4058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June %
The report was read, as follows :
The corarxiittee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to the amendment of the House to the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 77) authorizing a distribution
of the copies remaining in the Department of State
of the Tributes of the Nations to Abrahamlineoln,
having met, after full and ireo conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
respective Houses, as follow^:
That the Senate recede from its amendment to the
aiuendmentof the House to thesaid jointresolution,
and agree to tho said amendment of the House of
Bei>reseatativ«s.
H. B. ANTHONY,
J. 8. HARRIS,
E. CASSU11LY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
A. II. LAFIiIN,
Ii. \V. PURGE,
P. M. DOX,
Managers on the part oj the House.
The report was concurred in.
indian appropriation brit,
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1169) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions (so called) with various Indian tribes for
the year ending June SO, 1871, and for other
purposes.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 65, after line
fifteen hundred and ninety-three, I move to
insert the following:
For payment of that amount found by tho Interior
Department to be due to William C. Wright as bal-
ance of his account for expenses incus red by him
while acting Indian agent in Montnna Territory, by
appointment of Governor Green Clay Smith, dated
July 22,1867,  12 53.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make tho same point
as to tiiat amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont makes the point of older that this is
a private claim.
ilr. HARLAN. I will state wbaf, the facts
are, it' the Chair will permit me, beiore the
decision is made. This individual was em-
ployed by the Governor of Montana Territory,
Green Clay Smith, who was ex officio superin-
tendent of Indian alfairs, to take charge of
these Indians during the absence of the reg-
ularly appointed agent, who was away under
the authority of the Department. It-is to pay
the salary of that temporary employe.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not help it
any.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairthinks
that this is scarcely in accordance with -exist-
ing law. The Chair thinks it is a private claim.
It may have merit, in it; but it will have to
stand upon its own merits as a separate bill;
it is not proper as an amendment to the appro
priation bill under the thirtieth rale.
Mr. HARLAN. On page G8, line sixteen
iiundred and fifty-three, after the word ''of,"
I move to insert, the words '• exterior bound-
sines of;" and in line sixteen hundred and fifty-
lour to strike out "one" before the word
"hundred" and insert " four and in line
Kixteen hundred and fifty-five after the word
•'dollars" to insert "or so much thereof as'
may be necessary ;" so that the clause will read :
For surveys of exterior boundaries of Indian
reservations, and subdividing into lots portions of
tho same, $444,4£0, or so much thereof as may be
neccssary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi'. HARLAN. On page 70, after line sev-
enteen hundred and four, I move to insert the
following clause:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
neee?sary, to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
collect bands of Kickapoo oi other Indians roving
on the borders of Texas and Mexico, and to locate
and subsist them in the Indian territory, $5'J,030.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
have some explanation of that amendment.
Mr. IIARLAN. These are roving bands of
Indians, Kickapoos and others, who are oscil-
lating back and forth into the State of Texas,
who have been committing depredations on the
■white people there for a great many years; and
the proposition is; if it shall be adopted by
Congress, to appropriate this amount of money
for the purpose of collecting them together and
locating them in the Indian territory on a res-
ervation. They have neither lands nor money.
They are a kind of nomadic or vagabond In-
dians. I do not see the honorable Senator
from' Texas [Mr. Hamilton] who is a mem-
ber of the Committee on Indian Affairs in his
seat, but it was proposed in the first instance
on his suggestion. It is possible that bis hon-
orable colleague may be able to give the facts
to the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask whether
there are any treaty stipulations with these
Indians?
Mr. FLANAGAN. I will simply state that
this is a subject which I have not matured.
My colleague is familiar with it. But I am all
anxiety that this proposition should be carried
out in accordance with the views of the com-
mittee. 1 am not prepared to say anything
definite on the subject now. I know that we
have been very much annoyed by these Indians,
and I have no doubt this appropriation will
prove very beneficial. ,
Mr. HARLAN. There is no- treaty with
these fragments of Indians that is recognized
as binding on them or on us. A portion of
the Kickapoos are still living in the State of
Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. These^ Kickapoos went
from the State of Kansas to Texas some years
ago. They separated from the original tribe
and went off to Texas, and have been wander-
ing over since. I think if they could all be got
together in the Indian territory it would be a
good thing for them, and for the country, too.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say
one word on this subject. We have no treaty
stipulations with these Indians 
ilr. POMHROY. We have with the tribe;
but not with this band who ran off.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They are de-
scribed in the amendment as "'bands of Kick-
apoo or other Indians roving on the borders
of Texas and Mexico." Nov/, while we have
treaty stipulations with the Indian tribes or
nations. I think we have haidly gone lo the
point of making appropriations so large as this
with a view of collecting roving bands who go
off' from those tribes. It seems to me that if
the tribes themselves are induced to locate on
these reservations, and we make ample pro-
vision for them, it is pretty liberal, to say the
least of it, that we should appropriate so large
a.sum of money as this to hunt up the roving
bands of straggling Indians and induce them
to come in. it seems to me ih^y ought to be
left to influences other than such as are proposed
by this bill. 1 think this is an experiment
which is entirely new, to appropriate so large
a sum of money to go in search of Indians who
are described in the amendment itself as " rov-
inglndians.'' Still, if the Committee on Indian
Affairs have investigated it, they can better
judge of'its necessity than I can.
Mr. HARLAN. It is in accordance with
the policy recently entered on by the Govern-
ment of the United Stales; that is, to collect
on reservations the Indians who are commit-
ting depredations on the white people; and
these bands are among the very worst Indians
who are living, the most vicious and thriftless,
and in every sense marauders, thieves, and
murderers. The committee thought, and the
Department sustain that view—the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs was consulted in rela-
tion to it—that it would be wise for the Gov-
ernment to collect them together and keep
them on a reservation, with a view of stopping
their depredations, saving the lives of white
people, and also saving the necessary expense
of keeping troops on the Texan border for
the purpose of attempting to keep them in
subjection.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to inquire has the
Senator from Iowa any information as to the
number of these^roving bands of Indians?
Mr. HARLAN. There are not very many of
them. There are several hundred of them,
probably not to exceed one thousand.,
Mr. HOWE. What is the evidence as to
their number?
Mr. HARLAN. It is next to impossible to
ascertain the exact number of that class of
Indians.
Mr. HOWE. Will ihe Senator inform me
whether they have not the same protection and
rights under our treaties that any other band
of Kickapoos has?
Mr. HARLAN. Oh, yes; these Kickapooa
have the same rights under the treaties, if they
would go back and live with the civilized por-
tion of the tribe who are now in the State of
Kansas. But it is not so much for the welfare of
the Indians that this appropriate is asked as
for the welfare of the white people. These
Indians are living among the white people, and
stealing their horses and cattle, and murdering
the families, the women and children, when the
husbands are away. It is for the purpose of
stopping this marauding on their part that this
proposition is made.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire if the State of Texas is not abundantly
able to reduce these fellows to order, or to take
care of them?
Mr. HARLAN. I have no doubt the State
of Texas could reduce them to order, but it
would result probably in their extermination,
and that of a great many white people.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will say, in
reply to the inquiry of the Senator from Wis-
consin, that these Kickapoos are supposed to
number two hundred and sixty-five. We have
treaty stipulations with that tribe. This amend-
ment contemplates those who do not stay with
the tribe, but have wandered off.
Mr. HOWE. The question with me is
whether there is any obligation, moral or legal,
resting upon the Government, whenever a por-
tion of a tribe of Indians separate from the
rest of the nation and start out "swinging
around the circle," to appropriate money to
toll them off into some particular locality. Is
that an obligation resting upon the Govern-
ment of the United States?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That was a sug-
gestion that occurred to me. whether, having
made appropriations for the Kickapoo Indians,
as we do in this bill, we should make another
additional appropriation to look up those who
stray from that band of Indians into Texas, and
rove about in other sections of the country.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know much about, it;
but 1 am inclined to think that just as long as
the Government will appropriate money to
send Indians home there will be no difficulty
in getting^ Indians to visit the different States
of the Union.
Mr. CORBEFT. The object of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs in making this appro-
priation was to save money to the Government.
It is now necessary to keep troops upon the
border of Texas to protect the inhabitants there.
These Indians go into Texas. They are In-
dians who have left our own country. They
steal horses and stock, and commit depreda-
tions_ upon the whites, and then run over the
line into Mexico. It is necessary for us to
keep troops there that cost us probably a
million dollars annually to protect the white
inhabitants from these Indians. We thought
it cheaper to appropriate §50,000 to take these
Indians and put them upon a reservation, as
we do the other Indians who are committing
depredations, and endeavor to show them that
it is for their interest to pursue an agricultural
life.
In my own State we had trouble with the
Indians who were constantly running between
Nevada- and Oregon. General Crook fought
those Indians until he subdued them, and then
gathered them at a military post. Last year
we made an appropriation of money to put
those Indians upon a reservation. They are now
placed upou a reservation, and we are appro-
priating a small amount of money to teach them
