1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4059
to pursue an agricultural life ; and I have here
letters showing that they are doing well and
are much pleased with their location. We j
shall appropriate this year for those Indians j
about twenty thousand dollars, and there are j
about a thousand of them. if we can keep them ;
with that small amount of money, and thus ro- !
Hove two or threecorapanies of troops, we shall
certainly save a great deal of money. I voted
for this amendment in committee with that view,
believing that it was for the interest of the
'Government and that it would save a large
amount of money if we could get these Indians
upon a reservation.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I regret at any time to
speak upon a subject with which I am not thor-
oughly tamillar. With the action had before the
Committee on Indian Affairs on this subject cer-
tainly I am notfamiliar. Since I have had the
honor of a seat in this body my course has
been to give great credit to the action of com-
mittees. Your regular committee has seen
proper to make this report. I am acquainted
with one branch of the subject, and that is the
great distress of the frontionnen in my State.
They are continually harassed by these_lndians,
and the reports are not based upon fiction in
any way. The destruction of life and property
is very great, and it tends directly to prevent
the settlement and development of that vast
and rich country. The people have to retire
from the border, leaving their lands and then-
property, and come back into the thickiy-set-
tled portion of the State for security. The
sum here proposed, a mere pittance, as I look
upon it, in comparison with the great object
sought to be attained, will perhaps remove
these Indians to some place where they can be
located with security. One of two things must
be done: these Indians must be annihilated,
which in humanity certainly we do not desire,
or we inubt extend a charitable hand to pro-
tect. them in someway, and in protecting them
we protect the white settlers. 1 hope most
earnestly that the amendment will receive the
favorable* consideration ot the Senate.
Mr. MOflHILL, of Maine. 1 submit to the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
whether he had better not withdraw this amend-
ment. It strikes me that it is not worth while
to urge it. At any rate 1 will move to arooiiu
it by striking out ''$50,000" and inserting
"$25,000;" so as to make the appropriation
$25,000.
Mr. llARLAN. I would much prefer the
latter suggestion rather than to withdraw the
amendment. It is in the interest of humanity.
If it would result in saving half a dozen human
lives, no member of this body, I am sure, would
regret appropriating $50,000. If an honest
effort is made to collect these wild, roving,
marauding Indians I doubt, riot they can be
collected on a reservation. If this should be
achieved it will result in a saving of human
life and prevent the destruction of a vast amount [
of pioperty. 1 should much prefer to have the j
whole amount, but if the honorable Senator .
thinks §25,000 is enough, ot .course 1 will
accede to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I make that
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine moves to reduce the amount to
$25,000
The amendment, to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. I-IAItLAN. On page 70, after lino
seventeen hundred and four, I move to insert
the following:
Km this amount, or ?o much thereof as may be
ncci^firj, to pay the expenses of holdms a' poneral
council" oi' the Cherokee, Creek, Seminole, and
Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians, in ihe Inuism ter-
,iifll.y ,l3 pro vide.1 by the treaties with Raid tribes in
1«K.'81O,OC0- Piov.ilml, That any other Indian tribe
ix'i lyiup^nily located in mhcI Indum territory^ shall
be fiidu hutcby, authomortto elect andfcua t«>,«aul
romiril " one <lole«r.i>lc, and iu au.ufion
one dok-g-ito lor owh thousand iu'h.ms, prlnio-
uon of a thousand greater than hve hundred, beiuif
members of such tribe, on the same terms and con-
ditions and with the same rights and privileges, in-
cluding right to compensation, as is provided lor
delejjafes of tho tribes hereinbefore mentioned, and
a sufficient sum to pay tho per diem and mileage of
such additional delegates is hereby appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEllOY. I thought tho Senator
from Iowa did not intend lo press that amend-
ment. It is a sort of substitute for the terri-
torial government bill, is it not?
Mr. JSfYK. What is the amendment?
Mr. IIAllLAN. In regard to a general coun-
cil of the various Indian tribes.
Mr. PQMEROY. Is that intended as a sub-
stitute for the territorial government?
Mr. HARLAN. If a. territorial government
should be authorized by this Congress this money
can be used in paying tho territorial Legisla-
ture. It will subserve the same purposes pre-
cisely under the territorial hill, if that bill
should become a law; but if that bill should
not become a law, the Indians, I think, should
be permitted to meet together, as provided in
their treaties.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Territories
have spent, a good deal of lime on a bill, which
they propose to call up on Monday morning,
to organize the whole Indian territory into a
Tcrritoiy, in accordance with the several trea-
ties made with those tribes. The bill which is
proposed is almost a facsimile of the treaty
with the Cherokees. 1 hope that this amend-
ment will not be adopted, because 1 trust, that
that hill will pass, which will do away with any
necessity for this amendment. I differ with
the honorable Senator from Iowa. This money
could not be used for the purpose of paying the
territorial Legislatures if Ihe Territory should
bo formed, t hope, therefore, the amendment
will not be made.
Mr. HARLAN. T will ask to have the letter
of the Secrelaiyof the Interior relating to this
subject read. It is in the hands of the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Appropii-
ations. That will explain the whole subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there bono
objection the amendment will be regarded as
still pending It was agreed to, though very
few Senators voted on the question. The Chair
hears no objection, and the amendment is
pending.
Mr. MOUIULL, of Maine. I wish to say
a word to the Senator from Nevada. 1 under-
stood him to suggest that this amendment
might be rendered unnecessary by the con-
templated organization of a new Territory in
tins Indian country. U'it should he, o( course
it will notT)o used. This appropriation is mado
upon the present state of tilings. If. as the
honorable Senator suggests, tlnsstate of things
should be changed by whaf^ lie contemplates,
then, of course, this appropriation would not be
used.
Mr. NYE. No; it could not be used, ol
com he.
Mr. MORH1LL, of Maine. But, as the hon-
orable Senator is not positively certain that
what he contemplates will be enacted into a
law, 1 suggest whether it is not prudent to
make this appropriation.
Mr. NYE. It would not he ns d unless
immediately upon t.lie passage of tins bill tho
Secretary of Ihe Interior should call that coun-
cil, and then it would be us'-d. If it should
be so used, it would be so much money lost it
the-territorial bill should pass, oi which I enter-
tain no doubt.
Mr. HARLAN. The Secretary probably
would not call the council if he were aware
that what the Senator proposes was likely to
become a law.
Air. NYE. In the judgment, of all men wtio
have reflected on this subject, and who^under-
stand precisely the condition ot our Govern-
ment with the several tribes of Indiins which
pertain particularly lo this Indian territory,
it is perfectly plain that something must be
done more ftfectual than could be done by toe
simole organization of a council uuder the
treaties now existing with the Indians. I have
taken great pains to read those treaties. They
were all made in the year 1866 with the excep-
tion of the Cherokee treaty, which was made
a little before tkat time; but the rest of (he
treaties made substantially agree with that
one. It was provided in 18G6 by these treaties
that the Indians should have ageneral council
at any time that the Secretary of the Interior
might direct., when an appropriation should be
made for the purpose. Such an appropriation
has never been made. Now, a large portion
at least of these Indians desire the organiza-
tion of this proposed new Territory. 13y the
provisions of the treaties the superintendent
of Indian affaira is to be their Governor, and
he is to report to the Secretary of the Interior.
The bill which I have had the honor to
present, here provides that the Governor of
the Territory shall be cx officio superintendent
of Indian affairs. At lirst it had the sanction
of the Secretary of tho Interior, and I think
it has now, substantially; but if the bill organ-
izing that Territory should not be passed J can-
not see what possible use the organization of
this council could be to the Indians or to the
country. I ask the honorable Senator from
Iowa what could they do? The territorial
bill provides that the Territory may send a
Delegate to Congress. 1 cannot see. what pos-
sible advantage it will be to have a council
there, unless it can have some effect upon
their own rights or upon the rights of the Gov-
ernment, or as between the two. I ask the
honorable Senator to state what benefit could
possibly arise from that council, organized as
it must be under the existing treaties?
ilr. I1AULAN. The same benefits would
result from the assembling of these Indian dele-
gates in council which would result from their
assembling under a different name, that of <x
territorial Legislature. Tho object ot both
proposit-ionu, ol course, is to enable these In-
dians: to consolidate and become one people,
whether it, be under the provisions ot a treaty
or under the provisions oi'a bill But. to obviate
the objection of the. honorable Senator from
Nevada I suggest that an amendment might
he added to the pending amendment in these
words:
I'rocidn!, That the Secretary of the Interior.-hull
not call any su('!i <n>UiK'il until alter the adjournment
ol tins session ol (Jongro^.
That will obviate the dilliculty. If the bill
to which thct Senator refers should pass, a
provision can lie inserted in it/ direoimr; ihe
disposition of the money appropriated in this
clause ; and if that bill should not pass, thou,
of course, the Indians ought to be permitted to
convene, as provided in the treaties. I will
offer chat amendment to the amendment, if it
will meet the views oi tho Senator from Nevada.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Jowa moves to amend the amendment by
adding:
Provided, That tho Secretary nf the Interior .-dull
liotcj'll a oyrucli ouamdi until after the adjournment
oi' this session of Congress.
Mr. NYE. With that amendment, and
another which T shall suggest. I do not care
to make anv particular objection to this amend-
ment, except that 1 consider it. mere surplus-
age. I pt'o'pose that tho council shall not be
called unless Ihe Indians desire it.
Mr. IIA ULAN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. NYK. That it shall not Recalled unless
at the renue-st of the several tribes of Indians.
Mr. HAUL,AN. "Noruntilaftertheadjourn-
ment of this session of Congress."
The VI015 I'HKSIDliNT. Is there objec-
tion to the amendment to the amendment,
which is suggested '! The Chair hears none;
and the amendment, as amended, will be ic-
garded as agreed to.
Mr. POME ROY. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator from Maine whether
he proposes to go on with this bill this even-
in-V I am det.iiedby several Senators to mme
fo? a recess; bull do not know what the wish
of the Senator from Maine is.
