1870.
THR' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3115
with them on reducing the d«ty W  thus
beautiful articles which are woven of wire. I
wish to vote with the ch&irwan of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schekck] to
strike dovn this insidious tariff of 1-3 per cent.
I do this for the benefit of the consumer. Is
this high tariff here for the benefit of some-
body, which I think my friend most know from
the smile which plays about his face?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. COX. I will hand to the gentleman.
from Ohio samples of the beautiful fabrics
woven from wire.
Mr. SCHEN CK. I am not acquainted with
anybody in this trade at all. Wire comes in
„t   certain rate of duty. It so happens that
wire cloth cornea in at less doty than the wire
of which it is made. The proposition of the
Committee of Ways and Means is to add a
little something to cover the labor of convert-
ing the wire into wire cloth, and give it the
benefit of the same duty as wire. This wire
cloth is used for the purpose of keeping out
flies—"shoo fly!" you know. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. There is some nice little dicker
about this thing, and I want to get at the bot-
tom of it.
Mr. SCHEN CK. The only object is to pot
a doty on these beautiful things manufactured
out of iron wire which shall be equal to the .
duty on iron wire, and to add some little duty I
for the purpose of protecting the manufacture j
is our own country.
Mr. HOAR. For the purpose of stating a
few facts in reference to this manufacture t j
will move to strike out "Wand insert "36.
Mr. Chairmao, I believe, if there is a single I
nannfactare which gentlemen on this side of |
the House shoald be willing to protect amply
it is the particular manufacture under consid- j
eration. It is not made in large establishments, ;
as the drawing of wire is. It is made very j
largely on hand-looms by laborers who direct ;
their individual skill to the production of these. :j
wire cloths. They make screed* and sieves and
wire cloth for all the purposes for which wire
cloth is made. This was originally a German 11
manufacture, and Germans skilled in it have
oome to this country and established itall over
the Northwest They make it in Missouri, they
make it in Milwaukee, and they make it where
ever a population of skilled German workmen
are to be Sound. We propose to say to them by
this tariff, to this intelligent, skilled German
labor, that if they wish to make wire cloth for
the people of this eountry they can come over
here and do it, and we will protect them in so
doing. This is not one of those things which
protects the large manufacturing corporations.
It protects the skill and handicraft of the work-
ing man who lives with his family. It protects |
this skill of the German workman which he i
has brought over hero, and which ho exercises 1
for the purpose of securing for himself and j
family a decent livelihood. It is in favor of I
these individual working men that this protec- |
tion is afforded, and not in favor of the great 1
manufacturing corporations. j
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to ;
oppose the amendment of my colleague, for j
the purpose of saying a word in reply to the 1
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.] I '
understand my friend from New York to say j
that he gets his information from a German j
friend who had made a large importation which {
cost only 3J cents. |
Mr. COX. That was the invoice price in !
gold abroad. j
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. He did
not state the name of the gentleman.
Mr. COX. I will give it, and read his letter.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I do not
know that I should recognize the name. There
was a gentleman who camc to me and said that
his whole importation had been seized for
undervaluation, and asked me to go to the
Treasury Department and say a word in his
tavor. He gaid his goods were not undervalued;
tb«y were the rtfttfe of the mtfiMftatoifes at
the end of the season when the best articles had
been culled out, and that these were the imper-'
feet articles which had been sent to this country.
He believed it was very nnjnst to expect that
they shoald be valued at the rote at which the
fresh genuine article would be sold in the
markets of Germany. I nib afraid that my
friend who oame to ask me to assist him is the
very gentleman to whom the gentleman from
New York refers. I know myself that wire,
cloth cannot be sold at 3} cents in gold,
unless it be the rejected articles that have been
culled over and are imperfect, the class of
articles which European manufacturers gen-
erally^ the end of the season send over to this
country to get out of their way. And 1 am
inclined to think that the importation referred
to bv the gentleman from New York, invoiced
at 3} cents, if not the importation of the gen-
tleman who came to me, is another similar one.
I am of the opinion that the article cannot be
imported at anything like that price—I mean
the genuine article of good quality. That isi the
way in whichour manufacturers are interferred
with by European manufacturers, sending over
the rejected, the injured, I may say the spu-
rious articles that are left on their hands- at
the end of the season. Their old stock which
they want to get rid of they can bring in at a
very trifling rate of duty, as it is subject to an
ad valorem duly. Therefore thecommitte pro-
posed to put a specific duty upon this article
in order that there may be no inducement to
bring those worthless goods into the eountry
to compete with the regular manufactures of
this country.
Mr. KELLEY rose.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman will yield
to me for a word or two.
The CHAIRMAN. For what purpose does
the gentleman from Pennsylvania rise ?
Mr. KELLEY. I rose to renew the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hoab,] which was withdrawn by that
gentleman. But I will yield the floor to the
gentleman fromNew York, [Mr. Cox,] expect-
ing to he able to obtain it at some future time.
Mr. COX. I thank the gentleman for his
courtesy. Mr. Chairman, there is no reason in
the world why the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hoope&J should get up a supposi-
titious case with reference to the gentleman I
referred to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I apeak
of an actual ease.
Mr. COX. But he applies it without any
reason to this gentleman, who comes here
recommended in a letter from Governor Sal-
oman to General Paihb as an industrious and
enterprising merchant, who formerly resided
in Wisconsin, but now resides in New York,
and who imports goods of this character from
Westphalia.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The party
I refer to said the goods were consigned to him.
Mr. COX. Your man is not this man. Your
man is a man of straw most likely.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. He
brought letters recommending him on quite as
high authority as your man.
Mr. COX. That may be, but I have nothing
to do with him. The gentleman I speak of is
directly and largely interested in this, business,
and I show to the House that he is a respect-
able man by his bearing testimonials from the
former Republican Governor of a western
State.
Mr. CONGER. . Did the letter yon refer to
request that the goods should be relieved ?
Mr. COX. Not at all; it; had nothing to do
with that. But it requested the gientieman.
from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] to assist in pre-
venting the prohibitory tariff of an additional
123 per cent, being put upon this wire cloth.
I should like to have the whole letter read, in
order to free this gentleman from the reproach
which has been heaped npon him in the debate
this evening.
■ 'Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I did not
mean to assert that the gentleman I referred
to was the same gentleman referred to by my
friend from New York. But I stated that he
broughta letter to me from very high authority.
Mr. PAINE. I may perhaps be expected
to say a word, as reference has been made by
the gentleman from New York to a letler
addressed to me by a former citizen of Mil-
waukee. That letter was presented to me a
day or two ago by a Mr. Mark6, who formerly
lived in Milwaukee, and who said he know me
there, although I did not happen to remember
him. The letter came from ex-Governor
Salomon, whom I have known intimately for
many years, and I assure the committee that
any statement he may make as to Mr. Miirlife,
or any other man, may be received with the
fullest confidence.
Mr. COX. I have only a word or two more
to say. I do not wish to make any mere ad
captandum talk about it. This proposition of
the Committee of Ways and Means raises the
duty from 35 per cent, to 160 per cent., so as
to be in fact prohibitory. This may be for the
benefit of some manufacturers in some parts
of the country. But I ask the committee to
allow our shopkeepers a chance to buy this
beautiful article, manufactured in Germany,
which can be brought to this country so much
oheaper than it can be manufactured here.
Mr. KELLEY. I renew, pro forma, the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. The specimens produced hy the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Cox,] I may say,
are not very fine specimens of wire cloth. The
Committee of Ways and Means had some be-
fore them much more closely woven, and on
which was painted with exquisite skill scenes
from our own mountains and Lakes and those
of foreign countries, and scenes of the chase.
And while I indorse all that the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoau] has said as to
the weaving of this cloth giving employment
to skilled and ingenious people who have im-
migrated from abroad, it is also giving employ-
ment on works of art which are valuaole to the
people^ and are furnished at a low rate, on
screens for windows against insects, and fire
screens, and in an infinite variety of ways.
And when a duty is imposed upon this painted
cloth it is not merely on this kind which is
painted by print, but on these works of art.
To leave it at anything like the present duty
would be to reduce the wages or depress thein,
of a class of highly-skilled people and highly-
skilled artists who are m^kin^ beautiful works
of art familiar to us all by introducing them
into the common affairs of life. No part of
the bill was better considered by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means than this, and in
reference to none were more specimens brought
to its attention to Bhow tbe demand for such a
duty as that fixed by the committee upon this
cloth*
Mr. 8TEVENSON. Mr. Chairman, I ap-
prehend that here where we reach fine manu-
factures, I shall be obliged to part company
with ray gallant friends who advocate reduc-
tion. I am in favor of reduction on all articles
of necessity and of raw material; but when it
comes to an article of fine manufacture there
is where, in my judgment, protection comes
in, if ever.
Mr, ^McCORMICK, of Missouri. Do you
call this an article of luxury?
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes; an article of
luxury.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. It is needed
in every home in the land.
Mr. STEVENSON, It is an article requiring
skill and labor. What we want in this coun-
try is to bring the raw material in cheap, and
then work it up onrselves. There is more labor
in 100 pounds of this material, I undertake to
say, than in a ton of pig iron. There is prob-
ably more in 10 poondg of this material than
in a ton of pig irou. Th«rfe is where the labor
comes in. It is the interest of this country to
