1870..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2171
before, it may well be considered a gigantic
if not a monstrous project,; and it will be very
unjust m my judgment—and I trust the judg-
ment of the House will also so determine—to
stop this project in its incipient stages, when
it is but commenced, by giving these parties
the power to destroy it; to destroy an under-
taking the most magnificent of any now in
progress on this continent.
The only other point that need perhaps bo
answered, is 
[Here the hammer fell,]
Mr. FERR1SS. I yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Keur.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, after a careful
examination of this question I have reached
the conclusion that it is the duly of the House
to leave the legislation on this subject as it now
staiftls, and to deny the prayer of the minority
of the committee. I am led to that conclusion,
in the first place, by the reflection that this
whole subject was referred very properly by
this House to one of its most intelligent com-
mittees, consisting of nine gentlemen, eight of'
whom roport to this House that this proposed
legislation is not proper to bo enacted; -tin!
the minority, consisting of only 0110 member,
asks its passage, in addition to thai, my own
judgment is that upon its merits this bill ought
not to bo passed. I think that in the original
proposition there was nothing wrong, nothing
unjust, nothing oppressive, nothing that in any
of itscharactors and incidents is extraordinary,
as is intimated by the honorable gentlemen on
the other side. It is said that the old law organ-
ized aradnopoly in Nevada, i donotundertiiuiid
that it does any such thing or brings about, any
such result. This tunnel idea stands upon a very
common one in application to various el her sub-
jects throughout the country, and it is only by
the name that is given to it in Nevada t,hut the
people are misled and do not understand just
what it means. The country is everywhere
familiar with various systems of ordinary sew-
erago and drainage in cities, towns, and the
country. The obvious principles of law, of
just aud fair contributions for common ad-
vantages and benefits, on which they aro main-
tained, are well understood. There is no char-
acter of monopoly or uncommon hardship about
them.
Now, Mr. Sptjaker, the wliolo of this law
consists in this simple proposition, tlmt hero
is to be constructed a sewer, if you please, a
drain that will inevitably benefit ovury owner
whose property is in any way reached and
drained and ventilated by it, In this city of
Washington and in all the cities of this coun-
try it is a common practice to require the per-
sons who derive advantage from the construc-
tion of such works to contribute to their con-
struction originally and to their maintenance
thereafter.
Mr. FITCFI. Did the gentleman ever hear
of a case where u sewer was constructed and
the owners of property adjacent to that sewer
were compelled to pay for it when none of
them wanted the sewer and all of thorn opposed
its construction?
Mr. KERR. I have heard of just such
tilings. I have often heard of just such thiugs
in cities and sections of this country. 1 know
of just such a thing in my own experience.
But that is not this case, and therefore the
gentleman's question has no pertinency to this
case. This tunnel company was organized at
the request of these miners, at the request of
the Senators and Representatives from the State
of Nevada, at the request of the Legislature of
Nevada, at the request of the Governor of
Nevada and of all the people of Nevada, in all
the forms in which they could make their wishes
known to Congress. 1 believe that this identical
law that it is sought now to repeal was drafted
by the hand of Senator Stewart, of Nevada,
and that it was supported two or three years ago
by the entire representation from the State.
Mr. FITCH. "Will the gentleman permit a
correction ?
Mr. KERR. I will.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to state that the Legis-
lature and people of Nevada petitioned Con-
gress for a money subsidy for the building of
a tunnel. They did not petition Congress to
compel them to pay for it.
Mr. KERR. With great respect toward
the gentleman from Nevada, I submit that
thatis an evasion. Whether they petitioned for
the construction of the tunnel at their own
expense or not it is very clear that they all
wanted this tunnel. They believed it to he a
good thing, and if they wanted it built at the
expense of the people of the United States, arid
not at the expense of the people of Nevada,
I do not think the people of Nevada gain much
by that presentation of the case.
But it is very clear, Mr. Speaker, that while
gentlemen say here that these people had a
possessory right in this soil before this last
law was passed, they utterly destroy the value
that is in that position when they also say that
the mines involved in this legislation have very
great value, and that out of thes? mines these
same miners have already extrsictod 5100,000,-
000 in precious metals. Now, if that be so it
seems to me that for that shadowy, that unreal,
that executory—it is not that much in law—
that mere possessory claim of right, they have
been most, munificently paid, and ought not to
eome back here and ask for more. But a fur-
ther answer to their position is found in the
fact, that when the original application to Con-
gress was made these miners themselves went
to woik and executed these voiuutaiv indi-
vidual contracts with this tunnel company, by
which they agiecd, whenever (ho tunnel was
constructed, to contribute these several sums
to aid it:! construction and maintenance.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman yield
to me lor a. ijueMtion V
Mr. RlOItlt. Yes, sir.
Mr. rt.UUlKN 1'. Docs i he gentleman know
how much it cort. those miner.! to extract the
$100,000,000 of which he speaks?
Mr. KKIMI. I do not.
Mr. NAlKiUNT. I will put thequuHtion in
another form. l<oes not the gentleman know
that it cost more than the $100,01)0,000'.'
Mr. Ki'lllit. I du not know nor do I care
what it cost, "or do I believe it cost them so
much, This 1 know full well, that it cost them
less than it was worth to them or they would
not, have dug those precious metals out of the
earth; that 1 know. In addition to what 1
have said 1 desire to cull attention toafurther
fact that undertho law, which it is now desired
to repeal, mid under the contract which that
law adopts, not one of these mining compa-
nies or individual miners is required to pay
ono farlhing to this tunnel company in the way
of royalty or anything else until the tunnel
shall have been constructed and they shall
have begun to derivo advantage from it. In
other words, the entire obligation is strictly
reciprocal; its burdens and its benefits go to-
gether ; they run constantly and perpetually in
parallel lines. And the whole assumption,
therefore, that there is oppression or injustice
or monopoly in this matter strikes me as being
very far-fetched and purely unfounded.
And further, it in assumed that the gentle-
man who is primarily interested as the repre-
sentative of this tunnel company in resisting
this proposed legislation has practiced a fraud
on Congress—1 believe that is the language
used by the gentleman from Nevada, [Mr.
FrrouJ—that he has procured to be practiced
a fraud on Congress, and thus upon the peo-
ple of Nevada. Now it appears to me that it
is a sufficient answer to that allegation to say
that if that legislation did involve any fraud
the entire representation in Congress from the
State of Nevada, the people of the State of
Nevada, the Legislature of that State, were
parties to that fraud, desiring to share the ad-
vantages to result from that fraud, and were
parties to putting that fraud upon Congress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man has expired.
Mr. KERR. I would like a few moments
more. -
Mr. FBRRISS. I will yield to the gentle-
man for five minutes longer.
Mr. KERR. It- is also further alleged in
reference to the general principle that Con-
gress ought not to suffer this law to stand,
because it is said that it is the policy of the
E'ederal Government, in reference to property-
existing in the States of the Uniop, to allow
the States themselves, without, any interference
on the part of the Federal Government, to go
on and regulate all interests of this kind.
I cheerfully conccde to the gentleman from
Nevada [Mr. jFitcii] that there is much force
in that proposition, and ordinarily that that
principle controls my action as a member of
this House on this kind of legislation ; but my
answer to that proposition here is that such a
proposition of law or of public policy has no
application at all to this case. And why?
Because in this case, while this Comstock lode
was the exclusive property of the United States,
before one acre or one rod or foot of it had
been sold, this law was enacted, when Congress
had exclusive title and jurisdiction over it,
when Congress had the clear constitutional
and moral right to legislate in this way. And
when we remember also that this is mineral
land, and comes within the general classifica-
tion of mineral lands, of which we in the cen-
tral and more eastern States of this Union
know but little, the jurisdiction over it by Con-
gress becomes still more clear and unquestion-
able.
Subsequent to this law of 1806 it was enacted
by Congress that private individuals might go
on and acquire title to this mining land by
paying certain specific prices ; but that in refer-
ence to all such titles they s-hould take them
burdened with the conditions indicated in the
law previously enacted for the maintenance of
this proposed tunnel, and to aid in the con-
structien of this tunnel in the general interest
of the development of the mining in that par-
ticular section of that State. These people
went on and concluded their purchases, and
obtained from the Federal Government their
grants, each one containing in itself, as a dis-
tinct part and parcel of its covenants and obli-
gations, this very condition, that the purchasers
should contribute to the maintenance of this
tunnel in the manner already stated. There
is therefore to be worked upon them no hard-
ship, no injustice, no result which can even be
said to bo morally inequitable or severe. But
it is further true that every one of those miners,
every one of the citizens of Nevada, every one
of those representing that State in either branch
of Congress, knew, when Mr. Sutro came here
to obtain the passage'of that law, that he was
coming here to obtain such relief. They all
desired him to obtain that kind of relief. They
were, its I have stated, parties to the measure ;
and 1 think they ought now to be held as legally
and equitably bound by it.
Mr. i'EERISS. I now yield ten minutes to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
ward.]
Mr. WOODWARD. When I came here in
1807 as a member of the Fortieth Congress, the
then Speaker of the House placed me upon the
Committee on Mines and Mining, and the ques-
tion of this Sutro tunnel was, duringthat Con-
gress, iully examined by that committee. I
e time made the acquaintance
of Mr. Sutro. I then learned all that an intelli-
gent man like Mr. Sutro could explain to acom-
paratively unintelligent committee in regard
to the whole subject of tunneling the Rocliy
mountains. The immediate question before
the committee at that time was whether the
Government, should pledge its faith to the extent
of §5,000,000 to this company in aid of the
tunnel. A bill which was prepared for that
purpose was referred to -a sub-committee, of
which I had the honor to be a member. I took
