1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5003
But these men have entered into the enterprise
near the town whore I live, as I know, entirely
from patriotic motives. Most of them were
engaged in railroads, and they desired to get a
rail which would last, and they desired also to
have it manufactured here in their own neigh-
borhood, where they could be free from the fluc-
tuations of prices abroad. 1 trust there will
be no change in the bill in this respect, and I
am sure, if the Senate understood the subject
as I do, there would be no objection to this
duty.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, it is obvious
that steel rails will to a great extent super-
sede iron rails, and it is very important, in my
opinion, that the manufacture of steel rails
should be established in this country. But in
fixing this duty it seems to me we are lacking
the necessary information to-night, We ought
to have some information to enable us to fix
the rate at which it is possible or competent
for American manufacturers to compete suc-
cessfully with the English manufaciuier, We
ought not to be asked to go above that, and
we ought to have the information, the facis
which will enable us to determine the point,.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that there has
been a memorial presented to Congress, signed
by about ninety of the leading railroad men in
the country, representing that this business
cannot be conducted for less than tivo cents
per pound tariff on this article. Tbe duty has
been fixed by the House at one and a half cenLs
n pound, which is bait' a cent lower. Lt is so
lepresented, with how much tiuth I do not
know; but these memorialists are very distin-
guished men in the country, and tjiey say that
two cents tariff is necessary to enable the
American manufacturers to compete with the
English manufacturers.
Mr. CAMERON, I will say in addition, if
the Senator from Indiana will allow me, that
these gentlemen are more interested in rail-
roads and in having cheap rails than they are
in the manufacture of steel rails. The men
who have started these works have induced
other people to go into the manufacture with
them, and their onlj motive was to have the
rails made, and made in this country especially,
but their interest is in cheap rails.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Marylaud. I would
ask the Senator from Pennsylvania whether
there are not railroad companies protesting
against this increase of duty?
Mr. CAMERON. I do not know of any.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Is not the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company pro-
testing?
Mr. CAMERON. I do not know that.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. And the
Paikersburg branch; and the New York Cen-
tral road.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not the New Yoik Cen-
tral.
Air. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The Bal-
timore and Ohio road certainly is protesting
against this increase of duty.
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator from Indiana
will permit me to reply to a portion of his
inquiry, as well as the Senator from Mary-
land 
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator will let me
get ihrough, I shall be obliged to him.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 do not wish to occupy time.
Mr. MORTON. The point is the competing
point. II" we put the duty above the competing
point, higher than the compering point, then
it becomes prohibitory. The question is, what
it. the competing point; and to ascertain that
there should be some fuels given to us to-night
to thow us what is the difference in the cost of
the manufacture of the Bessemer rails and oi
the ordinary iron rails. It was stated by the
■ Senator from Pennsylvania a lew moments ago
tis.it the difference of eo.-.t in England was
o.iL abt.nl lliiitv per cent.
Mr. SCO IT. The Senator misapprehended
u:e. I Mated that the cost of steel rails in this
country was only thirty per cent, above that
of iron rails.
Mr. MORTON. I inferred from that state-
ment that that was the difference in cost; that
the English manufacturer could bring his steel
rails here and sell them at an advance of only
thirty per cent, over the iron rails. I take
that, then, in the absence of evidence, to be the
measure of the difference in the cost of pro-
duction. Now the duty on iron rails is fifteen
dollars a ton.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Fourteen.
Mr. MORTON. 'The duty on steel rails
proposed is tliiity dollars. That is a difference
of more than one hundred per cent.; but the
difference in the cost of production, as fur-
nished to us by the difference in price of the
English manufacture, is only thiity per cent.
We need some facts, and I trust my ftiend from
Pennsylvania, or somebody else, can show to
us what is the difference reasonably between
the cost oftheordinary iron rails and the steel
rails; and when gentlemen shall show that,
we can then determine what is the difference
required in the rate of duty.
According to the statement made by the
Senator from Oregon two cents a pound is
required. That would bo nen-ly two hundred
per cent, over the duly on iron rails ; and yet
the cost of production, as near as we can infer
it, differs only thirty per cent. All that could
be asked in regaid to the increase of duty over
iron rails would be to meet the increased cost
of production. The difference niightdocrea.se
in this country with the pel lection of our ma-
chinery ; it might be greater now than it would
be two years hence; but the question, alter
all, conies hack to this: what is the fair com-
peting point between the manufacturers abroad
and the nianulacturers at home?
Mr. SCOTT. I will take the liberty of say-
ing a word in reply to the Senatorfrom Indiana.
'The question was asked what the rate should
bo for the purpose of keeping up competition ;
and in that connection the petition of the man-
agers of the various railroads of the country
was ref'eiied to. 1 have in my hand a copy of
that petition, which was presented here. It
comes from all parts of the country ; and I will
call the attention of my friend from South
Carolina to the iaet that it is signed by " W. A.
Smith, president of the North Carolina Rail-
road Company," as well as by " H. T. Peake,
general superintendent of the South Carolina
Railroad Company and in that petition they
ask for two cents a pound upon this Bessemer
steel rail.
1 do not profess to carry in my recollection
the statistics in regard to this trade, but they
have all been before the Committee of Ways
and Means of the House and before the Com-
mittee on Finance of the Senate; and instead
of acceding to that request of those who con-
sume iron the committee have reduced it to
one and a half cent, and 1 have no doubt that
is the pioper competing point.
Mr. CONKLINO. I should like to inquire,
if 1 may, of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance whether any protest fiom any railroad
company or any other consumer of Bessemer
steel has been presented against the House bill
as far as concerns this point?
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, we were
furnished with a paper showing the assent of
nearly all the leading railroad companies in
the United States. No one appeared before
the committee remonstrating against the duty,
and I only know that two leading railroad men
in the United States were said to be against
it. One was Mr Yanderbilt and the other was
Mr. Garrett. Thev were understood to bo
against it.
Mr. CONKLING. I was rejoiced when I
listened to my honorable friend from Ohio,
because I had come to believe a good while
ago. and nothing has occurred on the present
occasion to diminish that belief, that taritf
legislation is little more than a grab, a gen-
eral grab of each interest, speaking for itself;
and when we attain that, degree of care and
consideration where a point is reached in com-
mon between the producers and consumers of
a given article upon which they agree, and
both are satisfied, and still legislative discre-
tion _is confounded and disquieted for fear in-
justice is to be done, ceriaiitly we are upon
the threshold of a great improvement in the
science of legislation on this particular subject.
Now, just look at this matter for a moment.
I have in my hand a petition subscribed, (
might almost say, by more railroads than I
supposed existed as active organizations in tins
country, some ninety of them the Senator fiom
Oregon [Mr. Williams] says; and as 1 run
my eye over it I sec a large pait of all the
leading established railroads of the country.
And to whateffect is this petition ? It disclosed
great earnestness, in the firstplaee, thatlegisla,
tion shall foster this product; and second, it
states and supports the statement by facts that
two cents the pound is as mild a tariff as will
answer the purpose.
Now, who are these people? They are men,
in the first place, who stand in double trust,.
They are large owners and proprietors of rail-
roads themselves; but they are trustees of the
stockholders for whom they act; and they, wiih
the other railroads of this country, are the only
consumers, so far as I know, of Bessemer steel.
Who else consumes it? If they are satisfied
with this, for whom shall anybody speak who
objects to it?
The honorable Sena'or from Ohio catechises
my friend from Pennsylvania to know whether
some of these men are not owners in these pat-
ents which have been attributed to llnee men,
the fallacy and incorrectness of which the. Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania demonstrated ; and it
turns out that there are on this list men who
have had money invested in factories, which
factories themselves paid a royalty, this very-
onerous tribute to these monopolists which we
have heard about.
Mr. THORMAN. [ have no doubt that is
the reason they are on that paper.
Mr. CONKLING. _ Very well; take it so,
though the Senator is quite mistaken. Sup-
pose they weie all in that condition ; docs he
not. see that they stand, in the first place, in the
attitude of consumers of this article, and in the
second place, the very men who are martyrs
under this extravagant royalty? If his prem-
ises were right the argument would be stronger
than it is in truth. It is not so. These men
represent railroads, some of which I know my-
self, for some of them are in my own State and
near my home. 'I hey are engaged in relaj ing
their roads with Bessemer rails. Their inter-
est is to get them as fast and as cheap as they
can. And what do they show in a paper that
I have here, and which, if time would suffice,
I should like to read, especially in parts? They
show circumstantially and historical ly that upou
piotection, which they say ought to be two cents
a pound, depends the very object which they
have in view—the cheapness and plenty ol'these
rails. They say that in gold S'2,500,000 has
already been saved to the consumers of Besse-
mer rails by the starting of the production lieie.
Mr. SCHURZ. How has it been saved?
Mr. CONKLING. In the way I have indi-
cated; by the manufacture on American soil
of Bessemer rails, which manufacture has had
the effect, by the competition, of bringing down
the prices with which the British manulactur-
ers started. They show that now $O;o00,000
have been invested in the erection and opera-
tion 
Mr. THURMAN rose.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg my honorable friend
not to interrupt rr.e. I am one of the men who
do not speak beyond the five minutes allowed
under this order; and as I have said nothing
upon this bill to-day, I hope my friend will per
mit rne to indulge myself in these five minutes.
They show that five mills have already been
