1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE OONGBESSIONAL G-LOBE.
213
41st Cong.... 2d Sess.
■ The Tariff—Mr. Kelley.
Ho. oi? Reps.
oring to improve it I renew my protest against
its repeal or overthrow.
the cartsful consideration that has been be-
stotted upon the bill. by the committee.
Mr. Chairmanand gentlemen of the commit-
tee, your Committee of Ways and Meaushave
devoted the earnest labor of a year to the con-
sideration of the revision of the tariff, a duty
you committed to them by special resolution
of the House. In the discharge of that duty
we have traveled in great part at our own proper
cost, relieved largely by the hospitality of rail-
road, steamship, and other transportation com-
panies, from the rocky coasts of Massachu-
setts, and the waters of its bay, along the long
coast of California and Oregon, and over the
beautiful waters of Puget sound, the Willa-
mette and the Columbia rivers; we have list-
ened to merchants, manufacturers, farmers, and
men of enterprise, representing all the interests
of every section of the country; and we have
been in all respects painstakinganddeliberatein
our efforts to ascertain liow the existing provis-
ions of the tariff can be so m odified as to yield the
Government adequate revenue, lighten the bur-
dens of the people, and stimulate all their in-
dustries with equal hand. And I conscientiously
believe that if the bill we have reported should
be adopted without an amendment, except
those the committee is prepared to suggest, its
quickening influenco would be felt in every
department of the productive and commercial
industries of the country. It would do much
to revivify the languishing shipping interest.
It would give new and grander proportions to the
market foryouragriculturalproducts. Itwould
maintain in a healthy condition your manu-
facturing and mechanical establishments, and
it would say to capitalists here and abroad,
'1 The protective policy of the country is con-
iirmed ; you may safely embark in new enter-
prises and develop new elements of the illim-
itable store and varieties of wealth now lying
dormant within the country."
now IT WILL STIMULATE THE SKIPPING INTEREST.
Do gentlemen ask how it will quicken com-
merce ? Let them turn to its free list. Our
commerce is now with manufacturing nations
inhabiting the grain-growing and metalliferous
regions of Europe. They produce everything
we do except cotton, rice, tobacco, and petro-
leum ; other than these they want but little
from us, unless war or drought or excessive
rain prevails over so large a section as to ma-
terially diminish the grain crop. We should
cultivate an exchange of products with thenon-
manufacturing tropical or semi-tropical coun-
tries. Wo want their gums, spices, barks,
ivory, dye-woods, drugs, and other productions
which they would gladly exchange for our grain,
spirits, cotton fabrics, axe3, hoes, shovels, and
an infinite variety of our productions. These
countries are our natural markets, but we have
excluded ourselves from them by our tariff
laws. All other manufacturing countries admit
their productions free, while we impose duties
on them which, as I have shown, are taxes upon
ourselves in their consumption. But this does
a further wrong to the shipping interest in this
^viso: the London merchant gets their produc-
tion in exchange for the shoddy cloth, low-grade
iron, and general "Brumanagen" wares of
England, and imports them free of duty. Ho
ships them to us in English steamers, and adds
freight to his many other profits. This trade
of right belongs to us, and under the commit-
tee's bill we will enjoy it.
Let me illustrate by a single example. The
cost of saltpeter is a question of importance to
every railroad builder, quarryman, and miner,
and we ought to import the raw material from
two countries remote from each other and
manufacture it more cheaply than we now
import it through London from India. The
duties on this article are higher than they
should be, and so apportioned as to discriminate
against our labor. That on the crude article
is 25 per cent, higher than that on the par-
tially refined, and is at the rate of 77f per cent.
They are as follows : on partially refined salt-
peter, 2 cents per pound; on crude, 2J cents,
and on refined, 3 cents. The new bill removes
the discrimination against ourselves and makes
but two grades of duty. It reduces that on the
crude article to 1 % cent, and on the refined to
2 cents. But while thus reducing the duty on
this important article the bill of the committee
invites the establishment of its cheaper manu-
facture in our midst and the employment of
many ships in bringing us the raw material in
equal proportions from Peru and Germany.
If gentlemen will examine the free list they
will find that it embraces muriate of potassa
and nitrate of soda. The latter is a natural
product of Peru, and the former of Germany,
and from 1,000 tons of each we can produce
1,000 tons of saltpeter cheaper than wa can
import it from India. This would double the
tonnage required for the carrying of this arti-
cle. I have thus presented to the committee
but ono of many illustrations with which I
might detain them of the influence the bill will
exercise upon our commerce if it becomes a
law.
steel ad valorem.
I have said that one of the defects of the
present law is its frequent application of ad
valorcms, which opeii the door to great frauds.
1 turn for an illustration to what seems to be
a favorite topic of the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Allison]—the article of steel. The gen-
tleman said the duty on steel in ingots, bars,
sheets, and wire above a certain thickness is 2j
cents, and that we had raised it to SI cents,
while reducing the duty a little on less important
classes of steel. Let me state tho case fairly.
The present duty on ingots, bars, sheet, and wire
notless than one quarter of an inchin diameter,
valued at V cents per pound or less, is 2J cents
per pound; value 7 and not above 11 cents per
pound, 3 cents per pound; valued above 11 cents
a pound, 3J- cents per pound and 10 per cent.
ad valorem. The gentleman attempted to dis-
credit the evidence which proves the magnitude
of the frauds persistently perpetrated by the
Sheffield steel makers for the last twenty years
under this system; but the Secretary of the
Treasury is acting upon it, and is largely increas-
ing the revenues ot the country from steel by
requiring it to bo honestly invoiced.
Much evidence, confirmed by the admission
of one of tho firms engaged in it, establish the
fact that acombination has existed among these
wealthy Englishmen to sell no steel in England
to Americans, but send it to agents in this coun-
try for sale, and to so undervalue it that that
which should pay 3J cents and 10 per cent.
ad valorem has, to the extent of 9 pounds out
of every 10, been undervalued and brought in
at 3 cents, and by the same fraudulent device
and conspiracy the greater part of that which
was subject to a duty of 3 ccnts has coma in
at 2\.
Thus tho Government has been defrauded
of many millions of revenue. Now, what has
tho committee done in the premises ? We have
agreed to put all steel—that which was below
and that which was above, that" which paid
2\ cents a pound and that which paid
cents a pound, or 8J cents and 10 per cent, ad
valorem—under a duty of 3} cents per pound.
We had steel importers and steel manufactur-
ers and experts before us_, and they all agreed
that there was no conceivable test by which
examiners and inspectors of customs could
distinguish between steel worth from 4 to 7 cents
and that worth more than 11 cents a pound; so
that though we may .thereby for a brief time do
some injustice to those who use low-priced
steel and those who produce high qualities of
steel we have made a single duty, which will
give us honest revenue and enable our steel
manufacturers to live and extend their works.
In my recent remarks on Mr. Wells's report
I quoted the language of the senior partner of
a steel-making firm in Sheffield, England, in
which he admitted the fact of undervaluation,
and declared that while the law remains as it
is the Government will be defrauded and can-
not prevent it. Thus the honest men among
the English steel-makers implore us to close
the door against fraud in which they must par-
ticipate, or surrender our market to their less
honest neighbors. Yet, for our well-devised
effort to do justice to the Government and
honest importers, we are denounced as taxing
tho people to build up monopolies!
The gentleman from Iowa will I am sure
pardon me for correcting a statement of his, on
which he amplified somewhat to-day touching
steel-manufacturing in Pittsburg. The state-
ment he read j'esterday was not that her steel-
makers were able to compete with England in
1859; it was that steel-making in that city first
became an assured success in that year. Her
enterprising men of capital had for many years
been renewing the yet fruitless experiment.
Man after man and firm after firm had failed.
Steel-works depreciated iu value and new firms
bought the stock and premises of old ones at
reduced values, till, in 1859, "an assured suc-
ccss was attained." This was tho phrase the
gentleman from Iowa used yesterday when he
had tho paper before him.
STEPHEN COLWELL.
I am quite sure that he would not intention-
ally misstate a fact. Nobody values him more
highly than I do. He is as earnest on his side
of this great question as I am on mine, and wo
are both of a temperament that requires us to
have the figures before us to prevent a certain
measure of exaggeration in our statements.
There is, however, one point on which I am
disposed to quarrel with him, and that is that
he should have assumed to have found an ally
in my venerable friend, Stephen Colwell, and
by a perversion of his language made him seem
to plead against protection for American labor
when the very words he quoted were written in
its behalf. Sir, Stephen Colwell's life has been
devoted to his country. It has been a life-long
labor of love with him to promote the develop-
ment of her vast stores of wealth and the pros-
perity of her farmers and laborers, lie was
the friend and companion of Frederick List,
the founder of the German Zollverein, who was
for a few years an exile from his native land
and a dweller in thfe then undeveloped coal
regions of Pennsylvania. After his death Mr.
Colwell collected his writings and found pleas-
ure in editing them; he has also written and
published much in defense of protection as a
sure means of promoting national greatness,
cheap commodities, and the prosperity of the
people; and Iconfess that I was both astonished
and grieved that a portion of an article of Mr.
Colwell's demanding the repeal of internal tax-
ation, and showing that it is a bonus to foreign
manufacturers and a burden upon our home
producers, should be quoted by the gentleman
from Iowa against the tariff bill, and to prove
that protective duties add to the cost of com-
modities. I know my friend did not think of
the wrong he was doing, but it is not just to
my venerable friend, whose life is drawing to a
close, that his language should be thusperverted
before the nation whose interest he has done so
much to promote.
the classification of ikon xot sew.
But the gentleman from Iowa asks why the
classification of iron found in the bill was
adopted by the committee. I will tell him why.
Sir, so far as classification of iron has been mod-
ified, and the changes are but few, they adopt
the expressed opinion of the Senate and a
former Committee of Ways and Means.
