5004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
erected, that two mills are going up ; and more,
they show that no American work has yet paid
a dividend to any extent whatever, whether the
minimum royalty bo five dollars or something
more, and they show that the capacity of the
present works is sufficient to furnish steady
employment to nine thousand mechanics and
laborers at average wages of ยง800 per annum.
Mr. President, if my time sufficed I could go
inlo the details of this statement and exhibit
the case fully to the Senate. What is tuc ease
, presented to us? It is of a product, one of the
prime necessities of the nation at large, as to
which the consumer and producer unite in say-
ing that it needs protection greater than that
which is assured by the House bill, and imaddi-
tion to that we have a state of facts showing
that a strong and thriving, although a new,
branch of industry is going on, which already
feeds nine thousand mechanics and their fami-
lies at average wages of $800 a year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's
five minutes have expired.
Air. CONK LING. Then I surrender the
1 Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator from Mew York
has produced a paper with tne names of so
many presidents and directors of railroad com-
panies 
Mr. CONKLTNG. And superintendents and
treasurers.
Mr. SCHURZ. I suppose it has occurred j
to a great many that the interests of directors
and superintendents of railroad companies are
not always entirely identical with the interests
of the companies. 1 think it has very fre-
quently happened in this country that the direct-
ors a nd superintendents ot such and other com-
panies by joining their interests with tliote of
associations manufacturing and furnishing cer-
tain articles to those companies, and getting
contracts for that purpose, have advanced their
own individual interests very largely, without
advancing equally the interests of the estab-
lishments of which tliey were superintendents
fir directors or presidents. Such things have
been known in this country; and I should not
be at all surprised if there was a little of that
in this instance. At any rate, it is surprising
that railroad presidents and superintendents
should advocate measures avowedly calculated
to increase the pricc of things needed by the
loads.
It has been said that the price of Bessemer
steel rails in England has been knocked down by
Ametican competition from $150 a ton to sev-
enty dolhus, and even fifty dollars. Why, sir, is
it not. known that the process lias been improved
and thereby cheapened, and is there no com-
petition in Europe between different Bessemer
i-ieel establishments? At this very moment,
as I am informed, contracts are made in Eng-
land at fifty dollars, and contracts are made
in France at forty-eight dollars, France under-
selling England by two dollars; which shows
thai there is competition in Europe already
operating among the different establishments
that reduces the prices there. The capacity I
of the Bessemer steel works in England is
about five hundred thousand tons, and the
proposed capacity of the steel works here is
about thirty thousand tons. Is it imagined
that the mere dread of a competition of thirty
thousand tons is to have such a tremendous
effect upon the price so as to reduce it from
ยงl-"0 to fifty dollars and forty-eight dollars,
against five hundred thousand tons in England
ahmo? is not that absolutely .absurd?
Tire Senator from Pennsylvania has spoken
of i.ne hundred and fifty stockholders engaged
in these works; he said that those men are
trying to build up this industry, not for the
purpose of making money, but fiom simply
patriotic motives.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator will allow
me to interrupt him, X did not say stockhold-
ers. I spoke of the gentleman belonging to
ihe railroads who had become stockholders.
Sir. SCHURZ. Those who owned the patent
right wanted to introduce that process from
simply patriotic motives, I suppose the Sen-
ator would have us understand, aside from the
royalty. I appreciate their patriotism very
highly ; but I know of another kind of patriot-
ism which I appreciate still more. If there
is anything necessary for the people of this
country it is cheap transportation, cheap fares,
cheap freights; and those we can have only if
we have cheap railroads. It is evident, and,
indeed, it is admitted, that by this duty the
price of steel rails will be greatly increased.
Will not the increase of the price of steel rails
necessarily have its effect upon fares, upon
freights, and upon everything connected with
railroads? It is evident, therefore, that the
interest of these one hundred and fifty stock-
holders, and of the three men, or whatever
number there may be, who own the patents,
is directly opposed to the interests of thirty
or forty million people who are greatly con-
cerned in the cheapness of railroad transport-
ation.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator, I am sure,
does not wish to misunderstand this matter.
The statement of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania was that there are one huudred and fifty
stockholders in one establishment at Harris-
burg alone. There are agreatmany establish-
ments scattered over the country.
Mr. SCHURZ. We will say, if the Senator
pleases, for argument's sake, that there are
fifteen hundred men interested in this as stock-
holders. Then there are fifteen hundred men
on one side and forty millions on tha^other. I
go still further: the Senator from New York
has informed us that there will be nine thou-
sand workingtnen engaged in this business.
Then there are nine thousand men on one side
and there are forty million people on the
other. Now I think that while those men who
own the Bessemer patent are impelled by pa-
triotic motives to introduce that system here,
we ought to be impelled by higher patriotic
motives to furnish cheap rails, cheap railroads,
and cheap transportation to the country, which
will bo a blessing to all.
Mr. SHERMAN. 'This is a question which
should be governed by the interests of the peo-
ple of the United States in a large sense, and
not by the interests of the stockholders in any
particular company ; and I submit to every
Senator that the only question iswhether the
interests of the people of the United States
will not be best promoted by developing a new
industry in which our citizens have been tempted
to invest more than five millions of capital, by
giving them a temporary specific duty m order
to enable them to compete with a belter fortified
production in Europe?
Mr. SCHURZ. Permit me to as'c my frieud
from Ohio whether by making railroad fares
and railroad freights cheap all the industries of
the country are not benefited?
Mr. SHERMAN, in regard to the general
question 1 have conversed with agieat many
railroad men. who have no interest directly or
indirectly in the manufacture of steel, and 1
have not seen one of them who has conversed
with me who does not say that it is better for
the interest of the railroads and of the people
that we should maintain this industry for a,
while under the peculiar circumstances by which
it is surrounded. There is only one Bessemer
steel manufactory in the State of Ohio, and
that is owned mainly by Mr. Stone, of Cleve-
land. I think itis located in Cleveland, though
I am not quite sure about that. Although in
one sense he alone in Ohio is affected by this
matter, the railroad men of Ohio generally
desire to see a specific duly of a reasonable
amount put upon this article, merely to en-
courage the production and maintain its manu-
facture in this country.
The question of the precise amount of duty
is a question aboutwhich men may well differ,
whether it should be a cent a pound or a cent
and a half; but the House of Representatives
after a debate running through several days,
when long speeches were made, presenting all
views of the question, fixed the rate of dut3T at
a cent and a half a pound, that being consid-
erably less than was insisted upon by Ihe
owner of the steel manufactories. My own
impression is that they put it at about the right
figure. ,
Mr. CORBETT. My friend from Missouri
ridicules the idea that the establishment of
Bessemer steel factories in this country pro-
ducing a few thousand tons sliouldhave brought
down the price to fifty or sixty dollars a ton,
whereas it was $140 a ton in former times. I
do not know what price we were obliged to pay
for this steel heretofore, but I do know that
whenever a new interest arises m this country,
English manufacturers ship their surplus stock
here with a view of breaking down this new
manufacture of ours. When these new estab-
lishments were put up here I have no doubt
the English manufacturers would_ have been
willing to sell rails at half or three fourths their
cost for one or two years, for the purpose of
getting this large market i'or all time to come.
The probability is that America now is the
largest market in the world for this produetion.-
Ikuow that upon the Pacific coast we attempted
to establish a furnace for the manufacture of
pig iron in my State at one time. From sixiy
to sixty-five dollars a ton was then being paid
in California for pig iron. We ^invested one
hundred and ten or one hundred and twenty
thousand dollars in gold in a furnace, being
satisfied that we could' produce the iron there
for about thirty-one dollars in gold. The Brit-
ish iron-makers at once put down their price,
so that we had to stop manufacturing. They
put down the price in California to about thirty-
five dollars a ton; and as we shipped it down
there at a cost of five dollars, and paid com-
missions, the result was a loss, and we had to lie
still. 1 know they put down the price to break
up that industry there, and I have no doubt that
they have shipped to this country Bessemer
steel rails at a low rate for the purpose of
breaking down this very interest that we are
trying to protect.
I am in favor of protecting this inteu-st.
The manufacturers have to pay, as I under-
stand, five dollars a ton royalty to the owners
of the patent. We have to levy a higher rate
of duty ia consequence of that. We have to
levy that five dollars, besides a sufficient amount
of duty to protect them against the shipments
from England, where they throw their surplus
upon our market here to breakdown our mar-
ket. I shallsupport the rate fixed by the House
of Representatives.
Mr. FOWLER. One fact stated by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania furnishes me with more
information on the subject than any other state-
ment that has been made. I understand from
him that the English will furnish us with iron
and steel rails at a difference of thirty per cent.
That seems to me to be the very point. We
want to determine how much duty we should
levy fo protect these interests sufficiently.
Thirty per cent.. then, is adequate for that pur-
pose.
There is another consideration. It is stated
by certain persons here that the English will
necessarily import their goods below the proper
cost in order to break down our manufactures.
That statement has been made with regard to
every tariff and every protective duty that has
been levied, from the first protective duty ever
assessed unto the present time. Such a state-
ment as that, however, defies and defeats the
operation of the laws of commerce, and there
is no truth in it.
'There is another consideration in regard to
this matter. We had the subjeet of sulphur
up here this evening, and were asked to pro-
tect sulphur in places where you have nothing
to do but dig the sulphur out as you would the-
earth : and yet Ave are. asked to protect tha'j
