214
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 28,
Ho. oe Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Asper.
41st Cong,...2d Sess.
The Senate of the United States, on the 31st
of January, 1867, passed a tariff bill. , On the
18th of February of that year the Committee
of Ways and Means reported it to this House
with certain amendments; and your commit-
tee, finding a classification indorsed by the Sen-
ate and House, followed it, except where they
thought change necessary or judicious. This
is the classification of which the gentleman
complains.
I am too weary, and too much exhausted,
and your patience is too far gone, for me to
proceed further with the discussion at pres-
ent. There are points I would like to con-
sider ; but I must draw to a conclusion.
proof that protection cheapexs goods.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,]
speaking of my argument on Bessemer rails,
said that as America produced but 30,000 tons
per annum, the establishment of her works
could have had no influence upon the price of
English rails, because the quantity produced
was relatively so small. I propose to illus-
trate the fallacy of that argument by the con-
tents of the little box I hold in my hand. So
long as America was unprepared to make Bes-
semer steel no Englishman would sell a ton of
rails for less than §150. I have told the story
to this committee once, and I will not now
repeat the details. But when in 1865 the works
of Griswold & Co., at Troy, New York, and
the Freedom Works, at Harrisburg, Pennsyl-
vania, were ready to deliver Bessemer rails,
Englishmen who had been swearing that they
could not sell them at less than $150 a ton
immediately offered them at $130. And when
our works increased from two to six they dropped
their price down to $100, and if necessary they
will dropit to $50, or until they force the own-
ers of our establishments to abandon the pro-
duction and apply their premises and machinery
to some other use.
Their policy is to crowd out our works ; or,
as Lord Brougham advised in 1815, just after
the close of our war, " to spend any amount of
money to strangle in the cradle the infant in-
dustries the exigencies of the war had called
into existence in the United States." They
will spend any amount of money to crowd out
these five or six Bessemer-rail works, and then
put the price up to figures that will be satis-
factory to themselves.
I said I would illustrate the argument by the
contents of a small box 1 hold in my hand. It
contains a few very small articles and speci-
mens of the material of which they are made.
They are gas-tips of a kind that till quite lately
were made exclusively in Germany. They then
sold in our marketatf'rom $0 to $12 per gross.
I cannot tell you whether this afforded so grand
a profit as Bessemer rails did at $150 gold per
ton. But, as recent events prove, it must have
paid splendidly. Since the close of the war
there was found in the interior of Tennessee a
deposit of tale, of which these are specimens,
[holdingup small pieces.] This is carried not
in foreign ships, but by our transportation com-
panies to Boston, giving business to our rail-
road companies between the heart of Tennessee
and Massachusetts. There Yankee ingenuity
converts the talc into gas-tips which will not
corrode, such as the Germans make, and for
which they had the monopoly of our market.
These American men have embarked a large
capital in this enterprise, and employ many
people in Tennessee and Massachusetts. They
are busy making these little gas-tips and creat-
ing a market for western grain, and converting
newly-arrived laborers from Europe into well-
paid American workingmen.
What effect has their enterprise had on the
price of porcelain gas-tips? The German man-
ufacturers, who could not sell these gas-tips for
less than §G to $12 a gross, now suddenly drop
their price and aro Hooding the market with
them at $2 a gross. At this price they will
soon destroy their Yankee rival and regain their
old monopoly.
Now, are we wrong when we say that if
anybody makes a profit out of us we prefer
that it shall be those who feed on American
wheat, wear American wool, and give good
wages to American workmen ? The little gas-
tip illustrates the truth that American compe-
tition cheapens foreign commodities quite as
well as the weightier article of steel rails.
SILK POPLINS.
Cases of this kind are continually coming
before us. Let me tell you of another from
away up in the mountain counties of New
York, at Schoharie. A quiet, unpretending
citizen, seeing that there were a large number
of unemployed girls in and about the village,
made the experiment of manufacturing an arti-
cle in great demand for ladies' dresses, known
as silk poplins. He equaled the foreign goods
in quality, was underselling them, and to the
extent of his capacity to produce was driving
-them out of the market, when by a change in
the wool tariff the duty on his goods was unin-
tentionally reduced, and the foreigners have
him at a disadvantage ; and if we do not pass
this bill, or give him other relief, he must
close his factory, lose the capital ho has invested
in it, and scatter the formerly idle girls he now
employs at good wages.
These are the facts of the case. The wool
bill, in order to let coarse'woolen goods in at
a low rate, provides that when they are over a
certain number of ounces to the square yard
they shall come in at 40 per cent. Poplins are
in considerable part of silk; they are finer and
more valuable than any heavy woolen goods,
but the silk add to their weight, and it has
been held that the duty on them has been re-
ducedfromOOto 40 per cent. Unless the relief
proposed in this bill be given, Mr. Barr is likely
to be ruined and his factory closed.
TIN AND NICKEL.
The present law puts a duty of 15 per cent,
on tin in pigs or bars. A¥e produce no tin,
though I believe they have recently discovered
a bed of ore in California, and it is thought to
exist in Missouri. I hope it does, and that it
may soon be developed. We cannot make tin-
plates by reason of the duties on block tin and
palm-oil. This bill of the committee proposes
to put palm-oil, an African product, and block
tin on the free list; so that we may begin the
manufacture of sheet tin, for which we export
annually $8,000,000 in gold.
While we have no well-ascertained deposits
of tin ore the country abounds in deposits of
nickel. Missouri, Kentucky, Virginia, Penn-
sylvania, New Jersey, and Connecticut have
large deposits of it; yet when the law of 1SG1
was passed its manufacture had not been at-
tempted ; and a duty of 15 per cent., the same
as that on block tin, was put on nickel. Our
bill proposes to enable the men of Missouri
to work the vast deposits of mine La Motte;
the men of Kentucky to work the large deposits
in that Slate, and the people of Connecticut to
establish nickel works in the immediate vicinity
of their great factories or' Britannia and other
white-metal wares by putting the same rate of
duty on nickel that we have on copper, zinc,
lead, iron, and other metals.
tub effect of protecting nickel.
Now let me show you what will be the effect
of this measure. I hold in my hand a letter from
Evans & Askin, the great nickel manufacturers
of England. They tell us how they will punish
us if we increase the tariff on nickel; and I
hope you will join me in invoking their pun-
ishment. But let them speak for themselves,
as they do in this letter. It roads thus :
Birmingham, March 18,1868.
DeakSik: Although it is now somo time since we
had the pleasure of corresponding wo hear from time
to time of the progress you are making in the nickel
trade in America, and we trust you find the business
a remunerative and successful one.
Wo hear that attempts arc being madeto influonco
Congress to increase largely the import duties on
refined nickel, nnd although perhaps we might at
first regret that the duties should be raised, we are
not quite sure it would not ultimately be to our ad-
vantage; for, if the duties are s® raised as to render
the import of nickel almost prohibitory we shall at
once adopt measures to send out one of the junior
members of our firm and erect a nickel refinery in
the States. In fact from the large quantities of nickel
and cobalt ores offered to us by mine La Motte, the
Haley Smelting Company, and several others, we
are almost disposed to do so at once, as we think it
might answer our purpose better than forwarding
the refined article from this country. Wo are not.
of course, selfish enough to wish a monopoly of the
nickel trade in America, but we hope and intend to
have a share of it, either by shipment to or refining
in the States.
Should we dccido upon erecting works in your
country may we reckon on any supply of ore from
your mine, in addition to other sources ?
We aro, dear sir, yours, faithfully,
, EVANS & ASKIN.
Mr. Joseph Wharton.
Let them come on with their skilled nickel-
makers; let them bringtheircapitalbymillions;
let them, if they can, bring 100,000 people to
consume the grain of Missouri; and we will
give them all welcome. By increasing the duty
on nickel from 15 to 40 per cent, mine La Motte
will thus become agreat manufacturing center,
and there will be a new market, not dependent
on long lines of railroad or ocean transporta-
tion for the grain and wool of the valley of the
Mississippi.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in conclusion, I plead
with the gentlemen of the committee to forget
their sectional feelings, to put aside party strife,
to remember that the glory and the power of
their country depend on the prosperity, intel-
ligence, and aspiring hopes of the laboring
people and their children. I beg them, as 1
know they all love their country, to stand by her
industries, and to aid the poor and oppressed
laborers of other lands to escape from a diet
of "rye and potatoes" to a land of free schools
and liberal wages, in which the daily fare of
the family will be of wheat, mutton, beef, or
pork, with the vegetables and the fruits of all
the States of our broad and then assuredly
prosperous country.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HONTJOEL F. ASPER,
of missouri,
In tub House of Representatives,
March 28, 1870.
The House beingin tho Committee of theWholeon
tho state of the Union, and having under considera-
tion tho bill (II. It. No. 1068) to amend existing laws
relating to the duty on imports, and for other pur-
poses-
Mr. ASPER said:
Mr. Chairman : I would not now address the
Committee of the Whole upon the bill under
consideration, and seem to antagonize the re-
port of the Committee of Ways and Means,
were it not for the fact that the constituents
whom I represent are deeply interested in the
result of these deliberations. I represent, sir.
a constituency engaged for the most part in
agricultural pursuits. They are burdened,
grievously burdened, by the existing tariff; and
it would seem by a reference to the bill now
before us that if it is to become a law addi-
tional burdens are to be imposed upon them.
Lest I should subject myself to a charge of
neglccting their interests and their rights in
this matter I propose to address the commit-
tee upon this subject.
The question of the tariff is one which has
agitated this country almost from the organi-
zation of the Government down to the present
time. By a reference to tho statute-books, it
will be found that there have been at different
times enacted into law some thirty-six different
