1870.
OOtf&EESSlOtfATL5 &LOfig.
Silt
If«ntlem«n think othfcrwise let themlowerthe
duty. Gentlemen propose to restore it to *nat
it is now; that is. to a mixed specibc and ail
vaforem dnt?. Th*> Committeu of the \\ hole
have already settled that question by refusing
to strike out the paragraph and to leave the
duty as it is. The gentleman's amendment
only repeats the same proposition to restore
the duty.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I withdraw
mv amendment.
fhe question then recurred on the first
branch of Mr. Ai.msos's amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 80, noes 57; no auorum voting.
Mr. liOLMAN. I do not insist on a farther
«ount if the question can be taken on the entire
proposition of the gentlemen from Iowa, [Mr.
Al'LlSOK. ]
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment will
be considered aarejected, and the question will
be new taken on the entire proposition of the
gentleman from Iowa.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 36, noes 68.
No further count being demanded the amend-
ment waa rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
Oa all insulated telegraphie or eleetrie wires
«r cables for submarine purposes, 40 per cent, ad
talorrm.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
ScofikU) having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Whkeuhi reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
according to the order of the House, had had
voder consideration the state Of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
1068) to amend existing laws relating to the
duty on imports, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. SCHENCK, (at
ten o'clock and ten minutes, p. m.,) the Honse
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, 4c.,, were presented
under the rale, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Me. AMIS: A petition of citizens of
Attleborongh, Massachusetts, for a pension to
Mr. Vernal Stanley.
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of .Robert
P. Lambdin, praying for relief.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petition of C.
0. Titos and 81 others, citizens of Fulton,
New York, against fhe passage, of the funding
bill.
By Mr. FERRISS: Seven petitions of cit-
uens of the district of Obamplain and others
interested in the commerce of Lake Cham-
plain aa importers, shippers, &o., praying snch
legislation as will allow vessels entering-and
leaving Lake Champlain by the Richelieu river
to enter, clear, and pay duties at the port of
Rouse's point.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: A memorial of the
coal dealers of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, asking for the appointment of an inspector
and weigher of coal, ire.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of An-
drew Anderson, of Knoxville, Tennessee, a
loyal citizen, whose dwelling was burned by
military orders from the general in command
Of the^ United States troops, and as a military
necessity, praying compensation for the same.
Bj Mr. MYER8: The petition and letter of
Christian Pore, of Philadelphia, a soldier of
the war of 1812, stating that seventy-one mem-
bers of the Pennsylvania Association of the
Soldiers of the War of 1812 had died in the
past year, and urging Congress to do justice to
the survivors pf this war and their families, by
granting pensions to them.
By Mr. ORTH: Resolutions of a meeting ;
! of citizens in He# York, in reference to the
Chinese indemnity flind.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of George
K. Taylor, of Hanover county, Virginia, pray-
ing the removal of legal and political disabili-
ties under the fourteenth article of amendments
to the Constitution.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Lfewia
D. Campbell and others, of Bntler county,
Ohio, asking Congress to authorize George H.
Dick to imnort free of duty one of Thompson's
patent roaa steamers.
Also, a remonstrance of certain importers
and growersof seeds, plants, and trees, against
free importation of such articles by private
individuals.
Also, the petition of Marshall Brown, of the
District of Columbia, praying Congress for
compensation for grain, grass, and fences taken
and used by United States troops in 1865.
By Mr. SWANN-: The memorial of Mrs. M.
S. Morse, administratrix and widow of Hon.
J. E. Morse, claiming a balance due hira as a
commissioner to New Granada.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 80,1870.
The Hon so met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bctler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
MR8SAGS FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. GonHAU,its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed bills of the following
titles, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested:
An act (S. No. 537) for the relief of James
H. Bunce;
An act (S. No. 632) to amend an act entitled
" An act to carry into effect provisions of the
treaties between the United States, China,
Japan, Siam, Persia, and other countries, giv-
ing certain judicial powers to ministers and
consuls and other functionaries of the United
States in those countries, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 22, 1860;
An act (S. No. 731) to provide for a build-
ing suited to the use of the post office, the land
and revenue officers, and the judicial officers
ofthe United States in the city of Montgomery,
Alabama;
An act (S. So. 754) to incorporate a Zoolo-
gical Society in the city of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia;
An act (S. No, 759) granting a pension to
John C. Abercrombie;
An act (S. No. 7G2) for the relief of Joseph
Ormsby;
Au act (S. No- 777) granting arrears of pen-
sion to Kosina Lenzinger;
An act (S. No. 778) granting a pension to
Mary Hodgson;.
An act (S, No. 779) granting a pension to
Eliza Whiting; and
_ An act (S, No. 780) granting arrears*)/ pen-
sion to Michael McGinniss.
The message further announced that it had
passed a bill and a joint resolution of the fol-
lowing titles, without amendment:
An act (H. R. No. 1635) to authorize the
corporate authority of the city of Georgetown,
in the District of Columbia, to pave and im-
prove the streets thereof; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 271) making
an appropriation for the purpose of making
experiments in the ventilation cf the Halls of
the Capitol.
ORDER Off'BUSINESS.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand the reguUr order
of business.
Mr. JONES, of North Carolina. I ask the
gentleman to yield to me for a personal explan-
ation.
Mr. ALLISON. I decline to yield for any
purpose whatever.
The SPEAKER. The regular orde* of busi-
ness is the qall of committees for report-sofa
private nature. !
Mr. ROUTS.^ I move that the Honse
now adjourn, with the view of yielding to the
sentlemau from Vermont, [Mr. Poi.and,] who
desires to-go to business on the Speaker's
table.
^ The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to move an adjournment for the purpose
< of yielding to anybody.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a privileged quesr
tion. After consultation with the officers of
the House, I desire uow to move, in accord-
ance with the notioe which I gave the other
day as to the periodical house-cleaning- here,
the taking up of carpets, puttiug down the
matting, Ac., that, to allow time for that pur-
pose, when the House adjourns on, Thursday
n«xt it be to meet on the Monday following.
Mr. GARFIELD, of-Ohio. 1 should like to
make a suggestion to my colleague. The tak-
ing up oftiie carpets and cleaning ofthe Hall
and lobbies always takes more than two (lays)
and though wecannot adjourn over longer than
till Monday, I suggest that the understanding
be among ourselves, that we will not have any
business on Monday, so as to allow the work
to be finished thoroughly and completely. We
might have fthat understanding although the
adjournment was formally till Monday.:
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Scuenck] moves that when the House
adjourns on Thursday it bo. to meet on the
Monday following. That is within the prov;
ince of a majority of the House to determine.
The gentleman's colleague [Mr. Garfield]
desires that it be understood that no business
shall be done on that Monday. That requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. BUFF1NTON. I object to that.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] agree to an amendment
to have the adjournment from Friday until the
following Tuesday? This arrangement I think
would better 6uit the convenience of members
than that which he proposes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have endeavored to in-
form myself by inquiry all around the Hall as
to views of members. I was inclined myself'
to prefer the-arrangement proposed by my col;
league, [Mr. Van: Trump,] but mostgentlemen
with whom I have conversed prefer tliat the
adjournment should be from Thursday till Mon-
day. I believe, however, it is *-little doubtful
| whether wq will have a quorum, on Monday or
not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am, informed by, the
Doorkeeper that unless a longer time is given
he will have to work hia men here on the Sab-
bath.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen are aware that
under the Constitution it is impossible for the
House to adjourn longer than three days.
Mri GARFIELD, of Ohio. I taiove that
when the Home adjourns on Thursday next it
be to meet on the Monday following at seven
o'clock in the afternoon.
The SPEAKER* The Chair cannot enter-
i1 tain that motion. It would suspend tbestand-
li ing rule of the House, which requires the House
\; to meet daily at twelve o'clock m.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think that what shall be
done an Monday had better be left to those
who are :here on that day. We can only do
! what the Constitution permits—adjourn over
! three days.
! Mr. VAN TRUSfP. I would inquire of
1 the Chair if I can mak« the motion which I
, have suggested ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Van Trump] can only
be reached by voting down that of his colleague,
[Mr. 8chenck.] It cannot be received ns ft
substitute or amendment. If the proposition
| of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
I and Means is voted doton, the Chair would then
