5006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
amendment No. 8, on page 10, which I desire
the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
For this amount, to be paid in coin, to enable the
Secretary of the Interior to fulfill treaty stipulations
relative to the payment of annuities with the Chip-
pewas of Lake Superior, the Oliippewas of Saginaw,
Swan creek, and Black river, tiie Ottawas and Chip-
pewasof Michigan, Indians of the Mackinaw agency,
in the State of Michigan, $J6,75o 47; being the aggre-
gate difference between the coin value of payments
made in currency during the years 18G'S and 1SG1. at
the dates of Treasury warrants, and the amounts clue
in com by treaty stipulations,with interest at the rate
of five per cent, per annum from dates of said Treas-
ury warrants to Juno 1ST0.
For the erection of a dock for the use of Chippewa
Indians of Lake Superior, at L'Anse b,iy^l,60J.
For the relief of O-shou-wau-iio, cinel, on account
of destruction of his building-; in the construction of
the Sault Ste. Marie cnnal. &SOO.
For repairing agency buildings at Mackinaw and
Sault Ste. Marie, $1,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Appro-
priations recommend non-concurrence in that
amendment. The gentleman from Michigan
desires concurrence.
Mr. SARGENT. Docs the gentleman from
Michigan propose to ask concurrence in the
amendment., except as regards the first para-
graph of it?
Mr. FERRY. I propose to ask concurrence
only in the first paragraph, down to the words
'• Jilne 30, 1870." 1 invite the attention oflhe
House a few moments while I present, briefly
the facts of this item in the pending bill. In
consideration of the cession of large tracts of
land by the Ottawa and Chippewa Indians of
Michigan, certain land reservations in the dis-
trict which I have the honor to represent, and in
the Saginaw region of Michigan, were set apart
for these Indians, together with an agreement
to pay them certain sums of money annually
until wholly paid, as embodied in the treaty of
1855.
This treaty recognized the cession by these
Indians ot' lands to the Government, and ex-
pressed the terms of obligation entered into by
the Government to compensate such Indians
for the territory so ceded. This treaty gave
the heads of families, and their children of age,
the right, within five years from date of treaty,
to enter upon and select eighty and forty acres
each, respectively, of any portion of these res-
ervations, free of cost, lor their own use and
disposal, giving them unrestiicted liberty to
make such selections within those boundaries
wherever they might please to elect, and the
Government agreeing to assure the title of each
selection by patent whenever the land depart-
ment was formally notified of the fact of selec-
tion. The treaty further provided that during
the next live years such of those Indians as
may have failed from any cause from making
selections free of cost during the prior five
years might have the right, with others of those
tribes, of purehasingany oflhe remaining lands
within the reservations, at Government rates
of$l 23 per acre, and upon payment and due
notification patents should be issued to them
therefor. The theory of the Government was
to induce them to settle upon and cultivate the
lands, and become agiicullurists and civilized
citizens, and to transfer their allegiance from
tribes to the nation.
Now, what followed ? The Indians, in good
faith, wentonto thoselaudsandsevei,illy made
their selections, commenced improving them
by culling down the timber, breaking up the
soil, and erecting buildings for their homes and
their stock. Peaceably and unobtrusively, as
well as continuously, have they plied then-
labors toward making themselves homes and
farms for their comfort and support. More, than
this, they havesurrenderedtheirtribal relations
and availed themselves of provisions of law by-
entering the hody-politie and becoming voters
and faithful citizens. When the war broke
out they evinced their fidelity and loyalty by
enlisting in the military service of the Govern-
ment, and became famous as sharp shooters,
winning the commendations of their command-
ing officers and the gratitude of their country
for their brave and efficient deportment. By
gift of territory and gallant acts, and blood
shed in defense of our common country, they
have earned and merit the just consideration
of the Government they helped at peril of life
to defend.
What has the Government done to award
justice and protection to this class of its citi-
zens? Not one patent has been issued to these
Indians up to this day. In the face of repeated
requests and demands these Indians are left in
practical doubt as to whether they are ever to
have title and control of their lands uudertreaty
stipulations. What seems to tliern the more
strange, and calculated to excite their grave
apprehensions as to final rights, is the fact that
other purchasers ofadjoining Governmentlands
get their patents in due course of time, while
they, during the space of nearly fifteen years,
have not been able to obtain perfect title by
patent to one acre of their lands. This delay
and consequent doubt has become so notorious
throughout the State that persons in search of
lauds for homesteads or for speculation enter
upon these reservations not only, but actually
crowd off more or less of these Indians, and
take possession of all their improvements.
Conflict of possession and title has grown into
an embarrassing and serious question between
these contestant citizens, growing out of the
negligence of the Government and failure to
do justice to the poor Indian. Not alone does
this injustice affect the Indian and his rights,
but many innocent settlers, seeking homesteads
for themselves and their children, have gone on
to unoccupied portions of these reservations
and made more or less improvements with the
expectation of eventually holding them under
the homestead laws. The very delay of the
Government in issuing patents lias been con-
strued i.nto a lively expectation that, after all,
the Indian is to have no rights which the Gov-
ernment is bound to lespect.
15y reference to the terms of the treaty it-
will be seen that the Government stipulated
that the residue of these reservations unclaimed
at ihe expiration of the treaty in 18G5 shall be
thrown open to general entry. It was not
strange, therefore, that those in search of
homes, or investing for business purposes and
speculation, should have made selections of
such tracls as were not occupied or held under
and at the expiration of the treaty, and now
insist with pertinacity, under homestead or
other possessory claim, that these remaining
lands are rightfully theirs and that right they
will not willingly surrender. These bona fide
settlers should not be ousted. Thus it is seen
that the Government has not only dealt unlaw-
fully with the Indians, but, as a consequence,
in not fulfilling the stipulations of the treaty,
in patenting selected lands and throwing open
the balance to market, is dealing unjustly with
innocent, settlers and other of its citizens.
The public have a right to demand that the
Indians' rights should be protected, the settlers'
claims respected, and that the remainder of
these lauds should then be open to public
entiy.
And I may add in this connection that not
only are the rights of Indians and other settlers
jeopardized and embarrassed, but the rest of
the people in the vicinity of these reservations
are seriously incommoded and their prosperity
in great measure arrested. These Indian res-
ervations rest, like an incubus upon the set-
tlement, growth, and development of resources
of the sin rounding country. Miles around them
feel the drawback, and the thrift and improve-
ments that mark other sections of similar lands
are here stifled and diverted by this great ob-
stacle to prospeiity. Conflict of interest and
title promotes discord and kindlesgreat asperity
of feeling among naturally well-disposed citi-
zens, and transformsthe vicinity into communi-
ties of wranglers and broilers, warring against
each other and retarding growth, simply be-
cause the Government pursues a policy so
detrimental to harmony and good citizenship.
Thus much, Mr. Speaker, I have deemed it
necessary to say to lay before the House the
exact condition of the land side of the question
before us, and I have done it not only to throw
light upon it, but with the hope that my feeble
words may in this connection arouse this branch
of the people's Representatives to demand relief,
and by our pertinacious voice compel the <Sov-
ernment to take immediate steps to correct and
right this crying wrong.
I am now brought to the moneyed aspect of
the treaty and what is thus justly due these
Indians, and the necessity for its prompt pay-
ment. I ask, therefore, that this amendment
be concurred in. It provides for the appro-
priation of $36,753 47 to cover the aggregate
difference between the value of payments made
in currency during the years 1803 and 1864
and the coin value of these amounts, due in
coin by treaty stipulations, with the five per
cent, interest agreed to be paid by that treaty.
It will be noted that the Department has inva-
riably asked and obtained appropriations in
coin for the payment of each installment of
said treaty. Prior to 1863 the Indians were
annually paid coin. During these years of
18G3 and 1864 the Government was in most
perilous circumstances, and needed every dol-
lar of aid to carry the country through the
most trying period of the late war, and did
net feel able to meet at the time what it had
previously done. These Indians willingly met
the necessity, and under such protest as would
reserve to them their ultimate rights accepted,
without murmur, currency for com so long a.,
the Government felt compelled to do this, even
though currency was very much depreciated by
the advance of coin. The small payment each
received in currency—then made a pittance
by depreciation—was cheerfully taken with th«
assurances of Government agents, and belief
in a just Government that the difference would
be, made up to them as soon as that Govern-
ment was extricated from its great peril and
able to meet what was then withheld.
Since 1864 each annual appropriation has
been made in coin, and the value of that coin
made up into currency and so paid to these
Indians. By payment of coin directly prior to
1863 and proximately since 1864—by adding
the difference of value of coin over currency
to the amount in currency paid—the Govern-
ment has fully recognized the obligations of the
treaty and the duty of payment in coin or its
equivalent. Has the Government the right,
therefore, to longer refuse to make up this dif-
ference for the years 1803 and 1864? This
amendment we are now considering provides
for that difference. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and
the Senate, have joined in recommending its
payment now. The Indian agent of Michigan,
Major Long, has also labored with great zeal
and fidelity to bring about this act of justice.
Will this House ignore this favorable expres-
sion and this long withheld justice and enter
such a dishonorable precedent of repudiation
as to refuse to meet what no one can deny is
justly due these Indians? I cannot believe it.
There is no question whatever of the obliga-
tion of the Government. It lias repeatedly
recognized it. The amount is actually due the
Indians. They are not claimants, but creditors
of the Government. Why deny obligation to
pay? Why hesitate to be just? The bonds of
the Government issued during the war, and
taken by European and American capitalists
at one half their coin value, now risen to par,
are, by solemn resolutions of political conven-
tions, by the courts and the decision of tho
executive officer of the Treasury, declared pay-
able, principal and interest, in coin. This just
judgment is upon a bond of the Government.
What shall be said on a solemn treaty of the
nation with like stipulations? Will you pay
one and repudiate the other? It is just such
omissions of duty and other kindred aggres-
sions upon the rights of Indians that involve
the Government in complications ou our bor-
