4062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
As the appropriation is entirely exhausted, prompt
action on the part of Congress will be necessary to
enable the salaries due and unpaid for the last
month at most of the ports to be paid.
My letter of the 4th of April is herewith returned.
X have the honor to be, very respectfully, &c.,
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
Sect etary.
Eton. Lot M. Morrill, Chairman Committee on Appro-
priations,' United States Senate.
0 c*5 o
3 cr.rr^
ft-3 K
w© O : O
° 2 £T: H,
1 f B:; f.
J-4 CO pi CO-4
co^tocooo
WO'lO-l
CIOCO <X>S£
Qif--Io05
Wffl «©«£> to
rfiOOMHO
j^SoSsi:
to H-* to «
© f P 3 (6
=3 Sg-g-^
OS as Kl
11,0 © . o
m*
W : P : :
>*•  -D -7 -7 O
Ce+M.,c£
(-0 O t—i w i „0
t*22
5 *
JHICO
-CTlrpO
-"Oc5,-f
CO-lOiO'sO
OW^iOO
— u'OOJi.
Cn~3fC5hi-o
MCSOOM
CO CO 00 CO 00
W52
5 o
era
9
§
"C-"
Roccipts from customs fornix months ending T>ecem-
her 33,1868 S8G.ii37.057 43
11(1001 |)ts from customs for six months
ending December 31, 1Su9  93,907,008 86
Increase of receipts of 1SG9 over 18GS  67,270,011 43
Expenditures for six months ending Dceember 31,
ioob      <32 Y'^() (35,"j g(3
Expenditures for six months ending
December 31,1869  3,230,067 01
Jncjoase of expenditures of 1SG9 over ~
1808  £504,Oil IS
Mr. BEAMAN. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish some
explanation of this. If I understand the deficit
nore it is .VI,426,000. Lot me remark, in the
first place, no way can be worse than this way
of adding these enormous amendments of the
Senate to the deficiency bill, when there is no
opportunity for discussion, and when the re-
porter of the bill has the right, as now, to de-
mand the previous question, 'and cut,' off all
debate. I wish to ask whether this $1,420,000
impropriated for the purpose of custom-house
collections has not been expended without
Jaw? If not, then why its introduction into
the deficiency biii?
_ Mr. iiiuA yiA X. I understand that this defi-
ciency has been growing up since 18C.6. There
has been a deficiency from year to year since
1800,
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, Let me remark
here that this-is a very bad way, and what is
worse, these documents reported last year an
expenditure over the appropriation by Congress
of $934,000; or, in other words, they have
exceeded our appropriations $994,000, show-
ing the greater bulk of this deficit has been last
year.
Mr. BEAMAN. The whole matter is ex-
plained in the papers which have been read
much better than by anything I can say, and I
therefore demand the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. You will not
gain any time by not allowing a fair discussion.
Mr. BEAMAN. I supposed the gentleman
had got through.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. No, sir. I
wish to understand this, for it is all new tome.
The. appropriations last year for the customs
collections of the revenue were $4,200,000.
This is an addition of $1,426,000. The excuse
for itin the documents read to the House is that
there has been an excessive amount of duties
collected, to the amount of some $7,000,000,
and therefore the necessity for an addition to
the force. 1 have only to say, so far as my
knowledge of the administration of the cus-
tom-houses is concerned, the custom-house
officers are so numerous in some places .that
they overrun each other, and in other places
they are actually incompetent for theperlorm-
ance of their duties. It seems to me, if the
Secretary of the Treasury were as economical
as he might have been, there would have been
a decrease of expense instead of an increase,
and there would have been no necessity tor
calling upon Congress for this addition of
$l,42ti,000 of deficiency. Let me suggest t.0
the gentleman from Michigan that for a thor-
ough understanding of this subject it be laid
over until these documents have been printed
and we can look into them.
Mr. BEAMAN. I am willing to take the
judgment of the House, and therefore demand
the previous question.
Mr. FARMS WORTH. I see an item of
$30,000 for counsel fees in addition to the fees
to district attorneys. Can the gentleman refer
us to some of these special cases?
Mr. BEAMAN. 1 cannot.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Have these extra
counsel fees all been paid in Washington?
Mr. BEAMAN. No, sir; but all over the
country.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Where we have dis-
trict attorneys ? 1 have heard various rumors
of the employment of counsel in the city of
Washington at enormous fees under the Attor-
ney General. In the papers it has been stated
that a late Attorney General received $20,000
as counsel lees from the Government last year
in special cases. Does this cover those fees?
Mr. BEAMAN. I understand these expenses
were incurred all over the country in ferreting
out fraud and in the prosecution of violators
of law. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, demanded the
yeas and nays on the Senate amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
m the alBrmative—yeas 117, nays 46, not votiu"
09 ; as follows : °
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Amos, Armstrong, Arnell
Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Barry, Beaman, Ben-
nett, Benton, Bineham. Blair. Boies n„,„i
Oow es, Cullom, Davis. Dawes, Descner, t>ock"rv
Donley, Duval, jila, i'arnsworth, Fcrriss, I'mkeln-
biirg fisher iitch, ttMfiold, Oilfillaa, Hale,Hamil-
ton, Harris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Havs Iro-xr
Hooper. Ingersoll, Jcnekes, Alexander H.'Jones!
J urid. k n AV. K AlJn'vo- T, ,-.^1,.,.., rr.. _ <•
o if. Moore, Wi!'jam Moore, jflorpMs"£>inicl J.'
Or?Nr<P 1 D "• M:??rsJ %<Iey. O'Neill,
Oitn, Packed, Packer, Paine, Pec*, Peters, Ph.©]*)*
1 omeroy, i'orter, Brosser, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer:
k-ohoriok, Lionel A. Sheldon; Porter iSheirton, iilo-
cum, John A. Minth, William J. Smith Wort-bino-
ton G. fami th, WnliamSmyth, Starkweather, Stoked,
Stoughton, "Strickland, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman,
Townsend. Tyner, Upson, Van ilorn, Wallace, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Wilkinson, Willard, Willi-ims,
and Wi nans—117.
inson,uox, iMtiringe, J* ox, uetz. imgnt, uamoiocon,
Hamill, llofiin,Hill. Ilohrian, Johnson, Keir, Knott,
Kiu
StlMu^i, vi nyi'uc.v , x. iiiuuiw. huiu,
Wilson, Winchester, und Witcher—46.
NOT VOTING—Mcsm-s. Admins, Ambler, Banks,
Barnum, Beutty, Beck. Bowen, Buck. Backiey. Rod-
erick K. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill,
WHliamT. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Clinton
L. Cobb, Cornier, Cox, Dickey, Dixon, Dyer, Ferry,
Gibson, Griswolcl, llaldeman, Heaton, Ilogc, llotch-
kiss, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Logan, Lynch, Mc-
Ivee, Muiigen, Newsbain, jN'iblnck, Palmer, Perec,
Plaft, Poland, Porter, Honda 11, Rogers, SanloiJ,
Sehumuker, thanks, Shober, Stevens. Stevenson,
Stone, Strong. Swann, Taflo, Twichell, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Van Wyck, Voorhees, Cadwalader C.
W ashburn, Wciker, Wheeler, Whitmore, John T.
Wilson, "Wood, and Woodward—70.
Sot be amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
During the roll-call,
^Mr. -N1BLACK said: My colleague, Mr.
Yooriieks, is paired with my colleague, Mr.
Julian", and both gentlemen are now absent
from the city.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Mr. BE AMEN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JtEt'OIlTICD JIAS3 \CltK ISRAELITES.
Mr. WINCHES TEE. I ask the unanimous
consent of (he Houee to offer the following
resolution for consideration at the present
time :
That the House of Representative? of
the United Stats" learns, with profound regret and
disapproval, ol the gross violations of the givpt
principle of religious liberty by somo of the people
oi J lie province of R-oumania, in Turkev, in their lato
persecutions and outrages against the Israelites, and
hereby express tne earnest hope that they will
speedily cease.
Mr. SCHENCK. I should like to know if
there is any authority for the alleged facts
referred to in that resolution except a little
paper which has been laid upon our desks this
morning? It may be remembered that we
have had two or three hoaxes in regard to the
City of Boston and other matters, and I think
we should proceed in ainatter of this kind with
caution. I move that the jesolution be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Atfairs,
with the right to report on it at any lime.
The eommit'.ee may make inquiry as to the facts,
and if necessary report to morrow.
Hie motion to refer the resolution to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs wa3 agreed to.
INTEItNAL TAX Bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now demand the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the internal tax bill.
Mr. BU fLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
the^question to which he rises.
_ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
instructed by the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion to report back the bill of the House, with
Senate amendments, for the recons!ruction
of Geoigia, and to ask the present action of the
House upon it.
i he SPEAKER. The question to which
the gentleman from Massachusetts rises is of
no higher privilege than the bill which is occu-
pying the attention of the House. The Geor-
gia bill can oniy bo reached by postponin^the
internal fax bili. The Chair cannot recognise
tno gentleman from Massachusetts as having
any higher privilege.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand that the tax
wins now before the House.
The SPEAKER, it is; and being before
