1230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
of Representatives. Benjamin F-, Hopkins,
late a member of this House from the State of
• Wisconsin, is no more. After a long and pain-
ful illness, he died at his late residence, in the
city of Madison, on the 1st of January last.
Upon the adjournment of the first session of
this Congress, iu April last, there went forth
from this Hall no one of us giving better
promise of a return, nay, of many returns and
of long and vigorous labor here, than did Mr.
Hopkins. But the time of our reassembling
found hitu stretched upon the couch of anguish;
and the birthday of the new year, which was
wont to make his splendid mansion on the banks
ot Lake Meadota the scene of rejoicing aud of
a princely hospitality, found it iavwied by the
angel of death and Hying the sable banner of
mourning.
Benjamin Franklin Hopkins was bom at
Hebron, Washington county, in the State of
New York, on the 22d of April, 1829. His
advantages of early training and education were
good, but not what would be considered first
rate. He waa not a graduate, nor, so tar as 1
can learn, ever a student of any college or
university; but, to the credit of the public
schools of his native town, he acquired an
education in the useful and the practical, and
a discipline of mind that would reflect honur
upon the proudest alma mater.
He emigrated to Wisconsin in 1849, and
shortly afterward, perhaps iu the same year,
settled at Madison, the State capital, which
he ever after made his home.
Mr. Hopkins studied no profession, but
upon arriving at his majority engaged iu active
business pursuits, and as manager of one of the
pioneer telegraph lines of the West he estab-
lished a reputation as an able and sagacious
business man; and such was his success in this
and other Qnterprises which he founded, and
which survive him as monuments of his saga-
city and foresight, that he accumulated a large
fortune; and although contributing largely of
his means to both public and private chari-
ties, and devoting the latter years of his life to
the unprofitable business of politics, he leaves
his family in affluent circumstances.
Air. Hopkins was not a great reader of books,
but a great reader of men, a profound student
of human nature, and possessed iu a large de-
gree that rare gift which enables the political
leader to combine the elements of success. He
entered active political life in 1856, as private
secretary to Governor Bashford, of Wisconsin,
an^ .he .has always been regarded as justly
entitled ;to a large share of the credit of the
success of that officer's administration, and of
U e ascendency of the Republican party in that
State. He after w aid served for three years
iu the Legislature of his State, aud was elected
a member of this body in 1866. Taking his
seat on this floor at the commencement of the
Fortieth Congress, Mr. Hopkins soon acquired
an influence, and won a place in the confidence
and esteem of his fellow-members, scarcely
equaled in thehiatory of this body. And such
was the discharge of his duties to the country
ana to hia constituents that he received the
evidence of thejr approval in a unanimous
renominatioh, and an election to the Forty-
First Congress by an.unusual majority.
The year 1869 was one of death's fruitful
harvests of statesmen, scholars, and philan-
thropists ; his sheaves lie strewn all over the
land. But satiety is not one of his attributes ,*
and scarce had the sou passed his meridian,
ushering in the new year, so full of hopes and
of fears, than another sheaf had been gathered
in tofche galflier, than whom we shall miss none
more than1 he. ■ And while we mourn his loss
let us not forget that yet a little while and we
too shall follow him.
_ Mr. Speaker, I offer the following resolu-
tions :
«tkh<$Housetas Beard with profound
meXr r r hf-odiVWh Bwa- ft F. Hopkins, late a
fcBouse frpS? l>e State of Wisconsin.
Xt olved, That, u a markofr<*p«t to the memory
at the deceased, the members of this House will wear
the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Retained, That, as a furthermarkof respect for the
deceased, the House do now adjourn.
HetoloecL, That the Clerk communicate these reso-
lutions to the Senate; and transmit a copy of the
same to the widow of the deceased.
'• Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, in accord-
ance with the arrangement of the delegation
of our State, I rise to second the resolutions
presented by my colleague. The occaaion is
to me one of deep solemnity. Death has again
invaded our ranks and made vacant another
seat in this Hall. Again we are called upon
to pay the last solemn rites at the grave ot' a
departed comrade. This time the insatiate
i tyrant has tnade'his selection from the Repre-
| sentatives of the State of Wisconsin. Capri-
cious, arbitrary, unrelenting, following no
known law, he has not laid his palsying hand
ji upon the oldest, the one of feeblest health, or
[ upon him whose hold on life seemed the weak-
| est, but upon the youngest, the one who a few
: months ago appearedthfe most robust, the most
; v igorous, and as having the promise of longest
I life. Death is indeed an unfathomed and
unfathomable mystery! His dark confines
must be entered to be explored. To know
11 demh is to give op life.
i Benjamin P. Hopkins, the late Eepresent-
| ative of the second district of Wisconsin, is
j dead. He died in the full maturity and strength
; of his manhood. He was only a little- past
; forty years of age; and from his apparently
l strong constitution,, his early successes in life,
I and the influential and honorable position to
! which he had already attained, he might well
| have anticipated a bright and successful future
; 6f many years. But the Almighty Disposer of
all our lives had determined otherwise. The
time for him to work on earth had passed.
His highest earthly honors were achieved.
The hour of his departure upon that journey
that knows no return had Come. He had filled;
the measure of his days and reached the re-
corded "moment'fixed in the eternal record of
God when he must die. Solemn hour I Fear-
ful moment! Uncertain, but sure to confront
us all f
Mr. Speaker, in political sentiment I never
had any sympathy or accord with Mr. Hop-
kins. He belonged to a Whig family, and was
himself a Whig in early life, and was always
opposed to the party to which I was attached.
He was a strong man in his party in the State
of Wisconsin. Almost from his advent into the
State, when he had but just reached his major-
ity, he took rank and maintained it among the
leaders. He had capacity and skill as an or-
ganizer. Very much of his party's success and
power in the State is, in my opinion, attrib-
utable to his prudence, sagacity, and judgment
as a party leader. He had great energy, courage,
and faith, and readily comprehended the means
by which to accomplish his ends.
How widely and utterly I have differed from
him, and how my own sense of patriotic duty
has led me to oppose and deprecate the meas-
ures and course of the party with which he
remained and acted, is well known. No one
knew of this difference of political sentiment
better than he. Often have we1 calmly and
earnestly, but without bitterness, discussed'it.
This is not, however, the time or the occasion,
nor have I • the heart, over the grave of my
friend,' to challenge or criticise his political
opinions, however erroneous I may believe
tnem to have been. That they were with him '
sincere and honest convictions I have no reason ;
to doubt. The acts of both of us upon the
great questions of the day are a part of the
history of the country, and must be left to the
judgment of mankind.
Mr. Hopkins and myselffor more than twenty
years were personal friends; and it is a great
comfort and consolation to feel here to-day, as
I lay this my humble offering upon his bier,
that no asperity or bitterness of political feel-
ing ever sundered or weakened the mutual ties
of personal friendship and personal confidence
I became acquainted with him personally in
the year 1849, about a year after inv settle-
ment in the State of Wisconsin. Our'farniJies
had been acquainted before; and when lie left
Washington couuty, New York, to seek a home
in the West, he came, because of this family
acquaintance, directly to my house. He had
made up his mind to settle in Wisconsin but
had not determined at what point he would
locate. He was then scarcely twenty-one years
i of age, but he had had considerable business ex-
j perieuce and seemed older than his years. He
was full of high hopes ; young, ambitious, and
eager to grapple with the stern realities of life.
He had received from his father or accumu-
lated for hiuiself a few hundred dollars, which
he invested temporarily under my advice. He
: remained but a short time at Fond du Luc. but
i long enough for me to see that he possessed
| business talents and qualifications of no ordi-
ii nary kind, and long enough for me to discover
that.he needed in financial matters no advice
or assistance from me. It was during this pe-
riod that our acquaintance ripened into friend-
ship. which I trust lasted during all the active
and busy years that have since passed, inter-
rupted only by litis death.
On leaviug Foud du Lac he made his final
settlement at Madison, the capital of our then
young and growing. State. Here hie talent,
energy, and industry at once placed him in the
front rank of prosperous business men. He
was quick of apprehension, sagacious and far-
j seeing, and rapidly accumulated a handsome
j; fortune. He soon turned his attention to poli-
|j tics, and as rapidly rose to a position of power
; and influence iu his party, which he maintained
i| till his death. He held the position of private
!| secretary of the Governor in 186(5, and was
j believed by many, through the force of his intel-
lect and character, to have very largely influ-
enced, if he did not control, that administra-
! tion. He was afterward elected a member of
' the State senate and of theassembly, in both of
: which bodies he was an influential and distin-
guished member, and showed himself to be a
, legislator of more than ordinary capacity.- He
was twice elected a member of this House of
;l Representatives, and it is no disparagement to
his colleagues to. say that no one rose more
! rapidly or was held in higher esteem than he.
, He was here active, industrious, and faithful
\ to his State and district. He was always conrt-
\ eous, obliging, and ready to cooperate in any
matter affecting our State, whether his district
was particularly interested in it or not.
At home among bis neighbors Mr. Hopkins
was much beloved. He made very few enemies.
He.was kind-hearted, liberal, and generous;
ever ready to assist the poor, and foremost with
his money and influence to advance every pub-
lic enterprise. His name aud character will
be* part of the history of Wisconsin, and his
loss will be long felt and deeply deplored. His
life went.out almost as the new year came in.
It was short but eventful. Why he should have
been so soon removed is notgiven to us to know.
It may be best for him that he died as he did.
He died in his own home, in the midst of do-
mestic affections and domestic happiness. He
died with " the harness on," without the sor-
rows and infirmities of old age; with his judg-
ment' unimpaired, with his intellect unclouded,
and amid the plaudits of an approving, con-
stituency and friendsv
"That life is long which answers life's great end."
\ \ Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
j Speaker, I can hardly add anything to what
:j has been so well said in regard to. our deceased
colleague, Benjamin F. Hopkins ; yet I will
I not allow the melancholy occasion to pass with-
'! out bearing testimony to his many noble, gen-
erous, and manly qualities, and"to express the
j regrets which all who knew him here must
j feel that we shall see his face no more. _ Long
! a resident in the charming city in which he
