1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4063
the House it is of higher privilege than the
Georgia bill.
Mr. WARD. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will not press the Georgia bill
to-day.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts.' I would
not if the committee were not pressing it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state fur-
ther that the Committee of Ways and Means
were authorized to report at any time, atid the
right to report at any time carries with it the
right to consideration, and thatri,<;ht must hold
good until the majority of the House set the
bill nsidn.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the tax bill be set aside, with the view
of proceeding to the consideration of the
Georgia bill.
The SPEAKER. It is moved that the lax
bill be set aside. The question is not debata-
ble.
The question was put on the motion to set
aside the tax bill, and it was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The internal tax; bill is
before the House. Yesterday the previous
question was seconded and the main question
ordered on sections thirty-five to forty-three,
inclusive, relating to the income tax, with
pending amendments ; and the question is first
on the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, [.Mr. Cox.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I had supposed that the question pend-
ing before the House at this time was on the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] to the forty-fourth sec-
tion.
The SPEAKER. It is not; evidently not.
The House ordered the previous question on
sections thirty-five to forty-three, inclusive, and
then ordered that action on those sections and
the pending amendments should bo postponed
until this morning, for the purpose"of having
the amendments printed, and proceeded to con-
sider section forty-four; and before proceeding
further Ihe House adjourned.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Was not the previous
question seconded on the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky?
The SPEAKER. It was not; and even if it
had been, it would not have excluded the oper-
ation of the previous question on the preceding
sections.
Mr. BECK. A division washadon ray amend-
ment, and the result announced; and the yeas
and nays were called for and ordered.
Mr. PA RNS WOUTI-I. I desire to make an
inquiry of the Chair. On account of the dis-
order in the Hall I have been unable to hear
what has been going on. 1 understand that
something was said about the Georgia bill. I
desire to know if that bill cannot be reported
under the rule?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire that the report
of the Globe maybe read on the point which I
made. •
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first an-
swer the question of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Farxsworth.]' The regular order
of business having been called, the internal
tax bill was before the House. The gentleman
from Massachusetts, the chairman of the select
Committee on Reconstruction, rose and claimed
as a question of privilege that he should report
the Georgia bill. The Chair could not recognize
lhat as a question of higher privilege than the
question now occupying the attention of the
House. The gentleman from Massachusetts
then moved that the pending bill be laid aside,
to allow the consideration of the Georgia bill.
The question ^ras put, and a division having
been taken by a sound vote, the Chair decided
that the. noes had it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now desire to know
when it will be in order, as a question of privi-
lege, to report the Georgia bill?
The SPEAKER. As soon as the pending
bill is disposed of.
Mr. B UTLER, of Massachusetts. I suppose
it will be in order whenever it is moved at the
proper time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And now, in regard to the
point whicl^I made, with entire respect for the
opinion of the Chair upon the question as he
understands the facts, I think the Chair is mis-
taken. I ask that the Globe be read, to show
what is the state of the question. •
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin makes the point of order that the first
thing to be considered in the tax bill is section
forty-four, with the amendment of the gentle-
man from Kentucky. The Chair has overruled
the point of order, because yesterday, when the
House had ordered the previous question on fhe
sections relating to the income tax, it passed
from those sections, merely for the sake of con-
venience, in order that the amendments thereto
might be printed and with the view of return-
ing to those sections this morning. Before the
House had disposed of section forty-four it
adjourned. And the Chair this morning, find-
ing that the amendments are printed, necessa-
rily enforces the understanding and order of
the House that the sections shall be disposed
of in their order. The Clerk will read the iirst
amendment.
ilr. ELDRIDGE. I request that the Globe
or the Journal maybe read, for I think the
Chair is laboring under a misapprehension.
The SPEAKER. The Chair never takes
the Globe on points of order. The Globe is
no authority whatever on points of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not ask lhat it be
read on the point of order, but as to the ques-
tion of fact.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be read even
as to a point of fact. The Chair knows pos-
itively what he has stated ; and, moreover,
he knows precisely what the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means meant, and ho
admits of no appeal from that, unless, indeed,
the gentleman appeals from his decision.
Mr. BECK. I rise to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. The record shows that upon my
amendment a division was had, and the ayes
were 90 and the noes 05. Before the result
was announced Mr. Allison moved to adjourn.
Is it not important now to complete that vote
or to have it declared ?
The SPEAKER. Not as important as it is
to complete that on which the House ordered
the main question, which was on sections from
thirty-five to forty-three, inclusive.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the Chair allow me
to say that I asked the Iluuse yesterday to
consent unanimously that those sections which
had been under consideration and the amend-
ments thereto might be laid over informally
until this morning, in order thai the amend-
ments might ho printed? I took it for granted
that they would come up first thing this morn-
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read what
the Journal says in regard to this matter. .
The Clerk read as follows :
" Mr. St'iin-rcr; demanded tho previous question on
■sections thirty-jh-c, tlnrty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-
cighi, thii ty-ninc, i'uriy, foity-ouu, forty-two, uiltt
lorty-t'nrec, winch w:is seconded and tho miin ques-
tion ordered; when, by unanimous consent, the fur-
ther consideration oil he said sections and f tie amend-
ments sui ;mitted thereto was postponed until lo-mor-
row, and the amendments ordeied to be printed."
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed,
moreover, that the Globe entirely sustains this ;
but the Chair declines to have it read, because
he v/iil not admit that the Globe can be quoted
against his own recollection and his own de-
cision. The Clerk will read the first amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from New i'ork,
[Mr. Cox.]
The Clerk read as follows :
Amend section thirty-five, line two, by striking
out "Ihc" ami iiibcrting "three;" so taut it will
ve:>d:
SbC. o-5. And hf> it further enoctcd, That there shall
be levied and collected annually a tax ot three per
cent, upon the gains, profits, and income of evciy
person residing1 in the United States, «tc.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
89, noes 84.
Mr. BOYD called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the alfirmative—yeas 11 i, nays 77, not voting
S9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, Armstrong*.
Axtell, Ay or, Banks Barry, Beck, Bennett, Biggs,
Jjmsrhom. Bird, Bon-en, Geoige M. Brooks, Jmnes
Brooks, Butuuton, Burr. Sidnev Clarke, Cleveland,
1 ..nriuln i 1.1 ti?I i-io A., .... ..     
JlamWeton, ltamitl, Ilnmillon, Harris, fleflm, jliil*
lloar, Lolraan, llooper, llotehkiss, Jeuckps,Johnson*
Judrl, KeUey, Kellogg, Kerr, lvetchAm, Kuupp, Laf-
Im. Lawrence, Lynch, Mayham. McCarthy, McGrew,
MeKenzic, McNocly, Milnes, William Moore. Mor-
gan, Daniel J. Alorrell. Moiris&ey, Myer?, Ncgley,
ATewsham, Nibbtek, O'Neill, Orth, Packor, Perce,
Peter?, Porter, Potter, Prossor, Randall, Ileeves,
llidgway, Sargent, Sawyer, Scoiiekl, Porter Sheldon,
Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevenson. Stiles, Stone, Strader,
Strong, Swami, Sweeney, Tanner, Taylor, Townsend,
Trimble, Twicliell. Upson. William B. Washburn,
Wolkor, WelK Wheeler. John T. Wilson, Winans,
Winchester, and Wood—Hi.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Arnell, Asper, Atwood,
Baii^y, Boaman. Boatty, Benjamin, Benton, Blair,
Bole.s Booker, Boyd, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin
y. Bailor. Itodoriek 11. Butler, William T. Clark,
Auiasa Cobb, Ooburn, Ooolc, Conger, Crebs, Cullom,
J)oi kory, KU, F.imsworth, Garfield, Gibson, Hale,
Hawkins, llavrlev. Hay, Hays, Ingorsol], Alexander
11. Jones Kelsoy, Lash, Levis, Logan, Loughridge,
Mar-hall, Maynard, MoCormiek, McOrary, Morcur,
K'rikiin IJ.Muorc, JesseII.Moore, Morphis, Samuel
P. iUomli, Packard, Paine, Peek, Phelps, Pomeroy,
Jlico, Root>, Seiieiu-k, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod,
John A. Smith, William .1. Smith, William Smvfch,
Stokes, Srou'diton, Strickland. Tillman, Tyner, Van
Aukon, Van llom, Wallace. Ward, Wilkinson, WU-
lard, WiljiainOOu&'cno M. Wikou, and Witeher—77.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Barnurn, Buck.
Buckley, Cake, Calkin. Cessna, Churchill, Clinton L.
Cobb, Conner, Cox, Dickov, Dixon, Dyer, Ferry,
Haldeman. lleaton, Ilojrc, Thomas L.Jones, Julian,
Knot!, JUeKee, Munjren, Palmer, Piatt, Poland,
Rogers. Saniord, Sehumaker, Shanks, Shober, Ste-
veri"\ Taffe, Van Trump, Van Wyek, Voorhces,
Cadwalnder C. Washburn. Whitmore, and Wood-
ward— oH.
So I he amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WOODWARD. I- came in just after
the last name on the roll was called. Can I
record tnv vote ?
The SPEAKER. Not under the rule.
Mr. WOODWARD. Then I will state that
had F been here when my name was called I
would have voted in the affirmative on the
amendment just adopted.
Mr. CLEVELAND and Mr. GRISWQLD
asked, and obtained, leave to have printed in
the Globe, as apait of the debates, some re-
marks which they had prepared on the subject
of the income tax. [See Appendix.]
The u<;xt. amendment was one moved by
Mr. Uawjxv, to increase the amount exempted
from the operation of the income tax from
as provided in the bill, to $2,500; to
which Mr. IIale had moved an amendment to
make the amount $2,000.
The question was taken on the amendment
to the amendment; and upon a division it was
agreed to—ayes 111, noes 45.
The question recurred upon the amendment
as amended, to make the exemption $2,000
instead of SI,500.
Mr. JUDD. There is an amendment pend-
ing, moved by the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr, Eia. j to make the exemption
£1,200. Would it not be better to vote upon
the lowest sum first?
The STBAKEll. The amendments must be
voted on in the order in which they are printed.
If any amendment when reached shall have
bceoiiio unparliamentary, because of the pre-
vious action of the House, of course it will fall.
1 he question was then taken on the amend-
ment as amended ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 12o, noes <15.
Bim'oiv 1 ho result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WALM) called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken; and it was
decided m the affirmative—yeas 138, nays 52,
not voting 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Allison, Archer, Armstrong, At-
wood, A xtcli, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Beaman,
Leek, Bennett, Biwrs.Bird, Boles, Bow™ tfftorp« W.
Brooks, James Brooks. Bufiinton, Burehard, Biur,
