1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1231
breathed his last and of the district he so ably
represented,he brought with hiui here the confi-
dence and esteem of that most enlightened con-
stituency. and never disappointed their just
expectations. His principles were well founded.
Loving the country of his birth and its institu-
tions with the deepest affection, he pursued
with energy and fidelity such measures as in
his judgment were best calculated to promote
its prosperity and honor, and to protect alike
tlie rights of the lofty and the lowly. Of man-
ners mild, genial, and courteous ; of a temper
kind and conciliating in the highest degree;
with a haud ever open to the calls of charity,
he won the respect and attachment of those
who differed with him in opinion : aud though
earnest, indefatigable, and generally success-
ful in his political efforts, and as a consequence
sometimes bearing down opposition in a man-
ner calculated to create deep and lasting feel-
in", I believe that he left none behind that
now entertain toward him an unkind thought
or bitter recollection. When he last left these
Halls it was with the prospect of long life and
a brilliant career before him; but he is gone
ia the strength of his manhood and the matur-
ity of his intellect; not dead, we trust, but
gone before, traveling the road that all must
When his eyes opened for the last time on !
tbe earth and the sky they fell upon a home
surrounded by all that could make life desira-
ble; the brothers and sisters of his childhood
were with him, and the sharer of his joys and
the solace of his griefs stood by him, striving
as the one that could best do it to assuage the
bitter pains of parting life. The last earthly
sounds that fell upon his ear were toues of
sympathy, of kindness, and affection; tones
that ceased not even when they sought to
"soothe the dull, cold ear of death."
If human efforts could have availed, if de-
voted affection and care, if constant, unending,
self-sacrificing devotion, triumphing over ex-
hausted nature through long and patient vigils,
if the earnest prayers of " troops of friends"
could hare saved his life, he would long have
been spared to his family and the friends who
now deplore his death and to the country which
he served.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I come to lay
upon the grave of my departed colleague a
wreath woven with the haud of a warm affec-
tion and bedewed with the tears of a personal
grief. I met him first in the month of April of
the year 1861, that memorable month of a mem-
orable year. The storm of war, which had long
darkened our southern horizon, had just burst
upon Sumter, and patriots were gathering in
hot haste at the capitals of the loyal States to
enroll themselves in those grand armies which
were destined, after years of bloody conflict
and shifting fortunes, to restore the national
flag to Sumter and the other captured forts
and places of the Republic. It was fortunate
for our country that the great struggle of 1860
had inaugurated in the loyal States Governors
whose hearts and arms were equal to the ter-
rible emergency which they suddenly encoun-
tered. As if in anticipation of the approach-
ing contest, Providence had given to those
States Governors molded for revolutionary
times. In this good fortune Wisconsin was
eminent among her sister States. Her Chief
Magistrate wrought out for himself a record so
fall of honorable and patriotic works that not
all the bitter waters of later political strife have
eflaced it from the hearts of her grateful peo-
ple. The thunders of Sumter had not yet died
away on our ears when his voice, as a trumpet,
called us to arms under the old flag for the
overthrow of treason and the salvation of the
Republic.
As I look back through the long vista of
bloody years marked with battles and suffer-
'ngs and toils, and strewn with patriots' graves,
and call to mind the noble army of martyrs
from my own State who have fallen—many,
oh ! how many of them my own friends and at
my own side—and remember the lofty spirit
with which those stalwart sons of Wisconsin
flew to arms at the summons of their corn-
mander-in-chief, pride swells my heart though
my utterauce is choked with grief. Ah ! how
many who now sweetly sleep in the faithful
soldier's grave jostled each other then, as they
ranged themselves in his battalions, lest others
should be taken and they themselves be left.
I shall never forget the hopeful courage, the
incessant toil, the rare talent, the manly read-
iness to take and discharge responsibilities
which marked the administration of the Gov-
ernor of Wisconsin at the outbreak of the great j
rebellion. Foremost among his trusted advisers
stood the strong and earnest patriot whose
death we now deplore. The rapidity and com- ]
pleteness with which our troops were organ-
ized and equipped were occasion for pride and
satisfaction to the patriotic people of our own
State, and challenged the admiration of those
States through which they marched and of
those troops with whom they served. In the
zeal and patriotism and sagacity and ready
resources of our lost colleague the Governor
of Wisconsin found aid which cannot be easily
estimated, which could not have been well
spared. In recognition of his services he has
spoken these words •
" During the wholo of my two terms of service
as Governor of Wisconsin Ivery often advised with
him, not only upon matters of State interest, but
upon questions of public policy. He was always
sagacious, and, while prudent in determining a
propercourse of action, was alwaysbold in execution
of what was deemed wise to be done.
"At the outbreak of the rebellion he was of great
service to meand to theState. Hewasuntiringin his
efforts to arouse the people to the exigencies that
were upon us. He spent much time and much of his
own meaffi, without hesitation or faltering, in gather-
ing in the Wisconsin troops, and urging forward
enlistments for the war, He was always ready, at
my summons, by night or day, to leave his own pri-
vate business to attend the public service. I was
indebted to no man not in public office more than
to him. You know how active and efficient he was
during all the exciting times in which the rebellion
was introduced, lie was never discouraged; but loyal,
patriotic, and devoted to his country, never doubted
the final triumph of the armies of the Union. He
was agood citizen, public-spirited, generous,liberal,
charitable. To want his hand was always open. To
suffering he was tender as a child. I knew him well.
I appreciated him as a friend, and 1 teel sad over
hisloss."
I was a personal observer of the services
which he performed.. In the duties which then
devolved on me I received the most earnest
and effective assistance at'his hands. In those
days of doubt and darkness when the Chief
Magistrate of the Commonwealth was com-
pelled to choose from untried men the leaders
of his untried regiments, my colleague hon-
ored me, unsolicited, with friendly offices so
generous and kind that I should be unworthy
of my manhood could I withhold from his
memory the warm affection of a grateful heart.
Since that time my friendship for him, a3 well
as for the Chief Magistrate whose coadjutor he
was, has been heartfelt and constant; for it
was cemented by a common sympathy in a
holy cause ; it was crystalized in common cares
and toils; it was intensified by kindly offices
and generous deeds.
I mourn for a departed friend. Others have
narrated his public services, his private bene-
factions. Others have borne witness to his
extraordinary gifts of intellect, and to the kind-
ness of his heart. Others deplore the loss of a
sagacious statesman, a sterling patriot, a public-
spirited citizen, and a thoughtful legislator. In
their regrets I too join. But more than that, I
bid farewell to a friend. The statesman dies,
and the great wave of life closes over hini as
the sea closes over the pebble dropped into
her bosom. A few circling ripples chase each
other away, and all is over. Others come to fill
the vacant place and turbulent life rushes on,
forgetful of the dead and of the past. But when
the friend falls, who can suffer the letheau wave
to close over him smooth and silent forever ?
Not I; not I. So long as gratitude shall find a
lodgment in my heart I shall remember with
affection my departed friend.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, it was my
good fortune to have served in Congress with
our lamented friend whose demise has been
announced. In view of what has been said
no word is necessary from ine to advise the
members of this House of the virtues and mer-
its of the deceased; but, from the relations I
have sustained to him, I deem it proper to add
my concurrence in the merited tributes of
to-day, and to add a few, a very few words of
my own. A little more than a year ago I was
associated with him on a committee of this
House charged with an important investiga-
tion, and iu the discharge of its duties I there
learned to know aud love him as I had never
done before.
j Few men had greater natural ability or
i stronger common-sense, and to these were
added a culture which made him alike accom-
plished and useful. His grasp and force of
intellect, his faculty of comprehending all sub-
jects on which he was called to act, made him
a most able, valuable, and efficient member
of this House, as he was of the committee to
i which I have referred. Generous in his nature,
guided in all his purposes by an inherent and
instinctive sense of duty and of right, he had
within him all the elements of a noble soul,
and he died as he lived, the noblest work of
God—an honest man.
The question being taken, the resolutions
were agreed to. *
Accordingly, (at three o'clock and thirty-
five minutes p. m.,) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
; committees:
By Mr. ADAMS : A petition of citizens of
! Wayne county, Kentucky, praying for the abo-
! lition of the franking privilege.
! By Mr. ALLISON: A petition of citizens
of Kien, Buchanan county, Iowa, praying Con-
gress to abolish the franking privilege.
I Also, a petition of citizens of Scott Center,
; Iowa, for the same purpose.
By Mr. ASPER: The petition .of William
Brittain and 36 others, citizens of Half Rock
and vicinity, Mercer county, Missouri, asking
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Isaac M. Pattou, M. D.,
| and 40 others, citizens of Elteinville, Gentry
! county, Missouri, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of S. H. Martin and 20
1 others, citizens of Philander, Gentry county,
Missouri, for the same purpose.
i Also, the petition of Jabez Hunt, postmas-
, ter, and 36 others, citizens of Missouri, asking
i for the abolition of the franking privilege.
| Also, the petition of Neal Martin and 45
I others, citizens of Martinstown, Putnam coun-
i ty, Missouri, for the same purpose.
! By Mr. BLAIR: The petition of Darius
| Perrin and others, steel-spring makers at Mar-
shall, Michigan, for a reduction of duties on
steel*
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Charles S. Cahill and 28 others,
citizens of Lowell, Massachusetts, cigar maiiu-
j facturers, &c., praying that the former duties
i on imported cigars may be restored, and that
! no further reduction of duties be made thereon.
I By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial ot
Samuel Waddington and 21 others, citizens of
' Fall River, Massachusetts, praying tor an m-
i crease of duties on imported cigars.
By Mr. BURR: The petition of John Mat-
thews, mayor of Jacksonville, Illinois, for an
; amendment to Senator Sherman's bill, now
! pending in the House, so as to require the Sec-
i retary of the Treasury to issue $45,000,000 in
