1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
500T
ders which ripen into meshes of Indian war-
fare. Civilization should set better examples
than such a system of morals which an en-
lightened Government practices when arro-
gating the right to take from unoffending and
law-defending citizens just dues because they
are weak and defenseless, and that Govern-
ment strong and impregnable.
It behooves a great Government like ours not
to fall below petty sovereignties in its march
of national rectitude. J t ought to need no such
reminder as this, that Governments, in the long
run, rise or fall as they adhere to or relax from
the standard of justice. There is a philosophy
of politics as v.ell as of ethics that a nation
cannot safely di.-.iegard. In behalf of these
wailing tribes who have cast their fortunes
within the pale of citizenship, and appeal now
to rights common to all law-abiding citizens,
shall that appeal be in vain? Gould this
House have listened, as very few of our num-
ber did, to the simple but pathetic narrative
of the peaceful relations originally held and
broken only by the aggressions and outrages of
Government officers and employes, made by
Eed Cloud recently, in behalf of himself, his
delegation, and tribe, at his final council with
the Secretary of the Interior, their sympathies
would have been aroused and their sense of
justice invited by the picture he gave of the
treatment toward and the wrongs received of
the Government. It was the verification of
what is known to be true by those who best
understand the habits and character of the
Indian, that, naturally hospitable, generous,
and just; dividing with friends so long as they
have anything to share, they become shy,
treacherous, and murderous when their hospi-
tality is violated, their generosity outraged, and
the smoke of peace returned by cruelty and
the torch of desolation. No wonder that such
treatment causes the pipe to be changed into
the tomahawk. Then the cry is ''Indian
treachery,-' "wanton massacre," to be suc-
ceeded by organized militaiy foices for devas-
tation and annihilation. This is no exagger-
ation, Mr. Speaker, but the recital of what
veiy many know to be simple history. Sly
experience of the Indian is, (and I have been
thrown somewhat among them,) that treated
well and justly as human beings should be,
citizen or Government would never have occa-
sion to complain of or deal with Indian atroci-
ties. Animated by this belief, and assuming
that the committee are in accord, I most
urgently plead in behalf of national obligation,
treaty stipulation, Government faith, rights of
creditors, citizen fealty in war and pcace in
the name of justice, honor, morals, humanity,
and the dignity of a great nation, that this
relatively small sum be paid by concurrence
in Ihe amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. There are two items of
this character. The other is on page 40—an
appropriation to carry into effect the treaty
with the Pottawatomie tribe, the amount in-
volved being $t!7,S23. I think the gentleman
irom Michigan has correctly stated the manner
in which this demand arose. It presents a
question of principle which, of course, the
House will decide for itself. 1 merely desire
that the House shall undeistand in what the
principle consists. There was a period dar-
ing which, in our dealings with these tribes, we
paid them with currency instead of paying
them in gold. We had agreed by the treaties
to pay them in goid. But it seems to mo that
if we now say, after this lapsed time, that this
promise to pay in gold shall be redeemed by
making up the deficiency between the value of
the payment in greenbacks and the value of
the payment if it had been made in gold, we
make ourselves liable to bo called upon to do
the same thing with every creditor of the Gov-
ernment who was unpaid at the time we first
issued the legal tender currency.
It makes no difference, as regards the moral
aspect of the question, that the Government
had promised in writing that it would pay in
gold. There certainly was a promise of the
Government distinctly implied from its obliga-
tions that it would pay in gold all its creditors
up to the time that it issued greenbacks. That
principle would apply to every soldier and to
every pensioner. It would apply as well to those
tribes whose agents were not sharp enough to
procure express terms of this character in
their treaties with the Government. If there
is anything in the argument of moral obliga-
tion to which the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Ferry] refers we shall have to extend it
over a much greater number of cases. I think
the House should distinctly understand what
is the precedent which we are asked to estab-
lish by adopting the proposition of the gentle-
tleman from Michigan.
But there is another objection to this amend-
ment; it is in the nature of a deficiency item,
and is improperly put upon a bill making ap-
propriations only for the Indian service of the
next fiscal year. This is an old claim, and if
for damages sustained, it should be examined
by the Couitof Claims or by the Committee
of Claims. It is said that we failed to pay
these Indians the kind of money to which they
were entitled, and thereby they were damaged.
If that is so, then let the case be examined by
the Court, of Claims or by the Committee of
Claims, so that the House may have some re-
port upon the law as well as the facts on which
to act. But in any event, if the House should
act without the intervention of either the Court
of Claims or the Committee of Claims, then
the items should be put in a deficiency bill
and not upon a bill which is intended only to
make appropriations for the necessary expenses
for the next fiscal year. For these reasons the
Committee on Appropriations have recom-
mended that, the House non-concur in this
amendment.
Mr. FERRY. I desire to say but a word or
two further in reply to the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Sagoext.] The gentleman
said that it would be setting a bad precedent,
to concur in this amendment of the Senate. I
think it a very good precedent to pay our just
debts, and particularly the Indian creditors of
the Government. There is, I believe, but one
other case of this kind in this bill, that of the
Pottawatomies. By the very language of the
statute it is expressly stipulated that coin
should be paid to these Indians; and they
have been paid constantly in coin, except for
the two years named in the amendment. It
certainly would not be establishing a bad pre-
cedent for the Government to fulfill its obliga-
tions. And as this applies to but two cases, I
hope it will not be objected to. As I said
before, I think it is a very safe precedent for
us to establish to pay our debts, and to be
faithful to our obligations.
The question was upon concurring in the
amendment of the Senate, and being taken ;
there were, upon a division—ayes 22, noes 49 ;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ferry and
Mr. Sakoext were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes twenty two,
noes not counted.
Mr. BECK. I ask a separate vote on the
third amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was, under the heading
" Apaches, Kiowas, and Cotnanches," to strike
out the following :
Pol- tills amount, to be expended in such (roods,
provisions, and other articles as the President may
Irom time to time determine, including insurance
and transportation thereol, in instructing in agricul-
tural and mechanical puisuits, educating children,
procuring medicine and medical attendance, cafe for
and support at the aged, tacit, and infirm, for the
helpless orphans of said Indjniis, und in any other
respect to promote their civilization, comfort, and
improvement, s'50.000.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
for improvement of farm5 on which Apaches,
Kiowas, and Oomanches aie located in the Indian
country, and ior tho support ol schooio among them,
and other beneficent purposes, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, ^20,000.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary for the subsistence of the Arapaho,
Cheyenne, Apache, Kiowa, and Comanche Indians,
who have been collected and located upon the res-
ervations set apart for their use and occupation by
the treaties made with them in 18S7, $220,000.
For third of thirty installments, provided to bo
expended under the tenth article of tho treaty of
October 21,18S7, and under the third article of the
treaty of same date with the Apaches, $30,000.
For purchase of clothing under the same treaties,
$26,000.
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith, miller,
and engineer, So,200.
For pay of physician and teacher, $2,500.
For second of three installments, under same trea-'
ties, to be expended in presents to tho ten persons
o! the said tribes who, in the judgment of the agent,
may grow tho most valuable crops for the period
named, $">00.
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith, miller,
and engineer, for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1869, $5,200.
For transportation of goods, $7,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence in the amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. BECK. I move, pro forma, that this
amendment of the Senate be concurred in. It
is one of several amendments that involve the
question of difference between the House and
the Senate. Being a member of the Commit-
tee oil Appropriations, I have thought it my
duty to select the first amendment of the kind
and call for its consideration, in order that the
House, by its action thereon, may determine
whether it will stand by what it has done, or
whether it will agree with the Senate. It is
this question which is going to create, perhaps,
serious misunderstandingand difficulty between
the House and the Sefiate, and which may do
more to delay the adjournment of this session
than anything else now pending. Before this
bill goes to a committee of conference the
House ought to instruct the committee on the
part of the House what it shall do.
The House proposes in the clause now im-
mediately under consideration an appropria-
tion of §50,000; the Senate proposes to strike
thatoutand to insert appropriations, inaccord-
ance with provisions of the so-called treaties
of 1867, for $310,400. There are some fifteen
or twenty cases of this kind in the bill. In
other words, the points of difference between
the Senate and the House in reference to these
treaties involve nearly three million dollars.
In the Fortieth Congress this House refused
to ratify the recent treaties made with these
Indians; and at the first session of the Forty-
First Congress we passed a bill embodying that
refusal in deliberate form. The Senate sent
that bill back to us with all the treaties in-
serted, and in order to maintain our position
we were obliged to put $2,000,000 into the hands
of the President, to be disposed of at his dis-
cretion, in order that we might bridge over till
the present time this question as to these trea-
ties. The question is now before us again ;
and as this bill will certainly go to a commit-
tee of conference the House must either recede
from the position which it, took in the Fortieth
Congress and in the first session of the Forty-
First Congress, or it must- adhere to its posi-
tion, and instruct its committee to maintain
that position.
By the vote on the proposition now submitted
the House must determine what it will do, and
I for one will consider this vote as definitively
settling the principle in all this class of cases.
If the House should now decide to negative the
action of the Committee on Appropriations on
this subject, and accede to what the Senate has
done in the way of ratifying all these treaties,
which involve, as we all know, an expense in
the aggregate of not less than §60,000.000, let
that decision be expressed by the vote of the
House, and I have no doubt the conferees on
the part of the House will faithfully represent
the wishes of the House.
Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman will permit
me to interrupt him for the purpose of asking
him what the Committee on Appropriations
recommend in this bill. They have, of course,
fully examined the question.
