1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2175
on all hands—before the expiration of those
contracts, but after the law was passed, and
represented to them that it was absolutely vital
to himself and to his success that those con-
tracts should be renewed. Some few of the
companies renewed them. Most of them re-
fused to do it,. Now, if ho had under the law
a perpetual royalty upon the claims of the
miners conferred by the law itself and not by
the contracts, then there was no necessity for
him to go and try to get an extension of the
contracts. On the other hand, if liis right
depended only upon the contracts why, then, of
course- it was necessary for him to get them
extended. Now, he went upon the theory that
his rights depended solely upon the contracts,
and that he took nothing by this law except in
accordance with them. He thereby showed
that he himself, the promoter of the law, at
whose request it, was passed, understood that
he held only by the contracts, and did not
claim this construction. And this same ex-
planation of courso would apply to those who
at, his request voted for the law. 1 have been
informed by gentlemen who were on the former
Committee on Mines and Mining that when
this bill whs considered before that committee
the question was discusscd whether lie held
under The contracts or under the law ; and it
was entirely disclaimed that, he held anything
by law, except as aflirmiug those contracts and
according to their terms,
Now, that being the case, it ia inequitable,
as 1 have contended before, to come in at this
late day, when ho has broken every one of his
covenants and forfeited hist contracts, and claim
that Congress can make this immense, and, so
tar as the miners are concerned, this useless
tax upon their resources, for the benefit of
Sutro and his assigns, for a tunnel which docs
them no good, and which their own explora-
tions and facilities for transportation and drain-
ago have done away all necessity for. Sutro
came here, not according to his contracts, to
yet a subsidy. There is nothing said in those
contracts about his getting a Government sub-
sidy of $10,000,000 or $5,000,000. Uo was to
get subscribed by bona jldo subscribers a sum
of $8,000,000 the iirst year, lie was to sink
sbafiH at different points, and drift eaeh way.
I'et none of these had ho ever effected or com-
menced whon ho claimed this construction,
lie canto away and abandoned tho work and
uid nothing toward it. And then the com-
panies, having their patience worn out, and
believing Sutro to be an adventurer, tele-
graphed here that they did not, desire anything
to be done. Then they retired from the position
into which as they thought lu* had entrapped
them. Most of them refused to give further
aid to his project; and they were compelled
to do tho work themselves, ami have dune it.
They have done tho work, not, by constructing
a tunnel, but by building a railroad ; and the
only difference is that tho ore is transported to
the mills over tho surface of the ground instead
of through the bowels of the earth. The tun-
nel could have no employment in transporta-
tion if completed. It is not necessary for ven-
tilation, as those know who have penetrated
further into tho shafts of tho Comstoek lode
than the nerves of tho member from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kellky] permitted him to do. As
for drainage 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FERRISS. Iyield now for ten minutes
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kblley.]
Mr. KELLEY. I think that the proposition
of the minority of the committee presents to
the consideration of this House as gigantic a
wrong as over was submitted to the American
Congress. Two years ago every Represent-
ative from the Pacific coast agreed with the
men who are now attempting to destroy his
character and to rob him of his rights, in
thanking Adolph Sutro for the very character-
istics which they now present to the House in
order to brand him with odium. They thanked
him for his foresight and energy. They lauded
his genius and the perseverance he manifested
iu their interests and in the interests of that
young and growing section of the country, the
Pacific slope.
Sir, Adolph Sutro's name will live when we
who are legislating upon this subject shall be
forgotten, or known only to some student of par-
liamentary history. In the volume which I hold
in my hand, "The Mineral Resources of the
United States, and the Necessity of Inaugura-
ting a National System of Mining with Special
Reference to the Comstoek Lode and the Sutro
Tunnel," his name is embalmed by the miners
and peoploof the State of Nevada and of the
Pacilic coast, and associated with the most
eminent men of genius on the continent of
Europe. He has won his immortality iu the
service of the men who are now endeavoring
to strip him of his pecuniary reward and his
honors, and to associate his name historically
with that of Eli Whitney, as a man who, having
added to the wealth, the comfort, the pros-
perity of the American people, was doomed to
exhaust his life and die ill poverty.
Adolph Sutro, by bis correspondence, his
publications, and his travels, has made the
resources of Nevada and the Pacific slope
known to the miners of Europe, from the most
illustrious engineers down to the humblest
minor iu ihe drifts and galleries, lie told them
of the inexhaustible wealth of the Comstoek
lode and thegreatand divcise mineral deposits
of the Pacific coast. IIo raised our credit by
showing that in that one deposit, the Comstoek
lode, wo bad more silver than had ever been
found in a single deposit in any part of the
world. He showed ihe capitalists ot' the conti-
nent that those resources were being developed,
and lie brought back from them the teachings
of experience, indorsed by the greatest names
of the scientific world, saying to the American
people that until they make a tunnel such as
Ml-. Sutro proposes their silver mining, is what
is known in other countries its miners' piracy,
or piratical mining. Under the present imper-
fect ami costly system of mining we arc taking
from tho Comstoek lode only the richest ores,
those that can be profitably hoisted one thou-
sand teet, ami mure by steam, in a land where
fuel is so scarce that ic is gathered miles away
and transported upon mules' backs. We are
thus wasting and worse than wasting the wealth
of our country by our expensive mining, I
cannot, of course, in ten minuter proceed fur-
ther in this lino of remark.
Gentlemen on the other side have spoken for
the owners of mines. 1 propose to speak for
the miners, the men who with pick and shovel
extract the ore, and forty-five par cent, of whom
die of Illinois' consumption, which seizes them
and penetrates their vitals before they tiro
admonished of its approach, and who die in
their youth, or iu the vigor of their young man-
hood, prostrated by the heat and poisoned by
tho atmosphere of these mint's. These iudus-
Khts
that will enable him to redeem litem from the
terrible doom to which tho so-called miners'
friends would still condemn tliein.
Sir, I brought with mo from one of these
mines a bit of blackened ore, blackened by the
smoke of afire thatsmothered and burned fovty-
five of these men in the mine. Had there been
a tunnel such as Mr. Sutro is constructing they
would have been breathing pure air while at,
work; and though the lumber of tho mine
might have burned, the miners could have
dropped below the fire and escaped. It is
essential to the lives of the miners that better
arrangements in the mines on the Pacific coast
and iu tho coal mines of my own State should
be made, and our L
ure is perfecting a
law to compel their construction. This is not
a local question; it is a national question. The
State of Nevada invested Mr. Sutro with au-
thority and arguments with which to present it
to the country as a national question, and to
assure the country that in applying its funds to
promote the completion of this great work it was
promoting the interests of the whole country.
The bill proposed by the minority of the
committee is an attempt on the part of a few
capitalists to avail themselves not only of the
past labors of Mr. Sutro, but to blot his name
out from any connection with the construction
of the great work of which he was the enlight-
ened projector, and to possess themselves of
the very bodies of the working miners. If it
be adopted they will say to the United States,
" When you will give us your credit to build
this tunnel we will let you have the advantage
of your own silver." There is no title in these
men other than that of possession. The Gov-
ernment of the United States, as a matter of
economy and wisdom, if individual enterprise
were not doing it, might construct this tunnel;
and will any gentleman say that if it did it
could not impose terms upon those who might
avail themselves of it and be benefited by it?
And granting the right to Mr. Sutro and his
associates, can it not say, "In view of your
executing this great enterprise we will guar-
anty to you remunerative tolls from those who
may find it to their advantage to use it?"
There is really no question on this point. But
assuming the truth of all that has been said on
tho other side, and admitting that the bill
involves a question of rights, it is a question
of law that can better be decided in the courts
of the country than on this floor, amid the
excitement and under the influences that are
pressing upon us. If there be a question,
which I again protest there is not; but if there
bo a question of title or of right it is a question
for judicial and not for congressional decision.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FERRISS. I had promised small por-
tions of my time to several gentlemen who are
not in their seats. I will therefore proceed
now to close the debate.
The gentleman from California [Mr. Sae-
gbxt] takes exception to a term which I made
use of yesterday, or rather to a single word,
lie says that the term "squatter" is understood
by the miners of California as a term contempt-
uous in its character, signifying a contempt for
tho one to whom it is applied. If such is the
understanding of the California miners, or
of the gentleman from California, I will with-
draw the offensive word. But the great lexicog-
rapher, Webster, who is recognized as author-
ity upon all such questions, I believe, gives
as tho definition of the word "squatter," "one
who settles on new land, particularly on pub-
lie land, without a title." I used the term in
its legal sense. I intended to express by it
that meaning exactly and nothing more. But
it tho word is so objectionable to the gentle-
man from California, [Mr. Sargent,] I will
withdraw it and substitute in its place the defi-
nition given by Webster.
1 took occasion to say yesterday that at tho
time ot the passage of this Sutro tunnel act, so
culled, the title to all these mines was in the
United States; that there was no law at that
time upon the statute-book in pursuance of
winch the miners who were in possession of
chose milling lands could obtain any title what-
ever to them, But subsequently to the passage
of toe Sutro tunnel act, the third section of
which it is^ now sought to repeal, a law was •
passed whicn made pi ovision by which persons
occupying mineral lauds could obtain from the
united States titles therefor. Now. sir. these
were the facts: that the title to all those min-
ing iands was then in the United States, and that
these miners were occupying the lands by the
mere license of the Government, without any
title whatever.
I am now broughtto the consideration ofthe
question which I promised the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] I wouldpre-
sentto the House. The question, then, presents
itself, if in view of a grant of this character, or in
view of the project of.constructing a tunnel of
