2176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 23,
the character of this Sutro tunnel, what should
the Government do? What rights_should it
reserve ? And what w6uld he equitable and
just? The Government of the United States
stands in the position of sovereign. It is grant-
ing these titles to men who are in possession of
these lands without titles, who knew when they
went on the land that they had no title to it,
and who knew when they went there that their
possession must be subject to the future action
of Congress.
If this tunnel is indispensably necessary for
the development of these great and valuable
mines then it ought to be constructed. What
ought the Government to do? Suppose the
Government, instead of granting to one indi-
vidual the right to build this tunnel, had itself
entered upon the project. Suppose this law
was blotted from the statute-book, and suppose
it were proposed here in Congress to enact a
law for the construction of this tunnel by the
Government of the United States. Should
there be no compensation to the Government
from the men benefited by it? Should there
be no royalty imposed? Why, sir. the mere
statement of the question shows the absurd-
ity of the position of those gentlemen who hold
the opposite doctrine. It is the right of the
sovereign power to impose in such a grant
such conditions as it deems fit. These men in
occupying this land knew that they took it
subject to such legislation as Congress might
adopt. And, sir, if the proposition to build
this tunnel were now presented for the first
time, 1 do not believe that any man on this
floor would say that these men should enjoy
all the benefits of it without contributing any-
thing to the Government. But the Govern-
ment does not enter upon such projects. It
leaves them to private enterprise ; and in pur-
suance of that policy this law was enacted.
Mr. PERCE. When this law was enacted
was it not supposed to be in conformity with
the contracts which had been made between
the miners and Mr. Sutro?
Mr. FERRISS. I was just about to remark
that this is one of the simplest statutes that
■iver was drawn. Nothing could be clearer in
its terms; and it is impeaching the intelligence
and integrity of the distinguished men who
represented the State of Nevada on this floor
and at the other end of the Capitol to suppose
that the law could have found its way on the
statute-book without their fully understanding
its provisions.
I shall, before closing my argument, refer to
the contract and show how unfounded is the
position of those gentlemen who propose here
to repeal the third section of this Sutro tunnel
act. I say that Mr. Sutro has not violated any
of the fundamental conditions of the contract.
If ho had done so, if time were of the essence
of the contract, a sufficient answer upon that
point has already been given upon this floor.
It has been satisfactorily shown why he did not
conform to the provisions of the contract which
required him to procure subscriptions to the
amount of $3,000,000 by the 1st of August,
with §300,000 paid in to commence the work.
The very men who procured the extension of
that contract, long before the time had expired,
exerted themselves to defeat its execution by
Mr. Sutro. The telegram which has been read
here directed to Hon. William M. Stewart and
Hon. James W. Nye, demonstrates the want
of faith with which these men act and their
assurance in charging that Mr. Sutro did not
fulfill the contract in accordance with its terms
and ought not to have the benefit of it.
I do not know but I would be justified in
calling attention to the fact that some men
who have the privileges of this floor are pre-
senting themselves under most unbecoming
circumstances, endeavoring to induce this body
to undo what they induced it to do four years
ago. I think I am not violating theproprieties
of the House in calling attention to that fact.
I do not suppose that any man on this floor is
verdant enough to believe that the men who
were instrumental in framing that act did not
understand its provisions. The idea that this
man Sutro, who is no lawyer, perpetrated a
fraud, in the framing of the act, upon members
of this House, lawyers of distinguished ability
and legal acumen, is so absurd that it can, I
think, meet with no favor in the opinion of
this body.
Now, sir, I wish to call attention to this con-
tract. I have said that Mr. Sutro has not vio-
lated any of its provisions. Even conceding
the position of gentlemen on the other side
that by the terms of this law Mr. Sutro was to
carry out all the provisions of that contract,
what are they ? The third section provides, as
I have already said, that Mr. Sutro shall raise
subscriptions to a certain amount and shall
begin the work. And when the gentleman tells
us that time is the essence of this contract, I
desire to call the attention of those upon the
floor of the legal profession to the two sec-
tions of the contract which I now propose to
read:
"Akt. V. The parties of tho first part farther cove-
nant and agree that in the event they shall fail in
obtaining subscriptions for tho sum of S3,000,000, or
if the sum of $300,000 shall not have been actually
paid in cash, as hereinbefore agreed, on the said 1st
day of August, 1857, then tho said parties of the first
part shall and will, if the party of the second part
desiro it, sell andeonvcy within six months thereafter,
the said franchise granted to A. Sutro by said act of
the Legislature of the State of Nevada, ot February 4.
1865, and also three hundred and twenty acres of land
at and including tho mouth of said tunnel, to be
selected by tho purchasersin one body, andinasquaro
or rectangular form, and if tile latter tho length not
to cxccod twice the width, to tho said parties of tho
second part, and to tho other mining companies
which have entered or shall enter into like contracts
with the said parties of tho first part, and shall join in
the purchase for the sum ov price ol ?400,000, each
company paying thereof its pro rata, according to
the number of feet ot ground owned by each.
"Art. XI. The parties of tho first part farther a greo
that tho prosecution of said work shall be as diligent
and vigorous as tho circumstances and the nature of
the work will allow, and that the completion thereof
shall not bo unreasonably delayed.''
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the gentleman from
New York to yield to mo for a moment.
Mr. FERRISS. Certainly.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to inquire if the
gentleman made any remark in regard to Sen-
ators being on the floor of the House?
Mr. FERRISS. I stated that gentlemen
were on the floor of the House.
Mr. SARGENT. Did the gentleman mean
to cast any reflection upon these Senators for
being on the floor of the House?
Mr. FERRISS. I do not mean to cast any
reflection upon anybody.
Mr. SARGENT. The Senators show us
uniform courtesy on their floor, -and I desire
that the same courtesy be extended to them
here. *
Mr. FERRISS. Nov/, sir, in case this work
is commenced at the time specified the priv-
ilege is provided in this contract that if the
parties of the second part so elect they may
purchase of Mr. Sutro the rights granted for
§100,000 at any time within six months after
tho failure to procure subscriptions of this
money. Yet gentlemen tell us time is the
essence of this contract!
There is another thing in connection with
this matter. By the terms of that contract Mr.
Sutro has yet over twelve years, providing the
work does not cost over $3,000,000, as sup-
posed at the time the contracts were made to
complete the work. This contract requires that
he shall expend $400,000 the first year, and
thereafter $200,000 a year at least. This, sir, if
it costs $3,000,000, will give him fourteen years
to build the tunnel; and if it costs $6,000,000,
which is more likely, will give him twenty-eight
years. Yet gentlemen talk about time being
the essence of this contract! The purpose of
the repeal of the Sutro tunnel act—1 call it
repeal because the effect of the act "to repeal
and modify" is practically to repeal the sec-
tion indicated—is to drive this man away from
the franchise granted him by law, now that he
has commenced in good faith this important
work. As soon-as these men see that the work
is going on, when they see that the work is
progressing, when they see that a valuable lode
may be struck by the tunnel long before it
reaches the Comstock lode, when they see the
probability that capitalists will invest their
money, they say to Congress that we shall stop
this work which Congress authorized at their
request. The character of this man, Sutro,
has been impugned upon this floor. I respect-
fully submit no gentleman who has been so
long about Congress as he has conducted
himself with more propriety than Mr. Sntro.
They charge him with being an adventurer.
They cannot charge him with being a,n adven-
turer and at the same time with having means
and property for the purpose of bribing Con-
gress.
Repeal this law, strike out that section—they
call it explanatory—and it is taking the heart out
of it; itisleaving nothing but the empty carcass.
Repeal it at once, and what do you find? Why,
sir, the gentleman from California has told us
in his minority report that when the owners of
the mines desire them to be drained they will
do it, and that, too, without any law of Con-
gress. Ah! does the gentleman suppose that
they can build that tunnel and get the right of
way without a law of Congress ? Perhaps they
may do those things over in California. Under
all other circumstances, unless the power of the
nation is thrown on their side, the power of
corporations is so great and so overshadowing
that poor and humble individuals have to give
way before them. But I apprehend they never
will build that tunnel until they get a grant from
Congress. Take away these rights from Mr.
Sutro, and what will be the result? It may not
be during this Congress ; with all their assur-
ance these parties would not have the face,
after all they have said, to come and ask this
Congress to grant them the privilege of con-
structing this tunnel with certain rights; but
when next Congress assembles you will have
their representatives at yourdoor setting forth,
what is true, that there is an absolute necessity
for the construction of this tunnel, otherwise
the mines will become useless and the Govern-
ment will lose the revenue derived from them.
And they will ask a grant from Congress, not
with the limited rights attached to this grant
to Mr. Sutro, but they will ask double and
treble what is attached to this grant, and they
may find a Congress that will yield to their
demands.
This, Mr. Speaker, is a question of the
plighted faith of the nation, and it is for this
Congress to determine now when they have
given Mr. Sutro this franchise, and when by
the terms of the contract, on which so much
stress has been laid, he has at least twelve
years to complete the work, whether they shall
withdraw what they have given, or shall tell
him to go on and complete the work which he
has commenced in good faith. I think it is the
duty of this House at this time not to turn its
back upon an enterprise which for magnitude
assumes national importance, which is under-
taken in good faith, and which, if Congress
will stand by its plighted faith, will bring to
its aid capital sufficient to build it long before
the expiration of the time limited by these very
contracts.
I move to lay the bill oa the table.
Mr. SARGENT. On that I ask the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 124, nays 42, not vot-
ing 54 : as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Ayer, Banks,
Barnum, Beaman, JJeatty, Benjamin, Biggs, Bird,
Blair, Boles, George M. Brooks,Buckley, Burr, Onj-
kin, Cessna, Churchill, Cleveland, Coburn, Cook,
Conger, Covode, Cox, Crebs, Cullom. Dawes, Dickin-
son, Dixon,Doekery,Donley, X)ox, Duval,Eldndge,
Ferriss, Garfield, Gctz, Gibson, Gilfillan, Haight,
Haldeman, Hale, Hambleton, Hamill, Hawkins;
Hays, Heaton, Heflin, Holman, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Iverr,
Ketcham, Knott, Laflin, Lawrence, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Marshall, Mayham, Maynard, McCor-
mick, McGrew, McKenzie, McNeely, Bliakim H.
