1232
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
greenbacks and cancel that amount of three
per cent, bonds.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of the executors of Jacob L. Florance,
deceased, for relief.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petition of
Seymour Green and 50 others, citizens of Red-
field, New York, for a pension to the surviving
soldiers of 1812.
Also, the petition of Isaac Schetnerhorn
and 47 others, citizens of Richland, New York,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. COOK: A petition of citizens of
Little Rock, Kendall county, Illinois, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. CREBS: The petition of H. N.
Ausbrooks and 36 others, citizens of Cypress
Creek, Johnson county, Illinois, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. DAWES: A remonstrance of the
Boston and Albany Railroad Company against
the increase of duty on steel rails.
. By Mr. DONLEY: The petition of Judge
Thomas Pomeroy and 85 others, citizens of
New Wilmington, Lawrence county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of John Woodburn, jr.,
and 41 others, eitizens of Washington county,
Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of W. M. Colvert, post-
master, and 35 others, citizens of Naw Sheffield,
Pennsylvania, for. the same purpose.
By Mr. GOLLADAY: Petitions of citizente
of Logan county, Kentucky, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. GRISWOLD: The petition of Wil-
Ham Ht DeGunno and others, Qf Wawarsiog,
Ulster connty, New York, to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.  
By Mr. HALDEMAN: The application of
Franklin Stoner forinvaM pension.
Also, a petition, for the relief of H. W t Sher-
man, with accompanying papers.
By Mr. HEFLIN: A petition from a large
'number of citizens of Tallapoosa county, Ala-
bama, praying Congress to abolish the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition from a large nam bet of
citizens of Russell county, Alabama, praying
Congress to abolish the franking privil ege. .
By Mr. HOAR: Petitions of W. L. Davis
and others, of Dudley, Massachusetts; of A.
tlfc Stiokney and others, of Sutton, Massachu-
setts;.and of William B. Steemes and others,
tagiffe suffrage to women in th# District of
Columbia; . , < ;
_ By Mci HOOPER, of Utah : A petition of
citizens of Holden, Millard county, Utah Ter-
ritory,.for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. JOHNSON: A petition of citizens
of Surprise Valley, California, for the abolition
ofthe franking privilege.
By Mr; JUDD: The petition of Barry Van
Vleit^and others, asking a restoration of the
tax. oa imported cigars to tlyee dollars per
poirod and fifty .per cent, ad valorem. -
By Mr. KELLOGG: A petition of the pres-
ident,- professors, and students of the medical
institution of Yale College in favor of the
bill for reorganizing the medical corps of the
Navy.
Also, petitions of James Gallagher, Oster-
.ries k Oppbnhimer and othew, ciganraakerp
and dealers-of New Haven, Connecticut, for
increase «f duty on eigsni. -■
By Mr. KELSEY i A petition of cigar-maa-
ufaetarers andothers of Pen n Yan,New York,
for restoring the duty on imported cigars to
three dollanr per poundand fifty per cent, ad
valorem;.
Also, a petition of citizens of Rushville, New
York, for pensions to the veterans of the war
of 1812 and their widows. •
„ Also, a petition of citizens of East Bloom*
field; New York, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
,. Alsp, a petition of citizens of Springwater,
New York, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. KERR : A memorial of 10 citizens
of Crawford county, Indiana, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege;
Also, two memorials from 50 citizens of
Floyd county, Indiana, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. McCARTHY: The remonstrance
of J. J. Belden and 387 others, citizens of
Syracuse, New York, against the adoption of
the pretended statistics and report of David
A. Wells, Special Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, as a guide to legislation, and express-
ing the belief that the same are erroneous and
j alibelupon American manufacturers andjvork-
I ingmen, and praying that special examination
I be made of the same and errors refuted.
By Mr. MAYHAM: The petition of Field
Bertrade, a private in company K, forty-first
! regiment New York State volunteers, asking
| for a pension.
; By Mr. NEGLEY: A petition of 67 brewers,
: citizens of Alleghany; county, Pennsylvania,
I praying for a repeal of so much of the laws as
impose a duty upon the importation of foreign
barley.
Also, a petition of fonnderymen of the city
of Pittsburg and vicinity, for the continuation
of the duty on pig-metal, to induce oar citi-
zens to invest their capital in its production.
Also, a petition of producers and refiners of
crude petroleum, of Alleghany county, Penn-
sylvania, asking that the duty on the residuum
: from the refining of petroleum be made the
same as on petroleum itself, as by a decision
of the Secret&ry of the Treasury it is brought
from Canada by paying a duty of but twenty per
cent, per barrel, to the injury of thtrevenue
and the detriment of the interests of the oil
producers of the United. States.
Abo, a petition of 37 citizens of Westmbre-
land county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 56 citizens of Westmore-
land county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 21 citizens of Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania,,praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 41 citizens of Alieghany
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 42 eitizens-of Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 18 citizens of Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 38 citizens of Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 46 citizens of Alleghany
county,Pennsylvania, praying fortheabolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 43 citizens of Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege. -
By Mr. O'NEILL: A memorial of the Fellows
of the College of Physicians of Philadelphia^
asking that proper rank; privileges, immuni-
ties, and accommodatioas, may be permanently
accorded to-the medical-officers of the Navy.
• By Mr. PACKARD: Petitions of citizens
■of Mishawaka, St. Joseph county, and Has-
kell, LapOrte county, Indiana, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of J ohn Plank-
inton and 32 others, citizens of Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, for the fepeal of the income tax.
Also, the petitionof Samuel MeCord and 30
others, citizens of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for
the repeal of the income tax.
Also, the petition of 0. McFarland and 31
others, citizens of Milwaukee, for the repeal
of the income tax.
Also, the petition of D. W. Davis and 60
others, citizens of Wisconsin, for the equaliza-
tion of bounties.
Also, a petition for a special act allowing
additional bounty.
By Mr. PLATT: A petition of the trustees
of Republican church, Nottaway county, Vir-
ginia, for compensation for destruction of their
church by United States troops after the sur-
render of the armed forces of the so-called
confederate States.
By Mr. READING: A petition of 27 citi-
zens of Bristol, Bucks county, Pennsylvania
for the abolition of the franking privilege. '
Also, a petition of 44 citizens of Emilie
Bucks county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. REEVES: The petition of William
H. Clark, postmaster; John Osborn, William
1 H. Wiggins, and 11 others, citizens of Centre
Moriches, Suffolk county, New York, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. ROOTS: A petition from many
eitizens of Arkansas, praying for the relief of
Richard.A. Whittemore, as surety for Charles
'H. Burns.
Also, the petition of Rufus W. Martin, of
Arkansas, praying for the removal of his polit-
ical disabilities.
| Also, a petition of several lawyers prac-
| ticing in Kentucky, protesting against dimin-
ishing the number of sessions of United States
courts to be held at Paducah, Kentucky.
By Mr. SARGENT: A petition of citizens
t of Meadow Valley, California^ for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Tuolumne
county, California, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Diamond
Springs, California, for the same purpose.
By Mr, STARKWEATHER: The petition
of the Norwich File Works, asking for the
reduction of the tariff on steel.
Also,' a petition of cigar-makers and cigar-
manfaeturers, asking for the restoration ofthe
i tariff on cigars. - <
By Mr. STEVENS s The petition of H. C.
Reynolds, of Manchester, New ■ Hampshire,
for the reduction of duty on steel.
By Mr; STEVENSON : ■ Petitions for 'the
abolition of the franking privilege -from citi-
zens of Gleudale, Ohio, and, of Columbia,
Ohio.
By Mr. STRADERr The petition of J.
Aydelott and 59 others, citizens of Sharonville,
Hamilton county, Ohio, for abolishing the
franking privilege.
By Mr. STRONG: A remonstrance of the
-Peck & Smith Manufacturing Company, of
Southirigton, Connecticut, against further duties
on steel, and praying for the reduction' of the
same> '
- Alao, the petition of Marshall Porter and
others,1 of Hebron, Connecticut, for .the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of R. M. Burdick and
othets, of Hartford, Connecticut; of E. Potter
& Co. and others, of Enfield, Connecticut;
and of the Cigar-Makers' Union No. 62, of
Enfield, Connecticut, praying for an increase
of duty on imported cigars, and protesting
againstareduction of the existing duty.
By Mr. TANNER : The petition of John
Law, late private of company I,-, one hundred
and fourth regiment New York veteran volun-
teers, for a pension.
' Also, several petitions for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. TILLMAN: Two memorials from
citizens of Cannon county, fourth district of
Tennessee, asking the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, a memorial from eitizens of Eagle-
ville, Rutherford county, Tennessee, for the
same purpose.
By Mr, WITCHER: The petition of H. M.
Brown, postmaster, and 55 others, citizens of
West Virginia, praying the abolition of the
franking privilege.
