ST20V
THE COJSTGMISBIONiAJY GLOBE.
April 30,
<8flitl *ed< to iettre1 all * ^rivarfi orfitiri-crim-
missioned officer as aforesaid. • >• t
i' Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. T'mb^e'lire-pre-
vious question. ' '' ::
The previous gueation was secOn&edatid the
main question ordered. • /• .':t
. The bill was ordered to -be enjrosead. and
read a third timejand being -engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time; and passed. ,
Mf; COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was,passed;
and also moved that the motion to reoouBider
be laid on the table. ,,
The latter motion was. agree4 to. .
EQUALIZING BOUNTIES. ' 1 ;
• Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, also, fromthesame.
committee, reported a bill (H, R..No. 1910) to'
equalize the bounties of soldiers who served in
the late war; which was read a first and second ■
time, ordered to.be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the(
>fOte by which thp bill Wias recommitted;,, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be,
laid on th,e table. ,, , ,|
The latter motion was agreed to. ' i
. , , CHARLES TRICK^EIt!
Mr. MORGAN, from tbeaameeomoiittee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bit! (H. R.NO. 1140) for the !
relief of Charles-Trickier, of the county of
Adams,. Ohio, • . .
The bill was read; It directs that there be J
refunded to^ Charles Trickier, of the county 6f: j
Adams, Ohio, out of any money in the Treas-';
uryof the United States not otherwise appro- i
piriated, the sum of $300, .the same having been
improperly paid, to the tlnited States by the
said Charles Trickier as cornvnatation money
on the 17th day of June, 1864.' ! '1!
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and'!
read a third time; and being engrossed, itw^g
accordingly read the third'time, and passed.
Mr. MORGAN moved tq reconsider the votfr
fey which the bill was passed; arid also tnoveft
tliat the motion to reconsider be laid oil the
table;'
The latter motion,'Was agreed to.."
KOKT SPELLING MILITARY KESERVA.TION. .
'.:Mr. MORGAN also, from the Same cotn-
mit.tee, reported back, with the recommendar
lion thnt it;do p«£3,:tlie joint reeolutioH: (S. R.
No. 23) for setting apart a portion ofthe Fort
Snelling military reservation for a permanent
military post, and the settlement of all claims
in relation thereto. ' t
The joint resolution was read* It empowers
tile Secretary of War to select and set apart
lor a permanent military post bo much Of the
military reservation of Fort Snelling, not less
than one thousand'acres, as. the public inter-
ests may requjre for that(p,urpase, and to quiet
the title, to the' reservation, and to settle all
Claims iii relation 'thereto,' and fbr thfe use and
occupation thereof,1 rfpon principles-Of equity.
- The joint resolutio.n was' ordered to be read
a Ihird timi. It wis accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MORGAN moved tofreconslder the vote
t>y which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion, to reconsider be
laid on the table. '
The latter motion was-agreed to.
ADVERSE REl'ORTg.
Mr. MORGAN also, from the same commit-*
iee, reported adversely on the following peti<
tions and bills; and the same were severally
laid on the table: ■ ' <
Claim of Charles Hudson, of Grant countyj
Wisconsin, for pay fbr military services; '
Petition of Charles H. Sylvester, of North
Pownal, Maine; - •
:■ Bill (H. R. No.1615) for the relief Jacob F.
Cotitryman;
• • Petition of E. M. Dudley, for relief;
Petition of A. P. Seeley, for relief;
Petition of Heni-yJ. Stoc&still, for refunding
ofloOalbOontj* paid substitute hi fifty-first
regiment Ohio volunteer infantry; and
Bill (H. R. No. 375) for the relief of John
McLavn.
Mr, 8T0UGHT0N, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely on the following bills
ana petitions; and the same were severally laid
oil the table:
Memorial of W. J. Keays, for arrears of pay
as an officer of the United States Army; 1
Bill (H. R. No. 89) for the relief of M&jor
Lucien J. Barnes;
Petition of Mrs. Elisabeth Utophrey, widow
of Joseph Umphrey, deceased, private com-
pany F, third Tennessee volunteers; and
Petition of B. P. McDaniel, for payment of
nietoiey expended in defending himself when
tried by court-martial.
MILITARY R6AD.
Mr. STOUGHTON also, from the same
committee,'reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 486)
to, ex tend the time for the completion of  he
military road from Fort Wilkins, at Copper
Harbor, in tlje State of Michigan, to Fort How-
ard, at Green Bay, in the State of Wisconsin.
The bill was reaa. It provides that the time
fbr the Construction and completion of the mil-
itary ro&d from Fort Wilkins, at Copper Har-
bor, in the State of'Micbigan, to Fort Howard,
at- Green Bay, in the State of Wisconsin, be
extended until the 1st day of January, 1872.
It further provides that all the grants, rights,
and privileges contained in the original grant
be'coiiliriued in foil force and virtue for said
tjme, !
The bill was Ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly redd the third time, and passed.
Mr. STO0GHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid On
th£ table.
The latter motlori was agreed to.
AD-VBRSE REPORTS.
Mr. STOUGHTQN 'from the same commit-
tee, made adverse reports on the petitions of
Jacob Sanderson and Henry Erret; which were
severally laid on the table.
MILrTAKY ROAD.
Mr, HOLMAN. . I rise,to a privileged mo-
tion, X.ipove to reconsider the vote by which
House,bill No. 48(j,.in.relation to a military
road, was passed. .
The SPEAKER. Amotion to reconsider the
vote by which that bill was passed has. been
laid on the table.
, Mr. HOLMAN. No one suppose^ that on
the call for private bills the committee .was
reporting bills to extend land grants.
. The SPEAKER, The Journal clerk informs
the Chair that the record showsthat a motion
to reconsider the vote, by which the bill was
passed was, laid [on the table. It is usual,
as the gentleman is. aware, when private bills
are reported on which no discussion arises
to run them through all the stages until the
action to reconsider is laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that the bill
does not extend the land grant.
Mr. STOUGH'fON. I t merely extends the
time for the completion of the road.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then it prevents the for-
feiture of the grant. I trust the motion to
reconsider will be allowed to be entered.
The SPEAKER. It is not iti the power of
the Chair to entertain the motion. If the gen-
tleWanfrom Michigan [Mr. Stoughton] is will-
ing that it shall be entertained on the ground
that the bill was not fully understood by the
tlouse it may be done.
Mr. HOLMAN; I hope the gentleman will
allow the motion to be entertained.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is very
Well aware that when a bill is reported-which
gives rise to no controversy it pisseB through
the several motions until it is passed and the
motion to reconsider laid on the table. The
Journal clerk informs the Chair that that has
been done in every case this morning.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill is really a public
bill, and not a private bill.
The SPEAKER. It is quite too late to raise
that point of order now.
Mr. HOLMAN. When a gentleman is raak-
itig reports of a private nature members take it
for granted that he will not reporta public bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill was read in the
hearing of the House. It was not for the
Chair to make objection unless a point of order
was raised. Is the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Stotjghton] willing that the matter shall
be reopened ?
' Mr. STOUGHTON. I am not willing to
yield further.
Mr. HOLMAN. It has been the uniform
practice when a gentleman desires to report a
public bill on private-bill day for him to say
so to the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I think it was due to the
House that the gentleman should have stated
that it was a public bill.
The SPEAKER. That is a question of pro-
priety for the gentleman from Michigan, and
not for the Chair to rule upon. The bill was
read in the hearing of the House; and if gen-
tlemen do not give attention to what is read
it is not for the Chair to reverse the action of
the House or alter the Journal. *
Mr; HOLMAN. Then the Chair holds that
the motion to recohsider cannot be made ?
The SPEAKER- A motion to reconsider
tpas ;made and laid on the table. The Chair
has tio more power over the bill now than any
member on the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. I should suppose the
gentleman himself would see the propriety of
allowing the motion to' be entertained, as he
did not State the fact that it was a public bill.
The SPEAKER. That is a question for
the gentleman having charge of the bill, and
not for the Chair.
WILLIAM p. EMEREY.
Mr. STOUGHTON, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported hack, with the
recommendation that it do pass, the bill (H.
R. No. 121-8) for the relief of William P.
Emerey, late captain fifty-eighth United States-
colored infantry. -
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.-
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to allow to Captain William
P. Emerey, late of the fifty-eighth United States
colored infantry, the full pay and allowances
of a captain of infantry from March 1, 1865,
to September 12, 1865, in full payment of pay
and allowances for the said time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
okokGk w. btselh.
Mr. STOUGHTON also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1911) for
the relief of George W. Steele, late first lieu-
tenant second New York veteran cavalry; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upou ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, direets the Pay-
master General of the Army to pay, oat of any
money appropriated for the pay of the Army,
to George W. Steele, late first lieutenant in
second regiment New York veteran cavalry,
the pay and allowances of first lieutenant of
cavalry for such period as he shall make_ satis-
factory proof that he actually served in the
capacity of first lieutenant under proper orders
and assignment, for which service he received
no pay.
