4064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Cook,
Conger, Covode,Cowles,Cullom, Davis,Dawes,Dick-
inson, Dockery, Donley, Dox, Duval, Eidridge,
Parnsworth, Ferriss, Fisher, Fitch, Fox, Getz,Gibson,
Gilfillan, Griswold, Haight,IIale, Hambletofi, Ham-
jil, Harris, IIAwkins, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Ileflin,
Hill, Iloar, llolman, Ilooper, ilotehkiss, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Johnson, Judd, Kciley, Kellogg, Kerr,
Ketcham.Lafiin, Logan,Lynch, Marshall, Mayham,
McCarthy, McGrew, McKenzie, McJ^eely, Mercur,
Milnes, Jesse II. Moore, William Moore, Morgan,
Morrissey. Myers, Newsham,Niblaek, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Piatt,
Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Prosscr, Ilandall, Reeves,
llidgway,Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Lionel A. Shel-
don,rorterSheldon, Sherrod, Slocum.Johri A. Smith,
Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes, Stone,Stoughton,
Strader, Strickland, Strong, Swann, Sweeney. Tan-
ner, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble, Twichell, Upson,
Van Auken, William 13. Washburn, Wells, Wheeler,
"Winans, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—138.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Arnell, Asper,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton. Bingham, Blair, Boyd,
Burdett, Benjamin i1. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Crebs,Dyer, Ela, Finkelnburg,
Garfield, Alexander 11. J ones, Kelsey, ivnapp, Knott,
Lash, Lewis, Loughrid?.e, Maynard, McCormiek,
McCrary, Eliakim li. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill,
Paine, Rice, Roots,Schenck, Sehumaker, William J.
Smith, William Smyth, Taffe, Taylor, Tyner, Van
Horn, Wallace, Ward, Welker, Wilkinson, Willard,
Williams, Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and
Witcher—52.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Barnum,Booker,
Buck, Buckley, Cake, Calkio, Cessna, Churchill,
Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Cox, Degener, Dickey,
Dixon, Ferry, Haldeman, Hamilton, ileaton, lioge,
Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Lawrence, McKee, Mor-
phis, Daniel J. Morrell, Mungen, Negley, Palmer,
Poland, Rogers, Sanford, Shanks, Shober, Stevens
Van Trump, Van Wyck, Voorhees, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, and Whitmore—40.
So the amendment, as amended, was
agreed to.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that, the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment was one moved by
Mr. Eiv.v, to make the exemption $1,200.
The SPEAKER. The House having by the
vote just taken fixed the amount of exemp-
tion at $2,000 this amendment is not in order.
The next amendment was one moved by
Mr. Kerr, to amend the latter portion of .sec-
tion thirty-seven so that it shall read a,-5 fol-
lows :
For the purpose of allowing said deduction from
the income, any religious or social community, hold-
ing all their property and the income theiefrom
jointly and in common, each ton of the persons com-
posing such society and any remaining fractional
number of such persons not less than live over such
groups of ten, shall be held to constitute a family,
and a deduction of ^2,000 shall bo allowed for each
of said families.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was one moved by
Mr. Juud, as follows:
Amend section thirty-six by striking out after the
word' coupons," in line nine, down to and including
the words "United States," in the twelfth line.
Amend in linofifteen by inserting "incorporated"
before the word "companies," and striking out the
words 'by partnerships.-"
Amend by striking out after thoword ''estimated/'
in line twenty-one, down to and including the word
whatever," in lino twenty-seven.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
HOLMAN called for a separate vote on the
different portions of the amendment.
The first question was upon that portion of
the amendment proposing to strike from the
first part of section thirty-six the following:
The gains, profits, and income of any business,
profession, trade, employment, office, or vocation,
including any amount received as salary or pay for
services in the civil, military, naval, or other service
of the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in order to call for
  separate vote upon striking out the portion
relating to salaries?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
31. noes 89.
So the first division of Mr. Judd's amend-
ment was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the tliird
division, as follows:
4 Amend section thirty-six in line fifteen, by insert-
in°i ' Jn.®°n>orated " before the word "companies,"
.ana striking out the words "or partnerships;" so it
will read: "theshareof any person of the gains and
profits, whether divided or not, of all incorporated
companies, but not including the amount received
from any corporations whoso officers, as authorized
by law, withhold and pay as taxes a per cent, of
the dividends made, and of interest or coupons paid
by such corporations, profits realized within the year
from sales of real estate purchased within two years
1^'ovious to the year for which income is estimated."
The second division of Mr. Judd's amend-
ment was disagreed to.
The question next recurred on the third
and last division of the amendment, as follows :
In section thirty-six strike out, after the word
"estimated," in lino twenty-one, down to and includ-
the  word "whatever," in line twenty-seven, which
words are as follows:
The amount of sales of live stock, sugar, wool,
butter, cheese, pork, beef, mutton, or other meats,
hay and grain, fruits, vegetables or other produc-
tions, being the growth or produce of the estate of
such person, but not including any part thereof con-
sumed directly by the family; and all other gains,
profits, and income drawn from any source whatever.
The House divided j and there were—ayes
CO, noes 86.
Mr. NIBLACK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 75, nays 111, riot voting
44 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adanjs, Archer, Axtell, Banks,
Beck, Bennett, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Bowen. Burr,
Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Sidney
Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Crebs. Davis, Dickinson. Dock-
cry, Dox, Eidridge, Fox, Getz, Gibson, Griswold,
Ilaight, Hambleton, I-Iainill, Hawkins, Heflin, Hill,
Tiolman, Judd, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott, Lawrence,
Lewis, Marshall, Mayharn, McKenzie, McNeeiy,
Meicnr, Mlines, Morg.ni, Mou is*ey, Newshain, Nib-
lark. Packer, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Ridg-
way, Sherrod,Starkweather, Stevenson, Stiles, Stone,
.Strader, Strong, Swann, Sweeney, Taylor, Trimble,
Upson, Van Aukcn, Wells, Whitmore, John T, Wil-
son, Winans, Winchcster.Witeher,'Wood, and Wood-
ward—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ainbler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Barry,
Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Blair, Boles,
Booker, Boyd, George M. Brooks, James Brooks,
Bufiinton, Burchard, Burdett, Cobuin, Cook, Conger,
Covode. Cowles, Cullom, Dawes, Donley, Duval,
Dyer, Ela, Parnsworth, Ferriss, Finkelnbnrg, Fisher,
Fitch, Giliillan, Hale, Hamilton, Harris, Hawley,
Hay, Hays, Hoar.Hooper, Ilotehkiss Jenckcs, John-
son, Alexander ii. Jones, Kciley, Kellogg, Kelsey,
lCnapp, Laflin, Lash, Logan, Loughridge, Maynard,
McOuthy, McCormiek, McCrar", McGrew, Eliakim
JI. Moore, Jesse it.Moore,William Moore, Morphis,
Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Paine, Peck, Perce, Phelps, Piatt, Pom-
eroy, Prosper, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Scoficld,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph
S. Smith. William J. Smith, Wortbington C. Smith,
Stokes. Stoughton, Strickland, Taffe, Tanner, Till-
man, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Van Horn, Wal-
lace, Ward, William B.Washburn.Welker,Wheeler,
Wilkinson. Willard, Williams, and Eugene M. Wil-
son—111.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barnum, Buck, Buckley
Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, William T.Clark,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Cox, Degener,
Dickey, Dixon, Ferry, Garfield, Haldeman, Heaton,
Hoge, Ingersoll, Thomas L. Jones. Julian. Lynch,
McKee,Samuel P.Morrill, Mungen,Palmer, Peters,
Poland, Porter, Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Sehumaker,
bhanks, Porter Sheldon, Shober, William Smyth,
Stevens,Van Trump,Van Wyck,Voorhees, andCad-
walader C. Washburn—4-1.
So the third division of Mr. Judd's amend-
ment was disagreed to.
The question next recurred on Mr. Fikkelk--
exjrg's amendment, as follows :
Amend section thirty-eiglit, line twelve, by insert-
ing after the word " family," in line fourteen, the
words " not to exceed$500;" so that thesentence will
read:4 the amount paid for rent of the house or
premises occupied as a residence for himself or his
lamily, not to excecd $500."
The House divided; and there were—-aves
95, noes 38.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question next recurred on Mr. Potter's
amendment, as follows:
Insert at end of section thirty-five the following
proviso: ®
Provided, That the tax imposed by this section
shall not continue or be collected after the expira-
tion of the year 1870. *
The House divided j and there were—ayes
42, noes 86.
Mr. SARGENT demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
iri the negative—yeas 72, nays 106, not voting
52; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Armstrong, Banks,
Bennett, Biggs, Bird, Bowen. Bufiinton, Burr, Ben-
iamin F. Butler, Cleveland, Covode, Cowles, Crebs,
Davis. Dickinson, Dox, Eidridge, Fisher, Fitch, Fox,
Garfield, Getz, Gibson, Ilaight, Hamill, Hill, iloteh-
kiss, Johnson, Kelley, Kellogg, Laflin, Lynch. May-
ham, McCarthy, MisKenzie, McNeeiy, Milnes,
William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Myers,
Negley, Newsham, Niblack, O'Neill, Packer, Paine,
Phelps, Piatt, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Sargent,
Sehumaker, Slocum, Joseph S.Smith, Starkweather,
Stevenson, Stiles, Stone, Strader, strong, Swann,
Sweeney, Taylor, Trimble, Upson, Whitmore,Wood,
and Woodward—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Arnell, Asper,
Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Barry, Beaman, Beatty, Ben-
jamin, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Booker,
Boyd, George M. Brooks, Burchard, Burdett, Rod-
erick Ii. Butler, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Co-
burn, Cook, Conger, Cullom, Dockery, Donley,
Duval, Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Finkeln-
burg, Gilfiilan, Kale, Hambleton, Hamilton, Har-
ris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Heflin, Hoar,
llolman, Ilooper, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones,
Judd. Kelsey, Kerr, Knott, Lash, Lawrence, Lew 13,
Loughridge, Marshall, Maynard, McCormick, Me-
Crary, McGrew, Mcrcur, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse H.
Moore, Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill, Oith, Packard,
Peck, Perce, Peters, Rice, llidgway, Roots, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scoficld, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington O.
Smith, William Smyth, Stokes, Stoughton, Strick-
land, Taffe, Tanner, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner,
Van Auken, Van Horn, Wallace, Ward, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler. Wilkinson, Wil-
liams, Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winans,
and Witcher—108.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Barnum,
Beck, James Brooks, Buck, Buckley. Cake, Calkin,
Cessna, Churchill, William T.Clark, Clinton L.Cobb,
Conner, Cox. Dawes, Degener, Dickey,Dixon, Ferry,
Griswold, Haldeman, Heaton, lioge, Jenckes,
Thomas L.Jones. Julian, Ketcham, Knapp, Logau,
McKee, Morgan,Mungen, Pal mer, Poland, Pomeroy,
Porter, Prosser, Rogers, Sanford, Shanks, Porter
Sheldon, Shober, Stevens, Tillman,Van Trump,
Van Wyck, Voorhees, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Wells, Willard, and Winchester—52.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The next question was on the amendment
offered by Mr. Winans, to strike out all after
the enacting clause of scction thirty-five and
insert the following-:
That there shall be levied and collected annually
a tax of three per cent, upon the income of every
person residing in the United States, and of every
citizen of the United States residing abroad, derived
from dividends upon stocks of or in banks, or rail-
road or other incorporated companies, or from in-
terest upon loans of money or upon notes or bonds
or other evidences of debt, or choses iu action, pur-
chased or discounted, or upon bonds or notes of the
United States, or of any State, county, parish, town-
ship, town, city, village, railroad company, or other
public or private corporation. And. upon the income
derived from interest upon United States notes or
bonds, the tax shall be reserved and retained at the
time the interest is paid.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next question was on the amendment
of Mr. Morgan, to strike out all after the
enacting clause of section thirty-five and in-
sert the following:
That there shall he levied and collected annually
a tax 01 five per cent, upon the gains, profits, and
income ot every person residing in the United States
and of every citizen of the United States residing
abioad, derived from bonds, of every description
n?!iSKrtA0r*'giaseS!; an(i ^hor securities over the suni
ot fcl,000f and under the sum of $10,000; of seven per
cent, upon all gams, profits, and incomes derived as
over1th© $10,000 and under the sum
ot $gU,UU0: and ot eight per cent, per annum, derived
the sum Sf Ssofooo. Sam3' Pr°fitS' and inCOmeS 0Yer
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next question was on the amendment
of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, to strike out in sec-
tion thirty-five, line five, the word '' whatever'J
and insert in lieu thereof the words u herein-
after describedalso, to strike out in lines
eight, nine, and ten of the same section the
words, "any business, trade, or profession
carried on in the United States by any person
residing without the United Stages and not a
citizen thereof, orso as to make the section
read, as follows:
That there shall be levied and collectcd annually
a tax of five per cent, upon the gains, profits, and
of evcr^ Person residing in the United States,
ana of every citizen of the United States residing
abroad, derived from any source hereinafter de-
scribed, whether within or without the United States,
except as hereafter provided, and a like tax annu-
Profits, and income derived from
rents of real estate within the United States owned
