1870.]
APPENDIX TO- THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Asper.
Ho. op Eeps.
and will thereby create a competition which
will bring down the price of iron, and finally
cheapen iron articles to consumers everywhere.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a question ?
Mr. ASPER. 1 yield to the gentleman.
Mr. WOODWARD. i desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether he means to be understood as
asserting that the transportation of passengers
and goods is dearer now than before the rail-
roads were built ?
Mr. ASPER. I have said that transporta-
tion has been made dearer, in consequence of
the high tariff, than it ought to be.
Mr. WOODWARD. Have not the railroads
cheapened transportation to the farmers and
to everybody vastly?
Mr. ASPER. 1 suppose if there were no
railroads between Chicago and New York, and
from Chicago over the plains, that we could
not transport wheat or corn, or animals of any
kind, from the Mississippi valley across the
country to New York.
Mr. WOODWARD. What is the additional
cost of moving freight by wagons?
Mr. ASPBR. 1 cannot say.
Mr. WOODWARD. Andofpassengertravel
per mile ?
Mr. ASPER. The charges for travel in my
State by stage are 10 cents per mile, or 6 cents
per mile on our railroads. A gentleman says
3 cents per mile in the State of New York ;
but our roads charge a higher rate, correspond-
ing, of course, to the greater expense of con-
struction, most of our roads having been con-
structed under a high tariff'.
Mr. WOODWARD. If you admit these
facts, on what ground do you base your asser-
tion that the protection of tlio iron interest of
Pennsylvania has added to the cost of trans-
portation?
Mr. ASPER. I have said that a duty of
$9 a ton on pig iron increases the cost of the
article by that amount.
Mr. WOODWARD. Does it cost the farmer
as much to send his produce to market now as
it did forty years ago?
Mr. ASPER. I do not know what it cost
forty years ago. If the gentleman knows, it is
all right. But I wish to show what the cost
of transportation is now.
Mr. WOODWARD. Then I understand the
gentleman to back out from the assertion that
the use of iron in railroads has added to the
cost of the consumer.
Mr. ASPER. I do not. I abide by that
assertion. I do not know what it used to cost
a man to transport himself by stage from the
Mississippi river to New York. Butldo know
this, that tlio price of transportation by rail is
larger and greater than it ought to be, by tho
amount of the tariff on pig iron and the ex-
cessive duty upon the manufacture of iron;
that it costs the producer and the manufacturer
more to put down their goods in the market
than it would if there were not this duty upon
iron. I say that the duty affects the price of
transportation because it affects the price of
rails, and I have here the figures which show it.
The cost of iron rails in England has ruled
at $31, in this country $57 50; making §26 50
for duty and transportation. These figures
are all gold rates. The duty and transporta-
tion, together with tho first cost in England,
regulates the price here, as I shall show from
quotations hereafter. Steel rails cost in the
United States $81, in England $48, duty and
charges $32, or 80 per cent, of cost. This 80
per cent, goes into the pockets of the manu-
facturer for all iron and steel rails bought
from our home manufacturers. This is excess-
ive, placing an unnecessary burden upon the
producer in addition to the cost of transporta-
tion.
Mr. NEGLEY. Wiil the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. ASPER. With pleasure.
Mr. NEGLEY. Would you not say that
there was an advantage in manufacturing the
articles required by the farmer as near where
the agricultural produce is raised as possible ?
Mr. ASPER. That is the very thing I
desire. And if we get this duty off iron, or
reduced to a moderate rate, we will show you
that we can manufacture it cheaper in Missouri
than in Pennsylvania.
Mr. DICKEY. How will that benefit the
manufacturers ?
Mr. ASPER. It will bring the capitalists
into the West, and the manufacturers will come
and plant themselves down side by side with
the coal and iron which exist there in greater
abundance than in Pennsylvania; and freight
upon iron from Pennsylvania to the Mississippi
valley will of itself be a large profit to the
manufacturer.
Mr. DICKEY. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman another question there. If a capitalist
can make $9 a ton more by manufacturing
iron in Missouri with a tariff than without one,
would he not be likely to go there sooner with
the advantage of the tariff?
Mr. ASPER. I suppose that these gentle-
men who are benefited by the high tariff at
the expense of the people prefer to remain
where they are so well fixed, with their fine
houses and great establishments in Pennsyl-
vania. But if you allow competition, if you
bring down these prices to a proper standard,
and bring the manufacturer side by side with
the iron and coal in the West, where the oper-
atives can be cheaply fed, capital will be at-
tracted there without injustice to the manu-
facturers here, who will still make ample profits,
and will be more likely to go under a settled
policy with a prospect of fair and reasonable
profits.
When interrupted I was about to state tho
cost of transportation and of railroads in this
country in comparison with the cost of trans-
portation and the cost of railroads in England.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether it is not competition which has
brought things down already? If there is such
an opportunity for making money by the manu-
facture of pig iron in Pennsylvania, what is it
that hinders the making of money at the Iron
mountain in Missouri to the same extent that
it is made in Pennsylvania?
Mr. ASPER. Wo are making it there, but
the competition has not brought down the
price; for the demand for iron and iron goods
keeps in advance of the supply. Tho iron
manufactures arc increasing as rapidly as pos-
sible; but the demand increases still faster.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman was speak-
ing a moment ago about tho woolen manufac-
turers and wool-growers. Does he not know
that the moment the wool tariff was passed
the woolen machinery in the country was more
than doubled, that the wool-growers multiplied
their flocks, and that the increase in the quan-
tity of wool and the increase of the manufac-
tured article under that tariff brought down
the price of woolens ?
Mr. ASPER. No, sir; I do not. I suppose
that the increased manufacture, together with
the importation of cheap woolens, caused the
present languishing condition of the woolen
manufactures, and the number of sheep in the
country is less to-day than when the tariff was
placed upon woo). The gentlemen who asked
for the high tariff on wool and woolens have
overleaped themselves. It is because high
prices have taught the people economy, and
they do not buy as largely of woolen goods as
formerly, and the manufacturer does not buy
the wool rapidly, which cause a decline in
wool; and as the farmer can make no profit
on his sheep he sends them to the butcher, and
this causes a decline in the number of sheep.
Meanwhile woolen goods made in England and
France come in increased amounts to occupy
the field, and our own manufactures languish.
But gentlemen are occupying too much of my
time.
Mr. DAWES. I beg your pardon.
Mr. COVODE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a practical remark ?
Mr. WOOD. I hope the gentleman will be
allowed to proceed without interruption. His
speech is a great deal more interesting than
these interrogatories.
Mr. ASPBR. I decline to yield further. I
was about, when interrupted, to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the difference between
the cost of transportation in England and in
this country. I have here the figures. The
cost of maintaining the roadway, as contrasted,
is as follows: in the State of New York 49
cents per mile, while in England it is 13 cents
per mile—a marked difference. The farther
west the roads extend the more marked the
difference.
The cost of operating railroads in the two
countries is as follows: in the State of New
York, $1 CG per mile; in England, G2 cents
per mile. The difference is $1 04, per mile,
or 2J times greater. It is undoubtedly more
expensive to operate roads here on account of
the greater cost of labor; but tho greatest por-
tion of the difference is occasioned by the high
price of iron, and this again is occasioned by
the high duty on iron. The cost for the repairs
of locomotives is 15 cents per mile; in Eng-
land 0 ccnts per mile. The high cost of iron
used in rails, in locomotives, and indeed in
everything connected with the building and
operating railroads in this country, is what
makes transportation by railroads so high.
The cost is enormous; and it is believed if
the manufactures of iron were reduced to a
reasonable rate of duly that the farmers would
double their profits by the amount saved in
transportation alone, while the railroads would
still make a reasonable profit.
But we are told by thegentleman from Penn
sylvania [Mr. Kel[,ey] that competition will
bring down the prices. Has it done it? And
if not done, when will the reduction come?
If facts are worth anything, then his theory is
worthless. The price of iron and iron rails is
regulated in this country not by what it costs
to manufacture iron, but from the price in Eng-
land with the duty and transportation added.
I have here the prices current taken from the
New York Daily Bulletin of last week, and I
find tho following quotations, as of the date of
March 23, 1870. Tho following are the quo
tations upon iron:
CJoltnoss JOG 00-?')$37 00
Gartslierrie  3i 00;.j> 30 00
(llengarnock  33 50;<i> 31 (X)
I'lglinton  32 5u;a> 33 00
Pig, Ameiican No. 1  33 00:>A 31 00
l'ig, American No. 2  31 00(>!> 3'2 00
Bar, rcimed, American and English  81 00© Si 50
Store Price u
Bar, Swedes, ordinary sizes $1*20 00(";3130 00
Bar, English and American retlned... 82 00W S5 00
Bar, English and Amorican common.. 71 50 ,i>
.Scroll ]1S 00® 145 00
Ovals and half round  100 00("> 115 00
Band 100 00;./; Kb 00
Horseshoe 10") 00.'(>
Hods, {63-10 inch  R7 ,r>0/<> 130 0)
Hood 110 00."'; 150 00
Nail-rod, li>)  7,
Sheet, llu;-bia assorted, gold  ll(ro 12
Sheet, single D and rl\ common  <>
Kails,English,gold, dutypaid.B ton.... f)S 00."t' 59 00
Rails, American, at works  03 00a> 73 00
The first three articles quoted are from the
Scotland furnaces, and their pigs enter into
the manufacture of liollow-ware. English and
American steel and iron bars are quoted alike,
and the difference of price between the Eng-
lish and Ameiican rails is about the difference
between paper and gold.
The following quotations are from the Iron
Age, of Philadelphia, of March 22:
" Aiue/ lean Pig Iron.—AV'o ale quoted No. 1 extra,
at. $:!<, and No. 2, $31 50 to $32; and at these figures
