1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1233
Also, the petition of Anthony Nicely and 40
others, citizens of Blue Sulphur Springs, West
Virginia, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of E. Prince and ^18
others, citizens of Raleigh county, West Vir-
ginia. lor the same purpose.
Also, the petition of John E. Jeffords and
44 others, citizens of Jackson county, West
Virginia for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of James L. Love and 35
others, citizens of Cooper township, West Vir-
ginia, for the same purpose.
also, the petition of John Beckell and 50
others, citizens of Webster county, West Vir-
ginia, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of J. C. Crum, postmaster,
and 30 others, citizens of Jackson county,
West Virginia, for the same purpose.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 12, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Buti.ek.
"The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
tennessee land scrip.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Reiolvetl, That the Committee on Education and
Labor be, and they are hereby, instructed to inquire
into the method of investing the funds arising from
tbe land scrip granted to the State of Tennessee by
joint resolution of February 28, 1867; whether the
same have been applied in accordance with the acts
of July 2,1862. and of July 23,1866; and also whether
any attempt has been made or any scheme proposed
by which the same are to be diverted from the true
intent andpurposeof thedonation; and whether any
other and iurther legislation by Congress is neces-
sary for the security and a faithful administration
of the said fund, and to report at any time by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsiderthe vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rank in the nayy.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1190) to
regulate the rank of staff officers of the Navy,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
harbor of chicago.
Mr. JUDD. I rise to a privileged question.
I propose to call up the motion to reconsider
the reference to the Committee on Appropria-
tions of a bill and a report made the other
day. The bill is the bill (H. R. No. 1177) to
appropriate money for the enlargement of the
harbor of Chicago, and the report is a report
of the Secretary of War on that question. On
consultation the members of the different com-
mittees have concluded to change the refer-
ence, and desire the bill and report to be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
It was ordered accordingly.
exemption from internal tax.
Mr. JUDD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 155) con-
struing section four of the act of March 31,
1868; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. JUDD. I move that the joint resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and that it be printed.
Mr. COX. I desire the joint resolution to
be read at length.
The Clerk read as follows :
Beitretolved, &c.. Section!. That thesaid section
lour of the act entitled "An act to exempt certain
manufactures from internal tax, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 81.1868, was not intended
to embrace within its provisions or treat as manu-
iacturers pork-packers, lard venders, or others en-
gaged in smoking hams, canning meats, or others
'Down as in the provision trade, and said section
«nall not be so construed by any public officer,
bsc. 2. That the taxes already collected from such
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 78.
persons tinder said section shall be refunded to them,
according to tlie general law with referenco to taxes
improperly or illegally collected.
Mr. COX. I would like to say one word.
This is substantially the same as a resolution
I offered on that subject some four weeks ago.
The law is now being euforced by the revenue
department and is working great hardship. I
hope the Committee of Ways and Means will
act upon it at once. It is a matter which con-
cerns the whole provision business of the United
States, and 1 believe the members of the com-
mittee are all agreed upon it.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
priuted.
grant of lands.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1191) granting lands to aid the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from the Colum-
bia river to Puget sound; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
refunding hospital money.
Mr. DIXON, by unanimous consent, re- |
ported back from the Committee on Commerce, !
with the recommendation that it do pass, the ;
joint resolution (H. R. No. 133) for the refund-
ing of hospital money collected of the whaling
bark Hamilton.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that there be refunded to Zenas L.
Adams, managing owner of the whaling bark
Hamilton, of New Bedford, Massachusetts,
out of any moneys in the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of $130 20, it being for so much money exacted
by A. W. Clark, late United States consul at
Valparaiso, of the master of the whaling bark
Hamilton for hospital tax, to which whaling
vessels are not liable, said amount having been
covered into the United States Treasury.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The resolution ought to
go to a committee.
Mr. BUPPINTON. It was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and has just been
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass. Here is a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury which gives all the facts.
Mr. DIXON. The money which the joint
resolution proposes to refund was collected
from the master of the whaling ship Hamilton
contrary to law. The matter has been exam-
ined by the Secretary of the Treasury. It is
their own money, and they only ask that it be
refunded. The only difficulty about it is that
there was no protest made at the time.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I now ask that the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury may be
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Department, February 2,1870.
Sin: In answer to your verbal inquiry of this
morning, I have the honor to inform you that the
hospital tax was collected on the whaling bark
Hamilton by the United States consul at Valparaiso
on the 21st of January, 1869, which was illegal, as
the crews of whaling vessels are not admitted to
United States hospitals; but as no written protest
was made by the master, as required by law, and
the amount having been covered in the Treasury,
Congress alone has the power to authorize its refund.
Very respectfully,
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
lion. Jauss Buffinton.
Mr. DIXON demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
j tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
i to be engrossed and read a third time; and
j being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. DIXON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
] also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
steam navigation.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of the Louisville commer-
cial convention, in favor of granting aid to the
Mediterranean and Oriental Steam Navigation
Company of New York, for the establishment
, of an American line of steamships between New
York, Norfolk, Charleston, Savannah, Bruns-
wick, Port Royal, Mobile, New Orleans, and
Cadiz, Marseilles, Genoa, Trieste, Venice, and
. other Mediterranean ports of southern Europe;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
; john kitts.
! Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (IT. R. No. 1192) granting a pen-
sion to John Kitts ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812.
j thomas j. fiss.
\ Mr. BURCHARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1193) granting a
pension to Thomas J. Fiss ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
pension laws.
Mr. DUVAL, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of
West Virginia, requesting amendments to the
: pension laws ; which was referred to the Com-
i mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
: printed.
withdrawal op papers.
On motion of Mr. CHAVES, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of Joel R. Curtis, for the purpose of send-
ing them to the Indian Bureau.
sale of land at springfield.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 156) au-
thorizing the sale of certain land at Springfield,
Massachusetts, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. DAWES. I ask that the joint resolu-
tion be put upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the Secretary of War to sell to Horace Kibbe,
of Springfield, Massachusetts, at its full value,
to be determined by the superintendent and
paymaster jointly of the national armory in
Springfield, a small attached piece of land be-
longing to but of no use or value to the public,
lying at the junction of Federal and Armory
streets, in Springfield, and containing about
forty-three square rods, on the condition that
the said Kibbe shall grant all that portion of
said lot lying to the south of the north line of
Grant street to the city of Springfield, for use
as a public park for ever. On full payment of
the appraised value and compliance with the
conditions, the Secretary of War is to execute
all necessary deeds for the conveyance of the
lot to the purchaser thereof. The second sec-
tion declares Byers street, heretofore opened
on the public land at Springfield, Massachu-
setts, a public highway or thoroughfare for
general use.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is a local matter in
the gentleman's district, and it is ungracious
to oppose it; but he will pardon me for say-
ing that land in Springfield is valuable, and
if we should need more we should have to pay
a high price for it.
Mr. DAWES. I will state to the gentleman
that the public grounds at the Springfield ar-
mory are in the form of a, square, but there is
at one side this little flat-iron shaped piece ot
land containing forty-three square rods, lhe
whole square is inclosed by a high iron fence,
excepting this little piece of land. The owner
of the adjoining property proposes to purchase
it so as to straighten his line, and he will give
the rest to the public. Everybody agrees to
it as it is worth nothing to the Government.
'Mr. MAYNARD. Has the gentleman any
