1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3121
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that ike report be
"^The report was read. It states that on or
about the a 1st July, ISM. this ofhcerwas cap-
tured by the enesnvaiid was dismissed from the
fcrvice : tl-at upon a statement of Ins case after
his exchange the orderof dismissal was revoked
and he was discharged ; that an application was
'made to restore liitn to his command, and that
Genera! Canby, in the expectation that the
application would be granted, assigned Lira to
duty, and the officer actually performed duty
from February 'X, 1865, to November 8,1865,
during which "period he participated in sevoral
engagements. The committee believe he ought
to Wpaid for the time he was actually on active
duty.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. S'LOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved thai the motion to recousider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
charges of desertion.
Mr. STO UGHTON. I have been instructed
by the Committee on Military Affairs to report
for consideration at this time a joint resolution
in regard to charges of desertion in cases of
soldiers honorably discharged.
Mr. RAN DALL. Is that a private bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that it is not a private bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not know that I am
opposed to the bill, but I object to public bills
being considered daring the time set apart for
private bills.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
alokzo b. richards.
Mr. STOUGHTON also, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported back adversely
a bill (H. R. No. 743) for the relief of Lieuten-
ant Alonzo B. Richards, and moved that the
committee be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that the same be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to; and it was
ordered accordingly.
FORT CRAIG MILITARY RB8RRVATIO.V.
Mr. STOUGHTON also, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution
(H. K. No. 274) relating to Fort Craig military
reservation; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution, which was read, directs
the Secretary of War to retain possession of
Fort Craig military reservation, in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, if in bis judgment the
same is required for the use of the Govern-
ment, and directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to withhold any payment of rent for said
reservation to the heirs of Pedro Armendariz
for or upon a pretended lease of the same,
unless the payment of such rent shall be
adjudged and deereed by a court having com-
petent jurisdiction thereof.
Mr. RANDALL. Is this a private bill ?
Mr. STOUGHTON. It is a private bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wonld hold
that it is a private bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to hear some
explanation of it.
Mr. STOUGHTON. This subject came be-
fore the Committee on Military Affairs on the
petition of the heirs of Don Pedro Armenda-
riz for relief. An act of Congress was passed
in I860 confirming a certain grant of land, on
the Rio Grande river, to the heirs of Armen-
dariz. Long before that time Fort Craig had
been established upon this very grant of land,
but there was nothing in the papers before Con-
gress at the time the act was passed confirming
the grant to show that FortCraig was upon this
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 196.
reservation. After that aot waa passed certain
parties applied to the officers in charge of that
tbrtand demauded reut for tho land upon which
it was located. A lease was made, providing
that there should be paid by the Government
an annual rental of $2,000 in gold, and that
at the expiration of the lease the Government
should surrender to the parties claiming to be
entitled to the land the fort, with all the im-
provements connected therewith, amounting in
value to over fifty thousand dollars. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs are of opinion, iu the
first place, that the lease was defective and in-
sufficient, and, iu the next place, that there is
no evidence whatever to show that Fort Craig
is located upon the land really belonging to
the heirs of Artnendaris.
The committee, therefore, have instructed
me to report a joint resolution requiring the
War Department to retain possession oi' this
fort, and directing the Treasury Department
to pay no mouey upon this pretended lease
until it shall be adjudged proper by some court
of competent jurisdiction. As a portion of
my remarks I ask that the report accompany-
ing this resolution be published in the Globe.
No objection was made, aud it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. CHAVES called for the reading of the
report; which is as follows:
Tho Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred the petition of the heirs of Pedro Armen-
, darii, lor the use aud occupation of Fort Craig mil-
itary reservation, respectfully submit tho following
report:
The claim ii this ease is made by M. Armoadariz,
administrator and heir of Don Pedro Armendaris,
deceased, for himself and other heirs of the decedent,
for rent arising out of a pretended lease of the land
on which Fort Craig is located.
The lease upon wliioh this rent is claimcd was made
the ZTth day of January, 13(35, between Manuel Ar-
mendaris, as above stated, and Colonel Mcl'erran,
quartermaster United State." Army, by order of Gen-
eral Cutlen, commanding at Fort Craig, for the period
oT five years, with an annual rent of 52,000, gold coin,
that being the amount of a commission of arbitra-
tors; and containing a farther agreement that the
lessee, or his successor in office, should deliver, after
the expiration of the live years, quiet and peaceable
possession, together with all tho rights, uses, and
improvements which now exist or may hereafter be
made by the Government.
There bad been three prior leases, one dated Feb-
ruary 15,1851, one dated May 22,1858, and one dated
May 25, 1859, each providing for an annual rental of
one dollar per year. These leases contained similar
provisions in regard to improvements, and the only
one which was submitted to the Quartermaster Gen -
eral, that of May 2i 1858, was declared to be inad-
missible, as a combination of a lease and contract
unauthorized by law, and not in accordance with
the act of April 21,1S0S.
The lease of January 27,1865, upon which $2,000
per year in gold coiais claimed, and which contains
the remarkable provision forthe surrenderof all the
rights and improvements at Fort Craig, amounting
to over $50,000, was never approved by the Quarter-
! master General or War Department, and it does not
appear that it was ever submitted for consideration
until it was presented for payment, when it was vir-
I tually.disapprovcd by a refusal to authorize orrecom-
mend such payment.
There are two valid objections to the form of this
lease:
Firtt. It stipulates to grant, bargain, or give away
tbe property of the United States in violation of \
law.
Seeond. It is imperfectly executed. The heirs of '
Pedro Armendaria, deceased, iivein number, aro rap-
resented as his executors, but the lease is executed
by one only, representing himself as administrator.
There is a saving clause running through all these
leases evincing a doubt and uncertainty about the
title of Armendariz to this land, and providing that
they shall bo void if there is a better outstanding
title. The title of thetlaimantsis based upon a pre-
tended "Spanish grant" in 1820, which it is alleged
is protected by the treaty of Gaudalupe Hidalgo in
1848. Under this treaty the Dnited States succeeded
to the rights and liabilities of Mcxico in the ceded
territory, and no more. The provision in this treaty
for the protection of property owned inNew Mexico
is merely declaratory of the recognized law in case
Of a eonquered territory.
In 185i> proceedings were instituted under the act
of July 22, 1854, to procure a confirmation of this
grant. On the 21st of June, 1860, an act of Congress
i was passed confirming this with a number of other
| grants, but providing that such confirmation shall
: only operate as aquit claim on the part of the United
States, and shall not affect any adverse right. But
this act neither settles the boundaries, location, or
identity of the land. It only relinquishes the right
of the Uovcrnmcnt as tbe sovereign to that grant,
wherever it. might be. There is nothing in tne de-
i scription of land in the grant conferred ny Congress '
i which shows or tends to show that it covers the Fort >.
Craig reservation. On the contrary, tho description
is manifestly too vnguo and uncertain. By supply-
ing the words "which is to servo us a contor" after
tile word "hills," the lirst boundary mentioneil.it
might, perhaps, bo different; but these words, if iu
tho original Spanish, are not in tho certiliod copies
upon which Congress acted in making the confirm-
ation, and which must control.
FortCraig was occupied as a military post for yenrs
before any proceedings were taken to confirm the
Armendariz grant. Substantial Government build-
ings had been erected at tho cost of over fifty thousand
dollars. Yet in the proceedings to confirm the grant
no reference is found to the fact that the Government
occupy any part of tho land, A laud mark of such
an important character ooukl not have escaped tho
attention of the claimants or tho surveyor gen eral.
Tho omission is convincing if not conclusive proot
that neither tho claimants nor Conpres* umh-1-.-tood
that Fort Craig was within tho limits of this grant.
Is it prohablo that Congross would absolutely relin-
quish the right of the Government to a military reser-
vation upon whieli improvements to tho amount of
$50,000 bad been plaeed? This will hardly be pro-
tended. In tho most favorable light in which this
claim can bo viewod tho Armendaris heirs make
their own ooncealinent of a material faottlio ground
of their application for relief.
Tho military otiicors who took this loaso wcro
doubtless led into an error by tho claim of title ou
tho part of the heirs of Armendariz, but thoir action
does not strengthen their title nor impair that of tho
Government.
The committco recommend tho adoption of tho
following joint resolution.
When the report had been partly read,
Mr. CHAVES said: I will withdraw my call
for the reading of the report if the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Stoughton] will yield to
me for a few moments, that I may make a
statement of tbe facts in tbis case.
Mr. STOUGHTON. Certainly, I will yield
to the gentleman.
Mr. CHAVES. I do not know exactly what
there is in that report; but from the conversa-
tions I have had with the gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Stoughton] in reference to this
matter, I am satisfied that the committee have
come to a wrong conclusion in stating that the
Fort Craig military reservation i3 not upon the
property which was granted to Don Pearo Ar-
mendariz. Now, here is tbe book containing
the papers in the case. Here are the original
documents in Spanish, with their translations
in English. Every gentleman on this floor
knows, for no intelligent man can be ignorant
of the fact, that the Territory of New Mexico
was originally a province of the kingdom of
Spain, and eventually of the republic of Mcx-
ico. When a man made a petition for a grant
of lands, in what language was he obliged in
make known bis wishes to the proper author-
ities? Most certainly in the Spanish languagj.
As I understand, the report of the committee
assnmes that these parties have not a proper
claim against the Government from the foot
that in the English translation of the petition
on which tbe title rests the language is as fol-
lows:
" i appear before your excellency with all proper
respect, and state that being the owner of Valverde,
which is tillable land, and keeping thereon a certain
nnmber of horses and cattle, which animals increase,
i pray your excellency to have the kindness to grant
ine, where £ can place my sheep and enablo them to
bring forth their young, the following unoccupied
land, to wit: opposite the bend (ancon) of Valverde,
on the opposite side of the river, the first boundary
being opposite to the Mesilla del Contadero, whiun
said bend (ancon) joins the hills," &o.
Now, the gentlemen of the committee say
that in tbis description there is no initial point;
but let us turn to the Spanish, in whicn lan-
guage it was that the petition was made upon
which the Congress of the United States in
1860, I believe, confirmed this land to Don
Pedro Armendariz and his heirs. The Spanish
version, literally translated, reads as follows:
" Opposite the bend of Valverde, on the other lido
of the river, there is a little ancon or bottom, the
which shall serve as a center"—
That is an initial point—
being the first boundary line opposite the Mesilla
del Contadero. where the said little bend strikes the
hills.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I submit most respect-
fully to this House that the report of the com-
mittee is entirely without proper foundation,
and I trust the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Stoubhton] will permit me to make a motion
