5010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
responsibility, and that the act practically
amounts to repudiation. It takes away the
redress of the claimant against the Government
of t.he United States.
But this seems not enough. The amendment
of the Senate will deprive the American tax-
payer of the right of seeking redress for his
wrongs at the hands of those who committed
them. You deprive him of the right of attach-
ing the property of a thief and assassin. Why?
Because, "Lo! this is our red brother, the
ward of the nation, whose code of chivalry does
not permit him to work, and who on that
accountmustbcfed and clothed by the nation."
Under the law as it now is the whole tribe is
responsible for the depredation of any single
member; a good, practical method, though in
law it might be considered an enormity to
make an entire nation or tribe responsible for
the crimes of one of its members. This good
system it is now proposed to abandon. Why ?
Because the Indian commissioner may possi-
bly be short of cash, and thus difficulties may
arise if he cannot buy all the blankets stip-
ulated by the treaty.
But it may be said that the wronged party
can go t-0 Congress and devoutly pray that body
to grant him relief by passing a bill in his favor.
Sir, this is substituting grace and favoritism
for right and law. It. is a poor substitute for
the right of the aggrieved party to pursue the
thief and assassin and make him responsible.
You propose to compel the claimant to seek
his redress by going through the " circumlocu-
tion office" here in Washington. There are
" Barnacles" enough all the world oyer ; and
the few months I have spent in Washington as
a member of this body have taught me that
"Barnacles" are not wanting in this fair city.
Formerly if one of our white citizens had a
claim against the Indians he could apply to the
Indian agent in his own district to give him a
certificate that the claim was well fouuded;
and with that certificate he could go before the
Indian office here and get his money. It. is
true the annuity may be exhausted, or other
circumstances might not permit the Indian
Commissioner to pay the claim. In that case
I believe it would bo more appropriate that the
Indian Commissioner should go before this
body and, under the plea of a deficiency bill,
ash to be furnished with what is wanted.
But it is cruelty to compel the frontierman
who has suffered injury or loss to come thou-
sands of miles as an applicant for relief before
this body and worm his way through all the
intricacies of the lobby. 1 know it may appear
very funny to a good many gentlemen on this
floor who are not acquainted with frontieu life
to see one of these rough frontiermen, clad
in homespun and deer-skin, dancing attend-
ance before Congress and trying to get his
just claims through. I love a joke; I might
join iu the laugh, were it not so extremely sad
to see such excessive cruelty inflicted on a
fellow-citizen who pays the taxes with which
this Government feeds and clothes—ay, aud
arms the Indians; arms furnished ostensibly
to hunt the buffalo, but in reality to make the
Indian a match for his while neighbor. Do
you believe that the frontiermen indorse such
policy? Docs it look like an indorsement of
your policy, what is at present going on in
Texas? An indorsement, indeed 1 which threat-
ens complications with the republic of Mexico
and bloody war in our reservations. Our Legis-
lature passed a few days ago, almost unani-
mously in both houses, a ranger bill, involving
an expense of $1,200,000 for a single year. Our
annual revenue is not morethanhalf a million.
Thus more than twice the yearly revenue of
the Stale is devoted to the protection of the
bleeding frontier. The emergency must, in-
deed, be great when it induces the Legislature
thus lo lavish its money for such purposes.
Gentlemen acquainted with the frontier know
precisely what is meant by callitiga ranger regi-
ment. into the field. It means war ; nothing
else. It means aggressive war, not mere front-
ier defense. The Texas boys, when they get
upon a trail, are accustomed to " tree their
game." They will tree these Indians,whether
they be in the Santa Rosa mountains of Mex-
ico or upon your reservation between Arkansas
and Texas. How does this eventuality, which
is as sure as fate, suit the tasto of those gen-
tlemen who advocate and admire the system
now pursued in Indian matters—the system
which we frontiermen call " Quaker policy?"
I beg gentlemen to excuse the phrase; it is
the name current on the frontier, the name of
that policy of forbearance and humanity which,
with Bible in hand, tries to bear conviction to
the minds of the Indians that their habit of
cutting off other men's hair is so very wicked.
[Laughter.]
The frontier people, sir, look upon the
Indians as savages—savages who camiot be
tamed, who must be treated as the savage
beasts of the forest. The frontier people think
that it would be cruelty to themselves aud to
their little ones if they desired of the Indians
what these cannot possibly do—-behave like
civilized men. They think not. of the wrongs
of the white man to the Indian, but of the
wrongs tliey daily suffer at the hands of these
red savage fiends.
The Mexican Indians come three hundred
miles to steal and scalp aud murder. I hold
a letter in my hand with the news that Indians
robbed within three miles from San Antonio,
and San Antonio is a city of twenty thousand
inhabitants. And with these facts before you,
showing that our Government gives no protec-
tion for our lives, you ask that we shall give up
the poor claim of taking our property where
ever we can find it, or of attaching the prop-
erty of the thieves and assassins who robbed
ns and murdered our friends and relations.
You desire that we shall go and beg at your
door what a free American is wont to claim
as his right, I trust that the sense of justice
iu this House is such that it will not concur in
the amendment of the Senate, and leave the
law, insufficient as it is, just as it is, until it
can be amended as it originally was.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. Speaker, [concur
fully in nearly everything the honorable gen-
tleman who has just taken his seat, has said in
regard to this amendment. It is changing the
law in existence almost from time immemorial,
that when a tribe of annuity Indians take a
frontierman's cattle and kill them andeattliem,
on proper proof being made a deduction shall
be made from the next annuity to bo paid to
those Indians and turned over to the man who
has been despoiled of his property. The prin-
ciple is essentially just, and there is no reason
for changing the existing law except the clamor
which has risen on account of the reputation
that the Indian department has had before the
country. If the Indian department stood as
well before this country as the Treasury Depart-
ment there ia not a man in this House who
would think of making the change proposed
by this amendment. It has been popular for
years past, and perhaps with a great deal of
truth, to question everything that the Indian
Bureau should suggest. Now we have an honest
administration of Indian affairs, and 1 trust
tlmt justice to the people who are liable to be
despoiled by these Indians will bo considered
by Congress.
Now look at il. A poor frontierman has
his two cows—all that he has, and which con-
stitute the principal support of his family—and
those cows are killed by a band of Indians
receiving $30,000 annually from the Govern-
ment of the United States. To pass this
amendment will drive such a man for relief
for the loss he has sustained to Congress, which
would be a great hardship*. As it is now, he
makes his complaint to the Indian agent, who
sends the case with the proof to the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, and on the approval
by the Secretaiy of the Interior the fronliei-
mati is ordered to be paid out of the next
annuity due to the Indians who despoiled the
property. There is not a gentleman here but
will say that it is right and just.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
says that the man who has had his cow worth
fifty dollars stolen from him by the^ Indians
should come to Congress for relief. Why
should our people be-driven to this hardship?
It is just as much as to say that the Indians
may rob and plunder our people without mak-
ing compensation.
Mr. PAINE. I hope my friend from Minne-
sota will not understand me as justifying the
proposed change of the law. I called the
attention of the gentleman from Texas to what
I supposed it was. I left out of the question
whether I would vote for it or not.
Mr. WILKINSON. I think I went a little
too far in my remark in reference to my friend
from Wisconsin. I believe if this House un-
derstood the hardships of the people on the
frontiers, and whose properly is liable to be
stolen from them by the Indians, they would
not favor this amendment. I hope it will be
voted down.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker. I trust the
amendment of the Senate will be concurred
in. It is the strong desire of the Secretary of
the Interior, as well as of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, that this amendment shall
be concurred in. We have cut down the
Indian appropriations for the coming year to
the lowest possible point-
Now, if those funds which we provide to
carry on the service next year can be ab-
sorbed as soon as they are appropriated to
pay old claims, we leave the Indians to starve.
We will leave, of course, the service deficient in
the means whereby it can be sustained. We
provoke these very wars which gentlemen
deprecate. I say to the gentleman that the
Quaker policy is better than the langer policy.
The ranger policy iu Texas costs you this year
$1,200,000 out of the $500,000 revenue of your
State, or double your income. You treat the
Indians "like wild beasts! " Do not they re-
taliate upon you by murdering your women
and children when you treat them so? Do
you expect them to do otherwise? You sneer
at the Quakers who go with Bibles in their
hands among the Indians. I do not know
whether they go with Bibles in their hands or
not.
Mr. DEGENER. I desire to make a re-
mark there.
Mr. SARGENT. I ha\;e no time to yield
to the gentleman.
Mr. DEGENER. I wish to say that people
will not go there and attack the Indians if the
United States Government-would protectthem;
but the Government will not do that..
Mr. SARGENT. You would have no diffi-
culty if you treated the Indians in the same
way as the Quakers' have treated the Indians
among whom they have labored, they having
taken the wild Kiowas and Comauches, as
wild as the Kickapoos who fight you on the
Texan frontiers. 1'hey have gathered the chil-
dren into schools ; they have clothed the naked
in the garb of white men; they have induced
the women to learn to sew and do domestic
work, and are building up schools and churches -,
they are making out of your wild beasts par-
tially civilized communities, and illustrating
in their two superintendencies the advantage
to the whites of mercy over hate. Such is the
difference between going to them with the Bible
iti their hands, and going to them with the rifle
in hand and treating them like wild beasts.
We are trying to explode this system, by which,
after driving away the Indians from their fer-
j tile lands to places where they starve, ihey
may be shot down like beasts for taking from
us the tood not otherwise lo be had. Some
fallow with a lot of worthless cattle drives
them through their territory, under their very
noses, with intent that thev shall be seized,
and when they are seized he claims fabulous
|| prices, on trumped up testimony, before, the
Departments. I do not brand every claim as
