2178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
Mr. KELSEY. I rise toaquestion of order.
Is there any question before the House which
the gentleman is discussing ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair, as is the cus-
tom, submitted executive documents, but not
with the ideatliat they would give rise to debate.
A single objection would return the message
to the table.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Ididnotrise
to make any extended remarks.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to move to print
extra copies of the message?
The SPEAKER. It is in order to refer a
resolution to that effect to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. COX. I will make that motion, without
asking for its reference, in order that my col-
league may continue his speech.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be bound
to enforce the regular order, which is the con-
sideration of the Utah bill. The Chair has
already stated that, as is customary, he referred
executive documents on the Speaker's table ;
but if the message gives rise to debate the
Chair will withdraw it.
Mr. SCHENCK. That was t lie very pur-
pose for which I arose. I do not understand
that any motion to refer and print was made
which could be the subject of debate; but that
the Speaker, availing himself of the usual
courtesy of the House, presented the message,
and suggested that it should be printed and
referred to the committee having charge of
the subject to which the message relates.
The SPEAKER. As the liouse well knows,
it is the custom of the Chair to present and
have referred executive documents by unani-
mous consent of the House. In accordance
wilh that custom the Chair laid before the
House, among other executive communica-
tions, this message from the President of the
United States, and stated that it would be re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Causes
of the Reduction of American Tonnage.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order Coi me to
move the printing of extra copies of this .val-
uable document, in order that my colleague
[Mr. Brooks] may proceed?
The SPEAKEU. It would be in order for
the gentleman to make that motion if he had
the lloor.
Mr. COX. Then, 1 suppose, 1 am not on the
lloor. [Laughter. ]
The SPEAKER. Not for that purpose.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I would inquire
what has become of the message?
'1 he SPEAKER. If the gentleman insists
upon his right to debate it the Chair will be
compelled to recall the message and lay it upon
the Speaker's table.
Mr. BROOKS, ol New York. Then let it
go there, although I doubt the power of the
Chair to withdraw a document after it has been
submitted to the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asked leave to
present the message, as is often done iu the
case of executive documents. Does the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] object
to that being done by the Chair?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If I cannot
be heard upon it. then let it go to tho Speaker's
table.
The SPEAKER. It will take its place on
the Speaker's table, and when the Chair again
presents it the gentleman from New York will
have no right to speak upon it, but tho Chair
will have to recognize some member of the
committee that is charged with the considera-
tion of the subject.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. LYNCH. Would a motion now be in
order to lefer and print this message?
The SPEAKER. It would not, because the
message is not now before the House, but upon
the Speaker's table, as the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] objects to its being pre-
sented unless he is allowed to debate it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I did not wish
to say much, and had not my colleague [Mr.
Kelsey] raised the point of order on me I
would have been through long ago. But I
object to being cut off in this way. It would
have been improper in me to have availed
myself of the circumstance of the presentation
of this message by the Chair to have made a
long speech. Bat whenever a message from
the President comes before the House I claim
the right to make some brief comments upon
it of a proper character.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state,
for the information of members generally, that
the reference of executive documents, which
the Chair is in the habit of making, is out of
order if a single member objects. The Chair
has no more right to take an executive docu-
ment from the Speaker's table for reference
and printing than he has to take a Senate bill
from the table for action. But it has been the
usage of the House to allow it to be done with
out debate.
Mr. LYNCH. I move that there be printed
ten thousand extra copies of the message just
read.
The SPEAKER. The message is not before
the House, and the motion to print is not in
order except by unanimous consent.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. We had
better proceed iu order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for the regular
order of business.
POLYGAMY IN UTAH
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called lor, the House will now resume the con-
sideration of the bill reported from the Commit-
tee on the Territories (II. 11. No. 1089) in aid
of the execution of the laws in the Territory of
Utah, and for other purposes, upon which the
gentleman from Utah [Mr. Hoofer] is entitled
to the lloor.
Mr. HOOPEli, of [JLah. How much time
have 1 remaining of iny hour?
The SPEAKER. Forty-eight-minutes.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. 1 desire to yield
ten minutes of my time to the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Axtell, ] and 1 would be
obliged to the Chair to notify me when all my
time has run out except ten minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will do so.
Mr. HOOPER, ol Utah, then resumed and
concluded his remarks. [See Appendix.]
The SPEAKER, (during the speech of Mr.
Hooper, of Utah.) said : The gentleman from
Utah has now ten minutes remaining. He
requested the Chair to indicate when he had
reached that point.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I have not con-
cluded my remarks, but I propose to yield the
remainder of my time to the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Axtelt.. ] I will ask the con-
sent of the House that the residue of my speech
may be printed in the Globe.
Mr. COBURN. I hope there will be unani-
mous consent to allow the gentleman from
Utah to finish the delivery of his remarks.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to allow-
ing the gentleman from Utah to finish his
remarks and afterward to yield ten minutes to
the gentleman from California?
There was no objection.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, resumed and con-
cluded his remarks, and yielded ten minutes to
Mr. Axtell.
Mr. AXTELL. 1 desire to yield to my
colleague [Mr. Saroemt] for a brief explana-
tion.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Ward,] in the course of his speech
yesterday on this subject, made a remark which
1 did not observe till I saw it printed in the
Globe. Referring to myself, he endeavored to
explain my position upon this bill by the state-
ment that there wore Mormons iu my district.
I wish to say to him and t.0 the House, if it be
necessary for me to repel the idea that my vote
on any proposition could be controlled by such
considerations, that there is not to my knowl-
edge a single Mormon in my entire district.
Mr. WARD. My friend from California
[Mr. Sargent] is quite too sensitive about that
remark of mine. I understood that he had
Mormon constituents. If I am mistaken I
retract tho statement. I understand there are
some Mormons in California.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not know but that
there are as many as in the Oneida community
iu the State of New York.
Mr. WARD. That is not in my district. My
colleague from that district [Mr. Churchill]
will take care of that.
Mr. SARGENT. Neither is all California
in my district.
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Speaker, our opposition
to this bill is not to be understood as implying
any sympathy on our part with Mormonism or
any disposition to apologize for polygamy. I
believe that the Representatives from my State
unite on this subject with the Representative
from Nevada; and I do not know but that
the sentiment is universal on our western coast
that this bill is unnecessarily harsh and severe.
I do not know but that we are better acquainted
with the condition of affairs at Salt Lake than
many gentlemen who have discusscd this bill.
1 do not concur at all in any of the arguments
advanced by the Delegate from Utah or by any
other gentleman who may attempt to establish
the Christian rite of polygamy; and I trust that
no gentleman in this House is so tender-footed
as to be deterred from voting against the bill
for fear that his constituents will consider him
an impure man. I hope that we all stand too
high at home and here to find it at all neces-
sary to vote for a measure like this lest our
reasons for doing so might be misconstrued.
This legislation, as I understand, is not intended
simply that we may place ourselves right upon
the record, but is designed to benefit the citi-
zens for whom the law is especially enacted.
1 understand that the object of all just laws is
t he good of the governed, tho good of the whole
community wherein the law is to be enforced.
This proposed law is, I presume, intended for
the good of tho Mormon people, and is not
designed simply to justify ourselves as ami -
polygamists before the civilized world. There
is now a law oil our statute-books against
polygamy. It is well understood that we ;is
a people are opposed to the doctrine and the
practice.
But this bill is harsh, unnecessarily so. It
is substantially, whatever the learned gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Blair] may say upon
the point, a declaration of war. It provides for
theraisingof troops, for raising and equipping
an army to be sent out to Utah. Tho bill fur-
ther provides that when a man is convicted in
Utah of a particular crime his estate shall bo
confiscated and shall pass into tho hands of
administrators to be distributed. In this re-
spect the bill is, so far as I know, unlike any
other law upon our statute-book. The bill
expects to make paupers and outcasts of a
large portion of the people of that State. It
provides for appropriating $100,000 to be ex-
pended in supportingthose purposes. The bill
is harsh, ill-considered, and changes in many-
regards the jury system of the country. It is
a law which will of necessity break up and
destroy what is now a prosperous community.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I should be untrue to the
best instincts of my nature if I did not speak
kindly of that community. When I have
crossed the plains, before the railroad was com-
pleted, and going after a five days' and nights'
stage-ride into that village, worn out with the
fatigue of traveling over the plains, I have been
received with kindness and hospitality in Chris-
tian families. And by the appearances on a
visit to that place everything characterizes it as
one of the best-governed villages in tlio land.
Everywhere were seen cleanliness, thrift, in-
dustry, education, schools, and love of music.
Indeed, there is more attention paid to music
in that Territory than in any other one of our
