1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3123
junction of pacific railroads.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 580) to fix the point of junction
of the Union Pacific Railroad Cotnpauy and the
Central Pacific Railroad Company; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
read a third time.
The bill was read. It provide* that the
common terminus and point ofjunction of the
Union Pacific Railrqad Compauy and the Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company shall be defin-
itely fixed and established on the line of rail-
road as now located and constructed northwest
of the station of Ogdei;, and within the limits
of section thirty-six of township seven, of ratige
two, situate north and west of the principal
meridiauaud baseline in the Territory of Utah,
and it authorizes the said companies to enter
upon, use, and possess said section and sections
twenty-five, twenty-six, and thirty-five of town-
ship seven, of range two, and section six of
township six, and sections thirty and thirty-
one of township seven, of range one; all situate
north aud west of said principal meridian and
base line, with the same rights, privileges, and
obligations now by law provided with reference
to other lands granted to said railroads; pro-
vided, however, that the Secretary of the Interior
shall designate a sectiou of land in said town-
■hip belonging to said companies, and rererve
the same for the benefit of schools in said Ter-
ritory, in accordance with the act of February
21, 1855, establishing the office of surveyor
general of Utah and to grant land for school
and university purposes; provided, also, that
said companies shall pay for any additional lands
acquired by this act at the regular Government
price; and provided further, that no rights of
private persons shall be affected by this act.
Mr. COX and Mr. INGERSOLL rose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to inquire of
the gentleman who has charge of this bill, the
chairman of the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, whether the committee have examined
this bill?
Mr. COX. I was about to make a motion
to refer this bill to that committee.
Mr. WHEELER. I hold in my hand, with
instructions from the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, a counterpart of this bill. It simply
fixes the point ofjunction of these railroads in
accordance with the act passed during the last
Congress. It also authorizes the companies to
take and enter upon a section of school lands,
but with directions to the Secretary of the In-
terior to substitute for it a section of their own
lands. In addition it permits the companies
to take several sections of the Government
lands on payment of the Government price
therefor. The obtaining of these lands is
rendered necessary by reason of the fact that
at this junction extensive shops will be erected
and hundreds of workmen will be employed,
and necessarily mast have homes in the imme-
diate vicinity. We have now an opportunity
without expense to the Government to intro-
duce a little of the Gentile element into the
Mormon kingdom. The establishment of a
Gentile city underthe very shadow of the walla
of great Salt Lake City will, in my judgment,
be more effectual in destroying polygamy than
any thunderbolts of war which we may forge
here. As both the railroads are agreed upon
it, as nothing is required from the Government,
and as all private interests are protected, I
can see no just objection to the bill. I demand
the previous question upon it.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was ordered toathird read-
ing; and it was accordingly read the third time.
The question was on the passage of the bill.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I desire to inquire of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wheeler]
whether the passage of this bill fixing the junc-
tion of the two roads will in any manner com-
plicate affairs so as to require the Government
■ to pay a double so bsidy for any part of the road ?
Mr. WHEELER. It will not donate any-
thing at all. Every section of land that these
companies take they pay the Government
|| price for.
j! Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then the Govern-
!' ment will not incur any additional obligations.
Mr. WHEELER. No additional obligation
, whatever. I demand the previous question on
j the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill wa3 passed.
Mr. WHEELER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved thai the motion to reconsider belaid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national union savings-bank.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 550) to incorporate the National
Union Savings-Bank of the District of Colum-
bia; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
l-uuuc buildings at little rock.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 334) to provide for a building suited
to the use of the post office, the revenue officers,
and the judicial officers of the United States in
the city of Little Rock, Arkansas ; which was
read a first and second time, and, on motion
of Mr. Beaman, referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
alexander c. twining.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 704) for the relief of Alexander
C. Twining; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Patents.
shawnee and quapaw treaty.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 168) explanatory
of the provisions of the fourth article of the
treaty of February 3, 1867, with the Shawnee,
Quapaw, and other Indians; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
cairo and jtulton railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 165) extending the
time for the completion of the first section of
twenty miles of the Cairo and Fulton railroad;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. HAWLEY. I ask that that joint reso-
lution be put upon its passage.
_ Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask my colleague to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. HAWLEY. For what purpose?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to make a motion
to refer.
Mr. HAWLEY. No; I cannot yield for that
purpose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I want to say a
word with regard to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has recognized
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. HawleyJ who
represents the Committee on the Public Lands.
The joint resolution provides that in case the
Cairo and Fulton Railroad Company shall com-
plete the first section of twenty miles of said
road by the 20th day of December, 1870, and
the Secretary of the Interior shall be satisfied
of such completion, that then the said company
shall be entitled to its lands in all respects and
to the same extent as it would have been had
it been completed by the 28th of April, 1870, as
provided by the law relating to said railroad
company.
Mr. HAWLEY. As will be seen from the
reading of the resolution, its only object is to
extend the time so as to enable the company
to complete the first section of twenty miles of
the road. The act making the appropriation
of lands was passed in 1866, and it was provided
that this first section of twenty miles should be
completed by the 28th day of July last. At the
last session of this Congress the Committee
on the Public Lands reported and the House
passed a resolution extending the time nine
months. That time expired the day before yes-
terday. In anticipation of the expiration of
the time, the company not having completed
the twenty miles and the people of the section
of the country through which it passes being
anxious that the road shall be built, this bill
was presented to the Senate and passed the
Senate, and a bill exactly similar has been ex-
amined by the Committee on the Public Lauds
of the House and unanimously agreed upon, and
the only object of this resolution is to give this
railroad company until December next to com-
plete this section of twenty miles.
Mr. KELSEY. Has the company com-
menced the construction of the road?
Mr. HAWLEY. I do not know that it has;
but I will explain before I sit down its exact
condition as it is represented to the Committee
on the Public Lands. It is now in the hands
of a company of men who have capital, and we
have every assurance that they will go on at an
, early day and complete this sectiou of twenty
] miles before the time mentioned in December
! next. I wish to state also that the counties and
! cities perhaps through which this road is to
j pass have subscribed liberally for the purpose
of its construction. The grant is of the small-
est limit which Congress ever makes, I believe,
of ten sections to the mile. The law which
appropriates this land to this railroad also pro-
vides that this railroad company shall in all
future time transport free of expense to the
Government all troops and supplies of the
Government; which is a very unusual pro-
vision to be placed in any bill. Now, as the
object of this joint resolution is well under-
stood, I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading, and read a third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
! Mr. HOLMAN. Upon that question I call
; for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
I yeas and nays; and upon a division there
i were—ayes 17, noes 79 ; not one fifth voting
i in the affirmative.
| Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers on ordering
' the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers ; and there were sixteen in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were accordingly not
ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. HAWLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
union pacific railway.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 129) to amend
section ten of an act entitled "An act granting
lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of a southern branch of the Union
Pacific railway and telegraph from Fort Riley,
Kansas, to Fort Smith, Arkansas.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask that that
joint resolution be laid aside without losing
its place upon the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. That will reqi
imous consent.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
first national bank of delhi.
The next business on the Speaker's table
■ was a bill (S. No. 746) authorizing the First
; National Bank of Delhi, New York, to change
its location; which was taken up, and read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
require unan-
