1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1235
There was 110 objection ; and the resolution
was adopted.
utah central railroad company.
jfr> "WHEELER. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report back, from the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, House bill No. 871, grant-
intr to the Utah Central Railroad Company a
ri°ht of way through '.lie public lands for the
construction of a railroad and telegraph, for
consideration at this time. It will not take up
but a few minutes' time.
Mr. DEWEESE. 1 object.
henry s. iialliday and dyas t. parker.
Mr. C11EBS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 1196) for the relief
of Henry S. Iialliday and Dyas T. Parker ;
which was read a first and second time, and,
with the accompanying papers, referred to the
Committee of Claims.
military bill.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committe on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
littohcd, That there be printed for the use of the
House fifteen hundred extra copies of House bill
No. 987. being a report from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
distribution of agricultural reports.
Mr. REEVES. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
Retolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be
directed to inquire into the expediency of reporting
a bill providing that in lieu of the present method
of distributing the annual reports of the Depart-
ment of Agriculture one copy of such reports shall,
as soon after their publication as practicable, bo
placed in each common school and other public
library in every State and Territory in the United
States: and that at one or more central localities
in each State and Territory, and at the Agricul-
tural Department building in the District of Co-
lumbia, depositaries be appointed by the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture, under whose direction copies
of the said annual reports shall be furnished by such
depositaries to all persons applying therefor, at a
price to be established by the Commissioner, not
exceeding the actual cost of publication and of
transmission by mail or express to such applicants.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the special order,
being the annual appropriation bill for legis-
lative, executive, aud judicial expenses.
The motion was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Blair in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the special order, being the
hill (H. R. No. 974) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1871.
The pending amendment was to strike out
the following:
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the House for the Congressional Globe,
tor reporting the proceedings of the House for the
session of the Forty-First Congress, $800 each,
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word.
Mr. Chairman, I do not desire to occupy the
attention of the committee any further than to
say I cannot consent to place myself in a false
position, or that the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations should occupy a false posi-
tion. I understood him to say yesterday that
this appropriation rested upon an existing con-
tract. The House having heard the contract
read are now fully aware that position is unten-
able. There is nothing in the contract requiring
or looking to an appropriation of this character.
the contrary, the contract, being executed
according to its terms, excludes the idea of any
additional compensation to any of the em-
ployes of the Globe.
Now, sir, I desire further to say that it is
not ou any personal grounds that I press this
motion. The chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations and other gentlemen have said
that these employes of the Globe discharge
their duties faithfully and well. I accord most
heartily my assent to that statement. They
deserve to be well compensated, but well com-
! pensated by those who employ them, and who,
! from the compensation they receive themselves,
are able to pay them well. The chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations has stated
that this appropriation is one of long standing,
that it has been made for the last fifteen years.
The gentleman was mistaken. It has been
for some eight or ten years the custom to
! appropriate this sum, but it is one of the
I abuses which have grown up in the House,
and which ought to be swept away. I urge
j upon the committee that it should now term-
I inate.
| Mr. WILLARD. I rise to oppose the amend-
' ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Davis,] and for the purpose of making an ex-
; planation.
J When the question was before the commit-
tee on the paragraph appropriating additional
; compensation to the Globe reporters in the
[ Senate I took occasion to estimate the amount
of compensation which each reporter would
get for reporting the proceedings of the House
for the previous day. I estimated that on that
basis each one of the reporters was receiving
something like sixty dollars per day. I believe
I reckoned four reporters and $10 30 as the
contract price for reporting.
Now, what I wish to say is that I had inquired
of the chairman of the Committee on Printing
what was paid under the contract for reporting
the proceedings of the House. I was told by
him on two successive occasions that the con-
tract allowed $10 30 per column for reporting
alone. After I made the remarks to which I
have referred the gentleman from California
[Mr. Sargent] said that this $10 30 covered
not only the reporting, but the composition,
the press-work, and the paper. In making this
statement the gentleman was partially in error
as well as myself. The amount covers the
reporting and, I believe, the composition, but
not the press-work or the paper. There is one
cent per page, or four cents per sheet, allowed
for every copy which the contractors furnish
to members, which is four times the cost.
While I have the floor allow me to say that
if there are any parties in this House who earn
the money they receive, it is, in my judgment,
| the reporters of the Globe. My only desire is
! that this matter shall be put on the basis of
j the contract. I now understand from the re-
1 porters of the Globe themselves, and from the
j publishers of the Globe, that they receive only
$4 50 per column for their reports. Certainly
that is not too much. I do not know that it is
enough. I should certainly be willing to pay
them as much as they will get with the addi-
tion of this appropriation. But in my judg-
ment the whole matter should be included in
the contract which compels the publishers of
the Globe to report the proceedings.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to add a word or two
to the remarks I formerly made about fulfilling
the contract. It is not stipulated in the con-
tract that the reporters of the Globe shall have
this additional compensation, but it was so
understood when the contractors made. I
have before me the estimates put in by the
three firms who tendered for this contract,
which has been made with one of them, Messrs.
Rives & Bailey, and I find that in each one of
those estimates there is this item: "extra
compensation paid ten reporters, at $1,000
each"—that is, $800 for each session —
" $16,000." That is in the proposition made
by Messrs. Rives & Bailey, iu the proposition
made by Joseph T. Crowell, and in the estimate
of the Congressional Printer.
Mr. WILLARD. The gentleman will allow
me to say that I understand from one of the
members of the firm of liives & Bailey, who
has been here this morning, that the firm en-
tered a protest at the time the contract was
made, and communicated it to the Committee
on Printing, against this extra compensation
being considered as a part of the expenses of
the Globe.
Mr. DAWES. I hope my friend will allow
me to make my own speech. I have no doubt
he can make a better one than I can, but I
would rather make my own.
Now, although this amount was put into the
estimate, it does not go to the contractors, and
the contractors have nothing to do with it.
It was put in as a part of the cost to the Govern-
ment. Messrs. Rives & Bailey, when it was put
into the estimate, protested againsthavingitnut
in that shape, because it might appear that it
would inure to their profit, and it does not inure
to their profit. They have nothing to do with
it. It is an expectation of the meu in front of
the Clerk's desk, and an expectation that runs
through the whole aftair. That is all there is of
it. The publishers of the Globe will be no poorer
if you strike this out, and no richer if you leave
it in. Whether it be cut off or appropriated,
it will make not a dollar's difference to the
persons who print the Congressional Globe.
But inasmuch as the reporters of the House
were made officers of the House, responsible
to the House, and inasmuch as all the other
officers of the House were paid an additional
sum several years ago, it catne to be the habit
to give these officers of the House, the report-
ers, $800 additional; and iu making their
engagements to work for the publishers of the
Globe, they have engaged in the expectation
that Congress will vote them this $800. That
is the foundation of it and that is the expecta-
tion.
Mr. BANKS. The reporters for the Globe
oughtto be officerBofthe House; but I remem-
ber perfectly well that when I proposed myself
a resolution making them such, and making
them responsible to the House, it was not
approved. The proprietors of the Globe claim
that the reporters are servants of their own;
that they appoint them as they please and dis-
charge them as they please, that the House has
no control over them whatever, and that they
work under a private contract, and are respons-
ible entirely and alone to the proprietors of the
Globe.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of the unsuc-
cessful attempt which my colleague made to
have the reporters made officers of the House;
but the House thought better of my colleague's
wisdom afterward, and did just what my col-
league said they ought to do; and now the
appointment of the reporters for the Globe
has to be approved by the Committee on Print-
ing, and they are officers of the House and
subject to the rules of the House.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, I have no doubt
that my colleague [Mr. Davis] in his propo-
sition to cut down this appropriation for the
reporters of the Globe is actuated by principles
of economy. I have no doubt that he is desir-
ous of saving to the Government the amount
that we propose to appropriate of $800 apiece
to these reporters of the Globe. His sincerity
and earnestness are attested by the fact that
he has occupied on two days the time of this
House on a proposition to save $4,800. I
submit that the expense involved in the con-
sumption of the time of the House is very
far in excess of the whole amount which he pro-
poses to save by cutting out this appropriation.
But my colleague does not appear to see that
these reporters are here for our benefit, and not
for the benefit of the printers of this news-
paper ; that we have brought them here upon
this floor that we can be in constant and fre-
quent communication with this organ that rep-
resents the proceedings of this House, and
that it would be an exceedingly injurious thing
to the record of the proceedings of the House
