1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4061
now made. _ It i3 provided in the thirty-sixth
section of this bill that allincoines derived from
the interest ou United States bonds shall be
taxed as other incomes ; they are put upon-the
same footing. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] proposes an amendment which will
go farther than that, and will require that there
shall be deducted live percent, from the amount
of the coupons representing the interest on any
bonds of the United Slates, the reduction to
be made at the time the disbursing officer of
the Treasury makes payment of the amount
called for by the coupons. In other words, it
proposes to say to the public creditor, "Be-
sides taxing any income that you derive from
your ownership of United States bonds the Gov-
vernment claims in addition to withhold a por-
tion of your interest, and thus virtually reduce
the amount of interest which it has promised
to pay you." ltis well that this question should
be met distinctly and clearly, becauso the an-
swer to it meets another question which is very
often occurring to our minds, "Why is it that
the United States, in its present prosperity and
resources; and still more in its future, the wealth-
iest, the richest, the most powerful of nations,
cannot go upon the market of the world and
obtain money at so low a rate of interest as can
other great Powers ?'' The answer to this ques-
tion is obvious to every one who will look into
it. It is because while we undertake to pay five,
or six, or sevenper cent, to the public creditor
we are continually raising questions whether
we will pay it or not in depreciated currency;
whether we will pay the full amount or will
scale it; whether, in short, we will meet our
obligations according to their tenor and effect.
Because of this doubt created in the mind of
the public creditor capitalists at home and
abroad refuse to lend to the Government of the
United States at as low a rate of interest as they
will lend to any tither of the great and wealthy
Powers of the world. That is the whole of it.
But gentlemen say, with some plausibility,
that while we tax other property it is unequal
not to tax the ownership of United States
bonds. That would be more plausible if in
our system of taxation we made no discrim-
inations on any account. But we do discrim-
inate. Take, for instance, the laud of the
country—the broa'.l farms and estates every-
where, constituting the body of the wealth of
these United Stales. The General Govern-
ment lays no finger of taxation upon them.
It taxes the incomes derived from them, but
not the property itself. Why? Because in
this country, above all others, we recognize
the fact that land underlies all the productive
industry of the country; that out of land as a
basis spring, in all their varied forms, the
interests upon which depend the prosperity of
the country. Therefore, we have said that as
a general rule land shall not be taxed by the
Government so long as we have other means
of raising the revenues we need ; and only in
a few exceptional cases have we levied any
direct tax upon land.
The same principle of discrimination applies
to the public credit. The public faith of a
nation is the life of the nation. The word of
a nation ought to be as inviolable as the word
of God. The pledge of the nation ought to be
the gospel of the people of the nation. When
we go into the market to borrow money we
are not in the same position as an individual
borrowing from another individual. As be-
tween one corporation and another, or between
corporations and individuals, the Government
reaches out and taxes, as between the contract-
ing parties, the proceeds or the interest of the
obligationswhich are given between them. But
in the case of the Government the wholepower
is on one side. All depends upon the faith of
the one party. No individual has a remedy
against the Government. No individual can
prevent the Government from reaching out its
hand and keeping back five cents on the dollar
"where it has promised to pay six. All that
can be depended upon is the public faith, the
understanding that when the Government, for
its own purposes, borrows money of its own citi-
zens or those of foreign countries it will stand
by its promise, and pay what it undertakes to
pay. There is no remedy against the Govern-
ment if it pursues a different course. Hence,
upon the faith in our Government depends its
ability in time of trial (and God knows what
trials we have recently gone through) to provide
the means for its own defense and the preser-
vation of its national existence.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. I rise to oppose the amendment,
and 1 shall occupy only a very few moments.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means is mistaken, if I understood his state-
ment correctly, in saying that I desire to im-
pose upon all bonds of the United States a tax
of five per cent, in addition to the tax already
paid upon the income from that source. My
proposition is only to charge five per cent, upon
the incomes derived from Government bonds,
precisely as you now do in the case of railroad
bonds, bank stock, and the securities of other
corporations. Whatever you pay in regard to
them my amendment proposes shall be paid in
regard to the bonds of the United States; no
more, no less.
Mr. SCHENCIv. 1 wish to explain. If the
gentleman will turn to section thirty-six, page
76, he will find that in "estimating the gains,
profits, and income of any person there shall
be included all income derived from any kind
of property, rents, interest received or accrued
upon all notes, bonds, and mortgages, or other
forms of indebtedness bearing interest, whether
paid or not, if good and collectable, interest
upon notes, bonds, or other securities of the
United States," that is to be returned as part
of the income.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, under existing
laws when you return your income you are re-
quired to give in the gains, profits, and income
arising from railroad bonds, bank stock, notes,
bonds, or anything else, and a diawback is
allowed on any amount upon which the tax of
five per cent, has been paid by the officers of
the corporations, who are authorized or re-
quired to retain it. That is the way the law
now stands. Look at the tax list furnished by
the assessors, and you will find that is the fact.
My proposition only requires that the income
from bonds of the United States, whether it is
going to residents or non-resident aliens, which
the disbursing officers are not presumed to be
informed, shall have this tax deducted by the
Secretary of the Treasury, or by the proper
disbursing officer, instead of being paid, as is
now the case in regard to our own citizens,
by the persons who have these incomes after
they have received their interest upon the bonds
they hold. It simply extends it to all persons,
whether citizens or aliens, residents or non-
residents; whatever objection applies to this
applies to all the other bonds referred to in this
section, and that is all there is in the proposed
amendment.
As to the good faith of the Government I
have only this to say : that when these bonds
were issued they were exempted from State
and municipal taxation expressly by the terms
of the law, but it was distinctly understood by
the very terms of the bill that they were to be
left open to Federal taxation, as all other
property is; and to-day in the funding bill
which the committee have brought before this
House they have put in a provision that those
bonds shall be exempt from Federal, State,
and municipal taxation, admitting on the very
face of it that the United States had the right
to tax the present bonds, which of course
these bondholders knew at the time they pur-
chased them. There is no bad faith in it at all;
and no nation has ever considered there was.
They have always been taxed so far as our
own people are concerned, with whom we are
expected to keep faith, I suppose. They are
required to pay this tax upon their incomes
arising from these bonds, and I only propose
to extend the tax to the bonds held by foreign
bondholders. It provides, also, the means of
paying the tax, so as to prevent perjury or
fraud in the returns. That is the whole object
I have in view.
When gentlemen refer us to England, and
talk about our Government not keeping faith,
let me refer to some of the English statutes as
stated by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Bdtlek] in a speech to be_ found in the
Congressional Globe, volume sixty-nine, sec-
ond session Fortieth Congress. He stated
that he extracted the provision from Senior's
Income Tax Law, London edition of 1863. It
is the handbook of English tax duties accord-
ing to which their tax law "is administered.
He showed that England time and again taxed
incomes, whether derived from English con-
sols or from other sources, whether held by
subjects or aliens, by residents or non-resi-
dents. In 1790 there was a duty of ten per cent,
levied upon all incomes above £200. The act
of 1803 levied five per cent, on incomes at
their sourccs, which it is stated was efficacious
in bringing almost as much to the revenue as
was obtained by a levy of ten per cent, on a
gross income. In 1800 the rate was again
fixed at ten per cent. It has been changed ac-
cording to the necessities of the Government.
Yet, sir, no man has impeached the integrity
of Great Britain because she imposed this tax.
Let us see what the House of Representa-
tives did in the Fortieth Congress. Mr. Cobb,
of Wisconsin, introduced the following reso-
lution, which was carried by a vote of 92 to 54:
" Resolved, Xhatthe Comniit.teeof Ways and Means
be, and Uiey uro heroby, instructed to report with-
out unnecessary delay a bill levying a tax of at least
ten per cent, on the interest of the bonds of the
United States, to bo assessed and collected annually
by the Secretary of the Treasury and such of his
subordinates as may be charged with the duty of pay-
ing tho interest on the bonded indebtedness of the
United States."
There are over thirty Republican Represent-
atives on this floor who voted for the resolu-
tion then. Those who voted in the affirmative
are as follows:
"Messrs. Adams, Archer, Delos It. Ashley, Ax-
tell, Baker, Barnco, Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Bing-
ham, Boles, Beyer, Buekland, Benjamin E. Butler,
Roderick It. Butler, Gary, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Cornell, Uovode, Oullom, Donnelly, Egales-
ton, Kla, Bldridfte. FarmiWorth, l('erns.-', Ferry. (*etz,
GollaUay. Uravely, (irover, Haiprht, Hawkins, Hinds,
Holman, llotehkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Humphrey,
lngersoll, -Johnson, Jones, Julian, ICeir, Ueorge W.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Logan, LoughridKC,
Marshall, SlcClurs, McCormick, McKee, Mercur,
Mullins, Mitogen, Newcomb, Niblack, Orth,Bhelps,
Bike, Polsley, i'ruyn, Randall, Raum, Robinson,
Roots, ltoss, Scolield, Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens,
Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Tabor, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas,
LawreneeS. Tiinible, Van Auken, Burt Van.Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Cadwalader 0.
Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne. Henry D. Wash-
burn, Wolker, William Williams, John T.Wilson,
Stephen lf. Wilson, Windom, and Woodward—92."
I would like to know what reason any of
these gentlemen cannowgive for voting against
the amendment I propose if they intend to deal
fairly with our own people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I renew
the amendment. Let me call the attention of
the House to one or two considerations which
impel me to vote for the collection of taxation
of the income of United States bonds in an
honest manner. I propose before we dispose
of this section to ask the House to vote upon
this proposition: that, as regards all inter-
est or coupons on the bonds or evidences^ of
debt of towns, cities, counties, municipalities,
States, or of the nation, there shall be deducted
five per cent, from the income before it is
paid to the holder. That is the law now, so
far as the letter is concerned, provided^ every-
body were honest. But instead of taxing the
income from the bonds, we tax only the sup-
posed income which the man will swear he hai
