1-870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5011
being of this kind, but many of those claims
are of that tainted character.
We propose that, instead of that system, the
funda which we put into the hands of the Pres-
ident and Secretary of the Interior to make
peace with the Indians shall be applied to that
purpose and to civilize them. We desire that
the policy of conciliation—call it the Quaker
policy, if you please—shall be applied to them,
and that they shall be treated as men with souls,
and not as wild beasts. And we. propose that
tthe money we dedicate to that purpose shall
not be given away to the Texan ranger, or any
other ranger, who may have his horse stolen
when on his way with his comrades to under-
take the sacking of some Indian village. We
desire to break up that system. It is part of
the policy of this Administration that that state
of things shall be changed.
I trust, therefore, that the House will con-
cur in this Senate amendment, and allow the
funds appropriated to go for the benefit of the
Indians. If this is done I have no doubt that
Congress, when a proper claim is presented
for its action, will, as it did a day or two ago,
make the necessary appropriation. Let the
parties having such claims come before the
Committee of Claims, or, if you please, before
the Committee on Appropriations, and let their
claims be there thoroughly sifted, instead of
their being settled on mere ex parte testimony
by the Secretary of the Interior, and the claims
being paid in the absence of the Indians, who
know nothing about them until their funds are
seized.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word.
There are, it seems, two sides to the ques-
tion presented here. On the one hand we Have
the view of the Administration, if the gentle-
man who represents the Committee on Appro-
priations in this case correctly states the
opinions of the Administration, which desires
the adoption of this amendment as tending to
promote peace with the Indian tribes, the idea
being that it will remove one of the incentives
to hostility and animosity on the part of the
Indians, and enable us to preserve more com-
pletely our peaceful relations with them.
But, on the other hand, it is said that if we
change the law so that the Indian tribes will
understand that the/may commit depredations
upon the whites with virtual impunity, their
annuities not being withheld in consequence
of such depredations, instead of diminishing
we shall rather augment the outrages to which
the frontiermen are subjected.
Now we must decide between these consid-
erations. On the one hand it would certainly
be unwise to change this law if the effect of
that change will be, as the gentleman irom
Texas [Mr. Degener] claims, to relieve the
Indians from a wholesome restraint against
the perpetration of these depredations, which
naturally result from the apprehension that they
will be obliged to make compensation out of
the annuities that would otherwise be paid to
them by the Government. We should certainly
avoid an evil of that kind if we can possibly
do so.
On the other hand, it is desirable, ifpossible,
to so regulate the payment of our annuities to
the Indians that we may avoid the difficulties,
the animosities and the troubles that will be
sure to grow out of the collection of false and
fictitious and sham claims against the Indians.
If there were an absolute certainty that only
just claims would bo presented against these
Indians, if we were sure that only the claims
of honest frontiermen whose property had
actually been destroyed or stolen would be
presented and paid out of the moneys which
would otherwise be devoted to the payment of
these annuities, then I would have no hesita-
tion in allowing the law to stand as it now is.
Eat there is the danger that, by permitting
the law to stand as it now is, we shall give
encouragement to the prosecution of unjust
claims. I believe everybody understands that
it has been true that large numbers of outrage-
ous^ claims have been presented against the
Indians; demands made by men who set them-
selves deliberately to work to trump up claims
upon no substantial foundation, for the pur-
pose of robbing these Indians. On the whole,
for the purpose of avoiding that difficulty, I am
willing to encounter another.
I admit that that other is a very serious dif-
ficulty. I admit that it may prove to be a
very serious inconvenience if the Halls of Con-
gress shall be opened to these claimants for
the redress of their wrongs, for we should then
have much that would be difficult and unpleas-
ant on our hands; but under the present cir-
cumstances that seems to me to be the least
of the two evils.
I for one shall therefore vote to concur in
the amendment of the Senate, as our Commit-
tee on Appropriations have advised us to do.
If it shall be found, notwithstanding the advice
of the Indian department, that this new law
will not work well, will work disastrously
either to our own interests or the interests of
the Indians, we can then change the system
again. For one, after listening carefully to the
arguments of both sides, I am disposed to fry
the recommendation of the Committee on
Appropriations. I now withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I now ask that the vote
be taken.
The question was upon concurring in the
following amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That no part of the
moneys appropriated by thi.-i act, or which may here-
after bo appropriated in any general act or deficiency
bill making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, to pay
annuities duo to or to bo used and expended for the
care and benelit of any tribe or tribes of Indians
named herein, shall be applied to the payment of
any claim for depredations that may have been or
may be committed by such tribe or tribes, or any
member or members thereof; and no claims for In-
dian depredations shall hereafter bo paid until Con-
gress shall make special appropriation therefor; and
all acts and parts of acts inconsistent herewith are
hereby repealed.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended that the amendment be concurred in.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
No furtheramendmentsbeing indicated upon
which separate votes were desired, the recom-
mendations of the Committee on Appropria-
tions were adopted.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that a conference
be requested upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour will
now begin, at twenty-five minutes to one
o'clock; and reports are in order from the
Committee on Commerce.
OMAHA, NEBRASKA.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that the same do pass, a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 297) to constitute Omaha, in the
State of Nebraska, a port of delivery.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read
a third time ; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. SAWYERmoved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to lecousider be
laid on the fable.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND LAKE MICHIGAN.
Mr. SAWYER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to ask the House to take
from the Speaker's table, for consideration at
the present time, the bill (S. No. 917) for the
improvementof water communication between
the Mississippi river and Lake Michigan, by
the Wisconsin and Fox rivers.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of War to
adopt for the improvement of the Wisconsin
river the plan recommended by the chief of the
Bureau of Engineers. It also authorizes the
Secretary aforesaid to ascertain at any time lie
shall deem proper within three years from the
passage of this act the sum which ought in
justice to be paid to the Green Bay and Mis-
sissippi Canal Company, a corporation exist-
ing under the laws of Wisconsin, as an equiv-
alent for the transfer of all and singular its
property and rights of property in and to the
line of water communication between the Wis-
consin river and the mouth of Fox river, in-
cluding its locks, dams, canals, and franchises,
or so much of thetn as shall, in the judgment
of the Secretary, be needed ; and to that end
he is authorized to join with the company in
appointing aboard of disinterested and impar-
tial arbitrators, one of whom is to be selected
by the Secretary, another by the company, and
the third by the two arbitrators so selected.
The Secretary is also authorized to employ a
competent agent or attorney to represent the
interests of the United States upon the hear-
ing before such board. In determining the
sum which maybe justly paid to said company
the arbitrators are to take into consideration
the amount of money and the value of1 other
property which the company has received for
lands ceded by the United States for the im-
provement of the within-named rivers, and the
value of any such lands now owned by the com-
pany: and is to make report of their doings
and of the sum which may be justly paid said
company, one copy of which shall be trans-
mitted by them to the Secretary of War and
one copy to the secretary of the Green Baj and
Mississippi Canal Company.
No money is to be expended on the work
contemplated in this bill until the Green Bay
and Mississippi Canal Company make and file
with the Sedetary of War au agreement in
writing, whereby it shall agree to grant and
convey to the United States the property and
franchises mentioned in the foregoing section,
upon the terms awarded by the arbitrators.
It is made the duty of the Secretary of War to
transmit to Congress a copy of the rfeport of
the arbitrators, upon which Congress may, at
its then present session, elect to take such prop-
erty upon making an appropriation to pay the
amouut awarded. If the Secretary of War
shall not transmit to Congress a copy of the
report of the arbitrators at least sixty days
before the close of its session, Congress may,
at its next session, make such election and
appropriation. All tolls and revenues derived
from theimprovements made or acquired uudor
the provisions of this act, after providing foe
the current expenses of operating and keeping
them in repair, are to be paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States, and whenever the
United States shall be reimbursed for all sums
advanced for them with interest, then the toils
are to be red need to the least sum which, to-
gether with other revenues properly applicable
thereto, if any, shall be sufficient to operate
and keep the improvements in repair. The
Secretary of War is annually to report to Con-
gress the progress made in the completion of
the improvements, theamount expended there-
on, the amount, if any, required for the suc-
ceeding fiscal year, and the amount of revenue
derived therefrom.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to report the follow-
ing substitute for that Senate bill, which I ask
the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the ena.eting clause and insert
in heu thereof the following:
That the Secretary of W ar is hereby authorized to
