1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3125
allowed during the sixty-nine years that the
court has been established.
Mr BINGHAM. I think the bill, after what
has been said on the subject, ought to be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I intend when I get
through to withdraw the motion to refer, and
to move that the bill be laid on the table.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to say a few words about
this matter. The criminal court of the District
of Columbia is presided over by one judge.
Appeals are allowed in all criminal cases from
that court to the court in banc, presided over
by the four judges, and their decision is final.
Now, it is proposed by the Baltimore and Ohio
llailroad Company, after—-
Mr. STONE. Is this debatable?
The SPEAKER. The whole question is
debatable on the motion to refer.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Now, Mr. Speaker, after
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company has
been convicted as a nuisance before this court
it has failed, as I understand, to appeal to the
court in banc, but proposes to have the legisla-
tion of Congress in its favor to the exclusion of
every other cause before the criminal court.
The court in banc has final jurisdiction in all
criminal cases, of all cases involving the life,
liberty, and property of every person brought
before it, and bo appeal or writ of error has
been allowed by law from that court for sixty-
oiue years; and now the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad, with an effrontery unequaled, asks
Cdngtess to allow that.corporation, which has
been convicted as anuisance, to takean appeal
to the Supreme Coart. Why? In order that
it may be supreme in this District, defying the
courts and people here, as well as the corporate
authorities, uotwithstandi ng person s, week after
week and month after month, may be deprived
of their liberties and eved their lives without
■being permitted to take a like appeal. The
object and purpose.of -the Baltimore and Ohio
-Railroad Company is to get the case into the
Supreme Court, where by the aid of counsel
and moaey it may defeat this case by the " law's
delay." If this bill is allowed to pass this
company can delay the questioti inithe Supreme
Court year, after year, aod it will beeorae the
virtual master of this people. I ask that the
bill-be read, 6o that the House may understand
exactly what it is.
The Clerk read as follows:
That where bythft final jedrment, sentence, or
decree of the supreme court of theDistriet of Colum-
bia any person, body politic orcorporate, is deprived
of any right, property, or franchise, or the use of
any right, property, or franchise, cxoeeding in value
$1,09(1. such judgment, sentence, or decree may be
reviewed upon appeal or writ of error to the Su-
preme Court of the United States in like manner as
is mi provided by lair in reference to other final
.judgments or decrees of said court.
Mr. INGEIiSOLL. I now withdraw the
tnoiion to refer, and move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the House will not
do that without allowing me to be heard.
The House divided ; and, there were—ayes
94, noes 32.
So the bill was laid on the table. , , ,
Mr. BINGH AM. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table;
and on that I desire to be heard.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
is not debatable.
The motion to reconsider was disagreed to.
MA&Y K. SMITH.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 776) for the belief of Mary K.
Binith ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
^ southern pacific railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) author-
izing the Northern Pacific Railroad Company
to issue its bonds for the construction of its
road, and secure the same by mortgage, and
.tor other purposes; which, on motion of Mr,
wheeler, was laid aside, retaining its relative
place on the Speaker's table.
contracts for carrying tete mail.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 159) author-
izing the Postmaster General to prescribe an
earlier time for the execution of contracts by
accepted bidders, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask to have the
joint resolution put upon its passage.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope it will be referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
joint resolution.
The joint resolution waB read. The pream-
ble recites that in the instructions appended
to an advertisement issued by the Postmaster
General on the 30th day of September, 1869,
inviting proposals for carrying the mails of
the United States for four years from the 1st
July, 1870, in the States of California, Ore-
gon, and Nevada, and in the Territories of
Washington, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, Utah,
and Arizona, it is stipulated that the contracts
are to be executed by or before the 1st day of
July, 1870 j and that in view of the importance
of the serviee to be performed, and the damage
to the public interests which would result from
failure to put said service in operation at the
I proper time, it is desirable to fix an earlier
j period than the 1st of July for the execution
!. of the contracts, and to adopt such other pre-
cautions as may seem necessary to guard against
i the failure of bidders or contractors to fullill
their obligations.
The first section authorizes the Postmaster
General,<in any cose in which he may deem it
necessarr, to requite accepted bidders under
the advertisement of September SO, 1869, in-
viting proposals for parrying the mails of .the
United Suites in. the States and .Territories
above mentioned, to execute contracts and
return them to the Department at an earlier
period than the 1st day of July, an.d, at the dis-
cretion of. the Postmaster General, as early as
the 1st day of June, 1870.
The second, section, provides that in any case
arising under the aforementioned advertise-
ment, in which the Postmaster General shall
have good reason to- believe that auy bid for
carrying the mail on any route has not been
made in good faith, he shall be authorized to
.summon the bidder or bidders to appear before
him and show cause why such bid shpuld not
be Bet aside or immediately executed tiy enter-
ing into contract withsuffi&ient sureties,; and
the failure of the bidder or bidders to appear
in response t,o such a summons and satisfy the
Postmaster General that said bid has been
made in' good faith, and that the guarantors
thereof are duly responsible, shall be deemed
to be sufficient cause for setting such bid aside
and entering into contract with the; lowest of
ithe bidders who will do so for the perform-
ance of the service. . And all the bidders shall
be seasonably notified that such summons has
been issued and that they may be required to
enter into such contract.
The question was on ordering the joint res-
olution to be read a third time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. . With reference to
the suggestion of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] I desire to say that it is neces-
sary that this resolution should be passed now,
if it is to be passed at all. Its object is to cor-
rect an abuse which has arisen from combi-
nations of bidders for carrying the:mails. The
Postmaster General finds it neeessacy to be
clothed with some suchf authority as is here
provided in order to protect the publiciater-
efits. I will explain the nature of the evil to
be corrected. When proposals are invited for
carrying the mails the contractorjwho desires
to hold on to his contract, will. procure what
is called a straw man to make a straw bid,
away down lower than tfae' bids of any ifrho
have made proposals in good faith. Under
the law this straw bid is accepted, being the
lowest; and under these advertisements he
will have till the 1st of July next to qualify and
convince the Postmaster General that his bid
was in good faith.
Now, the 1st of July is the date when the
contract is to commence. When that day
arrives the straw man of course cannot bo
found. He does not respond; ho does not
appear to qualify. The middle men, the men
who have tendered in good faith, and who
would undertake the contract if seasonably
notified to get ready, have made no prepara-
tions. They have purchased no stock, and
cannot undertake to carry the mail, simply
because they are not ready. What is the result?
The Postmaster General is obliged to contract
with the man now carrying the mail at his own
terms. Many gentlemen will remember that
during last Congress a case of this kind oc-
curred with reference to the carrying of the
mails across the plains before the opening of
the Pacific railroad. The lowest bidder would
• not quality, and did not qualify. The middle
men, who had tendered in good faith, not being
notified, had made no preparations, and it was
impossible for them to enter upon the work;
and the Postmaster General accordingly was
obliged to make the best contract he could
with Wells, Fargo & Co., who had been carry-
ing the mails. It is to prevent the recurrence
of this abuse that this measure is presented to
the House, and I desire the House to pass it
now. I will only state further that the Com-
mittee on the Post Offiee and Post Roads have
formally considered the subject and 1 act upon
their request. -I promised to yield a minute or
two to the gentleman fro in California, [Mr.
Johnson-,] and I will then cull the previous
questioti.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think that this
resolution ought to pass. There are very many
objections to it, which must strike any fair-
minded gentleman as forcible whenever they
are pointed out; In the first place, under the
law the bids are put in, and the parties putting
them in have a right, after the award has been
made, toeomplete their contracts by- fifing their
bonds befose the 1st day of July, That is a
vested legal right conferred by act of Congress,
-aud I say that it is a right eqaal to a right of
"property, and one that canuot be taken away
trcuaa man who pats in a bid without a viola-
tion of the constitutional lights vested in him.
It ii & vested privilege,' if not a right of prop-
erty, and it is a violation of our constitutional
authority to take it away from him.
But i have other objections to this measure.
As it originally .came before the Senate it was
a general measure, relating to all the States and
Territories, but the names of States and Ter-
ritories were stricken out, antil it comes tous the
skeleton itfiow is. The Territories of Arizona
and New Mexico were named in the preamble,
and the resolution would have e,fleeted the bids
-upon lines iu those Territories. They were
stricken out at the instance of interested parties.
Why? Because; I say here,a d 1 can prove
it, there are more straw bids from those Ter-
ritories than from all the balance of the United
-States. To avoid investigation the names of
tboseTerritories were stricken oat and Oregon
and California were allowed to remain in.
Why? Because there are two or three import-
ant routes raoning from California into Oregon,
and through the State of California, upon which
a great many bids have been made, and there
are persons in Washington and New York who
want to crowd those persons who have put iu
bids off the Mack, so that they cannot com-
plete their contracts. I know whereof I speak,
and I do not exaggerate when I say that I know
this is the object of this resolution. Now, sir,
if it is passed at all it should be made general,
so as to apply to everybody who has put in straw
bids before the Department.
Mr. FABNSWOllTH. I mast resume the
'floor. :
