1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
223
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Burdett.
Ho. op Reps.
incubations -would meet with little criticism.
The free-trade element ccald not object; they
must applaud. The New England spinners
could not object, for here was an official warn-
ing to all who dwelt beyond the Alleghanies or
beside the southern seas that they would fail
should they venture on competition with then-
eastern brethren.
Whatever its aim might have been, its tend-
ency was to soften the asperities of temper
which havebeen aroused in the East, as doubt-
less he saw they would be, by his general hos-
tility to protection to American industry. To
the importing interest the suggestion was
shaped to meet their dearest ends. To the
manufacturers of the East it was a direct ap-
peal to their cupidity. It was a suggestion
whose plain import was that an auspicious time
had come, by a change of that protective policy
which had made them strong, to forever vas-
salize the South and her teeming millions.
They aid not need to be reminded that their
factories were built, that their skilled opera-
tives were sccured, that commercial facilities
had gathered to their support. But it did need
a suggestion to possess the mind of generous,
large-souled American business men with the
thought that the hour was opportune for a
withdrawal of support from that course of
legislation which had given birth to their in-
dustries and wealth to their communities, lest
by its continuance a competition might more
than outweigh protection. Thegistofthe Com-
missioner's statement and recommendations
just quoted, taken together with their imme-
diate context, are that, the South will soon be
in possession of a large surplus capital: that
she will be inclined to invest in manufactures
on a large scale ; that in choosing the sort of
industiies to engage in those should be pre-
ferred that from their nature employ the largest
amount of human or hand labor, as distin-
guished from those employing mainly machine
force; and particularly, as best representing
the latter class of productive forces, that spin-
dles should not be increased. "Wo already
have," says the Commissioner, "an excess
of cotton and woolen spindles." Turn your
attention to agricultural tools, to leather, to
wooden-ware, to soao.
Mr. Speaker, these recommendations are
not wise. The assumptions of fact on which
they are founded have no existence. The fact
that in the ten mouths ending October 31,
1809, we imported from Europe the product
of European spindles, cotton and woolen
fabrics, valued at more than $50,000,000 is
a sullieient answer of itself to the strange
hallucination that our spindles arc too numer-
ous. The cotton-fields of the South, the
source of the raw material, are spread out be-
side streams which (low perennially from her
mountains, and which have sighed in their
course for many a year to be harnessed to the
water-wheel. The raw material, the initial
power, a genial climate that brings no ice clog
either to the wheel or the workman, a market
for their products at the very door of the
factory, coupled with the fact that the south-
ern people themselves for lack of sufficient
American spindles are wearing fabrics made
from their own raw material, which has paid
transportation from the field to sea-shore, from
sea-shore to European factory, andfrom factory
back again to field; has contributed to the
gain of the home merchant, the foreign agent,
the exporting and importing house, the whole-
sale and retail merchant, and insurances, both
internal and marine, are surely answer enough
to the discouragements originated by the Com-
missioners.
And is it not passing strange that a people
(save only those of Texas) not pastoral, not
producers of hides, inhabiting a country where
the cone-bearing pine, not the bark-bearing
oak, most flourishes, without a single advan-
tage peculiar to their resources pointing in that
direction—is it not, I say, passing strange
that such a people should be besought, in offi-
cial phrase, to shut their eyes to the beckon-
ings of their actual surroundings, and turn
themselves into shoemakers and soap-boilers?
But I take issue with the Commissioner on the
very essence of his statement. It is not true
that the interests of the South and of the nation
in the South are in the line of such industries
(other than agricultural) as require the largest
expenditure of human force. The exact con-
trary is beyond all peradventure true. It so
happens that the South can live and will
flourish though no single factory, shop, or mill
be reared within her borders. Her staples
are staples the world over. Nature has so
favored her with peculiarities of soil, climate,
and productions that she dominates in the
markets of the world. Unlike our northern
people, who count the profits of their crops
on the contingency of drought-smitten fields in
Europe and Asia, lior annual production de-
termines the question of work and wages for
one of the largest industries known to civil-
ization, and the profits or losses of the manu-
facturing princes of the nations. The propor-
tion of her territory fit for her peculiar uses
now turned by the plow is insignificant when
compared with herpossibilities. Instead, there-
fore, of turning the energies of her people
from her cotton, tobacco, sugar, and rice fields
to the tanner's bench, I hold that every possi-
ble energy, State and national, should be used
to enlarge her production of her own peculiar
staples to the end that both as raw material
and manufactures they may, as soon they must,
turn the balance of trade in our favor, and set
the current of gold to flowing toward us.
KKCLTSU SYSTEM.
Thcgentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
who opened the debate on the bill, and whose
able presentation of the peculiar views inci-
dent to the necessities of the importing inter-
est centering in the great city which he in part
represents was listened to with so marked at-
tention bv the House, not content, with oral
denunciation and direction of those features
of the measure which met with his disapproval,
sought to embellish and enforce his views by
contrast, appealing to the eye as welj as by
precept to the ear. Lifting high and holding
in full view the book of comely size and many
pages in which were written the laws enacted
by an American Congress for the collection of
American revenue, for the payment of Amer-
ican indebtedness, and for the protection of
American industry, he quickly placed in con-
trast with it a microscopic scrap upon whose
single page—if thing so small could be digni-
fied with the name of page—was written the arti-
cles with rates of duty and amount of revenue
of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and
Ireland; and our admiration was challenged
for the foreign scrap in the inverse ratio of its
size, while its native companion was hurried
out of sight.
Mr. Speaker, the contrast was most marked.
I question not its exhibition was intended as
an indorsement of the economic theories of
the people whose law it epitomized, and an
unqualified dissent from those upon which
we have builded. Neither the gravity of the
subject under discussion nor the solid attain-
ments and mature years of the gentleman [Mr.
Buooks] permit the supposition that mere
histrionic display was intended. I accept the
tender of this contrast; and since legislation
has no other proper end than happiness and
prosperity to the citizen, and since systemsof
law must be judged by their practical working
and results, 1 proffer to the House and country
the American system, with its exemplars, the
American people; the English law, with its
results of English misery, oppression, degra-
dation, and woe. Nor let it be said that other
causes more largely than this are answerable
for this misery, this lagging behind in the day
of a world's progress. A people's laws hav-
ing to do with revenue and taxation, are the
indices of her estimate of the value she places
on the sweat of her laboring poor.
This alien witness introduced by the eloquent
gentleman is not dumb. If it were permitted,
if not suborned on that particular subject, it
would tell of its potent influence in the double
death it has aided to give the once flourishing
industries of Ireland ; of the veto it has put on
the industrial progress of every colonial people
who acknowledge allegiance to the English
flag. I repeat, sir, it is a wondrous scrap ; it
is less, indeed, than that little cloud out of
the sea like a man's hand the prophet's servant
saw from Carmel's top. It is freighted heavier
with human woes than were the clouds with
ruin which followed hard upon the chariot
of the king. This is not hyperbole. I repeat
again this alien witness has a tale to tell, and
what is its story 1 This: that England's lauded
free-trade policy knows not the laborer, but
only knows the master; adjusts her systems
for the great man's weal, regardless of the
poor man's woe ; transfers her fields, her fac-
tories, and her shops into gladiatorial rings
where poverty may struggle against starvation
for that pittanee which is by courtesy, orrather
by metaphor, termed wages. This British
schedule, with its eleven items, produces to
the English treasury £21,393,713, the entire
tariff revenue of the realm.
Excepting the insignificant item of " miscel-
laneous" articles, an analysis of it reveals the
fact that this enormous revenue is raised from
two general sources only, namely, from food
articles, (tea, coffee, chicory, currants, raisins,
and sugar,) and from luxuries, (tobacco, spirits,
and wiiie.) Of these two classes food articles
are compelled to pay a duty of $44,500,000 ;
more than one third, little less than one half
of the entire revenue. The poor man's teapot
pays near double that which is levied on the
lordling's wine. The sugar of the people pays
more by £1,000,000 than the spirits of the
rich. Those home comforts which I have
denominated food articles, for they have long
since and properly ceased to be classed as lux-
uries by civilized peoples, are made to taste of
gold, while the silks and laces of the palace,
the precious stones that glisten in the ancient
halls of her nobility, know nothing of the vul-
gar classifications of the custom-house. Mr.
Speaker, we are willing to hear the testimony
of this foreign witness; but let me beg the gen-
tleman from New York not to set the well-
known and always handy machinery of that
city at work for its naturalization among us.
What are its fruits? To-day nearly one in
every eighteen persons in England and Wales
is receiving parish relief, or, in other words, is
a pauper. Starvation in all their great cities
yearly closes the account for time of scores of
her people, while millions are driven to an
enforced expatriation.
Mr. Speaker, personal allusions I know are
invidious; but 1 must beg the indulgence of
the House to say that I was reared within the
shadow of the thatched hovels of England's
laboring poor, and have seen the ills incident
to a system which sees national advancement
in the adornment of stately mansions, in the
increase of the wealth of a class, not in the
comfort and advancement of her toiling mil-
lions. I have seen English mothers gather
about the brute dead of age, dead from disease,
dead in the ditch, to dispute for their hungry
children's sake with the very dogs of their
masters for a bit of the disgusting carcass.
This, sir, is the English system. I think there
is a better. I find such a one in the policy of
the fathers; that policy which by welhconsid-
ered discriminations in favor of American in-
dustry,of American interests against the world,
