1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2181
this act, 'with reference to salo, uso, or other dispo-
sition of property, to bo paid to tho several officers
engaged in tlie execution thereof, (but the judge or
court before whom tho proceedings are taken shall
be entitled to no fees,) as shall be justand noeessary,
and the court or judge, upon proof on oath of tho
services rendered, shall tax or adjust the fees in each
case before him, and said fees shall be collected out
of tho property attached, assigned, or sold, and cot-
lcctcdoutof tho persona^ property, if any; and if
none, or thore is not sufficient, out of tho real estate,
When proceedings under this act aro commenced
before ono coiurt or judge, suoh court or judge shall
have oxclusivo jurisdiction of tho same until the
final termination thcreof/oxccpt that forcauseshown
tho chiof justice of said Territory can by order removo
tho said proceeding before any district court or
judgo, or boforo himself, and continuo tho samo
before such other officcr or tribunal.
The question was taken on striking out the
section ; and upon a division there were—ayes
S6, noes 33.
So tliQ motion to strike out was agreed to.
The next question was upon striking out
section thirty-one, which had been amended
to read as follows:
Si3C.nl. ilnci be it further enacted, That t ho Secretary
of tho Treasury is hereby authorized and diroctcd to
afford such temporary relief to destitute persons in
.said Territory as cannot beroliovud under tho last
.section, and who aro not convicted of crime, and nro
roduocd to destitution by tho onforcomont of tho
laws against polygamy, as in his judgment may bo
nccessary and proper, to im amount not exceeding
$100,01)0, to be hereafter appropriated; and ho may
prescribe and onforco such rules and regulations to
obtain corrcct knowledge* on tho sub^cct, and to carry
out iho purposes lieroof, as ho mny doom proper and
nocessary.
Mr, CULfjOM. I hope the House will not
strike out this section.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion—ayes 11, noes 43—the motion (o strike
out the section was Agreed to.
The next question whs upon .striking out. the
full owing section :
Siso. Si?, . I ii''1'f fin tiwr ciiuiti </. Th:it Iho Presi-
dent of tho UnitodHtii.tes is empowered and directed,
whon iu lusjudKinontitbliuU nonrs/u.-.wiiy to enfoico
the l;iv,v; of said Territory, or Iho >■,mviriions and
sentences of tho courts thereof, lo yend such a por-
lion ol iho Army of tho United Wales to said Xurri-
8 ry as shall bo required therefor; and in onso a mii -
neiont portion of said Army cannot with safety be
detached from duty in other portions of tho country
to fu'.oomi>H*h tho Haiti e, tho Ire.iidunt, is empowered
and direotcd furUier, to neeopt and receive into tho
military scrvieo ut' tho United plates volunteers to
the mmibor of not exceeding forty thousftnd, and
lor su'oh term of service as lie may tleom propor, not
exceeding two years; and tho Secretary of War is
directed and reauwed to miiUosueh rules and reuu-
latioiis for tile movement and trauspoxlation of tho
troopH lHid the enlistment of volunteers an ahull ho
necessary. i ,
Tito question was taken ; unci Iho motion to
.strike out the section was agreed to.
The question wan upon ordering tho bill, as
amended, to lie engrossed ami read a third
time; and upon a division tlu-ro were—ayes
95, noes 3H.
So the bill, ns amended, wis ordered to be
engrossed and rosul a third time ; and being
engrossed, it, was accordingly rend I he third
time.
The question was upon tho passage of tho
bill j and being taken, upon a division there
were—ayes 0-1, noes 32.
Before tho result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WOODWARD and Mr. BECK called
for the yeas and nays.
The question was takea upon ordering tho
yeas and nays; and there were twenty-three
in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative riot being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tho bill was accordingly passed.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed 5 and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
imSIGim'XQN OF JUDGES.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R, No.
160S) authorizing the President of the United
States to accept tho resignation of any judgo
of any court of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
ELECTION CONTEST HUNT VS. SIIBLD05T.
Mr. KERR, in pursuance of leave previously
given, submitted a minority report from the
special Committee of Elections in the con-
tested-election case of Hunt vs. Sheldon, from
the third congressional district of the State of
Louisiana; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to bo printed.
AMUUIOAN ItEOISTHIt FOIl A SCHOONER.
Mr. INGERSOLL. X have been instructed
by the Committee onCommercc to report back
a bill which will require the attention of the
House for but a minute. It is a unanimous
report of tho committee, and tho Secretary of
the Treasury has informed tho committee by a
letter that there is no objection to the passage
of tho bill. Jt proposes simply to authorize
the issue of an American register to a little
schooner of only twenty tons burden, which
was wrecked in tho waters of the Guif of
Mexico, and repaired at an expense of $1,500
by an American citizen in an American port.
I ask unanimous consent to report bock the
bill for action at this time.
Mr. BLA1 It. I object.
T.uui' b' miii,.
Mr. SCIIKNCK. T now move that, the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into Committee of tho Whole upon the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the slale of the
Union, (Mr. WhkkIiUR in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the spe.cial order,
being the bill (If. H. No. 1008) to amend exist-
ing laws relating lo the duty on imports, and An-
other purposes.
Tho oil AIRMAN. 'I 'lie genllijinan from
Indiana [Mr. Hot,mam] is entitled to tho floor.
Mr. NIHIiACK. Will my colleague yield
to me for a suggestion?
Mr. IIOLMAN. I will.
Mr. NllSLACK. As it now lacks but three
minutes of the time (half past four o'clock)
fixed by order of t)ie House for taking a recess,
f ask unanimous consent that the committee
now lake a reccss,
No objection was made ; and accordingly
tho Committee of the Whole look a recess
until half pa^t seven o'clock p. in.
MVENIN'tifiKSSinS.
At half past, seven o'clock p. m, the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
resinned il.i session, (Mr. Pohkuoy iu the
chair.) and proceeded with tho consideration
of the bill (U. R. No. lOGtf) to amend existing
laws relating to the duty on imports, and for
other purposes.
Mr. HOLMAN addressed the committee.
[See Appendix.]
Mr. COOK. Mr. Chairman, tho first ques-
tion to bo determined, in considering what rato
of dulies ought to bo levied upon imports is,
what amount of money must be raised to meet
the demands upou tho natiou for the payment
of interest, tho reduction of debt, and for the
current expenses of the Government, and
whether a sufficient amount of money to meet
the requirements of tho Government can be
raised, and the amount now collected from the
people by direct and indirect taxation reduced.
The facts with which we have to deal in de-
termining this question are plainly enough
before us.
During the last year, with tho present rate
of taxation and the existing tariff, we raised
money snfficientto pay the necessary expenses
of the Government, to pay tho interest upon
the public debt,and to provide a surplus of about
$100,000,000 for the reduction of the princi-
pal of the debt. This amount of surplus con-
tinued and applied to the payment of the debt
would extinguish the entire debt in about 10
years. An increase of the expenses of the Gov-
ernment seems to be the only thing which would
prevent this result. But so tar from any in-
crease in the expenses of the Government
being neoessarv or reasonably probable there is
a certainty, I "think, that those expenses will
be materially diminished, We have seen that
those expenses have been some $00,000,000
less during theiirstyear of the present Adminis-
tration than they were during thelast year of the
former Administration, and it is apparent that
many of the demands upon the Treasury which
existed during the last year do not now exist
to the same extent. During the fiscal year of
1808-60 there was paid for back pay and boun-
ties to soldiers tho sum of §10,000,000 ; but,
these claims are nearly paid. It is estimated
that $3,000,000 or $4,000,000 will be sufficient
to meet the demand upon the Treasury from
that source during the next year, thus relieving
the Treasury to the extent of $15,000,000.
The reduction of tho Army from >15 to 25
regiments of infantry causes a corresponding
reduction in the amount necessary to be ex-
pended for the support of the Army, and 1
believe the cost of each regiment annually is
estimated at §1,000,000. The interest accruing
upon the amount of the bonds which have been
purchased by theTreasuryDepartment, amoun t-
nig to some §(5,000,000, must also be taken into
the amount. Seven and a half million dollars
paid in gold for Alaska was certainly an extraor-
dinary expenditure, and cannot be counted
as part of tho ordinary expenses of the Gov-
ernment ; so that it is safe to estimate that the
expenses of the Government will be diminished
instead of being increased; and to the extent
that these expenses are diminished the surplus
in the Treasury, after paying tho interest and
expenses of the Govermnont, will be increased,
if the present rato of direct and indirect.tax-
ation shall continue and the amount of taxes
received therefrom shall not be diminished.
But there is every reason to believe that the
amount of money received from the present
rate of taxation and from imposts, if the rates
remain unchanged, will not be reduced but
will be greatly increased. This is evident from
the following facts:
The amount of revenue derived from direct
taxation during the first eight months of the
present fiscal year exceeds by $19,161,442 GO,
or 20^'ff per cent., the sum received during
tho corresponding period of the last fiscal year:
and the amount of revenue derived from cus-
toms duties during tho first eight months of the
present fiscal your exceeds the sum derived
from the same source during the correspond-
ing months of tho last fiscal year in the sum of
$7,015,444 17, which would make the entire
amount of increase for the year, at tho samo
rates, $30,208,380 15.
It seems, therefore, to be certain that if tho
present rato of tariff and taxation is to be con-
tinued the surplus will be much larger during
tho next fiscal year than during the present.
1 suppose that this surplus might bo fairly
estimated at $160,000,000. Shall this surplus
be collected from the people for the purpose
of being paid upon the principal of the public
debt, or shall the burdens of the people ba
lightened?^ Is it necessary that the debt shall
bo paid within the next 10 years or less by
those who have borne all the burdens of the
war? Shall we insist upon collecting this vast"
amount annually from the people in the face
of the indisputable fact that the industry of the
country is paralyzed by a burden of taxation
too great to be borne except temporarily and
irom the most urgent necessity? It was
stated by the Secretary of the Treasury, in his
speech at Lineoln Hall, that a sinking fund of
$18,000,000 -would extinguish the debt in 35
years. If this be so' can it bo necessary that
the sum-of $150,000,000,- Or even $100,000,000,
