1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123T
in"- of all the Departments shall be done at the
Public Printing Office ; and the gentleman will
iiud th:it instead of any additional burden upon
the Treasury the expenditure has been actually
diminished." It will be found there are $10,000
less for paper than during the year before.
The gentleman is also mistaken in the state-
ment that the Patent Office specifications have
never before been done there. They were !
ordered to be done there as early as J une, 18G8. j
But what I wish to say in connection with ;
this matter is this : that the Government print- i
ing has increased from $-101,000 in 18G8 up to
ffs^OOO for the year 18G9, while the amount
of paperconsumed in the Government printing
has not increased in anything like that propor-
tion. I wish to say further that the printing
for the several Departments of the Government
for the last year amounted to $291,000, while
for the preceding year the amount of printing
douc for the several Departments of the Gov-
Hiimeiit was S24-,000. And this does not
include the item of paper at all, but merely the ;
printing. On the other hand, the printing done ]
for Congress has diminished for the last year i
instead of increased. The number of pages
printed in lStlS wasGl,9St3, and the number of
pages printed by order of Congress for 18G9
was :,i,25S: the expense of which for 1868
was 5194,2-59, and for 1SC9 $173,209 22; show-
ing that the printing ordered by Congress has
actually been diminished last year over the pre-
vious year, while that for the Departments has
increased. Why this increase I cannot tell,
from the fact that they have used no more
paper than the year before. But, sir, I find on
looking at the reports of the Public Printer all
sorts of discrepancies in stating his accounts.
If we add the amount paid for the printing for the
Departments and the amountpaid for the print-
ing for Congress we find it falls short by many
thousands of what he states to be the amount
expended for the public printing. This is a mat-
ter I have been entirely unable to account
for. They have a practice in that department
of charging for printing the prices that were
paid before that printing office was established ;
and if there has been profit the cost of the
printing should be less than the amount they
charge.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
oppose the amendment. I wish to say that I
do not understand why we should in this House
undertake to regulate the amount of printing
which the head of a Department would deem
necessary to carry on the business of that De-
partment. We can do it by cutting off appro-
priations ; but I cannot see either the advan-
tage or the propriety of the continual arraign-
ment of heads of Departments for this or that
expenditure which we may or may not under-
stand. For the Departments no printing is
done except by the printed order of the Sec-
retary. He looks to his bureau officers for
information as to the necessity there may be
for printing, and then he gives the written
order. Now, if we have a Secretary who is
incompetent,whom we cannot trust as regards
his honesty, the propriety of his conduct, or
his ability to determine how many blank books
he wants, I think, instead of our attempting to
regulate that matter for him he had better be
turned out, and another better qualified put in
his place.
We commit to the Secretaries the adminis-
tration of this great Government; we trust their
discretion as to the expenditures of their De-
partments ; we trust them in managing foreign
affairs, in running the Post Office, in managing
the Indian department, in looking after the
Navy Department and the War Department;
we leave the question almost of peace and war
w their hands, and yet we propose to treat
them in this House as if they were not honest
enough or capable enough to ascertain how
jBany blank books they require in running the
departments. I do not know how far it is wise
that we should intrust so much to them. I do
not that it is defeifftbld fof* Ine CoitgNSss
of the United States to leave all this to heads
of Departments. I do not know that it is a
good way to carry on the Administration. But
1 do say, once for all, that as regards the ques-
tion before 'the committee I have every confi-
dence in the gentlemen who are the heads of
Departments; nay, more, I have every confi-
dence in the heads of bureaus, who are tried
and trusty men. And I do think that on ex
parte statements, on very little examination
we are not here as competent to judge of their
necessities in this matter as they are themselves.
That, I think, is clear.
It was found by the Committee on Appro-
priations that there were printing offices in the
various Departments. The Treasury Depart-
menthadone. The War Department had one.
The Patent Office had one. I believe the
Attorney General's office had one, but I am
not sure about that. When this was brought
before Congress Congress very properly said
that these separate printing offices should be
1 doue away with, and the whole of the public
: printing committed by law to the Public Printer,
so that it may be clearly understood what
printing is done, and how much it costs. That
was proper, and I ask gentlemen whether, in
: the name of economy or any other name, they
should display this spirit of eternal fault-find-
■ ing with the heads of Departments who when
| they sat by our side in this body were acknowl-
| edged to be our peers.
The amendment wag withdrawn.
Mr. SARGENT. I renew it. I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read a section of a statute,
i which provides that all the printing, &c, of the
! Departments and of Congress shall be done
| under the SuperintendentofthePublic Printing.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all the print-
ing and binding, and all blank-books ordered by the
heads of the executive and judicial departments
of the Government, or of the ehiefs of the bureaus
thereof, and all the printing and binding, and all
blank-books ordered by Congress, or by either House
of Congress, shall, on and after the4thday of March,
1861, bo done and executed under said Superintend-
ent, in accordance with the provisions of this act."
Mr. SARGENT. This was the law, enacted
as long ago as 18G0. To a certain extent it
was complied with. Since that time another
law was passed looking in the same direction.
This required that all the printing offices in
connection with the Departments should be
done away with, and that all the printing should
be done at the Public Printing Office. But
notwithstanding those statutes, until recently,
until within the last year, a very large portion
of the Government printing has been done
elsewhere. I know of a large amount of print-
ing having been done under contract in the
city of San Francisco for the custom-house
there which I suppose was as economically
done as it could have been done in that city.
Custom-house printing has been done in other
cities regularly, notwithstanding this law.
The Committee on Appropriations found this
year, furthermore, an estimate for some of the
Departments of amounts for the printing of
blank-books. Congress had made such appro-
priations, notwithstanding its own law, from
year to year, and this was taken by some of
the Departments as a sanction for its using
money for doing its own printing and buying
its own blank-books. The Committee on Appro-
priations have, however, now cut out all such
items, and have made the system the same in all
the Departments. If they want printing done
they have to goto the Public Printing Office. In
consequence of this forgetfulness of the law,
or neglect to carry it out, a large amount of
printing has been done elsewhere than at the
Public Printing Office, until quite recently,
when a strict enforcement of the law has thrown
on the Public Printing Office a very large
amount of work. It was my task, as a member of
the Committee on Appropriations, to look par-
ticularly into this matter of the public printing.
I noticed that the estimate was somewhat in
ildvatice 6f the jlppropri&tiotis ftf last year, and
in the discharge of my duty I inquired into the
matter, and drew out the letter from the Pub-
lic Printer which I send to the Clerk's desk to
be read, as explaining when and to what extent
new printing has been forced upon the Public
Printing Office.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office or the Congressional Print™:,
Washington, January 20, 1S70.
Dear Sir : In pursuance of your request, I have the
honor to present to you the following statistics, re-
lating to the increase of business precipitated upon
this office by the statutes requiring all the printing for
tlio Government to be done under its auspices.
The Patent Uffice specifications and claims, which
were formerly done at the Patent Office and paid for
out of that fund, aro now printed in this office, em-
ploying one assistant foreman, one pressman, ono
feeder, two proof-readers, two copy-holders, one
maker-up, two floor-hands, one messenger, one la-
borer, and twenty-seven compositors. This involves
an expense for labor, averaging about forty-five hun-
dred dollars per month, making per annum 854,000.
The paper used in this department costs about three
! hundred and thirty dollars per month, making an-
nually $3,y60, or a total of $57,960.
, In May last, as you will perceive by reference to
my annual report, the printing office at the Treasury,
, which supplied the book and blank printing, circu-
; lars, monthly statements, &c., for that Department
j and its bureaus to a certain extent, was transferred
i by the Secretary of the Treasury to this office, and
j the expense thereof, which was defrayed by that
Department, was involved here. This branch office
, employs the following force: one assistant foreman,
1 one proof-reader, eight compositors, two pressmen,
one apprentice, one paper-cutter and counter, tour
feeders of presses, two machine-rulers, two ruling-
machine feeders, and one laborer. The annual pay
of employes is 826,000; expense of paper, $10,200;
making a total of $36,200.
This does not include the necessary expense of
machinery, and other incidentals of type. &c.
The influx of work for all the custom-houses, of
the United States commenced in this office during
last autumn, and continues unabated.
The average per month for composition, paper, and
press-work on blanks for the Commissioner of Cus-
toms is 15,000, making, per annum  $60,000 00
The average for ruling, paper, and binding
per month is $8,267 91, making, per an-
iium   .?..  99,215 07
Total  159,215 07
In the year ending September 30,1868, all
the work for the Commissioner of Cus-
toms amounted to  2,468 23
Showing an excess of work in this depart-
ment of $156,746 84
These figures are taken from the books, basing the
estimate upon a careful collation of the expense for
three months. The result, when reached, will no
doubt show these figures to be less, instead of in
excess of what they should be.
The average cost per month for printing for the
Department, including labor, paper.
1,500, making for the year the
Post Office
binding, &c., is about
sum of $102,000.
This clat-s of work is constantly increasing, under
the growth of the country and the increase of its
business.
Recapitulation of Increase under the Law.
Patent Office specifications and claims $57,960 00
Branch office at Treasury  36,200 OQ
Printing and binding for Commissioner of
Customs £4
Post Office printing   102,000 00
Total $352,906 84
A new system of book-keeping has just been inau-
gurated by the Navy Department, involving almost
an entire change of their books and blanks. Under
this system orders were made on this office, Novem-
ber 11,1869, for twenty-six hundred and fifty vol-
umes of blank-books, one half patent backs and the
balance plain, and tor thirty thousand blanks.
The Register's office of the Treasury Department
is about to make a very largo order for blank-books
for its use. I make reference to these facts to ad-
monish you of the plain fact that the natural increase
of the printing for the Government is groat, under tne
legitimate growth of the country and inevitable ne-
cessities of the Government. 1 his. increase, J.  ave
no doubt under my observation, will reach at '®a t
twenty-five per cent., to say nothing ot tuat wnicn
I have enumerated in detail. In my estimates lor
! tho ensuing year I have called for n o t h i nK for this
: office that in my judgment the absolute necessities
of the business would notdemand. To rcduce these
estimates in the appropriation wiU inev itably call
for a, deficiency, which I desire, if possible, to avoid.
With due respect. &c.. A_ CLApp>
Congressional Printer.
Hon. A. A. Sargent. Sab-Committee on Appropria-
tions, House of Representatives.
Mr. SARGENT. In addition to that I pre-
sent the following comparative statement of
