3126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
Mr. JOHNSON. Let me say one word
about the routes I have mentioned in Arizona.
I can furnish the Post OlHee Committee of this
House in twelve hours, if they will give me
time, with written authority to show that there
are fraudulent bids and fraudulent awards made
upou those Arizona routes. 1 have the au-
thority of a gentleman of high standing for
stating that he has information of that charac-
ter in his pocket, and the name of that Terri-
tory was stricken out in the Senate. If there
is any necessity for this legislation now, there
will be the same necessity next year, when the
bids are opened at the Department. By law
now everybody has until the 1st of July to
complete his contract, and it is proposed to
make contractors iu Oregon and California,
the most remote portiou of the country from
this capital, complete their bids by the 1st of
June, one month earlier. I have no objection
to the second section of the bill, which author-
izes the Postmaster General to investigate
straw bids. I hope that will be passed; but
I hope the gentleman will allow me to make a
motion to strike outthe firstsection of the bill,
or else to make a motion to include the other
States and Territories, so as to make the bill
general.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will state the reason
why I am not willing to allow that motion to
be made. This is a Senate joint resolution,
which comes here for action, and it happens to
hitprecisely those States and Territories where
the Postmaster General is satisfied there are
straw bids; and that is the reason why I ask
that it shall be passed. There is a bill before
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads which will make the law general here-
after ; but the Postmaster General is satisfied
that in these particular States and Territories,
or a portion of them—I will not now mention
them—there are these straw bids, and that the
Government will be fleeced to the tune of sev-
eral hundred thousand dollars, in all human
probability, unless he is clothed with authority
to require them to enter into their contracts
earlier.
Now, one word abont vested rights. A straw
man has no vested rights; not a bit. A man
who has made a fraudulent bid has no vested
rights, that I know of, which we cannot inter-
fere with. This joint resolution does not de-
prive any man of the benefits of his bid, but
simply requires him to show his good faith by
his works. I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
a third reading, and read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were—twenty-seven
in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being more than one fifth
of the last vote) the yeas and navs were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 34, not voting
81; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Barry, liea-
rn an, Bennett, Benton, Booker, George M. Brooks,
Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Roderick
li. Butler, Cessna, Churchill. William T. Clark,
AmasaCobb, Clinton L. Oobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger,
Covode, Cowles, Cullom. Degener, Duval, Furns-
worth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fisher, Garfirld, (Jilfiflan,
Hale, Hamilton, Harris, Hawley, Ileflin, Hoar,
Hooper, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander 11. Jones,
Judd, Keltey, ICelsey, Kotcham, Rnapp, Laflin,
Lawrence, Loughridge. Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy,
McCrary, McGrew, MaKee, McKenzie, Mercur,
J esse 11. Moore, W illiam Moore, Morphis, Daniel J.
Morrell, Myors, Neglcy, O'Neill, Packard, Packer,
Paine, Palmer, Peters, Phelps, Pomeroy, Prosser,
Santord, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck.Scofield, Shanks,
Porter Sheldon, William J. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Tay-
lor, Tillman, Tyner, Upson. Van Wyck, Ward, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler,Wbi tmore,
Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson,
Winans, and Witcher—112.
NAYS—Mostrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Biggs,
Bird, Blair, Jamos Brooks, Conner, Cox, Dickinson,
Kldriilge, Finkelnburg, Gctz. Griswold. llolman,
Jolinsou, Thomas L. Jones, May ham, McCormick,
MeNecly, Niblaek, lteoves. lliec, Sherrod. Josoph
S. Smith. Stevenson, Stone, Strader, Sweeney, V n
Auken, Van Trump,Voorhces,Wells, and Winehes-
ter—3t.
NUT VOTING—Messrs. Bailoy, Banks, Bnrnum,
Beatty, Beck. Benjamin, Bingham, Boles, liowen,
Boyd, Buck. Burr, Benjamin F. Butler.Cako. Calkin,
Sidney Olaiko, Cleveland. Crohn, Davis, Dawes,
Dickey, Dixon, DocUery. Donley, Dox, Dyer, Ula,
Fitch, Fox, Gibson, llaignt, Haldeman, Uainbleton,
llamill, Hawkins, Hay, Hays, Ileaton, Hill, Hogc,
Hotchkiss, Julian, Kellogg, ICorr, linott, Lash,
Logan, Marshall, Milnos, Lliakiin H. Mooro, Mor-
gan, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mungen, Orth,
Peck, Perco. Vlatt, Poland, Porter, Potter, llandall,
llidgway, Rogers, lloots, Schuinaker, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Slocum, Shobcr, John A. Smith, Stevens,
Stiles, Swann, Townsend, Trimble, Twichcll, Van
Horn, William B. Washburn, Eugene M. Wilson,
Wood, and Woodward—81.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
state officers of tex a3.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before moving to go into ,
Committee of the Whole upon the special order 1
I have been requested by the gentleman from
Texas [Mr. Clark] to ask unanimous consent
of the House to act upon a subject which re-
quires immediate attention.
A bill was passed by this Congress, and i
approved March 30, 1870, requiring persons 1
elected to office in the State of Texas to take -
an oath prescribed in that act within thirty
days from the date of its passage. A telegram
has been received stating that on account of
the distance at which some of those persons
reside from the places where they must qualify
for office it has been utterly impossible for j
them to appear before the proper judges and : \
take the oath prescribed within the limit of I
thirty days. I therefore ask unanimous consent 1
of the House to introduce for consideration at '!
this time a bill to extend the time for thirty
days longer. ; j
No objection was made; and accordingly a
bill (H. R. No. 1912) to extend the time within
which persons elected to office may take the
oath prescribed in the act entitled "An act to
admit the State of Texas to representation in [
the Congress of the United States," approved :
March 30, 1870, was received and read a first
and second time. '
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time. i
The bill, which was read, provides that all
persons duly elected to office in the State of j
Texas, and holding the proper certificate ofsuch
election, shall have thirty days from April 30,
1870, within which to take, subscribe, and file
the oath of office prescribed in the act of Con-
gress, approved March 30,1870, for the admis-
sion of the State of Texas to representation in
the Congress of the United States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole upon the special
order. I have no design to ask for an evening
session, as to-day is Saturday, but I hope we
can work on the tariff bill till five o'clock.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the House will
agree to that, as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] did not insist upon going into Com-
mittee of the Whole to-day betbre proceeding
to the consideration of business on the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. JUDD. I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] so
as to order that nil special orders 111 Committee
of the Whole shall be postponed until after the
consideration of the general Calendar therein.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is that motion in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is in
order. The Clerk will read from the Digest
the paragraph relating to that subject.
The Clerk read as follows :
"A special order may bo postponed by a majority
voto. And according to the usage, whenever thotimo
arrives for the consideration of a special order m
Committeeof the Whole, the same may be postponed
by u voto in tho House."
The SPEAKER. The motion is to be de-
cided by a majority of the House. J t is analo-
gous to raising the question of consideration.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 ruise the further point
of order that this is a proposition to postpone
in general terms all the special orders. I
believe the practice has been to postpone bills
as we reach thein.
The SPEAKER. It is in the power of the
House to postpone all special orders. The
gentleman from Illinois moves that all special
orders in Committee of the Whole shall be
postponed to enable the committee to take up
the general Calendar.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to explain my reason
for making the motion.
The SPEAKER. The margin of debate
upon the motion is very narrow.
Mr. JUDD. I will try to confine myself
witlmi the rule.
Mr. SCHENCK. I raise the question whether
the Honse will consider the motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order.
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker, I suppose that
the proposition 
Mr. SCHENCK. I object to any debate
unless I can have an opportunity to state what
will be the effect of this motion.
Mr. JUDD. I will try to confine myself
within the limits prescribed by the rule.
The SPEAKER. The only line of debate
which can be entertained is simply with refer-
ence to the convenience of the business of the
House.
Mr. JUDD. That is precisely the line of dis-
enssioh which I propose to pursue.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not at
liberty to debate any special order, or any bill
on the general Calendar.
Mr. BEAMAN. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. Will not this motion postpone also
the appropriation bills ?
The SPEAKER. It would postpone all
special orders until the House should take up
the general Calendar.
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker, I desire to call
the attention of the House to the condition of
the business now before it. I wish to get from
the House an indication whether it is its inten-
tion in the conduct of its business to reach that
point in legislation during the present session
which shall reduce the taxation upon the peo-
ple. To that end, Mr. Speaker, 1 propose to
direct attention to the position of the business
before the House and the position of the bill
which it is the object of this motion to reach.
I have no disguises in stating to the House
that my purpose in offering this motion is to
postpone all special orders, including the tariff
bill, to reach a bill introduced by myself, com-
posed of three sections, which reduces the
tariff on sugar, molasses, salt, pig and scrap
iron; on tea, coffee, and manufactures of iron
and railroad iron, all comprised in a section of
fourteen lines; and in another section of four-
teen lines, reducing the internal tax by repeal-
ing taxes on sales, on gross receipts on domes-
tic articles of household use, all special taxes
except on distillers, brewers, compounders,
banks and bankers; and the third section con-
taining articles admitted free of duty, being in
this respect the same as the one reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means, except
that I have added to it coal and hides. To get
that bill before the House for its consideration
is my purpose in asking to postpone all the
