1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1239
two sessions of the Thirty-Fourth Congress was
$1,618,292. These totals, however, included some
items that in the figures which I have given for the
later Congresses are charged to the Executive De-
partments. For the first session of the Thirty-Sixth
Congress the Senate ordered $287,403 of printing, the
House $504.41H; being an aggregate of $791,897,
{louse (JCIliy O.II L y ilLu Ul oyf,
against ?4«S,000 ordered by both Houses for the first
session of the Fortieth Congress."
Mr. ELA. The statement just read includes
the cost of paper. We are now upon the single
item of printing. It will be found that the
printing for Congress during the year 1800
amounted to $173,209 92, against $191,267 88
for the year 1808.
Mr. SARGENT. The remarks I send to
the Clerk's desk to be read were a careful
statement of Senator Anthony, chairman of
the Committee on Printing, who is cognizant
of this whole subject. I have no doubt of his
accuracy, for his statements coincide with my
own impressions in this regard. So far as the
amount before the_ committee is concerned it
is proposed to cut it down still further; and it
should be understood distinctly by this House
that the Committee on Appropriations, after
making a careful estimate in this matter, after
examining it item by item, after comparing the
amount ot work done during the past year and
the amount to be done for the next year, after
estimating the amount of paper, the amount
of binding, and all the other items of that
character, that the Committee on Appropria-
tions, after this careful examination, cut down
the estimates a large amount and down to the
present figure. It is now proposed to come
in, after the committee has done this, I think
intelligently, after having done it on system
and not by mere guess-work, but after exam-
ination of the whole subject—it is proposed,
without a single fact, but because of prejudice
against the present Public Printer, or from
some other unintelligible reason, to cut it down
far below what has been reported by the com-
mittee. In my judgment it is not the proper
way for us to legislate. The Committee on
Appropriations undertook to do this duty care-
fully, and their appropriation is a medium j
between what heretofore has been expended i
and an estimate of the additional work thrown j
upon this Government Printing Office.
Ihe amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move to strike out the last
word, for the purpose of replying to a question
propounded to the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, touching the comparison of
the expenses for public printing, and without
detaining the House any further I send to the
Clerk's desk, to be read as parfrof my remarks,
some statements which 1 submitted to the
House in 1867.
The Clerk read as follows :
, Mr. Laflix, chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing, made a statement to the committee in reference
to the expenditures for public printing. Comparing
the expenses for the year 1859-60, and the year 1866-
t>i. he found that the cost of printing for the House
tKepresentatives for the year 1859-60 was $655,210,
cost of like printing for the year 1866-67 was
tmW shoyl"S a diminution in the latter year of
Tftk \an 1 e Sost f°r 1859-60 was on agold basis.
J.' .? f cost °f material were added, the figures
g, b?',for,t,he year 1859-60, $882,865, or within
thpTfi double the amount paid for printing for
-rLi u0 afl yearT- During the Thirty-Third Con-
tKwiek Lynn Boyd was Speaker of the House.
HmL ViJeen paid for Pnnt,n« for the Senate and
Th;Hv°v ?Er^entatlves'.8i2'220-715- and during the
Sdc=1„ ini «i "m8ress' *T!th. bchutlkr Colfax as
*1'S~;'9l' Pr a diminution in favor of the
co«f nf i^nt-Adl?m,firaii,0.n of 8684,924. If to the
iilil«] tk f8 J? Thirty-Third Congress were
\in?5! n eXtra ?ost of material paid by the TWrty-
the T&W Tuld make ttle expenditure for 1
against #1 v- ioi ,Con«ress amoun t to $3,886,251,
showing t - /0r„ the Ihirty-Ninth Congress,
over Tw? sav,1.nS ln favor of Republican economy
sresH extravagance for one single Con-
,h°
, ^r- LAFLIN. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr Finkelnburg's amendment was dis-
agreed to.
| Mr. ELA. I move to make this appropria-
tion $401,000, instead of as is now proposed
in this bill, and I only wish to say in support
of that proposition that $401,000 is all that
this printing cost in 1868, and there is no addi-
tion to that printing which would require any
larger appropriation.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the public printing, $500,000.
Mr. ARNELL. I move to insert the fol-
lowing proviso :
Provided, That in all cases the same compensation
shall be paid to female employes performing the
same class and amount of work as to males.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman propose
to bring the compensation of males down to
the compensation now paid to females?
Mr. ARNELL. I merely propose that the
same compensation shall be paid to females as
is paid to males for the same character of
services.
Mr. DAWES. I make a point of order, that
the proviso is independent legislation, and is
not, therefore, in order to an appropriation
bill.
Mr. ARNELL. How is it independent
legislation ?
Mr. DAWES. There is a law fixing the
compensation of male and female clerks, and
this proposes to change that law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
For paper for the public printing, $450,000.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move to strike out all
after the word "printing" in the one hundred
and seventieth line, and insert " $300,000,"
so that the paragraph will read, " For paper
for the public printing, $300,000." This, Mr.
Chairman, is an item which differs from others
that have been discussed in this respect, that
there is here no question of labor or of the
hours of labor, or of the prices to be paid for
labor. It is a question simply of economy or
extravagance. I have no hesitation in saying
that the paper used by the Public Printer for
the blanks for the various Departments is two
or three times more than is necessary for the
purpose. I will take as an instance the blanks
of the Navy Department. The Navy Depart-
ment have blanks printed for the bids ot the
, manufacturer or dealer in the particular arti-
ll cles required by that Department. When such
j! a blank is asked for the Department will send
j you a whole package of paper, on which are
; printed the specifications, while all that is de-
1 sired, and more, might have been printed on one
fifth of the quantity of paper actually used. It
would appear, from the amount of paper sent
out by the different Departments with printed
matter upon it, as if there was a desire on the
part of the Departments and the Printing Office
to use up all the paper possible, and to make
it cost the Government, for some reason which
I do not understand, all that it is possible to
make paper cost. In the appropriation bill of
last year only $400,000 was asked for this pur-
pose. Now $450,000 is asked. I contend that
there was used last year thirty-three per cent,
more paper than was necessary, and that even
$300,000 is almost an extravagant amount to
appropriate for the purpose. For these rea-
sons I offer the amendment.
Mr. ELA. I rise for the purpose of oppos-
ing the amendment. The cost of the paper
used in the printing for Congress in 1868 was
$286,318 85. The cost of the paper used last
year was $255,841 77. Therefore the demand
lor paper for the printing of Congress was
greater in 1868 than it was last year by $21,000.
Then, if you look to the returns showing the
cost of paper furnished for the printing of
the Departments, you will find that there is no
necessity for increasing the appropriation for
paper. _ In the State Department the amount
is diminished over one half, and in various
other Departments it is largely diminished.
The Post Office is the only Department where
the quantity of paper used has been increased.
In view of those facts, I hope the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations will consent
to cut down the appropriation $100,000 below
the point at which it stands in the bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I understood the «entle-
man from New Hampshire [Mr. Ela] to say
j that he rose to oppose the amendment. He
did not, however, oppose it, and I rise for the
purpose of doing so.
CHAIRMAN. I hardly think that
can be allowed. _ The gentleman opposed the
amendment in his own way.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I move, in amend-
ment to the amendment, to strike out the last
word. _ It appears to me that when an amend-
ment is offered, and is advocated as ably as
was the amendment offered by the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Cleveland,] it is
rather unfair to those whose ideas do not run
in the same channel for another gentleman
h to get up and, under pretense of opposing the
; amendment, to occupy time in advocating it.
The Committee on Appropriations, in fixing
|i the amount of this item, have reduced it below
!| the estimates by about one hundred thousand
l| dollars; and the documents which I have
I already sent to the Clerk's desk, and which
j have been read to the House, with regard to
; the public printing, have just as much force
l j as regards the paper required for public print-
| ing. If it be true, as shown by the table which
j1 was read, that there are six million five hun-
I dred thousand more blanks required this year
j than last; that, there are eight thousand more
' blank-books required by the Departments, on
! account of a law the enforcement of which
i took away the printing of the custom-houses
from the various cities throughout the Union
and concentrated it here at Washington, and
if the Departments, instead of buying blank-
books by contract and paying large prices for
an inferior quality, get them now, under the
law, printed and bound, from the Govern-
ment Printing Office, we have in these facts
reasons sufficient to require an increase in the
appropriation for the paper necessary for the
performance of this work.
The department of printing is not to blame.
If you require them to make more bricks, you
must give them more straw. The fact has been
shown that by these laws being put into oper-
ation you do require them to do an immense
amount of additional work. Now, whether it
is proper that in printing handsome documents
two blank leaves or three should be left at the
end is a matter of taste. I suppose that when
work is sent by the Departments to the Public
Priuting Office they are required to use a cer-
tain kind of paper, with a certain margin and
certain binding, and the Public Printer must
do the work in that manner. It may be that
here and there a blank sheet of paper might
be saved, and the remarks of the gentleman
from New Jersey might admonish the Public
Printer to be careful in these little things. But
when we require him by law to do a certain
amount of public printing—a greater amount
than ever before—and then say that he shall
not have the paper whereon to do the printing,
we are simply requiring of him that which he
cannot do, and preparing the way for a defi-
ciency. A sub-committee of the Committee
on Appropriations went, item by item, through
these estimates for the public printing, through
the different kinds of paper required and the
different materials, both for the printing and
the binding, and while we reduced the estimates
$100,000, hoping that the House would inau-
gurate certain reforms in regard to the printing
of documents, we were satisfied that it would
be impossible for the Public Printer to run his
establishment next year with a less amount
than that proposed to be appropriated in this
bill.
Mr. DAWES. I merely desire to say that not
only will all of this appropriation be needed,
but there will soon be a special estimate sent
