1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5015
lands within the Fort Ridgely military reserva-
tion, Minnesota;
An act (S. No. 471) in relation to certain
unsold lands in the counties of Porter and
Lake, in the State of Indiana;
A bill (S. No. 474) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish and protect national
cemeteries
An act (8. No. 495) to confirm entries of
public land in certain cases in the State of
Alabama;
A bill (S. No. 509) for the relief of the in-
habitants of Salt Lake City, in the Territory
of Utah;
An act (S. No. 517) to define the intent of
an act entitled "An act to allow deputy col-
lectors of internal revenue acting as collectors
the pay of collector, and for other purposes,"
approved March 1, 1869 ;
A bill (S. No. 520) to amend an act entitled
"An act to remove the charge of desertion
from certain soldiers of the second North Caro-
lina mounted infantry," approved March 20,
1869
A bill (S. No. 613) to regulate the foreign and
coasting trade on the northern, northeastern,
and northwestern frontiers of the United States,
and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 616) to repeal certain sec-
tions of acts passed by the territorial Legisla-
ture of Wyoming;
A bill (S. No. 632) to amend an act entitled
"An act to carry into effect provisions of the
treaties between the United States, China,
Japan. Siarn, Persia, and other countries, giv-
ing certain judicial powers to ministers and
consuls and other functionaries of the United
States in those countries, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 22, 1800;
A bill (8. No. 077) to change the place of
holding the courts of the United States for the
Albemarle district of North Carolina;
A bill (S. No. 723) in relation to circuit
courts;
A bill (S. No. 725) for the relief of Thomas
Henderson;
An act (S. No. 758) for the settlement of the
account of Captain E. M. Buchanan, late com-
missary of subsistence of volunteers;
An act (S. No. 843) to confirm' the title of
the heirs of Gervacio Nolan, deceased, to cer-
tain lands in the Territory of Colorado;
An act (S. No. 880) granting a pension to
Henry C. Weatherby;
An act (S. No. 949) authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Arkansas
river, at Little Rock. Arkansas ;
An act (S. No. 990) to relieve Henry A.
Badham from the legal and political disability
imposed by the fourteenth amendment ot the
Constitution of the United Slates ;
A joint resolution (S. it. No. 110) instruct-
ing the President to negotiate with the In-
dians upon the Umatilla reservation in Ore-
gon ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 133) concern-
ing the pay of customs officers in North Caro-
lina ;
A joint resolution (8. R. No. 134) to regu-
late the effect of a vote of the thanks of Congress
upon promotion in the Navy ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 197) granting
the consent of Congiess to the reception of a
certain bequest by the State of New Jersey
under the will of the late Edwin A Stevens ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 199) providing
for the admission of photographs for exhibi-
tion free of duty ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 218) authoriz-
ing the First National Bank of Fort Smith,
Arkansas, to change its location and name;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 230) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to change
the name of the steam-yacht Fanny.
OKDHJt OV BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I rise to call up the fund-
ing bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I-ask the gentleman to
yield to me to present the report of a commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
on the understanding that it will cause no
debate.
DUTIES OF PENSION AG1SNTS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I present the following
report of a committee of conference:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. It. No. 1987) defining the duties of pension
agents, and for other purposes, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the Senate reeodo from their amendments
Nos. 4 and 7.
That the Jlouse recede from their disagreement to
the amendments Nos. 1, 2, 3, 5, G, 8, 9,'10,11,12,13,
14. 15, and 10, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their amendment No.
17 to section nine, and agree to the same, aaiendcd
as follows:
Strike out the section and insert in lien thereof
the following:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That the fee of
agents mid attorneys for the preparaLiou and prose-
cution of a claim for pension or bounty land under
any or all of the various acts of CongreSs granting the
same shall not ex-eeed iu anycase the sunt ot twenty-
five dollars. It shall be the duty of the agent or attor-
ney of record, in the prosecution of the case, to cause
to beiiledwith the Commissioner of Pensions for his
approval, duplicate articles of agreement, without
additional cost to the claimant, setting torth the fee
agreed upon by tho parties, and which agreement
shall bc_ executed in the presence ot and certilied by
some oiliecr competent to administer oaths. In all
case-where application is made for pension or bounty
land, and no agreement is filed with and approved
by the Commissioner as herein provided, the fee shall
be ten dollars, and 110 more.
Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted. That any agent
or attorney who shall, dircctlyor indirectly, contract
for, demand, icceive, or retain any greater compensa-
tion for his services as such agent or attorney in any
claim lor pension or bounty land than is proscribed
or allowed under the provisions of the preceding sec-
tion, shall bo deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
upon conviction thereof shall, for every such offense,
be lined not exceeding {'500, or imprisoned at hard
labur not exceeding live j ears, or both, in the dis-
cretion of the court.
Sec. 9. And be tt further enacted, That the Commis-
sioner of Pensions shall lorward the certificate ot pen-
sion granted in any ease to the agent for pitying pen-
sions, where said certificate shall be made payable,
and at the same time forward therewith one of the
aiticlos of agreement filed in the ease and approved
by the Commissioner, setting forth tile fee agreed,
upou between the claimant and tho attorney or agent,
and where no agreement is 011 lile, as hereinbefore
provided, ho shall dircct that a fee of ten dollars
only be paid such agent or attorney.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That it shall he
tlie duly ol the agent.paying such pension to deduct
from tho amount due the pensioner the amount of
fee so agreed upon or directed by the Commissioner
to be paidwhere 110 agreemeulis filed and approved,
and to forward or cause to he foi warded to the agent
Or attorney of recoul named in Ihcs.-i.id agreement,
or in case there is 110 agreement, to the agent prose-
cuting the case, the amount of the proper tec, deduct-
ing therefrom the '■uiu of thirty cents iu payment of
his services in forwarding the same.
And that the House agree to (lie same.
J. F. BENJAMIN,
J. 1513NTON,
joiis T. mrj).
Managers on the part oj the House.
ft. 1\ EDMUNDS,
D. D. I'itATT,
T11UAIAS C. MeCItEEltY,
Managers on the part oj the Senate.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Missouri if there is not some
increase there in the compensation of pension
agents for forwarding the fees of the agents of
the pensioners, and if so, what it is.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is 110 increase.
The amount is what is lixed by the House bill,
thirty cents, tho party paying his own jjostage
and furnishing his own etiveloples, leaving the
net amount of twenty-three cents for each pay-
ment.
Mr. IIOLMAN. What is the provision in
regard to the compensation of claim agents for
paying pensions?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Perhaps it is necessary
that I should make a brief explanation iu re-
gard to that. We passed in 18G4 a law fixing
a fee of ten dollars to claim agents for prose-
cuting claims for pensions. But under tho
wording of the statute it only applies to that
particular act, by virtue of whicl
sions are granted, leaving as regards the great
mass of pension cases no limit to the fees which
the claim agent may charge. Now, in this
report, we provide—and make the provision
applicable to all acts granting pensions and to
all acts granting bounty lands—that where no
compensation is agreed upon by the parties
ten dollars shall be the legal fee m all eases.
But we further provide that the parties may
have the privilege of contracting with the claim
agents for the prosecution of their claims, to
pay a fee not exceeding twenty-five dollars.
It is also provided that in all such cases the
contract shall be executed in duplicate, with-
out any expense to the pensioner, and filed
with the papers with the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, and be subject to his approval; and that
tho fee specified, not exceeding twenty-five
dollars, shall be considered a legal foe unless
it is disapproved by the Commissioner of Pen-
sions. Then we further provide that instead
of forwarding the pension certificate to the
claim agent it should be forwarded to the agent
for the payment of pensions where it properly
belongs, together with one of the copies of the
agreement in relation to fees, and the agent for
the payment of pensions shall pay the amount
to the claim agent. As the matter now statids
the pension certificates are forwarded to the
claim agents, and they frequently withhold
them for a long time from the pensioners on
one pretext or another. We provide that iu
110 case shall the certificates go into the hands
of the claim agents; but they shall go into the
hands of the pension agents.
Now, one word further. It seema to be
necessary that we should permit these parties
to contract for a larger fee than ten dollars.
The cases now pending are, the most of them,
of such a character as to require extra labor
to get them through; they are suspended cases,
where the agent for the prosecution of the pen-
sion will not be, and perhaps cannot afford it,
at the expense and trouble of prosecuting them
for ten dollars a case. We therefore give them
leave to contract for another sum, in no case
to exceed twenty-five dollars. But lest there
.should be some advantage taken in some eases
we permit the Commissioner of Pensions to
annul even that contract, if he thinks undue
influences have been exerted upon the pen-
sioner.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will not the practical
effect of this be to make the fee twenty-five
dollars in every case?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think not. -I now call
the previous question.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Allow me two or three
minutes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] desires
to speak to the general merits of the bill, and
110i. to this report. I must insist upou the pre-
vious question.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I hope the call for the
previous question will not be seconded, but
that Judge Lawrence will have an opportunity
to be heard.
The question was taken upon seconding
the previous question ; and upon a division
there were—ayes sixty-nine, noes not counted.
So tho previous question was seconded.
Tho main question was then ordered ; which
was upon adopting thereportof thecommitlee
of conference.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Now that the previous
question has been seconded, I hope the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] will
yield to me for two or three minutes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I obtained the floor from
the gentleman's colleague [Mr. Sciienok] on
condition that this report should not occupy
much time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to my
colleague [Mr. Lawrence] being allowed two
or three minutes of time on this report.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then, I will yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Jf I was satisfied thaj.
