1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
h. Jones, Julian, Ketch am, MeKee, Mungen, Pal-
mer, Poland, Prosser, Ridgway, Rogers. Sanford,
Shanks. Shober, Stevens, Stone. Swann, Taffe, Van
Horn, \ ail Trump, Van Wyok, Voorhees, Wallace,
ana Cadwalader C. Washburn—41.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. COOK said: On this question I am
paired with Mr. Cake, of Pennsylvania.
Ihe next question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Butler, of'Massachusetts, to
insert after the words " there shall be levied
and collected a tax of five per cent, on the
ain ount of all interest or coupons paid on bonds
p or other evidences of debt issued and payable
after more than two years from date " the fol-
lowing words:
Which shall be deducted from tho interest or cou-
pons ot bonds or other evidences of the indebtedness
of towns, cities, counties, municipalities, States, or
of the nation, and paid to the United States by the
person paying such interest
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion. there were—ayes 35, noes 9-1.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there
were—ayes 24, noes 104 ; not one fifth voting
in the affirmative.
Before the result of that vote was announced,
Mr. INGERSOLL called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers; and there were twenty-one in the affirm-
ative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were accordingly not
ordered ; and the amendment of Mr. Butler, of
Massachusetts, was accordingly not agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the first
clause of this section by striking out the words
"five percent." and inserting the words "three
per cent.;" so that this section may corre-
spond to the other sections in relation to the
income tax.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Allisox ; and it was agreed to,
upon a division—ayes one hundred and ten,
noes not counted.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to amend this
section by inserting after the word "provided"
the following:
That the shares of earnings, incomes, or gains afore-
said of any stockholder or depositor in any of said
corporations, who,se whole annual income shall not
exceed $2,000, shall he exempt from taxation under
this section: Provided further.
By the present law, and by the law as pro-
posed, there are thousands of persons who are
compelled to pay a tax upon their whole in-
come without any deduction whatever. In
many cases their whole income annually is less
than $1,000, and still you compel them to pay
a five per cent, tax upon every dollar of their
income. Many of these persons are widows
and orphan children. It is a policy encour-
aged by the laws of my own State, and I doubt
not of many other States, that guardians and
persons holding trust funds for minor children
should invest them in banks and savings-banks.
One reason for this is that the interest on divi-
dends upon the investments are expected to
be paid at regular stated periods in each year,
which is necessary for their education and sup-
port. These institutions, if well managed, pay
their regular dividends, and usually they are
paid semi-annually. And yet every widow
whose little share in lier husband's estate is
invested in a bank or a savings-bank, and every
minor child whose guardian has invested the
share of such child in one of these institutions,
is compelled by your law to pay five per cent,
upon every dollar of their respective dividends,
though tho amount be less than §1,000 or less
than $100.
Mr. Speaker, there are banks and savings-
banks in the State I partly represent, a major-
ity of whom, stockholders or depositors, are
females and minor children. Some of them
have other property, of course; but others of
them have their all invested in these institu-
tions. From the earnings of these institutions
five per cent, must, be paid as income tax to
the Government upon the respective dividends
to each person, whether that person's annual
income is $500 ox $100, or less even than this.
The distinguished chairman of the Ways and
Means Committee told us some weeks since
that only about two hundred and seventy-four
thousand persons paid an income tax; and
that " everybody likes a tax which somebody
else p&ys." While I concede the frankness
of the honorable gentleman in giving this as a
reason why the tax, in his judgment, is not an
unpopular tax; I must say that it is a miserable
argument for its continuance. To say that a
tax is paid by comparatively a few persons,
and is therefore a popular tax with the great
mass of the people who pay none, is to admit
the outrageous injustice and inequality of the
tax itself. But the honorable gentleman did
not take into account in his estimate the thou-
sands of stockholders in banks, savings and
other institutions, from whom five per cent,
has been wrested by the rigorous provisions
of this law, before their dividends have reached
their hands, without any exemption or deduc-
tion whatever.
Take the case of the stockholders of a single
national bank in my district, the first I hap-
pened to examine, a list of which stockholders
may be seen in the Department, at the other
end of the avenue. I am sorry to say that I
have no stock in it, or'in any other bank in
my State. The capital stock of that bank is
$500,000. Its whole number of stockholders
is four hundred and nine, and tho average
amount of stock for each stockholder is less
than $1,250. Of these four hundred and nine
stockholders two hundred and thirty-five only
are males, including a large number of minor
children. One hundred and sixty-four of these
stockholders are females, including minors,
three are churches, three are savings-banks,
and the remaining four are an academy fund,
the school fund, and two other institutions. Of
these stockholders nearly throe fourths, or two
hundred and ninety-four of them, own only
$1,000 orless than $1,000 each of the stock;
and yet each of these persons pays five per cent.,
without deduction, upon their small amounts of
dividend, or rather the bank pays it in the aggre-
gate, and their dividends are so much less by
the payment. Of the remaining stockholders
ninety-six own less than $5,000 of stock each;
and only nineteen of the whole four hundred and
nine stockholders hold over $5,000 each of the
stock. And of these nineteen five of them are
females, one is an estate, five are the school fund
and other institutions, four are persons retired
from business, and only four persons in active
business of the whole four hundred and nine
own over §5,000 each of the stock. And this
bank in its character and the character and con-
dition of its stockholders is like a score of other
banks in my own State, and like many more of
the banks in other New England Slates.
Will the honorable member from Indiana,
on the other side of the House, who rallied to
the support of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means on the occasion I have
referred to, who represents, as he then told
us, "alargeagiicultural district, populous and
in good circumstances." but whose constitu-
ents do not happen to come within the "two
hundred and seventy-four thousand persons"
who pay this income tax, and who therefore
finds or believes the tax to be a popular one in
his district, will he look at a list of stock-
holders like this and then talk to this House,
if he can, about "bondholders" and "bank-
ers" and "wealthy manufacturers and mer-
chants" as the only persons upon whom this
miserable tax falls?
I have presented theseconsiderations to'show
the inequality and injustice of this whole system
of income taxes. While banks and savings in-
stitutions are well managed and are prosperous*
this part of the income taxes is not felt as se-
verely and is not so obnoxious as the income
taxes paid by the individual; but the system
is unjust in this respect: that it taxtes the whole
income of small stockholders whose annual
income is less than $1,000, and admits of no
exemptions whatever. The committee have
admitted the injustice of taxing salaries over
$1,000, without allowing the exemptions for
rents, taxes, and other exemptions which are
allowed in case of incomes of other persons;
and in this bill they have placed clerks and
others receiving salaries from the United States
in the same section and upon the same footing
as persons deriving their incomes from other
sources. By this change in the law clerks and
others drawing their support from salaries will
have the benefit of the general exemptions
applying to taxes on other incomes.
But while the committee have sought to rem-
edy this injustice in the old law, they have
gone in another direction to inflict upon a large
class of persons a similar injustice and wrong.
Those receiving salaries have the exemption
of $1,000 at least under the old law; and they
have by the proposed law, as they ought to have,
the benefit of all other exemptions. The com-
mittee have included in the new law all man-
ufacturing companies under the same provis-
ions as banks and railroad companies. That
is, every manufacturing company must pay five
per cent, upon its whole earnings, without any
exemption whatever, although the stock in the
company maybe divided among twenty stock-
holders, each of whose share in the dividends
or annual income may be less than $1,000.
There may be large stockholders whose income
will much exceed that sum ; but there are mul-
titudes of small stockholders who have invested
what little they have in these companies, and
whose whole annual income will not exceed
$1,000, and from these your proposed law will
lake five per cent, from their share in the earn-
ings of the company, without any exemption
whatever, unless they have other sources of
income to meet the exemptions of the law.
I appeal to members who represent manu-
facturing districts, if they do not know scores
of persons of moderate means, mechanics and
persons employed in the business it may be,
who have small amounts invested in the stock
of the companies where they are employed,
and whose whole annual income will not equal
or exceed the exemptions allowed by the law.
And yet by this proposed change in tho law
you will take five per cent, from the share of
the earnings of each stockholder in the com-
pany, without deduction or abatement. I in-
troduced a bill some months since which pro-
vided for the reduction of the income tax to
three per cent, with an exemption of $2,000,
and am very glad this measure of relief seems
likely to be granted ; but I am fully convinced,
in view of all the objections to this tax, that it
ought not to be continued in any form whatever.
Mr. DAVIS. I oifer the following as a sub-
stitute for the amendment of the gentleman
from Connecticut, [Mr. KellooQ:]
After tho word " contract," in the twenty-sixth line
of section fovty-four, insert the following:
Provided, That 111 all cases where it shall be shown
by satisfactory proof to tho collector who shall have
received the said three per cent, on any dividend, or
oninterest or coupons, iruio any eoi [io ration as above
provided, tbatthe person owningthestoek, or bonds,
or coupons on which such dividend was declared or
interest deducted, being a resident of the United
States, had not received any exemption upon income
m any other fovin, and has no other income from
which the same can be deducted, such collector shall
pay to such person out of the money paid to him by
such corporation at the ra'e of three iter cent, on his
dividend, or interest, from waich tho tax has been
deducted by said corporation. But such payment
shall not in any ease exceed tho account oi exemp-
tion on incomes, as provided by this act,
Mr. SCUENCK. This substitute would
make the assessor a sort of receiver or trustee
to take the tax upon the dividends before dis-
