1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
41st Con&....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Burdett.
Ho. op Beps.
of territory, giving scope for employments, in-
dustries, and interests, if not antagonistic in
their essential differences, yet often and neces-
sarily unequally affected by our proper legisla-
tion. Prom the nature of our Constitution and
surroundings this must ever be so, and would
we best subserve the cause of harmony and
union we must ever be prepared in a spirit of
just compromise to adjust in equal measure the
burdens of governmental support, and while
we struggle for legislation adapted to our own
peculiar wants have a care that we do not wan-
tonly pull others down. The load of debt we
bear is as great in its extent as it is galling in
its constant reminder of the wanton treason of
its originators. That we may meet it as be-
comes an honest people will require that our
fostering care be extended to every source of
national wealth, andmore especially to the de-
velopment of those marvelous resources of
field and mine which if but touched by the
hand of enterprise are ample for our deliver-
ance.
MISSOURI—HKK RESOURCES AXD PECULIAR INTERESTS.
I have thus expressed the general views on
which I fouud the judgment that we shall fail
of our duty should we neglect to so adjust our
tariff legislation as to compel it to do duty in
the development of ourresourcesand the diver-
sification of our industries. I am conscious
that my opinions are to some extent warped
by what it is clear to my own mind are the in-
terests of the people I represent. I might
pause and take another survey of the situation
before pronouncing on the question were I the
Representative of a State purely agricultural;
but since to great agricultural and pastoral
advantages is superadded a store of mineral
wealth whose like in quantity, accessibility,
variety, and intrinsic value no other State can
boast of, distributed not in corners, that might
take fromitsgeneraladvantages, butalloverits
extent, I cannot be mistaken in the policy it is
incumbent on me to pursue on this question,
would I subserve the interests of those who sent
me here ; nor do I need other weapon ofdefense
for this position than that persistent assertion
of free-trade advocates that all tariff imposts
are bounties to the producer. The marvelous
wealth of our mines is but just beginning to be
known to ourselves; we have only whispered
it to the outside world. It is only yesterday
since we squared ourselves with the age in which
wo live; yet the smoke of the iron-furnace is
already aseendingheavenvvard. Over one half of
the State new lead mines are being discovered
and developed, whilo veins of precious coal
counting their thickness not in beggarly feet and
inches, but in yards and feet, are opened to
use. With such facts to build upon he is of lit-
tle faith who cannot see in Missouri's to-mor-
row an accumulation of industrial enterprise,
and the gathering within her borders of so groat
a throng of food-consuming operatives as shall
prove her the giant we know she is, give wealth
to her proprietors, generous wages to her work-
ingmen, and release her farmers from their
present dependence upon a precarious eastern
and European market, by sending to their very
doors the anxious purchaser of the mine and
shop—such purchasers as have made the sterile
lands of the East, whose like we hold as worth-
less wastes, of value larger than that of our
fattest fields.
Are tariff duties bounties to the manufacturer?
Then here is inducement added to nature's
beckonings. I present you, sir, a State who
above all her sisters must profit by the system;
a State who while she so profits is not ob-
noxious to the charge, as 1 grant you some
others may be, of legislating for undue profits
on industries already well established, but fall-
ing well within the rule the fathers built their
protective policy upon—"not the support but
the creation of industries."
I crave the indulgence of the committee
41sx Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 15.
while I refer with conscious pride to but a
tithe of those sources of revenue produced or
waiting the hand of enterprise within theState,
other than the ordinary products of the farm:
iron in quantity so vast that using the language
of a man of science, not of a dreamer of strange
dreams, there is sufficient—
"To build railroads ten miles apart all over the
earth, cobweb the air with telegraph lines, span
every river with iron bridges, and supply ordnance
and iron-clads for all nations daring th« next thou-
sand years."
Nor are the specific gravity, quality, and com-
parative value of our ores less wonderful than
their quantity. The upper section of 141 feet
of the Pilot Knob contains 31,299,012,554
pounds of ore. The weight of ore above the
surface in another of our deposits, called Iron
mountain, is 1,515,619,720,000 pounds, con-
taining not less than 65 per cent, of pure iron.
These are but the warts upon the vast body
of this deposit, which beds and dike one half
of a State containing 42,000,000 acres of land.
The lead deposits are as widely scattered and
hardly less wonderful. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] speaks contemptu-
ously of the lead product of the country at
large, and refers to the production of 1862
as being but 14,000 tons, and as indicative of
our beggarly progress in this direction. Lot
me reassure the gentleman on this point by
referring him to the encouraging fact that
in one county alone of Missouri, under the
stimulus of ourfosteringlegislation, we smelted
within the past year 10,000,000 pounds of min-
eral, and that, too, in so remote a county that
the metal had to be wagoned 140 miles, and
by rail transported 200 more, before reaching
an initial market. In my own district, in four
ofher counties, lead mining has but lately been
made a success. I have no blow to aim at
this people. Nickel is found in purer and
more generous quantity with us than elsewhere
in the country and perhaps in the world, and
I note with satisfaction the threat of a foreign
smelter that if we insist on protecting its pro-
duction here he will bring his capital and
skilled workmen to our mines. We are miners
and manufacturers of zinc. Copper is known
to exist and has been experimentally mined.
Our tin-bearing rocks are as rich in ore as those
worked from early Phoenician days down to
our own times in Cornwall.
Quarries of gray and red granite have lately
been opened, while that beautiful variety
known as carnation granite exists in extent
unlimited. The marbles of our western bor-
der have heretofore served as "chimney rock"
for the cabin of the luxurious border farmer
and for fencing for his field. We shall polish
them soon and adapt them to the uses the
Master intended them for.
I have already mentioned our coal supplies.
The beautiful city of Boonville stands by a
ledge of fabulous thickness, and is environed
by exhaustless fields of the cannel and bitu-
minous varieties. These are foundations more
valuable than gold, and point out her interest
in this strife. All along the banks of the navi-
gable Osage are other stores. The lead, the
iron, and the coal laugh in hearing of each
other. The Missouri agriculturist adds to
the resources which are common to the north-
ern field wine, tobacco, hemp, and flax. I
lind that this measure for revenue in its sev-
eral adjustments(gives protection for one and
all of these mineral and agricultural special-
ties of ours, as well as to the ordinary produc-
tions of our fields. In face of these facts I
confidently assert that no State of the Union
lias so large an interest, is so much concerned
in sustaining the general features of this bill,
as that State which I have the honor in part
to represent. For mark you, sir, not only are
the interests of our miners and manufacturers
at stake, but if possible more largely than they
are involved the interests of the producers of
our great agricultural staples. Sir, L can join
with others in objecting to some of the pro-
posed adjustments. I hope to be able to aid
in correcting them before the bill shall reach
its final reading; but I cannot be drawn by
heated denunciation of the proposed rates on
salt and lumber into committing the treason
against Missouri which mere shop-keeping
economists, native and foreign, are begging
us to do.
TESTIMONY OF BUSINESS VS. POLITICAL THEORY.
Illustrative of the fact that the proposed
legislation is of vital interest to the industry
of our State, as well as indicative of the extent
and growth of production of articles on the
protected list, I submit statistics of her internal .
production for the year ending January 1,1870,
gathered mainly from the annual review of the
commerce of St. Louis, as carefully compiled
in the columns of the Missouri Republican in
its issue of January 3, 1870, as well as inci-
dental statements of a historic character bearing
on the rise and progress of our great interests:
" The Iron Iatereetaof Mi8souri.~~-rX!\i& fast metal
produced in this Stato was manufactured at the
' Springfield' furnace, in Washington county, in 1823
or 1824. i'ho iirst bar iron made out of pig metal was
produced at a forge on Cedar oroefc, 2k miles south-
east of Caledonia, in the same county, in May, 1825,
and the first' blooms' in 1832. No records are access-
ible of tho amount of iron made at this furnace, but
it probably did not exceed 5,000 tons in all. The
second furnace erectod in the Stato was built on the
Meramec river, near tho western boundary of Craw-
ford county, in 1828, by Mr. Massoy, which, together
with a forgo and rolling-mill eroded soon after—the
wholo now known as tho Meramec Iron W orks—has
been in steady, uninterrupted operation from that
date to tho present. Following these founderies was
the establishment of tho Moselle Iron Works, of tho
operation of which, dato uf erection, (fee., wo have no
information.
" Up to 1850 the total product of pig metal must
havo been nearly <10,000 tons, and tho amount of ore
'raised' (mined) about 100,000 tons. I'rom 1850 to
I860 the amount of pig metal producod was not less
than 100,000 tons and probably not over 125,000 tons—
a competent judge estimating it at HO.OOOtons. Tho
amount of ore raised during the same decade waa
about 310,000 tons, of which about 70,000 wore sent
out of tho State. None wore shipped to other States
provious to 1850. Tho iron ores of Missouri having
obtained a iirst rank both as to percentage of yield
and strength of fiber,and being especially desirable
to mix with tho ores of Pennsylvania, tue bulk of
shipments from that time on has been to the Ohio
river. l?or tho decade closing with 1870 tho amount
of pig metal made was about 210,000 tons, or an in-
crease of nearly 80 per cent, over tho manufacture
of the decado Irom 1850 to 1800, and the amount of
oro mined was 025,000 tons, or more than double tho
amount of the previous decade, of which 300,000 tons
wero shipped out of theState; a record showing,
when tho obstructions and delays occasioned by de-
struction of the works during the war are consid-
ered, a most gratifying progress.
"So far the product of pig metal in the Stato has
been almost exclusively from charcoal, manufac-
ture by stone coal only commcncing in 1808, when
4.000 tons wero produced at tho Carondelet fur-
naces, which has been increased in 1869 to about
13,000 tons, and will be again more than trebled in
the present year.
"The following table, as nearly .accurate as it can
bo made, shows tho product of iron ore and pig
metal, in tons, for the years 1808 and 1800:
IKON OKE.
Consumed. Shipped. Mined.
1808 58,000 47,000 105,000
1SG9 75,000 120,000 195,000
1'IGIItON.
Consumed. .Shipped. Produced.
1SC8 ,.17,000 13,000 30,000
I860 20,000 20,000 40,000
" The following table will show tho amount of ore
mined at the Iron mountain, and the amount used
at the same locality in the manufacture of ehar-
C0aHr011: Ton, Tons
mined. used.
January 
February 
March  7,0S< l,0o4
April  10,275
May 12.US7 1,094
June    12,555 2,000
July  10.592 2,714
August 10,900 2.760
September iffeH
October  12,024 -.53*
November  10.325
December, (estimates)  8,(KM) -,,350
Total   .125,085 22,778
