1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2183
These figures tell the whole story and. make
it plain why it is that while we are assured by
the advocates of this bill that the country is
ergoying a marvelous prosperity, and develop-
ing its resources and strength, in proof of
which we are pointed to the prosperity of great
manufacturing interests, we have murmurs of
complaintandseeunmistakable signs of depres-
sion and suffering among the great agricul-
tural communities of the country.
I am not now going to argue the question
whether protection is necessary and polilic or
not. I know that in the present state of our
finances we must raise a large revenue from
customs duties. I know that it would be impos-
sible, even if it were advisable, so to arrange
the tariff that it should not afford protection to
American manufactures and still raise the
amount necessary to be raised. But the point I
ask to have considered and decided is this : we
agree that it is best to reduce the amount col-
lected from by customs many million dollars ;
that this reduction will be made in certain.
Now, shall this reduction bo niado in such
imumcr as to relieve the great agricultural
interest of the country, the interest, first in
importance, and which has been and is now
burdened out of all proportion with other in-
terests'?
I earnestly ask the attention of the Ilouse
to some items of taxation which in justice to
this interest should be entirely removed and
some others which should be modified. The
impost which causcs most irritation and annoy-
ance to the people 1 represent is tho duty on
lumber. In a country where there are but few
forests and but little timber, where the choicest
lands are to be had at cheap rates, but where
not an acre can be improved or brought under
cultivation without first procuring the lumber
for fencing it ami for building the necessary
buildings, lumber is an article of tho first ne-
cessity for developing the resources and scour-
ing the prosperity of tho country, and no tax
can bo levied which more directly impedes pro-
duction and retards tho growth and develop-
ment of the country than a tax upon lumber.
It is an impost, too, which seems wholly inde-
fensible. The reasons which are urged by the
friends of protection in favor of duties which
shall aid in establishing and developing tho
manufactures of tho country here utterly fail.
Our timber forests are limited in extent; year
by year we are forced to go further and further
for a supply; year by year the price of lumber
is increasing; the country is being stripped of
its forests to tho serious detriment of the soil.
While the nations of Ifiuropc are ofTcringboun-
tics for the planting and culture of foresls we
are paying bounties for the destruction of our
own, notwithstanding tho palpable, fact that
the loss can never be made good, and notwith-
standing llie spectacle of lauds cursed with bar-
rennesseausedbythedcstructioii of the forests
warn us of our folly.
The encouragement of tho destruction of our
forests so rapidly going on is most-fatal policy,
and yet, it is going on while wo have such a vast
empire of fertile land in the West, unoccupied
and depending for its improvement upon this
article of lumber, the prion of which we arc
every year enhancing, and which wo are every
year making it more difficult to procure. Nor
do our manufacturers of lumber competo with
the pauper labor of Europe. Not one of the
reasons urged in favor of protective duties are
available here. The simple, undisguised truth
is that the duly on Canadian lumber is a tax
levied on the consumer for the benefit of the
owner of lumber forests and tho capitalists
engaged in the manufacture of lumber, a tax
which is unjust in its application and pernicious
in its results. This tariff on lumber wont into
operation by the expiration of the reciprocity
treaty in the spring of 1866. The average price
in Chicago December 31, 1861, was $6 50 per
1,000; March 31, 1800, it was $1-1 80 per
1,000; March 31, 1867, it was $17 70 per
1,000, which has not been greatly varied since.
And the fact that since the expiration of the
reciprocity treaty the prices of lumber in Can-
ada had increased 15 or 20 per cent., and the
amount of sales also increased, shows that the
duty has been paid by the consumer. That
man would be a public benefactor who could
devise some means whereby our timber for-
ests could be preserved and the lumber in
use be imported from abroad. I respectfully
ask this House whether a tax which is so un-
equal, so unjust, so oppressive to certain large
sections of the country, and so detrimental in
its effects, ought to continue? I have been told
that it should be retained for the sake of the
revenue derived from it. We received from
the duties on lumber, including boards, planks,
scantling, hewn timber, rough timber, lath,
and oilier lumber:
In 18li7 -3.3,205,522
In 386S  1,231,518
In 1809  l,:iU2,819
Tho amount of the revenue derived from
this source bears 110 proportion to the advance
in cost, caused by it to the consumer. The
tax in impolitic, unwise, unjust, and oppress-
ive, injuring tho whole country, benefiting
only a few owners of lumber-lands ami capi-
talists engaged in cutting lumber, and yet this
duty is largely increased by the bill on all
tho cheaper qualities of lumber, such as must
be used m fencing and rougher building. The
great want of a prairie country is fencing lum-
ber ; it is absolutely necessary for its settle-
ment and improvement. This is a cheaper
kind of lumber, on which the specific duty
imposed by this bill is made higher than tho
ad valorem duty of 20 per cent, imposed by
the present law. I protest against this pro-
hibition of the settlement ami improvement
of tho country by act of Congress.
The import ot' sawed lumber for 180(> was
$4,508,554, and for 13li7 was $5,043,;>B7;
showing an increase of nearly ยง500,000 against
a great dccline in imports of other articles,
while prices have advanced in consequence
from 15 to 20 per cent., and yet the importa-
tion increases. We are rapidly destroying tho
lumber in tho United States; we are greatly
enhancing its price. The lumber of Michigan
is taken to Boston and used instead of the
nearer and cheaper lumber of Canada,_ which
yet is boing destroyed also, but not for our
benefit; being taken to our sea-ports in bond
and shipped to foreign ports.
Mr, llOOPKR, of Massachusetts.' The idea
of tho committee in placing the duty at $2 a
thousand was not to increase it, but rather to
decrease it from the present duty of 20 per
cent, ad valorem and to make the duty specific,
so as to prevent fraud.
Mr. COOK. Will the gentleman allow mo
to ask him if it is certain that this duty of $2
a thousand is cheaper upon the lumber which
is most indispeusablo for fencing, and so forth?
Mr, HOOl'ER, of Massachusetts. Accord-
ing to tho gentleman's own statement, the cost
of that lumber is about $10 a thousand.
Mr. COOK. About $8 a thousand.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman said, I think, from $8 to $10 a thou-
sand. At S8 a thousand it is a slight increase.
Still the object of the committee was not to
increase the duty on lumber.
Mr. COOK. Then I insist they have failed
in their object, so far us cheap lumber, the most,
indispensable to us, is concerned. 1 am told
that at Oshkosh the price is $8 a thousand.
Mr. HOOPEE of Massachusetts. That is
the lowest class of lumber.
Mr. COOlv. Fencing lumber is the lowest
class, but yet is tho most used. It is the \ery
article that is indispensable to us.
Another duty bearing heavily and oppress-
ively upon the agricultural interest, and which
ought to be removed, is the duty upon salt, an
article of universal and absolute necessity.
The present duty on salt is asked for mainly
by oue company, which eaunot, by its own
figures and showing, supply the American mar-
ket. The salt works of western Virginia and
eastern Pennsylvania do no more than supply
their own neighborhood market, and the salt
works in Michigan have asked that the present
exorbitant rates be cut down one half, because
they only give the Onondaga works additional
strength by their immensely increased profits,
and tend to destroy all other establishments.
But tho duty on salt is thus defended by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. McCarthy:]
"Salt, tho domestic production of which has in-
creased from 12,000,000 to 20,000,000 bushels, and the
foreign diminished only about 1,500,000 under tho
present tariff, has fallen in price by reason ot domes-
tic competition to a lower point than it was in low
in most of the leading markets of the country. In
New York in 1860 foreign salt sold at 23 cents pel-
bushel in gold: to-day domestic salt is 23 cents in
currency. In Boston in 1860 iorcign salt sold at 2o
cents in sold; to-day domestic sa.lt m .Boston 13 o
cents in currency. In. Cleveland domestic salt in
1800 bold at 32 ecnts in gold; to-day domestic salt m
Cleveland sells lor 3-1 cents in currency. In loledo
in I860 domestic salt sold for 33 cents in gold; to-day
domestic salt sells there for 33centsm currency. Jn
Detroit in 1860 salt was 33} cents m gold; to-day ol
cents currency. Chicago, 1800, 32^- cents m gold; to-
day 34 cents currency. Thus the fact is demonstra-
ted that domestic production has overcome tho ad-
vance by the tariff, and made salt cheaper generally
throughout tho country; in the West especially,
cheaper than either foreign or domestic salt irom
1SDG to I860."
The difficulty with the argument is that the
figures are entirely unreliable. My friend from
Onondaga has been misled. The true figures
are as follows : price in Chicago in 1860, $1 75
per barrel; and from the time this tariff went
into operation the price has averaged $2 50
per barrel of 5 bushels. The rate to-day is
$2 OS per barrel, showing the price to have
been increased from $1 75 to $2 50 per barrel
by tho tariff. During the entire operation of
tho present tariff the average price of saH in
Chicago has been 50 cents a bushel, including
the barrel. 1 hold in my hand the latest quo
lations, which show that the price of salt is now
50 cents per bushel in Chicago. 1 beg leave
to quote from the speech of my friend a sen-
tence which meets my hearty concurrence:
"There tiro more falso facts current in the voi'M
than false theories."
Let us meet the facts fairly and man('n!l_\
Tho pricc of salt has been vastly increased by
the tariff. That is the only reason why sair
manufacturers want the duty. What has this
country then, in paying into the Treasury the
sum of ยง1,130,225, paid into the hands of .-'alt
monopolists? My friend from New York Male;,
tho production to have been 20,000,000 bush-
els ; the amount imported has been almost as
much. The figures show that the price has
been increased, so that upon the entire amount
consumed the country has paid at least $8,000,-
000 more than it, would have paid under the
prices of 1800 ; and yet only ยง1,136,225 have
gone into tho Treasusy.
lint this is but one of the minor evils result-
ing from this protection. Tho commerce of the
country is checked, ships coming to Baltimore,
to Philadelphia, and to ports further south, lbi
petroleum, for grain and for cotton, formerly
came laden with salt, thus cheapening the
transportation of tho exported article. The
duty benefits but a small number of capitalists
in a very few localities ; it is a tax imposed
upon all citizens in every section of the coun-
try. But wc are told that the Onondaga com-
pany only realize 6 per cent, upon their capi-
tal stock. It is not a new thing that corpora-
tions should pay only C per cent., no matter
how great its income compared with the cash
actually invested in its business. The amount
of capital stock can always be regulated to suit
the convenience of the company, and that argu-
ment standing alone proves very little. Bat
if only 6 per cent, is paid on the actual cash
capital of the company the fact is demonstrated
that the high duty benefits neither the producer
nor the consumer.
Another article which is used almost uni-
versally, and which enters into the cost of
almost every article required by the farmer in
his business, is pig-iron, a tax which is levied
