1240
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
in for additional paper for the printing for the
Census Bureau. There is in this bill no appro-
priation for the paper which will be required
tor the Census Bureau, and not only will all
this be needed, but a larger sum. I hope the
.committee will take a vote on this question.
Mr. SARGENT, I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. ELA. I renew it'; and I do it for the
purpose of stating that the cost of the whole
amount of paper used in the Government Print-
ing Office for the last year was $399,798, which
was an increase over the amount used the year
previously. Now, when you take into consid-
eration the fact that the price of paper has
diminished, and the further fact that there has
been a greater diminution of the printing for
the other Departments than all this printing for
the custom-nouses which has been spoken of
will amount to, I think the House cannot como
to any other conclusion than that the sum
named in the amendment is sufficient.
Sir,, if you follow the estimates made by the
Public Printer, I can tell you you will have
fabulous sums to pay. Why, the building for
which the Congressional Printer asks $100,000
in his report was estimated for a year ago, and
the whole amount of the estimate for that same
building was only $40,000! The man who now
enjoys the position of Public Printer has been
incurring heavy bills in turning out good print-
ing presses ana buying useless printing presses.
If you should undertake to make appropria-
tions in accordance with the estimates made
by that department there would be no limit to
the expenses that would be incurred. There
may be some necessity for additional paper
growing out of the census, but for no other
purpose is there any necessityx>f appropriating !
even as much as we appropriated last year;
and unless you intend to include in thisappro-
friation the amount required for the census,
undertake to say that $350,000 worth of paper
will supply all the needs of the country, when
you are proposing to stop the publication of
documents and reports, and thus to obviate
the necessity for fifty or sixty thousand dollars'
worth of paper.
Mr. DAWES. I hope we shall have a vote.
This is- $150,000 less than the estimate of the
Public Printer.
Mr. ELA. I withdraw the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I renew it. I believe
that one of the controlling reasons for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege was that we
were going to greatly reduce the amount of j
public printing. Now, if that is true, and this i
large mass of printing that has heretofore been j
done is to he done away with, then where is t
the necessity of the same amount of money
that we appropriated last year for paper for the
public printing ? I see that we appropriated
last yea,r but $400,000. The gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Ela] has told us that that
amount was enough and more than enough;
that it has not been quite all expended yet.
With the abolition af the franking privilege
how do we need evep a larger amount appro-
priated this year for paper?
Mr. LAFLIN. Will the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] allow me a word
just here ?
Mr, BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. LAFLIN. I hope the gentleman will
bear in mind, when he makes that statement,
that the printing office may have on hand a
larger amount of paper at the commencement
of one year than at the commencement of
another. That may account for what he states.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Lafun] prepared to state
that such is the fact?
Mr. LAFLIN. I have reason to believe that
such is the fact; I have not the figures before
me.
Mr. ELA. The report of the Congressional
tes t0 l^e amount actually used,
not to the amount on hand.
Mr. LAFLIN. If I recollect correctly, the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Ela]
stated that the paper that was used amounted
to $899,000. In looking over the report of the
Congressional Printer I observe that he gitfes
that as the amount of disbursements for paper.
It is so stated in the report which I hold in my
hand.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I apprehend that the peo-
ple of this country will hardly believe that we
mean retrenchment, and that to carry out that
idea we abolished the franking privilege Upon
the plea t hat it was going to save a large amount
to the Government in the item of public print-
ing ; if we now go on and appropriate, as we
| are asked to do by this bill, $50,000 more
than we appropriated last year, and which
Eroved to be ample for the purpose, I sincerely
ope the amendment will prevail, '
Mr. HALDEMAN. I move to amend this
pending clause by adding the words, " for the
use of Congress." I move this amendment
for the purpose of saying a word or two in
reply to a remark made by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes ;] 1 heard him but
indistinctly; still I understood him to speak
of the coming census and of the printing that
would be required for it. It is for that purpose
that I desire to say a word. I do not, know
what printing will be required by the action of
the Senate upon the subject of taking the next
census. I know only that in consequence of the
ignorant, ilbadvised, and inconsiderate action
of the Senate, you will have a census which
will be a disgrace to the Congress of this year.
I now withdraw my amendment.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Cleveland, to reduce the amount
" for paper for the public printing" from $450,-
000 to $300,000; and it was not agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the public binding, $450,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the
clause just read by reducing the amount from
$450,000 to $300,000.
Mr. CLEVELAND. To the amount appro-
priated last year.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The same reasons which
1 urged a. few moments ago for a reduction of
the amount proposed to be appropriated for
paper for the public printing apply with double
force to this item for the public binding. There
can be no plea of any necessity for an increased
appropriation for this item in consequence of
the taking of the census this year. I apprehend
that nothing of that kind will be required for
the year for which this bill proposes to appro-
priate money. I notice that last year there
was but $300,000 appropriated for the purpose
of public binding. We now propose to abolish
the franking privilege, and we shall do so.
That must of necessity reduce the amount of
public binding very largely. Yet, notwith-
standing that, here is an increase of $150,000
asked for, or fifty per cent, more than the
amount appropriated last year for this purpose.
Now, I would like to hear from some member
of the Committee on Appropriations some rea-
son for this large increase in the appropriation
for public binding, an increase of $150,000
over the amount appropriated last year. Cer-
tainly no necessity for it is apparent to us.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
oppose the amendment. The reason for which
the gentleman asks is exactly that which has
been given heretofore ; that by new laws, or by
the enforcement of old laws which were pre- ;
viously disregarded, all these blank-books have j
within the last year been prepared, printed, I
and bound at the Public Printing Office. When )
I speak of the printing of these books, I mean
of course the numbering, indexing, &c. A !
statement has been read at the Clerk's desk j
showing that the increase has been about one !
third. Instead of going into the market and
buying blank-books wherever they are to be i
found, the Departments are required to have 1
prepared at the Public Printing Ouiee all the
blank-books they need for the public service.
The Treasury Department, for instance, must
obtain in this way the blank-books needed for
the custom-houses at New York, Boston, Phil-
adelphia, San Francisc'o, and all other ports.
Mr. ELA. Has not that requirement been
in force since the Thirty-Ninth Congress?
Mr. SARGENT. It has been the law since
1862; but the law in this respect was system-
atically violated until recently, when the De-
partmentcommenceddoingthis work in accord-
ance with the requirement of the law, which
ought to have been observed long ago. When
the Departments undertook to carry out this
provision of the law, by having these blank-
books prepared at the Government Printing
; Office, there then arose the necessity for a
; larger appropriation. Yet gentlemen rise here
| and say, "We will not appropriate any increased
amount for this purpose, because when the law
was not observed you did not ask for so much."
I will show gentlemen why this law has been
observed recently, as it was not before. In
1869 the appropriation for public binding in
the general appropriation law was accom-
panied with a proviso, and it read as follows:
" For.the public binding, $200,000: Provided, That
all blank-books and binding shall be made and done
at the Government bindery; and all payments of
public money for Government printing or binding
not done at the Government Printing Office accord-
ing to the provisions of the act of July 20, 1S63, shall
not be allowed by the accounting officers of tho Gov-
ernment."
Since that proviso was inserted in the appro-
priation bill the Departments have had their
printing and binding done at the Government
Printing Office. Hence they have come here
with increased estimates, which the Commit-
tee on Appropriations have cut down largely;
yet the appropriations are necessarily in excess
of the amounts which were required before
that proviso became the law of the land. This
additional work being necessary and actually
being done, the committee have recommended
an increased appropriation, while declining to
report in favor of the whole amount asked by
the printing bureau. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. ELA. I renew the amendment. I think
I can give a better reason than that the gen-
tleman has stated why more money is required
for the public binding than has been asked
for heretofore. If the gentleman will take the
trouble to look into the reports of the Public
Printer he will find that in 1868 the expendi-
ture of the State Department for printing was
$5,356 10; for paper, $2,735 01; for blank-
books, binding,. &c., $7,853 22: while for
1869 the cost of printing for that Department
was only $2,473 63; for paper, only $1,009 06;
and yet the cost of blank-books, binding, &c.,
was increased to $9,935 79—an increase of
over two thousand dollars upon the same item
in the preceding year, while the expense for
printing and paper is diminished. This will
help to explain why we are called upon to
make this increased appropriation for the item
of binding. There has been no considerable
increase in the work of that Department; and
the diminution in the work of the Treasury
Department must be evident to any one who
will take the trouble to examine the report of
the Congressional Printer. You will find the
binding for the Treasury Department in 1868
amounted to $99,158 and some odd cents;
while for 1869 the requirement for binding lor
the Treasury Department had diminished so
that they only required $76,617 01. Instead
of there being any requirement lor an addi-
tion of the binding at the Government Print-
ing Office, there is no good reason why it
should not be cut down, and not above the
amount named should be appropriated for that
purpose.
Mr. LAFLIN. My late colleague on the
Committee on Printing has made a mistake in
stating that the binding for the State Depart-
ment has increased in the manner stated by
