8X28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GlLOBE.
April 30,
be the principle that should regulate our con-
duct on this floor. The effect of my motion
■will not be to defeat that appropriation, but its
effect will be to pass over all the special orders
that have had particular days assigned for them,
including this tariff bill, and then when in
Committee of the Whole anything that inter-
venes before the consideration of the bill I
have introduced can be passed by informally.
Nothing is defeated or killed; it is only a
question of the order of business.
Mr. O'NEILL. If the gentleman will allow
me I desire to say a word here. In the gen-
tleman's great anxiety to defeat this tariff bill
which I and many others consider very import-
ant to the interests of this country, and when
he is trying to impress upon the Hoase that we
must relieve the people of taxation, why does he
not put into the category of the important meas-
ures yet to be considered by the House the
repeal of the inquisitorial and now obnoxious
income tax? I presume the gentleman is op-
posed to the repeal of that tax. Yet he wants
it to go abroad to the country that we are not
inclined to relieve the people of taxation where
ever we can.
Mr. JUDD. I always listen to my friend
from Pennsylvania with extreme pleasure, and
I shall try to answer any questions he may put
to me. In the first place, I would answer him
by saying that so far from avoiding the tariff
question, my bill is a tariff bill and an internal
revenue bill, and there is great propriety in
having the two modes of reduction side by side,
so that there may be no injustice done to the
tax-payer.
Mr. O'NEILL. But not upon theprotection
question ; and there is Where t differ with the
gentleman in this move merit.
Mr. JUDD. The gentleman asks me why I
do not propose to repeal the odious income
tax. Why, if he will dome the honor to read
the little bill that I have introduced, he will
find that I propose to raise the exemption to
$2-, 500, and reduce the tix to three per cent.
1 am afraid he has not read the bill, although
it has been on his file fot days.
Mr. O'NEILL. I will say to the gentleman
that I have nbt read his bill, but I am With
him if he proposes to Relieve the people of the
income tax entirely; but I want no compromise,
either increasing the exemption or reducing
the tax.
Mr. JUDD. I -will sfey to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that if htf Will join mo in
getting that bill before the Souse for consid-
eration, all the&e motions and suggestions as
to the repeal of the income tax And every other
change that he desires will be considered atld
acted uponby the House. It Is a mere ques-
tion whether a majority of the House will allow
some bill to come before it for consideration
that there iB a probability that the Houlse can
discuss and pftss at the present Session.
Mr. SCHENOIt, Mr. Speaker, as this is
a yiery extraordinary and Unusual protending,
I propose first, if I can, to understand precisely
to what esctent H goes; I had thought that
when yoto reached a special order that partre-
"nlar order might be laid aside with a view to
take up other business. But I was not awa^e
that it was within the Wife's of the House to
make a general motion to set aside all special
orders in order to get at the general Calendar;
Sor did I' tind^rstand that any question of pri-
ority of business was a debatable question. I
thought that was forbidden by the rales. I
yield, however, to the decision of the Chair
rupoiV tha* point. -
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not rule
'on thelatter point; but tie did iti!e that it is
competent, according to many precedents, to
postpone the special orders. The gentleman
i'tom Ohio [Mr. Schenck] bis allowed thfe
"debate to run on, and the Chair supposes he
desire# himself t ©participate in it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I certainly do, sir. I
>©ttly speak of the practice of the Hotise which
is in conformity to what I understand to be
the rule authorizing only the postponement of
each special order as it is reached. However,
that is not the motion of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Judd.] It is to set aside all the
special orders of this House, the internal tax
bill, all the appropriation bills, and everything
else that has been referred to the Committee
of the Whole and made a special order, with
a view to get, as he says, to the general Cal-
endar, but, as he further admits, not to get
at the general Calendar for the sake of what-
ever business may be contained in the various
bills and propositions upon that general Cal-
endar, but when he has reached it, to lay aside
in succession, I suppose, every other bill in
order to reach what he avows he is after, his
tariff bill. In other words, the gentleman pro-
poses to supersede the Committee of Ways
and Means of this House and its work in order
to substitute himself in its stead. The prop-
osition which he makes has that extent, no
more and no less. And the reason assigned
by him for thus setting aside the tariff bill and
the internal tax bill, which comes next, and all
the appropriation bills, which are also made
special orders, is that theimportance of that bill,
audits peculiar merit and superiority to every-
thing else that has been proposed to this Honse,
require that it should have immediate attention.
In order to sustain his proposition, he gave
a history of legislation in regard to this tariff
bill. He has omitted a great deal of tliat his-
tory. Every tariff bill, every bill to amend or
revise the tariff must necessarily be a proposi-
tion consisting of a great -number of details.
All those details, in order to be properly under-
stood and beted on, must be considered and
disposed Of as they arise. Now, when this
tariff bill was introduced, with a liberality to-
ward those who are either free traders or op-
posed to any protective system unexampled,
they were permitted to-have the fullest indul-
gence in general- debate,- and it was thought
then and feard around thfe House by gentlemen
on both sides th^t the effect of such indulgence
in the expression of their views upon one side
or the otfeer of the main (Question would result
In having the matter so fully considered that
when we came to the details, each one of them,
with some suggestions on the one side and the
other 6fthe arguments pro and con, would he
speedily disposed of. But is that the history
of the proceedings ? Not at all. That gentle-
man and others in this House from the begin-
hingto the fend of this discussion have made
themselves Responsible for the delay in the
progress of business.
Mr. JUDD. Allow me to correct thfe gen-
tleman.
Mr. SCHENCK. No; I did not interrupt
the getatleman and I do not mean to be inter-
rupted by him. Ifthis bill should fail to become
a law, as the gentleman so .Confidently predicts,
but which I do not believe, its epitaph may be
easily written: "Nibbled to death by pismires."
[Loud and continued laughter.]
Throughout the Whole discussion upon every
little item, amendment -after amendment has
been offered, very frequently in' good faith,
very frequently with some result more br less
satisfactory to the members of the House"; but
still more frequently amendment after amend-
ment haS bein proposed, insisted upon, with-
drawn, renewed, and all the tiniedebated, until
the patienc6 of all was exhausted', in order
that mere delay and dilatory proceedings might
result in the defeat of that'wtiieh gentlemen did
not geem at the time or even nOw to'feel they
•were strong enough to meet fairly, openly, and
Twjdareiy tipon-its merits.
It may be said that this permission to con-
tinue debate was the fault of theCommittee of
"Ways and Means, and especially of myself as
the chairman off the Committee of Ways and
Means. Sir, this House will bear me witness
that "while J h&ve With the most complete liber-
ality allowed great latitude of debate on the de-
tails as well as upon the general merits? of the
bill, and the various propositions it contains,
again and again in Committee of the Whole
have I appealed in vain to obtain genera! eon-
sentto stop debate, and unwillingness to grant
that consent has almost always been manifested.
And during evening sessions, and on other oc-
casions when I have moverl that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debute, ilie gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd] and others
have opposed me, in order that when we again
went into Committee of the Whole opportunity
might be still afforded to delay progress upon
the bill.
But I suppose the gentleman has not acted
without his cue. I had not expected, before
his motion was made, that anything of the
kind was to be sprung upon the House. But
since the gentleman commenced to speak I
have found that his motion was to order. I
hold in my hand a copy of the New York
Evening Post, a paper which, to say the least,
has a very strong tendency to free trade. By
reference to a leading article in its issue of
last evening it will bo seen that it is there given
out that this movement was to be made for
the reason, as that paper states, that—
"It takes the conduct of legislation out of ths
bands of Messrs. Scuenck, IIoopek, Kellf.y, May-
nakd, and McCabtiiy, who have distinctly espoused
tho monopoly and bounty principle, which the
House bos as distinctly rejected. It gives the con-
duct of the legislation on this subject into the handt
of tho revenue reformers, wlio, under iho lead of
Messrs. Logan, Allison, Wilson, Benjamin, and
others, yesterday carried tho Uouso in favor of a
real remission of indirect taxes on transportation,
and of giving the people cheaper railways."
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to a point of order.
■ The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. ALLISON. My point of order is, that
the course of remark indulged in by the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] i3 not legit-
imate debate upon the question now pending
before the House.
Mr. JUDD. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] will be allowed to pro-
ceed. I will gay that I never in the world saw
the paper referred to by him. I have had this
proposition in consideration for the last ten
days.
Mr. SCHENCK. May I not be permitted to
Say what the next movement will be? Accord-
ing to this paper—
"The next step is obvious. Let the Schknce
•bill, which represents no principle and no party, be
dropped at once."
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me to make a remark
right here, as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] has read my name in this connec-
tion. I state here in the presence of this House
that I have never read the bill which my col-
league [Mr. Jodd] has introduced ; and I will
state further that I have never entered into any
coalition with any man or set of men; that I
had no knowledge that this motion was to be
made, and that the whole paragraph the gen-
tleman has read is false from beginning to end,
and it is very ungenerous in its introduction
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, no sir; not at all
ungenerous in its.introduction. The publica-
tion is so entirely coexistent with this motion,
having been published last evening, and the
motion pressed to-day at the first opportunity
afterward, that I must be pardoned if I thought
there was some connection between the two.
I have never for a moment intimated that these
gentlemen have authorized any such publica-
tion, or that they have entered into any com-
bination other than what may appear upon the
face of affairs in this House. But if the gen-
tlemen had heard me to the close they would
hs^ve learned what this editor says, that better
things are expected under the lead of these
gentlemen who Are named; and I subfnit to
thfe House Whether I have not been justified in
reading from the article in this connection.
Now, sir, the gentleman puts himself <br-
