1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4073
the internal revenue laws have been consid-
ered separately from the tariff laws by Con-
gress. But in the early history of this Gov-
ernment, as gentlemen must be well aware,
both species of taxes were considered together.
And in the British Parliament, from which are
derived the principles of our parliamentary
law, they are always considered together;
internal revenue and tariff being dealt with
by one measure.
Further, in the judgment of the Chair, the
amendment is germane, from the very neces-
sities of the case, for it might be of the utmost
importance in determining the internal revenue
to be derived from any article, to determine
also what the external revenue shall be from
the same article. The judgment of the House
might at a very critical time be needed on both
propositions together, because the one might
obviously affect and determine the other. The
Chair, therefore, would regard it as a matter
of very great significance and importance, if
the House should decide that, under its rules,
an internal revenue tax and an external revenue
tax could not be considered together. The
point, however, is one which involves so many
grave considerations that the Chair would be
very far from desiring to force his own judg-
ment on the House. His opinion is, that under
this bill an amendment such as that proposed
by the gentleman from New York can be enter-
tained. But in order that the House may be
left perfectly free, he submits to the House, as
he is entitled to do, the question whether this
amendment shall be considered as germane.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. The Chair will pardon
me for remarking that I think he has not in
any way based his decision on our rules. The
British Parliament has no such rule as ours to
which 1 referred, and on which I based my iirst
point, that this was a new and independent
juoposition, which ought first to be considered
in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. That point the Chair would
have no hesitation in overruling. Unanimous !
consent having been given to consider this bill ;
in the House, that would cover all amendments j
considered to be germane, and hence the only ]
question at issue is whether the amendment i
submitted be germane. {
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I desire to inquire j
whether there are no precedents bearing on
this point in our own history of the last few
years?
Mr. SCHENCK. With the permission of
the Chair 1 would direct attention to the fact
that the same objection wu,s made to a provis-
ion for amending the tariff on cigars, included
in the internal revenue lav/ of last Congress,
and that, the provision was ruled to be perti
nent to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had for the
moment overlooked that case, biU is glad to
find the position lie has taken additionally sus-
tained by recent decisions. And he would say
further that he has before him at this moment
one of the most important revenue bills ever
passed in this country, a bill passed by the
First Congress, in regard both to tariff and do-
mestic revenue on distilled spirits, both being
considered together in the same bill. The
Chair therefore would say, while repeating
that he does not desire to force his opinion on
the House, that in his judgment it is entirely
germane to amend an internal revenue bill
with an external revenue bill, and that the two
subjects are so connected that it would be a
great inconvenience if it should become a set-
tled parliamentary principle that they could
not be considered together.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker  
The SPEAKER,. The question is one that
ought to be taken without debate.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. There can only be one
point of order at a time.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I desire to make a
parliamentary inquiry, and it is whether, if
the question which the Chair is about to sub-
mit to the House shall be decided in the affirm-
ative, the point of order which I make, that this
amendment is not germane to this particular
section, will still be in time?
The SPEAKER. It will, and the Chair will
hold it to be reserved. The Chair has not
ruled upon that point yet. He will first sub-
mit the general question to the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to make a parliamentary inquiry. Does uot
this question stand differently from what it
would under the rules of the House, because
by unanimous consent the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] was allowed to bring for-
ward this internal tax bill, to be considered in
the House, and not in Committee of the Whole.
Now, under that unanimous consent, that one
thing may be brought forward, can any other
thing be brought in ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
ruled on that point. When the House agrees
to consider a bill in the House, instead of in
Committee of the Whole, it gives its consent
at the same time to consider all germane amend-
ments. The Chair is glad to be fortified in his
opinion by a section of the internal revenue act
approved July 20, 1808, and as it, bears directly
upon this point, the Chair will direct the Clerk
to read it, and lie asks the particular attention
of gentlemen to the proviso to that section. It
is the same referred to a few moments since
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciiexck.]
The Clerk read as follows:
" Sec. 87. And be it further cnacted, That the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue shall cause to be pre-
pared, for payment of the -tax upon cigars, suit-
able stamps denoting the tax thereon ; and all cigars
shall bo packed in quantities of twonty-live, iifty,
one llll- dred, two hundred arid filly, and live hun-
dred, and all such stamps shall be furnished to col-
lectors requiring the same, who shall, it there be any
cigar inonutacturers within their respective districts,
keep oo hand at atl times a supply equal in amount
to two months' sales thereof, and shaft sell the same
only to the cigar manufacturers who have given bonds
and paid the special tux, as required by l,w, in then
districts respectively, ami t > importer> of cigars who
arc required to affix the same to imported cigars in
the custody ofcustoms officers.and to persons required
by law to affix the same to cigars on hand on the 1st,
d n y of January. A. D. 1869; and every collector shall
keep an account of the number, amount, and denom-
inate values of the stumps sold by liim to each cigar
manufacturer and to other persons above described :
Provided, That from and alter the passage of this
acc tho duty on all cigars imported into tlio United
States from foreign countries shall boS2 50pcr pound
and twenty-five per cent, ad valorem."
Tho SPEAKER. The ruling in that case
was made by the gentleman who occupied the
chair immediately preceding the present occu-
pant.
Mr. WOOD. I would call the attention of
the Chair to the forty-eighth and forty-ninth
rules of tho House, which govern the proceed-
ings of the House in cases of this character,
and I would ask the Speaker whether in his
judgment the amendment of my colleague
[Mr. Brooks] is not excluded by those rules.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rales to which the gentleman refers, and the
Chair will then decide the point raised by the
gentleman.
The Clerk read as follows:
"■18. No motion or proposition on a subject differ-
ent troill that under consideration shall be admitted
under color of amendment. No bill or resolution
shall at any time be amended by annexing thereto,
or incorporating therewith, any other bill or resolu-
tion pending before the House.
'*.10. When a motion has been once made and car-
ried in tho affirmative or negative, it shall be in
order lor any member of the m ijority to move for
thf reconsideration thereof, on the same or succeed-
ing day, and such motion shall take precedence of
all other questions, except a motion to adjourn, and
shall not be withdrawn alter thesaid succeeding day,"
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see
the pertinency of Rule 40 to this case at all.
in regard to Rule 48, as to whether tho amend-
ment is of a different nature, the Chair has
already ruled upon that point. This is a tax
bill, and whether the amendment, relates to
internal or external taxes, it is clearly, in the
judgmeutof the Chair, within the power of the
House to consider it. The Chair will now sub-
mit the question to a vote of the House. •
Mr. KELLOGG. I think we had better"
adjourn, so that, we may have time to look into
this question. -
The SPEAKER. The preliminary question
is, " Will theHouse regard anamendmentofthe
kind moved by the gentleman from New YorK
[Mr. Brooks] as germane to the bill notv under
consideration ?"
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative, upon a division—ayes 116, noes 27.
The SPEAKER. On the point of order
raised by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Maynard,] the Chair rules that the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] is not now in order as an
independent section, for the reason that the
House lias agreed to go through this bill by
sections, and until all the sections of this bill
have been acted upon no additional sections
are in order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I suppose,
as my amendment has been decided by the
House to be germane to this bill, that after this
bill has been gone through, the floor will be
awarded to me to move my amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, in accordance
with parliamentary practice, will first recognize
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] as
having charge of this bill.
No further amendment being offered to sec-
tion forty-five, the next section, being the last
section of the bill, was read, as follows:
Sec. 46. And be it further enacted. That sections
seventy-three to eighty-seven, inclusive, and ninety-
eight to one hundred and seventy-one, inclusive, of
tho act of June 30,1864, chapter one hundred and
seventy-three, and so much of all acts as aro amend-
atory of any ofthesaid sections; also section thirteen,
of tho act of March 3, 18B5, chapter seventy-eight;
also sections six and thirteen of tho act of March 3,
1865, as amended by tho act of July 13,1808, chapter
one hundred and eighty-four, be, and aro hireby,
repealed : Provided, That all tho provisions of said
acts shall be in force for levying and collecting all
taxes properly assessed or liable to bo assessed or
aecruiug under the provisions of former acts or draw-
backs, the right to which has already accrued or
which may hereaitcr accrue under said acts, and for
maintaining and continuing liens, lines, penalties,
and forfeitures inclined under and by virtue thereof.
And this act shall not be construed to affect any act
done, right accrued, or penalty incurred under former
nets, but overy such right is hereby saved. And for
carrying out and completing all proceedings which
have been already commenced or that may bo com-
menced to enforce such lines, penalties, and forfeit-
ures, or criminal proceedings under said acts, and
lor the punishment of crimes of which any party shall
be or has been found guilty: And provided further.
That nootliee croated by tho said acts and continued
by this act shall be vacated by reason of any provis-
ions heroin contained, but the otlicers heretofore
appointed shall continue to hold the said oliices with-
out reappointment until their successors or other
officers to perform their duties, respectively, shall bo
appointed as provided in this act: And vrowledfur-
tlier. That whenever the duty imposed by any exist-
ing law shall cease in conscquenco of any limitation
therein contained before tho respective provisions ot
this act shall take effect, the same duty or tax shall
be, and is hereby, continued until such provisions of
this actshall takaeffect; and where any act is hereby
repealed no duty or tax imposed {hereby shall bo
heid to ccasc iu consequonco of such repeal until tho
respective corresponding provisions of this actshall
tako effect.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee of Ways
and Means have carefully examined all the
existing laws with a view to ascertain what
sections provide for the various' taxes which
are done away with by this bill. They find one
or two errors iu the enumeration of those sec-
tions, as set forth in this section. 1 am there-
fore instructed by the Committee of Ways and
Means to move to amend this section by strik-
ing out, all after the enacting clause down to
the first proviso, and inserting in lieu thereof
tho following:
That sections seventy-one to eighty-six, inclusive,
and section ninety-l'ourand sections ninety-eight to
ono hundred and sixly-seven, inclusive, andseetioiis
one hundred and sixty-nine, one hundred a«u sev-
enty, and one hundred o.nd seventy-eight ot tno act
of June 30,1864, chapter one hundred and seventy-
three, and so much of all acts as are amendatoiy
thereof; also, sections t>ix and thirteen of the -'Ot ot
March 3.1865, chapter seventy-eight, and somuch
of all acts as are amendatory thereof, als , sections
ono and thirteen of the act of March 31 lSto. cnap-
ter forty-one, be, and are hereby, lepealccl.
