1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQ3p,
501f
Mr. BENJAMIN. The only question in the
conference was between the House bill fixing
the fee at thirty cents, and the Senate bill fix-
ing the fee at forty cents. The Senate is willing
to recede from its amendment and adopt the
House bill. If the House agrees to this report
it will get all it has asked.
The report of the committee of conference
was adopted.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I yield to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Butler.]
election contest ziegleil vs. bicb.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. The Com-
mittee of Elections have directed me to pre-
sent a report in the contested-election case of
Ziegler vs. Rice, from the ninth congressional
district of Kentucky. I give notice that I shall
call up the case oil Friday of next wer-k, and
1 move that the report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Task that the
resolutions reported by the committee lie read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved. That lion. John M. Rice is disqualified
by the third Section of the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States from holding
a sen,tin Congress; and thai the seat now occupied
by him as a Representative from the ninth district
of' Kentucky in the Forty-First Congress is hereby
declared vacant; and tba.t the Speaker of the House
of Represent;! tives notify t.he Governor of the Com-
monwealth nf Kentucky that such vacancy exists.
lienoloed, That Oenewl John b. Ziegler contested
the sea tot' lion. John At. Rice in the Forty-First Con-
gress in good faith, and should be paid——- dollars
for expenses incuired in said contest.
Mr. BUl'R. I ask permission to submit the
views of the minority of the committee, who
propose the following as a substitute for the
resolutions of the majority :
Jiesoived, That Hon. John M. Rice is justly en-
titled to his seat as Representative in the Forty-
First Congress from the ninth district of the State of
Kentucky.
The SPEAKER. Both reports will be laid
on the table, and, if there be no objection, will
be ordered to be printed.
There being 110 objection, it was ordered
accordingly.
business of committee of elections.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] who wishes to
give a notice relative to the business of the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. PAINE. As I understand the arrange-
ment with reference to the funding bill, it will
not be in order for me to bring forward any
election cases while (hat bill is pending. I
therefore wish to ask the Chair whether there
is any order or agreement of the House which
will exclude election cases when this bill shall
have been disposed of'!
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware
of anything of that kind, except the privileged
reports of committees ol conference. Several
bills are noiv before committees of confer-
ence, and on other bills committees have been
ordered. The reports ot committees of con-
ference, which are questions ot the highest
privilege, are, so far as the Chair is 'iwaie, the
only business which would interfere with the
business of the Commiilee of Elections.
Mr. PAINE. I give notice that if there
should be no question of higher privilege before
the House when the funding bill shall be dis
posed of I shall ask the House to devote some
time to the consideration of several contested-
election eases. I shall not ask for any pro-
longed discussion upon those cases; but will
leave the House to decide whether it will vote
upon them after a short debate or no debate
at, all. I must, however, ask the House to
dispoco of eoveial of'.hose eases in succession.
Mr. SCHENCK. As 1 do not desire to waive
any right, 1 wish to say lhat afier a day or two
j| I shall move that the House resolve itself into
|| the Committee of the Whole upon the bill to"
;| establish the department of internal revenue.
■ j The SPEAKER. That would present a
|| question of suspension of the rules, and the
11 House would, of course, have to decide be-
1 tween that proposition and the business of the
Committee of Elections.
united status freehold land compant.
Mr. CULLOif. I ask unanimous consent
to report"back from the Committee on the Terri-
tories a bill (H. E. No. 1953) to incorporate
the United States Freehold Land and Immigra-
tion Company, and to confirm certain legisla-
tion in Colorado Territory, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. WARD. 1 should like to have some
explanation of the purpose of that bill.
Mr. CULLOM. All there is of the bill is
to allow these parties in the southern part of
Colorado and in the northern part of New
Mexico to be incorporated, so that they may
borrow money and improve their lands. I
understand that they propose to bring over
some twenty-live thousand immigrants from
Holland to settle 011 these lands.
Mr. WARD. Does not this bill allow these
parties to take np the public lands in unlim-
ited quantities ?
Mr. CULLOM. It does not. It is limited
in that respect to the lands which they now
possess.
Mr. WARD. Let us have I he bill read.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that William Gilpin, Ambrose E. Burn-
side, S. L. M. Barlow, Charles A. Lambard,
William II. Reynolds, Hiram Hitchcock,
Henry W. Oray, Morton C. Fisher, and such
other persons as may be associated with them
and their successors, are hereby created a
body-politic and corporate, by the name,
style, and title of the United Slates Freehold
Land and Emigration Company, and by that
name shall have perpetual succession, and
shall be able to sue and be sued, plead and be
impleaded, defend and be defended, in all
courts of law and equity in the United States
and the Territory of Colorado, and may make
and have a common seal.
The second section provides that the capital
stoelc of the said corporation shall be $2,500,-
000, divided into shares of $100 each, and the
same shall be deemed to be personal property
and transferable 011 the books of the company
only, and such capital stock may be increased
from time to time, to the extent necessary to
carry out the objects for which said company
is formed, upon avote of two thirds in amount
of the stock for the time being in favor of
such increase.
The third section provides that the said com-
pany shall have power to make such by-laws
as it deems proper lor the disposition of its
properly and estate, and for the management
of its business and affairs, for the regulation
of the term of olliee of its officers and their
diitie.-, and to carry out the general objects
of the corporation, and the same to amend
or repeal at pleasuie; provided, that such
bv-lavvs shall not conflict with any law of the
United States, or of the State or Territory in
which its piineipul property shall be situated,
and 11s bin-mess shall be carried on.
The fourth section provides that the corpor-
ators named in this act shall he the directors
for the first year from the organization of the
company, and until others are elected; and
thereafter annual elections of directors, not,
less than fivo or more than -nine in number,
shall be held by the stockholders, at meetings
to be called tor that purpose, at which each
share of stock present ill person or by proxy
shall be entitled to one vote; and the majority
thereof shall elect.
The fifth section provides that the general
objects of such corporation are, and are hereby,
declared to be as follows: to promote and
encourage emigration to, and to establish set-
tlements on, the lands of said company in San
Luis Park, in the Territories of Colorado and
New Mexico, and, in connection therewith, es-
tablish such agencies as it may deem desirable
to purchase, hold, lease, sell, and mortgage any
real estate situate in said Territories, or either
of them, now owned or contracted for by any of
the persons named in the first section of this
act, his or their heirs or assigns; to survey, lay
out, and improve thesame; to establish, main-
tain, and operate wagon-roads and other means
of transit to and upou its property ; to construes
and maintain a railroad and telegraph line from
any point in the San Luis Park to the nearest
and most practicable point on either the Kansas'
Pacific railroad, the Union Pacific raftroasl,-
the Denver Branch railroad, or the Atchison,-
Topeka, and Santa F6 railroad; and the saw
compauy, fort,ho purpose of building and oper-
ating:such railroad, shall have the'right of way
through the public lands of the United States
from and between the points aforesaid, the said
right of way being to the extent-of two hundred
feet, on each side of said railroftd line; and
there is hereby granted to said company, along,
the line of said railroad, gfounds for stations,
buildings, workshops, switches, side tracks,
turn-tables, and water-stations, not exceeding
forty acres of land at any one point; -and such
corporation shall possess , all tha franchises
necessary to enable it to build and operate such
railroad for the transportation of freight and
passengers, and to collect and receive com-
pensation therefor; and the powers, privileges,
and franchises conferred on corporations by
mid under the provisions of chapter eighteeis
of the revised statutes of Colorado, or of any
and all amendments thereto, are hereby con-
firmed to and invested in said corporation;1
provided, that this act shall not be construed
to pennit said company to acquire title to any
other lands or real estate than such as is above
mentioned, except in satisfaction of debts law-
fully due it.
The sixth section provides that such cor-
poration may make aud dispose of its bonds
or other obligations in such amounts, at, such
ia,tes, and oil such terms, as it may deem most
for its interest, for the purpose of borrowing
money for the purposes aforesaid, and may
secure the same by a mortgage upou all or any
part of its property and all its franchises, and
may make the same and the interest thereon
payable at such place or places as it may deem
proper, and may hold and transfer such real
aud personal property as may he necessary for
the carrying out of its general purposes, and
may issue its stock and bonds for property and
again exchange its property for its bonds or
stock, and may convert any of its obligations,
at the option of the holders, into stock of the
company without further action of the stock-
holders.
The seventh section provides that this act
shall take effect immediately.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. KELSKY. Yes, sir; l object.
Mr. CULLOM. If the gentleman from New
York will listen to me for about a minute, I
think he will withdraw his objection.
Mr. JULIAN. There is a feature in this
bill which is very objectionable, and f am not
willing to let it pass without further examina-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. JULIAN. I must object.
settlers in nebraska..
Mr. TAFFE, I ask unanimous consent, to
take from the Speakei's table a bill (S. No.
713) for the relief of preemption settlers in the
State of Nebraska. •
The bill, which was lead, provides that set-
tlers upon the public domain within the limits
of the State of Nebraska,, who, prior t.o the 1st
day of January, 1870, had filed their declin-
atory statements under the preemption laws
for tracts once offered at public sale and after-
ward included in the Uter.il limits of any with-
