1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1241
him. If be will refer to the report of the Pub-
lie Printer lie will find that it not only includes
b'in'liii". but blank-books, ruling, &c.
Mr. °DA\VES. If there can be an under-
standing that the vote shall be taken without
iuVtlier debate I will not move the committee
IiS£  .
Mr. ELA. A paper has been put into my
hands since I have risen here in reference to
the management of the Public Printing Office,
and from one of the names which Irecoguize
oil the back of it I am pretty certain that the
statements made are correct.
Mr. DAWES. The conduct of the Public
Printer may or may not require investigation
at our hands: but it is not before the House
at this time. The question is, are these appro-
priations necessary for the actual service of
the Government?
Mr. ELA. There is every reason for our
inquiring into this matter, because it is alleged
that the incompetency of the Public Printer
has caused the necessity for these additional
appropriations. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to having the paper read to which I refer.
Mr. DAWES. I infer from the paper sent
tip that it is a printed circular which has been
laid upon the desks of all the members. The
Committee on Printing have the matter in their
charge, and it is their duty to investigate it;
but it hardly pertains to this bill whether the
Public Printer behaves with propriety or not.
Mr. NEGLEY. It does relate to this par-
ticular matter, and I do not see any reason
why it should not be read.
Mr. WARD. This is hardly a fair way to
make charges against the Public Printer.
The amendment of Mr. Benjamin was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. ELA. I move to reduce the appropria-
tion to $350,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
rise in order to close the debate on this whole
subject.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Scofield having resumed the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Blair reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
pursuant to order of the House, had had under
consideration the Union generally, and partic-
ularly the special order, being House bill No.
1)74, making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30,1871, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the special order,
feeing the annual appropriation bill for legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses; but
pending that motion I move that all debate on
the pending paragraph and the following par-
agraphs down to the '• Library of Congress "
shall be closed in one minute after their con-
sideration shall be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Blair in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the special order, being the
I'ill (11. E. No. 974) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, andjudicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1871,
Ibe question recurred on Mr. Ela's amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
Fur the purchase of books for the Library of Con-
Rt at SS.Ow.
Jlr. WOOD. I move to amend by striking
°ut''$8,000"' and inserting "$7,000." I do
so forthe purpose of calling the attention of the
Uouse to what I conceive to be a very great
sbuse in the management of the Library of
Congress. In this paragraph it is proposed to
expend $8,000 for the purchase of books for the
Library. It may not be known to all the mem-
bers of the committee in what way the books
are selected which constitute the Library. W e
have a joint Committee on the Library who,
it is assumed, supervise the selection of the
books that are purchased for that purpose. I
am advised, however, that the practice has
been for the Librarian himself to perform that
duty, and as the committee assume that he is
necessarily more conversant with the business
than they can possibly be, his selections, with-
out examination, are approved.
Now, sir, we suppose that the Library is a
collection of the most valuable works which it
is possible for the Government to procure. It
is the fact, however, that either under the laws
of Congress, or under the practice of those in
charge of the Library, books of the most scur-
rilous character, some of them infamous and
indecent, have been selected, and are now on
the shelves of the Library. On a recent occa-
sion I found on the catalogue the title of a
work containing a most scurrilous and libelous
assault on a member of this House, a calumny
written and published anonymously against him
during a heated political canvass. When I
made the inquiry as to the mode and manner
in which it was secured, that these political
squibs should go down to posterity by being
put on record in a department of the Govern-
ment, I was told by those in charge of the
Library that they were obliged to take in every-
thing; that the idea wasthat the Library should
1 contain everything that was published; that
I they had these calumnies against Washington,
, against Jefferson, against Lincoln, and against
| Johnson; that there was no member of the
| Government against whom libels might not be
j found in the Library ; and that whatever was
j published against a member of Congress in his
i own district, if it came to the Library, would
be put among the pamphlets, and would of
necessity be preserved among the archives of
the department.
Mr. CONGEE. I would ask the gentleman
whether a law was not passed by Congress
which requires that every publisher in the
United States who publishes a book shall send
a copy of it to the Library of Congress?
Mr. WOOD. That law applies to all copy-
rights.
Mr. CONGEE. Then, what the gentleman
complains of does not arise from any selection
made by the Librarian.
Mr. WOOD. It is the copyright works which
are received under the law referred to, and it
is not to these I take exception. What I com-
plain of is the purchasing and putting in the
Library of pamphlets which arenot copyrighted
at all. The gentleman will find that class of
publications in the Library, and I think it is a
gross abuse. I have risen for the purpose of
giving this information, in order that a remedy
may be applied to this abuse, and not for the
purpose of urging any reduction of the appro-
priation. If the fault is in the law, let us reform
it. If it is in the practice of the Librarian, let
us teach him to do his duty more carefully. I
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I renew it. Mr. Chair-
man, I have known the librarians of many of
the most noted libraries of the world. I have
been brought into intimate association with
them. And I am free to say that I never met
one who was more completely acquainted with
the books under his care than the Librarian
of this Congress. I have gone to him with the
hint of an idea—coming, perhaps, from my old
sohooldays—and when I named the author, he
would find the sentence I wanted; or when I
have named a subject, he has brought a whole
score of books bearing upon it. From what I
have seen of him, I have come to entertain the
idea that there probably never was a librarian
better fitted for his work than the gentleman
who now presides over the Library of Con-
gress. And I say it is his duty to receive all
works.
Mr. WOOD. Not all works.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I say all works. And
I go further than that. I have recently had
brought to my attention a work written in manu-
script by a Senator from Pennsylvania before
the_ beginning of this century. The proprietor
of it proposes to give it to the Library of Con-
gress, but desires to expurgate it. The Libra-
rian, to whom the matter has been given in
charge, has refused, and we must refuse to
accept any work which is expurgated, because
the expurgated parts might very likely be those
which might be the most useful. In a library
you want the truth. Those of you who use it
must judge for yourselves whether it is for or
against you. You do not want those expur-
gated books that are given to children; you
want facts. And if the descendants of Mr.
Maclay, of Pennsylvania, sell his memorials,
written when he was a Senator of the United
States of what took place when the Senate sat
with closed doors, to the Congress of the United
States at this time, they must sell them with
all the gossip they contain, because a single
sentence of that gossip may involve a fact
importantfor history. These very pamphlet a of
which the gentleman from New York speaks
may be facts for future history, for the black
points as well as the good points of men are
required in order to make up a true estimate
of their character.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PALMEE. In the absence of the senior
members of the Committee on the Library I
would state that the present Librarian of Con-
gress has held his position only since January,
1865, and that the particular work of which the
gentleman from New York complains was de-
posited in the Library previous to that time;
so that whatever of blame might attach to the
officer who received and placed it in the Library
does not attach to the present incumbent. But
in my judgment no blame should attach to any
one. The Librarian is compelled by law to
receive and receipt for every work that is copy-
righted. Whether the particular pamphlet to
which the gentleman from New York takes
exception was copyrighted I do not know.
But it is only proper for me to state to the
House that the gentleman from New York
complains of a pamphlet that was issued by a
resident of the city of New York, making grave
charges against him when he was mayor of
thatcity. It was not for the Librarian to judge
whether those charges were libelous or not.
When it was sent to the Library he receipted for
it and placed it among the other works there ;
and it seems to me, if the gentleman will per-
mit me to make the suggestion, that he could
not have done any better service to the author
of that work than to call public attention to its
being in the Library here, for by that means he
advertises it all over the country. As has been
said by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Haldeman,] it is not for the Librarian to play
the censor upon the works deposited in the
Library for the benefit of Congress and of tho
country. The exercise of such a function
might be a greater abuse than the receipt ot
works which might be regarded as libelous.
Now, sir, I am a new member upon the Com-
mittee on the Library, and it is not for me to
say whether the duties of that committee have
been well or ill discharged ; but I have confi-
dence that those members who have been upon
the committee for years will discharge their
trust. I know that the majority of them are
men in whom the gentleman from New York
would put the fullest trust. One of them is an
honored gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Woodward,] a member of the gentleman s
own party and a trusted member of this House.
I know the gentleman from New York would
say nothing that would bring that gentleman
into disrepute or expose him to criticism in
this House. Now, if the gentleman wants to
reform the law upon this subject let him pro-
pose that, but under the law as it is the
Librarian has no more than discharged his duty
under his oath.
