1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2185
has the consumer paid in paying that gum?
Hon-much has been paid in paying the amount
raised upon salt, which can be and is sold at a
profit in a foreign market where it is not pro-
tected, and at a much legs price than it is sold
to our own citizens? The whole duty re-
ceived from pig-iron is a trifle over $1,000,000.
How many millions are paid in paying this
$1,000,000? JSesides the iact that production
itself is impeded by the enhanced cost of all
machinery and tools, transportation is rendered
more expensive by the enhanced cost of rail-
roads. If we were to abolish the whole
duties on lumber, salt, coal, and pig-iron wo
should lose from the revenue only the sum of
$4,051,508. Bat how many millions would
be saved to the people by the reduction in t.hc
price of theso necessary articles and by the
renewed prosperity of the important domestic
industries dependent upon the above articles
as raw materials?
We are compelled to raise the sum of $125,-
000,000 in gold to pay the interest upon (lie
public debt. A reduction of 1 cent per pound
on mgiir would cause a loss to the revenue of
$10,000,000; moro than would be caused by
the entire removal of the duty on coal, salt,
lumbar, and pig-iron. Contrast for a moment
(lie decrees of relief which would bo afforded
to tho farmer of the country by taking off Uio
entire duty on lumber, salt, coal, and pig-iron,
or by taking oil 1 cent per pound upon the
amount of sugar he uses.
But it is clear to mo that while it is neces-
sary to collect tho amount of coin revenue
which we must collect now for the payment of
interest that the reduction of the rales of duty
upon tea, codec, and sugars is only another
way of fastening more securely upon tho peo-
ple, ami especially tho agricultural interest, of
(lie countryj burdens too grievous to be borne,
and of rivettng upon them taxes which are now
levied and collected solely for the advancement
of the interests of monopolists, whose agents
besiege this Capitol and the committees of this
llonse.
Tho great agricultural interest of tho country
is not represented hero by paid agents anil
lobbyists. The greatest productive interest of
the country is almost forgotten in the ecaselesH
clamor raised by the agents of particular in-
terests. But tho time when tins interest will
be felt mid heard is coming. In tho high prices
they must pay and the low prices which thoy
receive the formers of tlio country are learning
a lesson, the significance of which they will not,
fail to understand. As the Hepres;eiitativo of
men who cultivate the ;,oil, I ahlc thai the in-
terests of that gieat body ot our people may
be considered, ami if it, be true that, they are
having bunions disproportionod to those borne
by the protected manufactures, that in the re-
duction of the rovomio which is to bo imtile the
burdens be lightened. We are told with un-
ceasing iteration that tho prosperity of the
country is secured by tho prosperity of its man-
ufactures. Would it not be well enough to
reflect that there are vast interests not repre-
sented in the lobby whoso rights we must con-
sider and whose prosperity we should endeavor
to secure byjustatid equal laws, and that there
can be no real prosperity in tho country when
itsgreatestproducingiulerestis depressed and
overburdened ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chairman, as 1 was
on my way to the Capitol' this morning a friend
handed pie two slips cut from tho national
organ of the Democracy, the Hew "York World,
showing tho prices of produce in Chicago, Au-
gust 20 and November 13, 18(39, The figures
of that journal shovf that wheat. No. 1 on the
20th of August, 180'J, was worth §1 CO, while
on November 18, lSGf), it, was worth $1 3.");
everything else declining in proportion. This
change of price cannot be accounted for by the
change in price of gold, because it does not
correspond. It is not because then) is a falling
off in the foreign demand, for the same slips
showthat in 1808 wosliipped to Europe 1-14,603
barrrels of flour and 324,094 quarters of wheat;
while in I860 we shipped 307,600 barrels of
flour and 802,703 quarters of wheat. This
covers tho space between September 1 a,nd
December 21, and reduced to bushels makes
for 1868 3,255,070, and for 1800 8,286,736; an
increase in 1869 of more than 150 per cent.
Can any gentleman explain this change in
prices of farm produce? Certainly, the easiest
thing in the world; and that, too, without going
into details. It is because of the hostility here
manifested against the farmer's interest. Only
this and nothing more.
But I am not going to discuss this question.
I am going, however, to speak of California's
greatest interest.
The best speeches cither begin with tho sub-
ject and ramble off as far as possible, or begin
as far off ua possible and come to the subject
or not, as tho case may bo. In the inaugura-
tion of a now stylo I shall go up and come down.
Tho Dome of this Capitol is crowned by a
bronze statue of Freedom, weighing nearly
15,000 pounds. In all the works of nature
and in all the arts of men there is but
one thing that puzzles me so much as the
question of its elevation. When 1 was first
scut, hero as a ilepresentative of tho people I
believed the ugly thing stood there as the last
resting-place for departing .statesmen before
their (light, through a " bole in tho skies." I
believed that like a powerful battery it sent
down trembling currents of Freedom's spirit,
caught from the four winds as they bear along
the mingled sighs and joyous songs of the
world. 1 believed tho air in this Hall, in the
lobbies and corridors around, had been puri-
fied by the breath of patriotism, and that it
only needed to be breathed again to make the
soul expand in light and the heartburn with
lovo of man, love of country, and love of law-
ful liberty. I believed the very drippings from
the eaves of the Capitol fell like holy water
poured out from tho heavens to bless mid
gladden tho earthy 1 bolieved I should meet
here heroes in self-denial, tho men who stood
guard through the long, dark night of our
nation's adversity; men without self, devoting
their lives in labor and in truth to tho servico
of liberty and their country. 1 believed all
hero were entitled to and would dually rceoive
that blessing wherewith tho good old Abou
lien Adlicm was rewarded for bis lovo of man.
But, sir, 1 have found myself mistaken in
some things, and that brings me to that matter
which pu;;4e« ummost of oil things; that is
thi:>. when put iu fonn of a question: why is it
Congress cares nothing whatever for tho farm-
ing interest i of this country?
It. is a lit lie strange when wo aro forced by the
profligacy of I he times, past and gone I hope,
to resort, to a tariff for revenue that we do not
oiler the farmer some incidental protection as
well sis other industries. Every day the tariff
is being shaped into a galling yoko for tho
farmer, while it builds up powers of oppression
for his eventual enslavement. A careful exam-
ination of the revenue laws and tariffs would
beget, the impression if we did not know better
that tho fanning interests of this country vrero
intentionally being crippled by the representa-
tives of the people, liat, it is not my purpose
to discuss the general question of tariffs and
protection, whieh 1 oppose as a principle, but
it, is my purpose to show that the wine interests
of California arc entitled to some considera-
tion. By this bill the little protection hereto-
fore afforded is being removed.
Among tho best gifts to man is generous wine.
It elevates him to a level with the gods, and lie
" dwells in mansions in the skies." In aliases
of the world, to sit, down in peace under tho
vino and fig-treehasbcen the ambition of those
v.ishuig happy repose, The fig-tree, like the
olive, is said to be emblematical of pence and
plenty, health and strength, freedom of thought
and happiness in religion; but it is only so
when coupled with the vine. Of itself it blesses
not peace and plenty, it gives not health ^ud
strength, it has nothing to do. with freedom of
thought or with religion. Bat the vine, so
beautiful, to look upon, with its blossoms or
its clusters of luscious bunches hanging on its
branches, adornst the farmer's home, makes the
father and jnother happy, cheerful, and con-
tented, while the offspring, when scattered
through tho worlt}, look back to the old home
as the most sacred spot on earth. Our home
associations, more tfraa all things else, have
filled our country with men of greatness. Let
us aid them in every way to stamp a never-fad-
ing picture of the old family home upon the
heart of every child in America.
Let tho toiling masses upon whom hard for-
tune has laid her heaviest weight look back to
the old home withprideandpleasure. Butaside
from this influence, aside from these reasons
for encouraging the culture of tho grape, there
arc still others outweighing a whole world of
silver or gold. Its juices make men love one
another, it raises thein from sordid earth to sit
in sweet communion with the gods, where they
see all below clothed in most pleasing colors^
and the heavens—illimitable, outstretching
fields of never ending beauty, of endless joy.
In the prayer of Habakkuk we find that he,
tho sweetest of all the prophets, puts the vine,
and the fig-tree in his admiring mind next to
his-God.
" Although the lig-treo .shall not blossom, neither
chiill fruit bo on tho vines; tho labor of tho olivephnll
fail, and tho Holds shaft yield no meat; the flock
shall bo cut-oil from tho fold, and there shall be no
herd in tlic stall.-. Yot I willrejoieo in tho Lord; I
\villjoyint,he(,od of my salvation."
He would continue fo love the God of his
salvation though the fig, the olive, and the
fruit of the vine should cease. If the prophet
meant anything it was that he was entitled
to great credit for so doing; that love of
home, love of family, love of country, and
lovo of God maybe purer and bettor where
tho (i<j, the olive, and the grape flourish most.
In all ages of the world, and so it, will be to
the end, tho most wine and the highest civili-
zation go together. Here I neither speak of
temperance nor of that abhorrent abomination
drunkenness, but speak of the blessings en-
joyed hy ^rape-growing and wine-producing
countries. Can any divine now living say that
when our Saviour taught the Christian world
m fact and in reality to eat of his flesh and
drink ot his blood that bread and wine were
accidentally selected as vain representations?
No, indeed; for it is plain to the roasonni'''
mind that, bread and wine were taken as flesh
and blood because tliev would bear of no rep-
resentation.
J might preach a sermon on this subject,
winch to some would be instructive, to others
amusing; but,1 am dealing with facts, and not
with spiritual theories; therefore 1 hope to
oflouduoiic, and return to thowine supposed not
to be sanctified. No man with soul can pass
through tho vine districts of California during
tlnil balmy, hazy season when tho vines are
rendering all nature mirthful and joyous, with
their yellow, red, and golden vestments, and
hen- rich clusters of luscious bunches, without
thinking of the god§, and of the great blessings
given to man by the one God supreme. Then
man s soul will rise in rapturous thanks, and
lie will snig the beautiful Anacreontic ;'
"Press tho grape, and let it pour
Its shower;
P?I f! • , • top3 My goblet steep
1 It ttimk in woe the clusters weep.
}r£y 0n' wc,ep on' my Bouting vine •
{■ cn Kraut no tears but tears of wine
S f on and as thy Porrows flow Wlne"
1 ll table the luxury of woo' "
2he grape-field is a joyous play-ground fur
''eii?,embered ^ways with pleasurable
emotions. For struggling manhood it has its
charms; hut for old age it has its greatest
abactions  i rustling leaves, shady bowers,
the busy hum about the wine.press, tl,o music
of birds as their notes of praise eddy  „■
upon the air made sweet by a world in bloom:
Amid such scenes cheerful old ana rises v/'iii,.
