'228
APPENDIX TO THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 28,
Ho. of Beps.
The Tariff—Mr. Moore.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
our institutions. It is this' uncorrupted and
incorruptible class, so largely in the majority
in this country, that gives stability and the
assurance of perpetuity to our free institutions.
It is the voice of this people, intelligently ex-
pressed, that corrects our wrongs. When the
great cities.become corrupt and favor corrupt
men and corrupt legislation, to the rural dis-
tricts we turn for relief.
Sir, I look with abhorrence upon any system
of legislation that tends to pile needless bur-
dens upon this class of our fellow-citizens;
and I do think tliat the present tariff, as well
as the bill reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means and now under consideration, looks
too steadily toward the interests of capital and
v/ealthy corporations. Upon the article of coal
this measure, as it seems to me, needlessly and
unwisely lays its heavy hand, as it is an article
of general consumption and a necessity felt by
all classes of our fellow-citizens; and in the
interest of all classes except those who would
control this trade and are impatient to make
the most in the shortest possible time, even at
the expense of others, I would implore this
Congress to remove the burden from this arti-
cle of consumption, so necessary to the comfort
and well-being of the struggling millions of
this country. Our immense coal interests ab-
solutely need no special protection. It is not
at all probable, indeed it is not possible, that
our mining interests would be overborne by
foreign competition, nor is the revenue derived
therefrom a matter of sufficient importance to
justify the Government in imposing a burden
upon a prime necessity. It is in the interest
of companies engaged extensively in this trade,
and in their interestalone, thatthis burden isim-
posed. Theprice of coal thus enhanced is felt
lo be a burden in more ways than one. The
consumption of coal enters very largely into
all classes of manufactories driven by the power
of steam, and the tax upon it is a tax on power
itself, and the price of all manufactured arti-
cles which go into the hands of our producing
classes is thereby enhanced and bears down as
a constant and irritating burden upon labor
and the industries of the country.
But more especially is this tax detestable
for the reason that it enhances the price of a
prime necessity of life—one that is indispens-
able to the comfort of all classes of community,
it is notaluxury, but an absolute necessity; and
any act of legislation that imposes a tax en-
hancing the price of that which is indispensable
to human life, is unwise and oppressive, and
the more oppressive for the reason that the
added burden cannot be avoided only by a
pinching and forced economy, which must
inevitably result in an abridgment of human
comforts. Cannot a wise and liberal Govern-
ment forego the task of imposing burdens upon
articles of prime necessity, or can it consent
to build up capital at the expense of human
suffering? The removal of the tax on coal
would not only relieve the burdens of the peo-
ple, but by reducing the price it would so
increase the demand as to more than compen-
sate those engaged in the trade for auy loss
sustained by the removal of the duty, and the
consequent reduction of the price; and this
reduction of price would result in a vast in-
crease of the personal comforts of that class
of laborers who are dependent upon their daily
earnings, which at best yield to them and their
families a meager support. And, sir, in pro-
portion as you lift the burdens from this large
class of our population to that extent you
brighten their prospects, encourage and stim-
ulate their endeavors, increase their interest
in Government and all those concerns which
tend to develop an active, enterprising, and
self-sustaining people.
And certainly there is nothing in all the rounds
of legislation so praiseworthy, nothing that so
and ennobles human governments, as
to be regardful of the interests of its laboring
masses, who, after all, by their hardy industry
create a nation's wealth. Governments are
instituted for the people, and for the whole
people, not simply for the strong and those
who have been born with advantages above
the many, but for the weak more especially,
who constantly need the fostering care of wise
and good Governments. Unfortunately Gov-
ernments have in all ages been too often ad-
ministered in the interests of the dominant
classes and in the interests of moneyed aris-
tocracies, while the toiling millions have been
forgotten and their daily labor but illy requited.
As wealth increases the tendency is to con-
centration in the hands of the few, and these
favored few find time to watch legislation, and
in a great measure mold and control it in ac-
cordance with their own selfish purposes, while
the millions who toil have neither the time nor
means to influence legislation in their own inter-
ests. While they toil at home let their legis-
lators and rulers see to it that they shall not bo
needlessly burdened; that no onerous tax shall
be imposed upon their labor.'
In England and upon the Continent labor is
oppressed, and this in a great measure is charge-
able to the existence of a vicious system of
government, which, with various modifications,
has come down to them from former genera-
tions. Privileged classes have principally held
the reins of authority in their own hands, and
domineered over the humbler classes who
have been doomed to toil for subsistence, and
regarded them, by reason of their lowly condi-
tion, as being entitled, in the providence of God,
to nothing more than the bare necessities of life.
Princes and nobles and the privileged orders
must, however, live commensurate with their
rank and high position, and consume upon
themselves the nation's wealth. For them, in
their estimation more especially governments
were ordained of God, while the toiling masses
were to live by their permission and be con-
tent with such blessings and privileges as should
be awarded to them by the clemency of those
who towered above them.
In this country, however, a man is a man,
whether he toils for a subsistence, or luxuriates
in the possession of handsome incomes, or is
shielded from vulgar pursuits by reason of the
superior advantages under which he happens
to have been born. In this country we expect
development and progress among all classes
of our people; and certainly the theory is, and
all our people have been taught so to believe,
that the Government proposes to place no
obstacles in the way of the future advance-
ment and elevation of those who toil, in the
scale of social life. And, sir, as long as I am
permitted in any way to have a share in public
affairs my voice shall be lifted up in favor of
the toiling, struggling masses, and I shall ever
be ready to give the full weight of my influence,
small though it may be, to shield and protect
them from the rapacity of rich capitalists and
overmastering and greedy monopolies.
The wonderful and unexampled growth and
prosperity of our country, which have made
it the most honored and renowned among the
nations of the earth, and placed it above all
others which have ever had a name in history,
are due to the freedom and protection which its
oitizens, of whatever condition, have enjoyed,
the perfect security to person and property,
and_ especially the scrupulousness with which
the interests of the laboring classes have been
guarded.
The advantages which good government has
afforded have made them the most patriotic
people upon the face of the earth, and this
country did not rely upon theni in vain in the
time of its extreme trial, and for the reason
that they themselves had a most lively interest
in that which they were called upon to protect.
If this country shall continue to grow great, if
its astonishing development is to go on, if we
are still to be considered the wonder and admi-
ration of surrounding nations, if we are still to
invite to our shores the industrious, frugal, self-
reliant, virtuous, and liberty-loving of other
climes by our inducement to furnish the freest
and happiest homes, where labor is not op-
pressed, where families not only find a com-
fortable support, but a surplus by which they
may educate and secure a higher development,
our legislation must cease to be in the inter-
ests of grasping and selfish monopolies, which
have ever, in all countries, shown but little
interest in the millions that toil. Let labor
have a fair chance, remove from it all needless
burdens, and you stimulate the laborer, you
urge him forth to new enterprises, and inspir-
ing him with new hopes, he becomes a power
in the land, adding to the national wealth, the
national intelligence, and the national defense.
Some of the fairest climes of earth to-day are
by the reason of excessive taxation, by reason
of the heavy burdens imposed by unwise legis-
lation, yielding but a meager support; and the
multitudes who dwell in those fertile regions
are poorly fed, poorly clothed, scarcely edu-
cated, and absolutely are not dreaming of any
substantial progress; and all this by reason
of the fact that they are not sufficiently stimu-
lated by the rewards of honest industry.
A tax on labor is the most suicidal course
that any Government can pursue. Any policy
that shall contribute to compel the laborer to
toil for a bare subsistence, any measure of
legislation which makes it hard, year by year,
to meet pressing demands for necessary sub-
sistence, shutting out the fond hope of better
things in the future, paralyzes the arm of the
laborer, breaks his spirits, cools his ardor in
the pursuits of business, degrades him in his own
estimation, impairs his intelligence, quenches
the fires of his patriotism, and makes both him
and his offspringinthecourseoftimeabsolutely
valueless to the State. Now, sir, I contend
that a high protective tariff must of necessity
tend to produce this unhealthy influence upon
labor; while a few are benefited thereby the
many are burdened and oppressed. Interests
that cannot sustain themselves without bur-
dening other more extensive interests should
not be fostered and supported by the strong
arm of legislation. The excessive tax on iron,
while it fills the coffers of rich capitalists, ab-
solutely takes money out of the pockets of the
millions who are engaged in those pursuits
which involve the consumption of iron. Am
I told that this high protection, amounting in
the matter of pig iron to §9 per ton according
to the existing tariff, and $7 per ton in the pro-
posed bill, is necessary for the protection of
home labor against pauper labor abroad, I
answer that we compete successfully with this
pauper labor abroad in the articles manufac-
tured in this country and thrown upon the
foreign markets.
The honorable member from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] has made the declaration that
protection invariably cheapens commodities.
Does he mean to say that iron in its varied
forms is cheaper to us by reason of the heavy
duties imposed? Does he mean to say that
the manufacturer in his own State throws his
products into the markets at a lower price in
consequence thereof? Does he mean to say
that by reason of this heavy duty on iron the
farmers of the West pay less for wagons,
plows, shovels, nails, and horseshoes than if
this excessive duty were removed ? Sir, it seems
to me absolutely preposterous. I cannot be-
lieve that the capitalists of his own State would
be so earnest in their endeavors to have this
heavy duty retained if such were the results.
That this duty is considered by them as pro-
