1870.
HHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3131
f „]jine from tliem information upon the
various items as they arise relating to subjects
ou which tbey have spent months of labor.
As the bill is now proceeding, we can inquire
as each paragraph is reached what will be its
effect as compared with the existing law,
whether it makes a reduction of the duty or
a change of classification ; and upon the in-
formation we may oppose or advocate or
amend the provision according to our own
judgment. These facilities for acting intelli-
gently on the various questions as they arise
would be denied us if the matter were taken
out of the hands of the Committee of Ways
and Means. More than that, the adoption of
this motion would be a reflection upon the
capacity of the House; from it the country
would understand that we had abandoned in
utter despair the effort to revise the tariff, con-
fessing our inability to understand the propo-
sitions involved.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JUDD. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio to yield to me for a few moments.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I would like
to say a few words.
Mr. SCHENCK. If I yield to one I must
yield to all; therefore I feel compelled to insist
on the demand for the previous question.
Sir. JUDD. I think it is unfair for the geu-
tleman from Ohio to impugn my motives and
then refuse me the floor for the purpose of a
reply. I ask that the House will not sustain
the demand for the previous question till 1 can
be heard.
On seconding the demand for the previons
question there were—ayes 96, noes 24.
Mr. JUDD. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; which was
upon the motion of Mr. Judd that all special
orders in Committee of the Whole be post-
poned in order to take up the general Calendar.
The motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. SchencKj] that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the special
order.
Several Members. Let us adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope we may sit for
about an hour.
Mr. RANDALL. With the permission of
the gentleman frota Ohio, 1 will move that the
House adjourn. The gentleman has had his
victory; he ought now to let us have a little
rest.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House adjourn.
leave of absence.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave of absence for one week.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence for one week.
Mr. WELKER, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence for one week, com-
mencing next Monday.
withdrawal of papers.
_Mr. WINANS, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
Committee on Intalid Pensions the papers of
George W. Henry, Phoebe J. Tracy, and Mary
Fisher.
coinage.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting to
the House the draft of a bill revising the laws
relative to mints, assay offices, and coinage of
the United States ; which, with accompanying
papers, was referred to the Committee on Coin-
age, Weights, and Measures.
adjournment.
Mr. SCHENCK. In compliance with what
seems to be the general wish of members, I
will withdraw my motion to go into the Com-
mittee ofthe Whole that the motion for adjourn-
ment may be adopted.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Faknswortii, that the House adjourn, it !
was agreed to. j
So the House (at four o'clock p. m.) ad- ■
journed.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of William
Billingslea and 43 others, citizens of Mary-
land, praying a reduction of the tariff on tea,
sugar, and coffee.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Robert
Patterson, a soldier of the war of 1812, praying
Congress to grant him a pension.
By Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana: The peti-
tion and documents of J. H. Estes, for addi-
tional allowance for carrying mails in the State
of Louisiana.
By Mr. W1LLARD: The petition of Francis
M. Strong and Thomas Ross, of Brandon, Ver-
mont, for relief.
By Mr. WINCHEStER: The petition of
Henry B. Miller, praying for back pensions.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 2, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
Man, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
courts in wisconsin.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits an amendment of the House of Represent-
atives to a Senate bill. This was submitted on
Friday last, being in regard to circuit courts
in the State' of Wisconsin, and the* Senator
from Wisconsin in front of th« Chair [Mr.
Howe] asked that it should be laid over until
his colleague [Mr. Carpenter] appeared.
The Sefnate proceeded to.consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S« No. 684) to change the time of holding
the circuit and district courts for the district
of Wisconsin. The amendment was to strike
out ail of the original bill after the enacting
clause and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
That the oircuit and district courts of the United
States in the district of Wisconsin shall commence
at the city of Milwaukee on thefirstMonday of April
and on the second Monday of October in each year,
and on the fourth Monday of Juno in each year in
the city of Madison.
Skc. 2. And be it further enacted. That special terms
of said conrts may be ordered and held by the judnes.
of said courts respectively at either the city of Mil-
waukee or the city of Madison, as business may re-
quire, and that a venire may issue for a grand or petit
jury to attend any suchspccial term : Provided, That
no special term of the circuit court shall be oalled
without tho concurrence of thq circuit judge.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That all recog-
nizances, indictments, writs, process, and other pro-
ceedings, civil and criminal, now pending in either
of said courts, shall be entered, heard, and tried at
the times for holding said conrts respectively, as
herein provided.
See. 4. And be it further enacted. That this act
shall take effect and be in force from and after the
1st day of June. 1870; and all acts and parts of acts
authorizing the holding of stated or speoi&l terms
of either or said courts be, and are hereby, repealed.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House. It is
satisfactory in every respect.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petitions
of James C. Tradewefi, of Columbia, South
Carolina; of Reuben Harman, of Lexington,
South Carolina; of George W. Bosweli, of !
Green county, Georgia; of W. S. Boyd, of
Lincoln county, Virginia; of J. H. Brightly, 1
of Oglethorpe county, Georgia ; of A. M. Bar-
rett,of Dawson county, Georgia ; of Stephen
Bawin, of Wilcox county, Georgia; of Amos ,
Turner, of Colquitt county, Georgia ; of John
T. Floyd, of Twiggs county, Georgia; of Wil-
liam W. Erwin, of Union county, Georgia; and
of W. B. Gerry, of Bibb county, Georgia, pray-
ing the removal of their political disabilities ;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of Philip 11.
Simmons, John E. Caldwell, and B. F. Haine,
Hall county, Georgia; of S. L. Hilton, of Haral-
son county, Georgia, and of C. C. Hammock, of
Fulton county, Georgia, praying the removal
of their political disabilities ; which were re-
ferred to the sele.ct Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. STOCKTON presented the petition of
Edward Higgins, of Norfolk, Virginia, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. STOCKTON. I also present a remon-
strance of certain citizens of New Jersey against
the passage of the bill (H. R. No. 1492) for
the relief of John Young. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. WILLEY. As the case of Young's
patent has been reported upon and is now on
the Calendar, I think the petition had better
be laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
having reported, the petition will be laid on the
table.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
William Powers, of Lauderdale county, Ala-
bama, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of John
B. Cary, of Richmond, Virginia; of John H.
Ralston, jr., of Rockingham county, Virginia;
of John \V. Lee, of Port Republic, Rocking-
ham county, Virginia; of R. M. Mooney, of
Virginia; of A. H. Fulks, of Cootes's Store,
Virginia; of Montilla Clark, of Palmyra, Flu-
vanna county, Virginia; of B. W. Talley, of
Hanover county, Virginia ; of Richard Miller,
of Shenandoah county, Virginia^ of li. W.
Crittenden, of Richmond, Virginia; of P. P.
Frayser, of Richmond, Virginia, and of Wil-
liam B. Hughes, of Mecklenburg county, Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
F. J. Lundy, of Grayson county, vireinia; of
James C. Kasey, of Bedford county, Virginia ;
of William H. Kelly, of Tazewell county,Vir-
ginia; of Marion Clingenpeel, of Flcyrd county,
Virginia; of Arthur E. Hall, of Nansemond
county, Virginia; ofL. H. Powell, of Frank-
lin county, Virginia; of Lewis Dillion, of
Franklin county ^Virginia; of Z. Montgomery f
of Carroll county, Virginia; of Granville Jones
and William J. Clark, of Tazewell county,
Virginia.; of Alexander Coke, of Princess
Anne Court-House, Virginia; of John W.
Myers, of Highland county, Virginia; of John
Orguin, jr., of Lunenburg county, Virginia;
of John Cleek, of Bath county, Virginia; of
Inman H. Payne, of Fauquier county, Vir-
ginia; and of David G. Cleek and George
W. Cleek, of Bath county, Virginia, praying
the removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Peter
P. Pitchlynn, delegate of the Choctaw nation
of Indians, praying the enactment of a law
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue and deliver to that nation of Indians the
bonds of the United States provided for in the
act of March 2, 1861, making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations, &c.; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. FENTON. 1 present a memorial of
