1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1243
for instance, the papers in this city, such as
the Chronicle, and the gentleman will see the
necessity of preserving them to be bound up
in volumes.
Mr. POTTER. My suggestion does not
refer to such daily papers at all, but to the
monthly and quarterly publications which come
to us sewed up in covers, and which will not
be injured by our reading them before they
are bound uf> in volumes in a permanent form.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the end of
the last clause, after the word "dollars:"
Provided, That all the appropriations herein made
for the support and increase of the Library of Con-
gressaremade on the condition that the Library shall
be kept open from seven o'clock p.m. to ten o'clock
p. m. upon every secular day, in addition to the hours
it is now required to be kept open.
Mr. Chairman, I do not suppose that I need
make any argument in support of this amend-
ment. The greatest library in the United
States is this Library of Congress ; but access
to it is denied to a large number of people in
this city because during the hours in which
that Library is now open their engagements in
the public service elsewhere in this city occupy
their whole attention. The great mass of the
Government employ6s here would, if they had
the opportunity, make use of this magnificent
Library; and in order that they may have that
opportunity I have moved the amendment for
the purpose of keeping it open in the evenings.
I trust no one will object to it.
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose to object
to it; but I should like to ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether he knows there are any
facilities for properly lighting the Library of
Congress in the evening?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes, sir, there
are; or if they be not sufficient it will be but
a small matter to supply them. The adoption
of my amendment will add more than fifty per
cent, to the real value of this Library. Indeed,
it will have the effect to create another library
like the present one during the hours which I
have indicated.
Mr. DAWES. I heartily agree with the
gentleman, and especially if his proposition be
recommended by the Librarian of Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I know that in
a paper which the Librarian of Congress read
during the last year before the Social Science
Association in New York city he very strongly
recommended, in reference to all public libra-
ries in the United States, what I now propose
so far as the Library of Congress is concerned.
I sent in to him to know what hours would
best suit him, and he returned the answer,
"From seven to ten."
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the following:
Provided further, That all such periodicals shall
be so kept as to be accessible to Representatives and
Senators when practicable.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That ought not
to go on this amendment.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I know it should have
been introduced before the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio. I will withdraw it for
the present.
Mr. HOAR. Does the amendment of the
gejitleman from Ohio include the law library ?
_ Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not specify
in the amendment, and I think it better to let
it go as it is.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.CLEVELAND. I nowrenew my amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman appre-
hend that those periodicals are not accessible
now?
Mr. CLEVELAND. I judge so from the
remarks of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Potter.]
Mr. DAWES. The idea of the gentleman
from New York is th;it they should first be
iBed in a reading-room and then put in the
Library. I do not suppose that any one has
found that he has not received all reasonable
facilities of access to these periodicals. The
present Librarian, I consider, does all in this
respect that can be asked of him.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I would ask whether
the reviews &c., when they are placed in the
Library and before they are bound, are access-
ible to members?
Mr. DAWES. They are accessible, but not
in so convenient a form as has been suggested
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Pot-
ter. ] I believe a conference on the part of
the Committee on the Library with the Libra-
rian would result in their being left in the
Library; but they are accessible from the
moment they are received. They can be pro-
cured from the Librarian, but not so conven-
iently as after they are bound, and not so con-
veniently as they would be if the ideas of the
gentleman from New York were carried out.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I will withdraw the
amendment if I understand the gentleman
aright, that these reviews are accessible from
the time they are received.
Mr. DAWES. I have no doubt of it.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Then I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I renew it. I rise in
support of the same principle as I advocated
when I spoke before. The same idea is con-
tained in this amendment which was contained
in the amendment of the gentleman from New
York. And I rise to insist that everything that
goes into that Library should be free as air;
that whether a book bears against or for any-
body it belongs to the Library. I protest in
the name of historical investigation, I protest
in the name of scientific truth, against the idea
of subjecting to political partisanship what
goes into the Library of the country.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That would rule
Junius out.
Mr. DAWES. I never heard anybody in the
wide world who disagreed with the view just
expressed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Haldeman.]
Mr. HALDEMAN. Except the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who, to vin-
dicate the appropriation of $450,000 for paper,
brought in the necessity of printing blanks for
the census.
Mr. DAWES- I do not see the point. It is
not proposed to put these blanks in the Library.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I was saying, in reply
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, that he
had adroitly undertaken to carry through an
appropriation of $450,000 for paper, because
he said the census blanks were in it.
Mr. DAWES. Oh! yes.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I hope the gentleman
understands it now. I think I have said enough.
[Laughter. ]
The amendment was withdrawn.
The Clerk read as follows:
For Botanical Garden, grading, draining, procur-
ing manure, tools, fuel, and repairs, and purchasing
trees and shrubs, under the direction of the Library
Committee of Congress, $5,000.
Mr. AXTELL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the word " five." I offer this amend-
ment to enable me to call the attention of the
House to the peculiar condition of this Botan-
ical Garden. Wholly disconnected as this is
with the Library of Congress, it has been placed
under the charge of the Library Committee. It
will be observed that by this appropriation of
$5,000, and the subsequent appropriation in
the following paragraph of $11,296 for the pay
of the superintendent and assistants, some
sixteen or seventeen thousand dollars are given
for the support of a garden known as the Botan-
ical Garden; which, in fact, as all members
of the House and of Congress know, is a place
kept up for the purpose of furnishing bouquets
and flowering shrubs to these Representatives
and Senators who are so fortunate as to have
their families in Washington. And it would
be interesting to know what portion of the
expense of $10,500 for packing-boxes goes to
furnish the boxes for the purpose of sending
these flowering plants and shrubs home to
their families and elsewhere.
Gentlemen are also aware that in addition
to this expense there has been an outlay for
the purpose of building something as a small
imitation of this Capitol building, or of the
Capitol grounds, with a house in the center
and two wings answering to the House and
Senate Chambers, with a great dome sur-
mounting the whole; that a superintendent,
whose services were obtained from Europe,
was kept traveling in Europe during the recess
of Congress, and having, I suppose, his ex-
penses paid out of the contingent fund, which
we were unable to reduce yesterday ; and that
this flower garden, this place for furnishing
bouquets obtained on the order of the Commit-
tee on the Library of Congress, i3 kept up
solely and exclusively for the comfort and con-
venience of the members of Congress.
I desire that the country shall understand
these things. While one sixth of the con-
tingent fund of this House, as the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] informed us
yesterday, goes for toilet articles—and I desire
to say that I do not believe they are used by
members of Congress at all, but toilet articles
for the use of persons about this Capitol—here
is an expense of $50,000 a year for a build-
ing of this sort, and to keep a man traveling
abroad for the purpose of furnishing bouquets
for the wives of members of Congress.
I desire to make this suggestion to the
House: that we make no appropriation at all
for this garden now, and that eitherit be donated
to the city of Washington, and a sufficient sum
of money given with it so that they may take
it off our hands before it becomes so extensive
as to require a bureau or Department of the
Government to take care of it, or that it be
attached to the Agricultural Department, where
it more properly belongs than to the Library
Committee of Congress. This money is to be
expended under the direction of the Committee
on the Library. During a portion of the time,
and I believe at this time, many of that com-
mittee are not present in Congress; their duties
are of a different character ; and this large sum
of money is appropriated without any respons-
ibility or control. Now, with the pressure that
there is upon the people to raise taxes for the
necessary expenses of the Government, this is
a good time to lop off this growing evil; it is a
good time for us to economize, to lay aside
our luxuries, if this is a luxury, and to provide
ourselves with nosegays and bouquets, not at
the expense of the Government, but out of
our own private pockets.
Having called the attention of the House to
this item, and stated that I believe we can now
suppress this evil, but that if we keep it for a
few years longer it will grow so great that we
cannot get rid of it, I will withdraw the amend-
ment for the purpose of hearing from others
who are more conversant with this subject than
I am.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move to strike out
"$5,000," and to insert "$2,000" in lieu
thereof. I offer that amendment because I
have no hope that we can do away with this
Botanical Garden at the present time, utterly
useless as it is to the country, as the gentleman
from California has said. But in the hope that
we may be able to reduce the expenses of the
committee having charge of this institution, I
shall also move at the proper time to strike
out "$11,296," in the next paragraph, and
insert "$5,000" in its place, believing, as I
do, that $7,000 is enough in all conscience to
furnish these two committees of the Senate and
House with bouquets for their families.
Mr. AXTELL. Allow me to correct the
remark which I made just now. I find that I was
in error in saying that it was only married men
that could obtain bouquets. I understand the
