1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
41st Cong....2d Sbss.
The Tariff—Mr. Moore.
Ho. of Reps.
tective is evident, I think, from the fact that
they everywhere complain that without it their
interest must languish, if not absolutely fail.
Why sir, with this high protective tariff on
iron it cannot be denied that the price of iron
to the consumer in this country is higher than
in any other civilized commercial and manu-
facturing nation upon earth.
Again, sir, in what some of tho newspapers
call his great speech he says that " protective
America, France, and Germany are driving
free-trade England out of the markets of the
world, and this, too, with articles made of ma-
terials purchased from her, upon every pound
of which we pay protective duties." Now, cer-
tainly, if this is true, and I shall not dispute
the fact, I would like to ask the gentleman if
his reason and common sense do not teach
him that we could more successfully and com-
pletely drive free-trade England from the mar-
kets of the world if we should obtain the raw
material from her without this protective duty?
I cannot see any way by which the protective
duty thus paid enables the manufacturer to
compete in the foreign markets only upon the
ground that on account of the rich returns
which he realizes at home by reason of the
tax which comes out of the millions of con-
sumers of high-priced iron in this country, he
can endure smaller profits upon that which he
sends abroad.
But, sir, the real facts are these, and they
reflect great credit upon the genius and enter-
prise of our countrymen. Our superiority in
the matter of labor-saving machines, and the
superior skill, enterprise, and inventive genius
in this direction which has for some years past
so particularly distinguished our skilled labor-
ers abroad, is the chief reason why we have
successfully competed in the foreign markets,
and it is this phase of the case to which the
attention of the British Parlianment has been
called. Again, sir, this same champion of a high
protective tariff endeavors to show the bless-
edness of this system by exhibiting tho superior
condition of the laboring classes of this coun-
try over that of similar classes in England and
Europe. He seems to forget that among us this
class are greatly indebted to a superior form of
government, and the enlarged privileges they
enjoy by reason thereof. He forgets that here
capital and vast monopolies have not yet suc-
ceeded in getting the laboring masses by tho
throat; that with the facility with which they can
by economy and industry become freeholders,
and derive subsistence in a variety of ways, they
are not capable of the sauie sort of oppression.
I deny that their superiority over pauper labor-
ers of Europe is due to the benevolent system
which the gentleman advocates.
And, sir, if his argument were good for any
thing, we ought to see the beneficent results
npon the laborers of protective Germany. But
in the tables which he presented in his late
speech he shows that the laboring masses of
Germany are no better paid than in free-trade
England. Indeed, sir, so much ground has he
endeavored to cover in these discussions that he
has failed to keep his eye upon all parts of his
argument, and is often inconsistent with him-
self. I have understood him elsewhere to as-
sume the position that while a high protective
tariff did enable the manufacturers to sell at a
higher price, and thus defy competition abroad,
the consumers of their products were in the
mean time more than compensated by being
thereby furnished with a home market at more
remunerative prices for the products of farm
labor, and thus that the benefit was mutual.
But now it is averred that protection reduces the
price of the protected articles. Could I under-
stand this to be true certainly I should at once
favor protection and feel that the more protec-
tion the better. The trouble is, however, that
[ do not believe it, nor is there another man in
this country, perhaps, that does, unless like the
gentleman himself he has protection on the
brain.
Mr. Chairman, the tariff on salt and lumber is
another grievance deeply felt by the people
whom I have thehonor to represent, and not only
by my people, but by the people of the entire
W est. If it is claimed that the duty upon salt is
for purposes of revenue, I reply that it is liable
to the same objections which with such justness
may be urged against the tariff on coal. This,
too, is an article of absolute necessity; and
while thus it is a burden upon all classes of
consumers it yields but an inconsiderable rev-
enue to the Government. I cannot regard this
duty upon salt in any other light than that of
a stupendous outrage upon the consumers.
It does not arise from any necessity whatever,
as the cost of production is such as to enable
the United States to oxport annually more than
500,000 bushels, and the domestic manufac-
turers are able to maintain such an export,
year after year, in defiance of all competition.
And, sir, these gentlemen engaged in the salt
monopoly can, according to undoubted show-
ing, sell to the inhabitants of Canada at $1 50
per barrel, at a living profit; and indeed this
was their own proposition ; while their neigh-
bors, however, on this side the line could not
purchase a single barrel for less than $2 25
per barrel.
Moreover, sir, this same Onondaga company
has actually delivered to fishermen on the coast
of Massachusetts, who are allowed to draw salt
out of bond free of duty alongside the fishing-
smack, their own salt, at 18 to 21 cents per
bushel, and upon it at that price made a profit
over the cost of production. Now, is it to be
wondered at that a tariff of more than 150 per
cent, upon the real value of the article, more
than doubling the price to the consumer, should
have enabled this company to develop its cap-
ital in seven years' time from $160,000 to more
than $4,500,000? Sir, my constituents are all
made tributary to this unjust, this unreason-
able monopoly; and as a compensation for this
burden they have not the pleasure of seeing a
corresponding rate of revenue turned into the
Treasury of the United States; for the Gov-
ernment secures the duty only upon that which
is imported, while the people pay the enhanced
price, not only upon that which enters the mar-
kets from abroad, but also upon that which is
manufactured at home. The principal part of
this tax goes to build up the monopoly which
is allowed to control the trade. Now, sir, it
does seem to me that Congress should not
hesitate for a moment to afford relief in this
direction, and will not, in my opinion, have
fulfilled its obligations to the people without
finding a full and specific remedy.
A word or two now on the article of lumber.
There is a duty of 20 per cent, placed on it in
gold, and not only is this 20 per cent, paid on
all lumber brought into the country, but to
that extent the price of the home product is
correspondingly increased. Now let^ us see
how much of this tax on lumber goes into the
Treasury of the United States. From the re-
port of the Special Commissioner of the Kev-
enue for 1868 an estimate may be made of the
proportion of the importation to the amount
of the home product, and it will bo found to be
as 1 of tho former to 7 of the latter. Tho
duty which the Government derived from the
importation of lumber during the year 1860
was about §1,500,000. According to this cal-
culation, therefore, the tax on the home pro-
duct upon the consumers is something more
than $10,000,000 for the same time. This is
an enormous tax for the consumers of lumber
to pay in order that the Treasury of the United
States may receive $1,500,000.
The number of trades which enter the con-
sumption of lumber wholly or in part is 97,
the annual product of which is $181,982,413.
Besides, there is something more than 350,000
men employed in the simple trade of carpen-
try alone; and the prosperity and thrift of
this class is in a great measure dependent upon
cheap lumber. And now, if these gentlemen
who advocate so strenuously a tariff to sustain
the great iron manufactories of Pennsylvania
are desirous to benefit, as they claim, the
laboring classes, and furnish, remunerative
prices to labor, let them carefully consider
the propriety of lifting the burden from the
shoulders of these laborers in wood by demand-
ing an immediate repeal of the duty on lumber.
But, sir, there are other reasons that move the
people of Illinois and the great West to ask
that the duty on lumber be removed. The
scarcity of our forests makes it an object to
encourage the free importation of lumber;
and the immense demand in that compar-
atively new region of country for fencing and
putting into profitable cultivation our rich
prairie lands, and the excessive demand for
improvements, indispensable to our growth
and development, which drives them to the
markets for fencing boards, scantling, framing
timbers, &c., for building purposes, makes the
high price of lumber an extravagant tax upon
the labor of these extensive agricultural dis-
tricts, a burden too grievous to be quietly
borne. And we think that justiee to these
enterprising settlers demands the alleviation
of these burdens.
Now, sir, this lumber business is so essential
to the welfare of tho whole country, and of
such especial importance to the successful de-
velopment of profitable industries in my section
of this great country and to my people, that I
could not refrain from raising my voice, feeble
though it may be, in behalf of a reduction of
the burdens thus needlessly placed upon them.
But these, sir, are by no means the only objec-
tionable features of the existing tariff, nor of the
bill now under consideration. I cannot look
with approval upon the heavy burdens imposed
upon certain classes of woolen goods and cloth-
ing apparel. The high tax on many of these
cannot be considered in any other light than
as a tax upon labor and oppressive to the con-
sumer, and it ought to be abated. So also
with the tax on the materials which cuter into
the manufacture of boots and shoes and other
trades connected with the consumption of
leather. But so vast is this theme that 1 am
reminded that I can only approach the borders
of it, and in a general way indicate my wishes
and what I conceive to be the wishes aud inter-
ests of my constituents.
And now, sir, while I have expressed my
decided opposition to a high protective tariff;
while I sincerely believe that the protective
system generally is not a sound one, and that
it is not the legitimate business of wise legisla-
tion to interfere too frequently with the trades
and industries of the country; that generally
they will regulate themselves if left alone;
and that capital left free to seek profitable in-
vestments will generally be more productive,
yet I cannot by any means sympathize with
the opinions of those who advocate the myth-
ical doctrine of free trade, and the opening of
our ports without restriction to the commerce
of the world. There may possibly be a period
in the coming future when such a scheme as
free trade, specious and captivating in theory
as it appears to be, may become practicable.
But if so, it will be when mankind shall havo
more unselfish views than they possess in these
ages. As individual interests are liable to be
overborne by individual selfishness and the
greed of gain, so likewise may nations be
found in the same attitude in respect to other
nations, and may become involved by '*sharp
practices'' against which they are compelled
to protect themselves, especially in a new
