2188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
the supernumerary manufactures will be sacri-
liced, from the fact that business oannot bo
found for all. Would it not have been l« w'nr
to allow foreign competition to correct iliis
evil; in-order to do which, however, the tariff
mus be reduced?
Mr. Chairman, the American people will
cheerfully pay all the revenue required for the
legitimate wants of Government. But they
demand that taxation shall be equal, and I
second that demand. The system of revenue
contemplated by this bill is an outrage which
they will not endure. They have suffered long
enough from class legislation, and it is our duty
to comply with their reasonable and just de-
mands by devising a system of revenue which
will bear equally on all classes. To do this we
must ignoro and reject the terms of this bill.
Mr. ALLISON obtained the floor.
Mr. MAYNAKD. Unless the gontleman
desires to proceed to-night, I will move, as it
is late, that the committee rise.
Mr. ALLISON. I yield for that purpose. .
Mr. MAYNARD. Imovethatthe commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Holman
having taken 1ho chair us the Speaker pro
iemporc, Mr. Pomehoy reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of tho Union
had, according to order, had under consider-
ation tho state of tho Union generally, and par-
ticularly the bill (II. R. No. 1068) to amend
existing laws relating to the duty on imports,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. MAYNAKD,
tho House (at ten o'clock and fifty-five minutes
p. m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Landon Car-
ter, of Anderson county, Kentucky, praying
for relief from political disabilities.
Also, the petition of William II. Wilder,
of Dougherty county, Georgia, for the same
object.
By Mr. BIJTLER, of Massachusetts : A re-
monstrance of pilots and merchants of Glou-
cester, Massachusetts, against a change in the
existing pilot laws of the United States.
Also, a remonstrance of ship-owners and
pilots of Salem, Massachusetts, for same pur-
pose.
By Mr. CAKlfl: A petition for protection to
American labor, signed by workmen employed
in mining ores, limestone, and at blast-furnaces,
of Berks county, Pennsylvania, respectfully
stating that they aro now working at reduced
wages and are informed by their employers that
unless additional duties arc placed on iron they
will bo compelled to blow out their furnaces,
and that they will be thrown out of employ-
ment: that the loss of protection on pig-iron,
from tho decline in gold, is now $3 40 per ton;
and they respectfully ask for themselves and
for their fellow-workmen that fifty per cent,
increase of duties be added to the present tariff
on all descriptions of iron, steel, and cotton and
woolen goods that can be manufactured in this
country, and that the duties on tea, coffee,
sugar, and molasses be reduced; that they know
that no manufactured article can be produced
in this country as cheaply as it can be in Europe
unless wages and interest on capital are brought
down to the same points; that they see no good
reason, nor do they believe it to be for the inter-
est or general good of the whole country, that
they should have to labor for the small sums
earned by tho laborer and workmen of Europe,
which are very much too small to provide
healthy food and give any comforts of a home,
and which render it necessary for their children
to be put to work when too young, and depriv-
ing them of education; and that if free trade
or low tariffs are adopted in this country it will
reduce them to the low standard of pauper
labor, poverty, and additional temptation to
break the laws to provide food for themselves
and children. They therefore earnestly appeal
to Congress for protection.
By Mr. CLEVELAND : Resolutions of the
city of Bergen, New Jersey, asking that Jer-
sey City be made a port of entry.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Elisha Crom-
well and 57 others, citizens of New Yorl? city,
against the continuance of the income tax.'
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The petition
of Dr. Edward Jarvis, of Massachusetts,for com-
pensation for services in the seventh census.
Also, the petition of Keziali Arnold, for
arrears of pension.
By Mr.- HEFLIN: A petition from a large
number of citizens of Randolph county, Ala-
bama) praying Congress to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. JULIAN: A petition of 981 citi-
zens of South Carolina, praying Congress to
authorize the President to appoint a land com-
mission, &c.
Also, a petition of 85 citizpns of Troy, Ohio,
praying Congress so to amend tho Constitution,
of the United States as to secure to all the cit-
izens the right of suffrage, without regard to
S6By Mr. KELLOGG; TV petition of D. T.
Hubbell and others, citizens of Bethel, Con-
necticut, for the repeal of duty on pig-lead.
By Mr. KNOTT: The petition of Thomas
A. lrelandj of Owen county, Kentucky, for the
removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. McKENZIE : A petition of 800 cit-
izens of Georgetown, District of Columbia,
and of Alexandria and Fairfax counties, Vir-
ginia, asking that tho Government will purchase
the bridge across tho Potomac and make it a
free bridge.
By Mr. MORGAN: The petition of John
G. Elder, Nathan Bueklew, and 70 others,
citizens of Coshocton county, Ohio, asking
Congress to abolish the national banks, issue
$500,000,000 in greenbacks, redeem there-
with the national bank notes, and pay off
$340,000,000 of the five-twenty bonds.
Also, the petition <5f James Cunningham,
Thomas Ashton, and'70 others, citizens of
Muskingum county, Ohio, to the same effect.
Also, tho petition of J. D. Meredith, Henry
Metham, and numerous others, citizens of
Coshocton county, Ohio, to the same effect.
By Mr. REEVES : The petition of Hubbard
Corwin, Charles Hallett, C. L. Corwin, and 72
others, citizens of Riverhead, Suffolk county,
New York, for the repeal of the duty on pig-
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of Davis,
Tracy & Co. and others, of Hartford. Con-
necticut, praying that pig-lead may be im-
ported free of duty.
By Mr. WARD; A petition of 50 citizens,
of Wellsville, New York, in favor of the pres-
ent tariff on lumber.
By Mr. WOODWARD: The petition of the
heirs of Benjamin Harvey, a soldier of the
revolutionary war, for relief.
IN SENATE.
TnuBSDAY, March 24, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. Mansfield Fbexoh, of
South Carolina.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
DECLINE OF ASIBRICi,JJ COMMERCE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits to the Senate a message from the President
of the United States, which was received yes-
terday afternoon. It will be read.
The Secretary read the message, as follows :
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
In the executive message of December 6, 1869, to
Cuugrcss, ^Uo Importance of taking steps to revive
our drooping merchant marine was urged, and a
special message promised at a future day during the
present session, recommending more specifically
plans to accomplish this result. Now that the com-
mittee o£ the House of Representatives intrusted
with tho labor of ascertaining "the cause of tho
decline of American commerce" has completed its
work and submitted its report to the legislative
branch of the Government, I deem this a fitting time
to execute that promise.
The very able, calm, and exhaustive report of the
committee points out the grave wrongs which have
produced the deolino in our commcrce. It is a
national humiliation that we aro now compelled to
pay. from twenty to thirty million dollars annually
(exciusive'of passage money which we should share
with vessels of other nations) to foreigners for doing
the work which should be done by American vessels
American built, American owned, and American
manned. This is a direct drain upon the resources
of the country of just so much money; eaual to
casting it into tho sqa.-so far as this nation is con-
cerned. ' .....
A nation of the vast and over-increasmg interior
resources of tho United States, extending as it does
from one to the other of the great oceans of the
world, with an industrious, intelligent, energetic
population, must ono day possess its full share of
the commerce of these oceans, no matter what the
cost. Delaywill onlyincrease this cost and enhance
tho difficulty of attaining tho result.
I therefore put in an earnest plea for early aetion
on this matter, in a way to secure the desired in-
crease of American commerce. The advancedperiod
of the year and the faet that no contracts for ship-
building will probably be entered into until this
question is Battled hy Congress, and the further fact
that, if .thore should be much delay, all large vessels
contracted for this year will fail of completion before
winter sets in, and will therefore be carried over for
another year, induces me to request your early con-
sideration of this subject.
I regard it of such grave importance, affecting
overy interest of the country to so great an extent
that any method which willgain the end will secure
a rich national blessing. Building ships and navi-
gating them utilizes vast capital at home; it employs
thousands ofworkmen in their construction and man-
ning; it creates a, home maiket for the products of
tho farm and tho shop; it diminishes the balance of
trade against us precisely to tho extent of freights
and passage money paid to American vessels, and
gives us a supremacy upon the soas of inestimable
value in caso of foreign war.
Our Navy at tho commencement of tho late war
consisted of less than one hundred vessels of about
one hundred and fifty thousand tons and a force of
about eight thousand mon. We drew from the mer-
chant marine, which had cost tho Government no th-
ing, but which had been a source of national wealth,
six hundred vessels exceeding one million tons, and
about seventy thousand men, to aid in tho suppression
of the rettollion.
This statement demonstrates tho value of the mer-
chant marino as a means of national defense in time
of need.
The Committee on the Causes of the Reduction of
American Tonnage, after tracing the causes of its
deolino, submit two bills which, if adopted, they
believe wilt restore to the nationitsmaritimopower.
Their report shows with great minutencssthe actual
and comparative American tonnago at the time of
its greatest prosperity; the actual and comparative
decline since, together with tho causes; and exhibits
all other statistics of material interest in reference
to the subicet. As the report is before Congress, I
will not recapitulate any oi its statistics, but reicr
only to the methods recommended by the committee
to give back to us our lost commerce.
As a general rule, whonit can be adopted, Ibeliove
a direct money subsidy is less liable to abuse than an
indirect aid given to the same enterprise. In this
case, however, my opinion is that subsidies, while
they may be given to specified lines of steamers or
other vessels,shouldjiotboexolusivolyadoptcd; but,
in addition tosubsidizing very desirable lines of oecan
traffic, a general assistance should be given in an
effective way. I tlieroforo commend to your favor-
able consideration tho two bills proposed by the com-
mittee and referred to in this message.
U.S. GRANT.
Executive Mansiok,
Wasuikgtos, D, 0., Maveh 23, 1870.
The message was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
COAST SURVEY KEPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting the annual report of the
operations of the Coast Survey for the year
1869; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the ordinary
number of extra copies be printed for the use
of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT, That motion
will be referred to the Committee on Printing.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. I make the motion in order to expedite
an important matter. I think there will be no
