5020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June5 30,!
pie who now constitute the population of this
country an amount of wealth and resources
and capital which no other nation on the face
of the earth possesses. Therefore, sir, this
country ought to borrow this money at a lower
rate of interest than any other people. And
so_ far from being impossible or improbable,
this rate, in my judgment, will be obtained, if
not immediately, within two years from the
passage of this act. Four per cent, interest,
without taxation of any kind, Federal or State,
is equivalent to six per cent, interest which is
taxed, and six per cent, interest is (he legal
rate of interest of this country, and it is a high
enough rate for the individual or for the conn-
try to pay: Therefore, it must not be regarded
as a mere rate of interest at four per cent, for
our own people, but it must bo looked upon
as a rate of six per cent., interest, as in this
bill it is exempt from all taxes.
My colleague says that he objects to paying
$40,000,000 interest abroad. My reply is that
we pay that now, and more too. The greater
part of onr bonded debt is now abroad, ami is
likely to be. We .make no change in that
respect by this bill. We simply obtain from
foreigners, at (our per cent, interest, that, for
which we are now paying six, seven, and eight
per cent, interest.
The fourth objection of my honorable col-
league [Mr. Wood] is to a foreign loan. He
hesitates about going abroad in any way what-
soever to raise money on loan. Now, 1 chal-
lenge him to investigate this bill thoroughly,
find show me how, when, and where, excppt
in the proposition made by my colleague
from the western part of New York [Mr.
Davis] and the proposition of the honornble
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Blur,] iliere
is any idea, contemplation, or lookout m any
manner whatsoever lora foreign loan. The for-
eigner is not mentioned in ihus bill, as the Ben-
ate desire, and as it is said the Secretary of the
Treasury desires. No foreign agents are em-
ployed or asked to be employed. No francs,
or thalers, or sterling money are recognized
by this bill in any manner whatnoever. This is
an American proposition, an American loan,
and only an American loan. If a foreigner
chooses to take it with our own people, it will
be for our benelit.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. WOOD. 1 desire to say a, few words
in reply to what has just been said by my col-
league, [Mr. Brooks.] It is very true that
there is nothing in the letter and text of ihe
bill itself proposing that, the Government of
the United States shall make an application
abroad for a foreign loan. But i.he established
rates of interest, in t his count ry, fixed not only
by the States of tliis Union and by the custom
of the country, but fixed within the past fort-
night by the Congress of the United States,
will compel the Government of the United
States to go abroad with this loan, if it can
get it taken at all. Why, sir, within the last
fortnight, flie two Houses of Congress have
passed, and the President of the United State?
has approved and signed, a bill permitting Ihe
people of this District to pay as high as ten
per cent, per mmum for interest on loans,
not oniy upon bonds and mortgages upon real
estate, but upon loans of every other character.
The people of the western States are solicit-
ing loans of money at rates of interest as high
as twelve per cent., per annum. And Ihe city
of New Yoik is today loaning its credit at
seven per cent, per annum, ils dock bonds,
issued for the purpose of improving its com-
mercial facilities, having been taken by the
Rothschilds at that rate of interest.
Now, if there is any one thing well estab-
lished in tins country it is that money is worth
at. least from six to ten per cent, per annum.
Therefore when our Committee of Ways and
Means report a bill proposing to place a thou-
sand millions of bonds at only four per cent, in-
terest per annum it certainly of necessity con
templates a foreign loan.
But there is another grave objection to this
bill. It assumes that at least the foreign por-
tion of the national debt of this country is to
be regarded as a fixed and permanent institu-
tion. It proposes to issue a thousand millions of
bonds, no dollar of which shall be redeemable
in less time than thirty years. Although we
may have a surplus from our revenues of
$10,000,000,000, we are not to be allowed to
redeem one single dollar of those bonds until
they shall have run at least thirty years. The
theory of this bill is that this country is to be
always in debt, and that the people of this
country are always to be subject to taxation to
liquidate the inteiest on that debt.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. K15LLEY. I think the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] is a little in error in
saying that this bill assumes the fact that, our
country is always to bo in debt. It provides for
the funding of but a portion of our indebted-
ness. Unlortimately we owe considerably more
than 8*1,000,000,000, the sum it provides for.
The balance is left to be provided for in the
interim.
But I rise more particularly to speak against
the amendment of the gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Blair] as amended by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Davis.] This country
has never yet, in its extrenicst exigencies,
issued a loan payable abroad or in the currency
of another nation, and I hope it never will.
We have succeeded heretofore in borrowing,
upon the understanding that payment was to
be made at, our own Treasury and in our own
coin; and I should regret exceedingly if our
Government, should be authorized to announce
to the world that oiu credit is so impaired as
to require us*l,0 adopt such a measure, or our
national sense of self respect so debased that,
for the sake of gut,ling cheap money, we are
ready to issue our bonds, the principal and
interest of which shall be payable in the coinage
of oilier nations.
Such a policy may do very well for embar-
rassed railroad companies or adventurous cor-
porations of any kind; hut it, would be unbe-
coming in the foremost nation of the world—I
mean foremost in its resources and the pro-
gress of its development, and wealth. The adop-
tion of such a policy would, I am quite sure,
lead to the establishment of agencies in ail t.lie
money centers of iiurope, and to systematic
corruption and trading m gold and exchange
that would produce '"black Fridays," as (he
—Tth of last, September is called, at intervals
throughout the whole thirty years the bonds
are to run. [t would giveto the chosen agents
of the Government a control of the commer-
cial arrangements of our people, a potential
influence upon the management of the exchange
and gold markets, thai would create a monopoly
almost, as grand as lingland has ever given in
any of her colonial or trading dependencies.
By making the interest and principal of ihe
bonds payable at Ihe Treasury of the United
States we guard against the complicity of the
Government in such ail arrangement, and
there is no danger of combination among the
individual eteduors of the country.
I have no fear I hot the able and excellent
gentleman who now administers our finances
would give li is countenance or confidence to men
likely to engage in such transactions, or who
might, be found engaged in such operations.
But lie is not likely to remain in office for the
next thirty years. We do not know who may
succeed him ; and with agencies paying our
interest in other lands and in the coinage of
other lands, the commerce of the eountiy will
be at the mercy of the agents of the Govern-
ment to an extent that we cannot well imagine.
I say, therefore, that it is due alike to the dignity
of the country and the safety of its people and
commerce that we provide for a loan payable
in the com of the United Stales and at the
counter of our national Treasury.
[Here Ihe hammer fell.]
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker, to me the strik-
ing feature of this section is its thoroughly
American character. By no word or syllable,
by no possible implication does it indicate that
our country seeks a foreign loan. The argu-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [fir.
Wood,] that because the rates of interest in
this country are very high, therefore the loan
will not be taken at home, is a practical argu-
ment having reference to the execution of the'
bill, and is not based upon the provisions of
this section. The denominations of these
bonds are in the bill stated in our own cur-
rency ; the principal and interest are payable
in United States money at our national Treas-
ury. A foreigner who may seek to purchase
this kind of property will deal with it precisely
as will any American citizen.
The objection to the' amendment, of the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Blair] is that it -
mars the distinctively American character of
this security. So far as these bonds may on
their face recognize tile currency of any other
nation, to that extent the principle of Ameri-
canism as contemplated by the bill is departed
from. But the amendment does not go far
enough to reach the point the gentleman has
in view. His object is, 1 presume, to facilitate
the negotiability of these securities; and if so,
why does be not include the unit of the cur-
rency of Germany, in which country more than
in any other our bonds are held as investments?
Our five per cent, bonds have been so held in
Germany to a large extent.
I know something as to the manner in which
those investments have been taken; and I
assure the gentleman fiom Michigan that he
is mistaken in supposing it necessary that the
individual purchaser shall know the precise
value of his coupon as expressed in the cur-
rency of his own country. In some excep-
tional cases the individual investor may know
the value of his coupon ; but in general the
banker who conducts the transaction between
the seller and the buyer is the one who determ-
ines the character and the value of the security.
He understands the value of the American
dollar, whether represented by the Prussian
thaler, the Austrian florin, the French franc,
or the English pound sterling. The individual
investor depends entirely upon his broker for
information as to the value and character of the
security. If my friend from Michigan seeks to
facilitate the negotiation of this loan by chang-
ing the phrases m the coupon, he must go
further than he has gone, alid include the cur-
rency denominations of all the countries where
these bonds are likely to be taken.-
[Here the hammer fell.]
( Mr. SCilliNCK. 1 wish to inquire of the
Chair how ihe question now stands?
'The HPBAlilDli. The question first recurs
on the amendment of thegentlemau from New
i ork [Mr. Davis] to the amendment of the
gentleman from. Michigan, [Mr. Blair,.]
Mr. DAVIS, f withdraw my amendment.
Mr. VAN T1UJM P. Will my colleague,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, permit me to a^k him a. bona jlde ques-
tion as t.o the intention of the framer ol this
first section of this laiv, or what, might be a
possible legal construction of a clause of that
section, looking to the question of exemption
from taxation as a leading purview of the law.
I he point is this: the bill provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to issue
$1,000,000,000 in new bonds, and that said
capital so invested in such bonds shall be
exempt from taxation, as well as the interest
thereon. Now, did the chairmau of the com-
mittee in the framing of this section intend,
or is such the legal construction of the words
used, to limit the exemption lrom taxation of
the accruing interest only, while it maintains
the character of interest in specie, or was it
lutended that such interest should or might
be followed into other investments, so long
as it could be identified as such investment of
interest ?
Mr. SCIIkJTCK. I apprehend when a man
