4076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Delaware that when that conference
report was before the Senate I inquired of the
chairman of the committee particularly in refer-
ence to that subject, and he advised me that
there was no such provision in the bill, and that
it was wholly unnecessary, because the persons
employed to take the census in the new States
received a larger compensation under existing
laws than those who took the census in the
more thickly populated States, in which he was
entirely mistaken. I will say to the Senatorthat
I have seen the Superintendent of the Census
this morning on the subject, and he does not
understand the law in that way at all, and is
very much concerned about this matter. He is
overwhelmed with applications, and feels him-
self unable to act without further legislation.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I would ask my hon-
orable friend from Oregon to amend his reso-
lution so that it shall be confined to the sparsely
settled portions of the country. I am perfectly
convinced that the census of the United States
can be well taken, and that the positions of
enumerators, or assistant marshals, will be
eagerly accepted in the more densely settled
parts of the country under the law of 1850 as
it stands. There has been no difficulty in that
respect, and if there has been any difficulty at
all it has been in the competition of men to
obtain the places. In the more thinly settled
portions of the country a different rule was
found necessary in. 1850, and I believe the
cause for that rule exists to day. I suggest,
therefore, that there should be a modification
of the resolution, and that the more thinly set-
tled portions of the country in which this extra
compensation, not to exceed fifty per cent., may
be allowed, should be designated. 1 know that
was in a bill which I drew myself, and which I
thought had been approved by the committee
of conference; but it seems I was mistaken.
Mr. STEWART. There is nothing of the
kind in the law.
Mr. BAYARD. There was in the bill as
reported by the Senate committee and passed,
by the Senate, although it may not have been
concurred in subsequently by the House of
Representatives, and therefore may have been
omitted by the conference committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state to the Sen-
ator that the provision contained in this joint
resolution passed the House of Representatives
as a part of the census bill; and it having
already received the approbation of the House,
I supposed it would be passed with less diffi-
culty there if we should now send it to ihem as
a separate resolution. It is almost impossible
to describe the particular localities to which
this should apply. No doubt in the eastern
and middle States the present compensation to
census-takers is entirely adequate, and there
of course the Secretary of the Interior will
allow no other compensation than is now pro-
vided by law; but. in the western States, and
especially in the Pacific States and in the Ter-
ritories, there is a necessity that he should have
the power under certain circumstances to add
to the present compensation, and there is no
way of describing by geographical limits the
precise lines to which this resolution should
apply- I hope, therefore, theSenatorwiliallow
it to pass as it is. it will be impossible to meet
his views, as he suggests them, by an amend-
ment to the resolution.
Mr. SlBWAttf. J rise simply to suggest
that it is impossible to compensate men prop-
erly for taking the census in a soarsely settled
country where there are people scattered over
it in different places, under the rule as to mile-
age prescribed by the present law. What mis-
led the committee, in examining the subject,
was the example of New Mexico. There there
was a iaige area for mileage, and the people
living near together in a few places, the rule
established allowed pretty good compensation ;
but when you come to .Nevada or Oregon or
Washington 'Territory, or any of i hose sparsely
settled States or Territories, in which there are
settlements at very many points scattered about,
there is no leeway for mileage, -and conse-
quently it is impossible to procure proper men.
The Secretary must have discretionary power.
It will be impossible to make a general enact-
ment to meet all the cases. There must be
some discretion in the Secretary.
Mr. CORBBTT. I will state that by the
previous law, in 1850J there was allowed in Cali-
fornia and Oregon one hundred per cent, ad-
vance over and above the pay allowed in the
densely populated States. This resolution pro-
vides for only fifty per cent, additional, and
in my opinion it will be difficult to procure the
taking of the census withthisallowanee of only
fifty per cent, additional.
Mr. BAYARD. By reference to the law of
1850, passed on the 30th of August, a law sup-
plementary to the census act of that year, it
will be seen that it was provided in the first
section— ' „
"That the Secretary of the Interior bo, and he is
hereby, authorized to increase the compensation
allowed the marshals or agents and their assistants
for taking the seventh census in California, Oregon,
Utah, and New Mexico, so as to secure the prompt
and faithful execution of the work."
Section four provided—
" That in any of the districts of the United States
where causes beyond the control of'the marshal shall
have tended to delay the taking of the census, so that
the same could not be taken andreturn thereof made
within the time prescribed by the act of 23d May, the
Secretary of the Interior may, if he sees proper,
extend the time to any day not later than the 1st of
January, 1851."
And it also provided that the officers of the
United States should lend their aid in having
the census taken. It certainly is a very serious
question for us by a resolution of ibis kind,
without a reference to any committee, without
the consideration of any committee, to increase
the fees of all the assistant marshals of the
United States fifty per cent, at once.
This matter was considered by the Senate at
the time the census bill of 1870 was passed ;
fully debated, fully considered. The honor-
able Senatorfrom Massachusetts [Mr. Somneu]
was one of the chief opponents of the law of
1850 upon this very ground of the lack of ade-
quate compensation to the assistant marshals.
The Senate passed upon that. A sense of duty
compels me to object to the passage of this
resolution in its present shape as containing a
vast body of expense incurred without the
usual guards which should attend such legisla-
tion.
1 believe, however, that it was the intent of
the committee of the Senate upon the census
that the compensation for the deputy marshals
in the more sparsely-settled regions of the coun-
try should be increased in the discretion of the
Secretary of the Interior, not to exceed fifty
per cent. If the honorable Senatorfrom Ore-
gon, therefore, will modify his resolution so as
to limit it to California, Nevada, and Oregon,
and the Territoriesof Utah, New Mexico, Wash-
ington, Colorado, and Wyoming, I shall with-
draw any objection to the passage of the reso-
lution.
I had the impression that the law provided
for this extra compensation in those particular
localities. I believe it was the intention of
the Senate committee that it should so provide.
If thztt provision was stricken out, it must have
been on the motion of gentlemen from the
House upon that conference committee. But
I am well aware that this subject of general
compensation was discussed in the Senate and
in committee ; and the proposition for a gen-
eral increase was voted down. The committee
were unanimous upon that point. I think
there should be a limitation.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope the Senator from
Oregon will not accept the suggestion of the
Senator from Delaware. I have received my-
self several letters from gentlemen appointed
enumerators in my State, in the mountains
or sparsely-settled.portions of the State, who
say it is impossible for them to take the census
on account of the small compensation allowed,
which will not pay their expenses. I have
received six or seven letters to that effect, one
yesterday from one of the largest mountain
counties in Alabama, from a most accom-
plished gentleman there and I should regret
to see him lose the place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware move an amendment?
Mr. BAYARD. Prior to that, I will remark '
that the honorable Senator from New York
[Mr. Conkling] is the chairman of the appro-
priate committee to which this resolution, I
think, should be referred. It provides for a
vast increase in the expense of taking the en-
tire census, and practically we all know that
if you leave this matter to the discretion of the
Secretary of the Interior or the Superintend-
ent of the Census to apply it to one case, he
will be necessarily compelled by pressure to
apply it to all.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware that this reso-
lution could be amended by adding to the
proviso, which now reads ''that in no case
shall such increase exceed fifty per cent, of
the amount of compensation now allowed by
law," the words "or apply to the States of
Louisiana, Arkansas, or any State east of the
Mississippi river;" so as to limit the operation
of it to the west of the river.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would insert at the end
of the fourth line these words, which I think
cover the case: "in the Pacific States, and in
the Territories."
Mr. BAYARD. Is that sufficiently definite ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; they are spoken
of in the census law as the Pacific States.
Mr. BAYARD. I would say, "this shall
apply only to States and Territories west of
the Mississippi river."
Mr. SHERMAN. If amended as I propose
the resolution will read :
'l'hat the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized to increase the compensation ot'
assistant, marshals in the Pacific Slates atid m tlio
Territories in taking the census of 1870, whenever in
liis judgment such increase shall bo necessary: Pro-
vided, That in no case shall such increase exceed
fifty per cent, of the amount of compensation now
allowed by law.
Mr. BAYARD. That will suit me.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio is proper.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 would not myself vote
for this resolution as proposed by the Senator
from Oregon ; but 1 think in the largeand almost
boundless Territories and States oti the Pacific
coast, especially in Oregon and Nevada, it
might be difficult to get persons to take the
census under the present law, principally, per-
haps, because of a misapprehension of what
the law really allows them. I wish to preserve
the existing law of 1850, and to make a dis-
crimination in favor of the far off States and
Territories. I am very well satisfied, from the
pressure on me for appointments to the place
of assistant marshal iii the State of Ohio, that,
there will be no difficulty in getting good men
in most of the States. Some of the best men
are engaging in that matter; partly, perhaps, for
their own purposes. I submit the amendment
I have indicated.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio will not be adopted.
Mr. MOHTON. 1 hope the amendmentsub-
inifted by the Senator from Ohio will not be
adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator to allow
it to he reported first, so that we shall under-
stand his remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the joint resolution as it will stand'
if the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
should.be agreed to.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution, if amend-
ed as proposed, will read:
That the Secretary of the Interior he, and he is
hereby, authorized to increaso the compensation of
assistant marshals in the Pacific States and in tbo
rerritories in taking tile census of 1S£0, whenever,
in his judgment, such increase shall be accessary:
