1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
5021
has received interest he may apply it to the
purchase of any property he pleases, and that
property will be subject to the laws of the
country and taxed upon everything else. So
long as it remains in the bond itself, or in the
coupon of that bond, and only there, it will be
exempted under the operation of the provision
in this bill.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. That may be the opin-
ion of the committee; but I have no doubt
that the section is liable to the construction
which I have indicated.
Mr. SCHENCK. Suppose a man has a
quantity of whisky, on which whisky there
is now levied a tax, and he swaps it off for a
horse; you do not continue to tax that horse
as whisky ? [Laughter.]
Mr. VAN TRUMP. No; and there i-s no
ambiguity in that case at all. That is a clear
proposiiion. Butthereisambiguity in reference
to the construction of the language in this bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Nobody intended anything
of the kind. Only the bonds and coupons
were designed to be exempt from taxation;
what is to be done with the interest a man
receives is for the man to determine; if he
puts it in the shape of property, then it will be
taxed. The gentleman has stated a finer point
than I supposed would be drawn on the bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not think it is neces-
sary to continue discussion at any great length
on any one section. The question is now on
the amendment of my friend from Michigan,
[Mr. Blair,] the amendment of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Davis] having been with-
drawn. There is nothing before the House,
therefore, indicating opposition or a desire to
modify this section at all.
I will state this in regard to the amendment
of the gentleman from Michigan. I was at
once inclined to believe it was a good provision,
stating upon the coupons that they were worrh
so many dollars and their equivalent was so
much in sterling and so much in francs, with
a view to placing that information before any
one who might have any of these bonds or
coupons, so that, if a foreigner, he might know
at a glance how much in iiis own money two
or four or ten dollars might be. It could be
of no other use, because it is payable, the in-
terest like the principal, at the Treasury of the
United States, and nowhere else. The only
question is whether it is desirable to inform a
man who holds a little coupon of a $100 bond
how much that is worth to him in the money
of his own country, so as, by giving inform-
ation on that point, to induce him to take the
bond with mora, confidence. That is for the
House to determine. But there seems to be
an indisposition to adopt the amendment of
the gentleman from Michigan.
I hope I may be allowed now to make one
or two remarks on the section itselt, for we are
drawn into the consideration what this bond is.
I wish gentlemen to observe the whole tenor
of this bill is a conversion of six per cent,
bonds into four per cents., and all the ma-
chinery of the bill looks to an exchange of
four per cents, for six per cents., or the sub-
stitution of four per cents, for six per cents.
I ask them to observe the provisions which it
contains to expedite that by stopping interest
on the six per cents., so that a man holding
them holds them without interest, and if he
wishes to invest in Government bonds he has
no other one3 in which to invest than these
four per cent, bonds.
Now, sir, the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] has said that this attempt to have
a f'oar per cent, loan is all wrong, because it
will be a failure; and he points to the high
rate of interest.—eight and ten per cent.—paid
in this country. Now, why do our people pay
eight and ten per cent, on private contracts?
Because the Government continues to go ori
with the policy of itself paying six per cent.
While the Government will pay six per cent,
individuals will always have to pay two or
three per ceut. more.
We propose to enter upon a sound condition
of tilings, where the Government, availing
itself of its higher credit—for a Government
always has a higher credit than an individual
citizen—shall bring the rate of interest it is
willing to pay down to four per cent., and thus
draw the general rate of interest throughout
the whole country to a standard some two or
three per cent, above four per cent. And I
say it is due to the people of this country,
among other reasons for adopting a new rate
of interest on our public securities, that we
should not give so high a rate on our public
securities as to compel a still higher rate to be
paid by the individuals throughout the country
who carry on business therein. I now desire
a vote.
Mr. COBURN. If the gentleman from Ohio
will withdraw the formal amendment, I should
like to renew it for the purpose of saying a lew
words.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will do so, in the hope
that we may then have a vote on the pending
amendment.
Mr. COBURN. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. The whole object contem-
plated by the passage of this bill is to get
cheaper loans and to save some money by way
of interest on our bonds. Such, at least, is
my understanding of it. Then, the question
is where can we get the money the cheapest;
here, where ten per cent, is paid for money,
or in Europe, where it is at a lower rate—three,
four, and five per cent., in large amounts and
on long time?
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
in arguing this question, said that the effect of
the proposition before the Housg would be to
drain us of gold. How will it drain us of gold?
Only by Europeans taking our bonds at four
per cent. And if they are willing to take our
bonds at that rate, 1 say amen, let them take
every dollar of them. If we can get this
$1,000,000,000 loan taken, why should we not
be willing to pay interest to a European as well
as to an American?
Is the payment of a dollar any greater loss to
us if we pay it as interest to a European than
if we pay it to an American ? Why, look at the
other alternative. If we do not borrow the
money of Europeans, from whom will we get it?
From our own citizens, and $1,000,000,000
will be withdrawn fioin business in this coun-
try ; withdrawn from enterprises where it might
be used advantageously, drawn from the legit-
imate channels of business, and locked up in
a loan. I would much rather have the Gov-
ernment of the United States get money from
Europe than that they should have to rely for it
upon our own people, and thus divert their
capital and its use from active use. I think it
will certainly be better to let our people keep
their money, to be employed in developing the
resources of the country, in building railroads
and mills and factories, and cities and towns;
in opening mines and improving farms, and in
adding to and doubling our wealth and power.
If, then, we can get money from Europe at a
low rate, let us take it. It is not our best
policy to make our people a nation of money-
lenders. Let older and lazier nations lend
money; but our young, vigorous, active, bold
people should use their capital and business
in the building up and development of out-
power. It is for us as a nation to work, not
to loan money; to lead all nations in progress,
to absorb their capital, to borrow their money,
and double it by active use. This is every day's
experience.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Bdti.er] argued, as well as the gentleman from
New York, that if the loan was taken in Europe
it would drain us of money. He brought up
the absenteeism of Ireland as a parallel in-
stance. He argued that as the money was
drained away from Ireland to pay foreign land-
lords, so the money will be drained from this
country to pay foreign bondholders. As I
have said, I think we should be glad to get the
money of foreigners if we can get it at a low
rate of interest.^ And with this view we ought
to put the loan in the shape in which we might
expect to have it taken up at the lowest rate.
Now, we-are informed on the best authority,
that if we print these bonds in foreign lan-
guages and make them payable in foreign cur-
rencies they will be more acceptable in foreign
countries. We would also derive great advan-
tage from making them payable at various
points in Europe, without cost, and without
the intervention of bankers, brokers, or shavers,
having agencies maintained at little expense, at
which the bondholders could draw the interest
on their bonds.
The arguments of these gentlemen go upon
the admission that our four per cent, bonds will
be taken if offered in Europe. Should our
national pride come in the spirit of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, and debar us from
receiving aid from a foreign people simply
because they are foreign?
The simple question is, how much can we
save by making a new loan? If we get it at
two tliiids of the present interest it will be a
good thing, even if some Germans, French-
men, and Englishmen let us have the money.
Gentfcmen dread the drain upon us for inter-
est if we borrow of foreigners. How much
more should they dread the drain upon us for
both principal and interest, if our own people
take the loan, and thus take away fo'rever from
our business a thousand million dollars and
bury it in a loan?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question recurred on the amendment
moved by Mr. Blair, to insert in the first sec-
tion, before the last sentence, the following :
And the .amount of interest specified in each cou-
pon shall bo expressed mdollars,and the equivalent
thereof in English sterling currency and in l'ranes.
The question was taken on the amendment,
and upon a division—ayes twenty-nine, noes
not counted—it was not agreed to.
Mr. MAYHAM. I move to amend this first
section by striking out from line twelve to line
eighteen, inclusive, as printed.
The portion moved to be stricken out was
as follows:
Which said bonds and the interest thereon shall
be exempt from the payment of all taxes or duties
of the United States, as well as from taxation in any
form by or under State, municipal, or local author-
ity ; and tho said bonds shall have set forth and ex-
pressed upon their face the above specified condi-
tions, and shall, with their coupons, be made payable
at the Treasury of tho United States.
Mr. MAYIIAM. It will be perceived that
the portion of this section which I propose to
strike out includes that part which exempts
these bonds from taxation for Federal, State,
and municipal purposes ; and which not only
exempts the bonds, but also exempts the in-
terest and accumulation on these bonds from
such taxation. Now, if there is one thing more
than another which is objected to by the Ameri-
can people it is the creation in this country
of a class of property privileged from taxa-
tion. The bonds already issued by the Fed-
eral Government are exempted from taxation
for State and municipal purposes. This prop-
osition is not only to continue that exemption,
but to extend it to the interest and accumula-
tion on these bonds, which interest and accu-
mulation have hitherto been liable to taxation
for Federal purposes.
It seems to me that if the position taken by
gentlemen here is sound, that this loan will be
sought for in this country at four per cent,
interest, then there is no sound principle of
economy which should exempt so large an
amount of property and its interest and accu-
mulation from taxation. The taxation im-
posed by the Government, the burdens of the
Government, like the benefits of the Govern
ment, should be equally distributed among tho
people. It is true that it is not proposed that
this bill shall cover the entire bonded debt
of the country; but it does propose to cover
$1,000,000,000 of that debt, and to that extent
to allow the holders of the securities of the
