232
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
IIo. of Reps .
The Tariff—Mr. Wilkinson.
41sr Cong....2d Sess.
Mr. WILKINSON. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. MAYNARD. The illustration which
the gentleman has drawn from the case of the
distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Ames] is that of a manufacture no longer
in its infancy, and requiring no protection ; and
there are hundreds of similar cases. It is the
new manufactures that arc springing up with
small capital and with very little skilled labor
that require protection just as much as the
older ones did in their day. I need not attempt
at present to develop that idea, but 1 may do
so when the opportunity is fairly afforded me.
Mr. WILKINSON. That is the reason why
I think it is a very heartless argument that is
used to us western men, when these success-
ful manufacturers of the Easttauntusby saying,
"Build up manufactures among yourselves,"
while they have the power to crush us out the
very moment that we commence operations.
Human nature is the same, Mr. Chairman,
whether in New England or old England. The
eastern manufacturers tell us that if they do
not get this tariff the manufacturers of Europe
will flood our country with goods at low prices
for awhile, and by driving our men from the
market break down our manufactures in a year
or two, and they will then hold a monopoly of
our whole business. Will not New England
manufacturers do the same thing to Minnesota
men or firms? Would not Mr. Ames do the
same thing to my friend from Tennessee? He
manufactures shovels to make money by it, not
for amusement or for the advantage of other
people. It is human nature so to do, and I
suppose there is about as much human nature
in a Yankee as there is in an Englishman.
Now, the business of our country is so divers-
ified that I cannot see how this argument can
help us of the West out of this difficulty. It
applies very well to Pennsylvania, New Eng-
land, and some parts of New York, but I cannot
see liow we, the people west of the Alleghany
mountains, are benefited by it. They have us
between the upper and the nether millstones ;
the transportation monopolies on the one side
and the manufacturing monopolies on the other;
and to-day they are grinding the life-blood out
of the agricultural people of the Northwest,
and I see no escape from it except that the
Government shall be willing to lighten the
burdens that are to-day bearing those people
down to the earth.
Now, our friends speak very lightly, of this
and do not seem to appreciate at all the de-
pressed condition of agriculture in the western
States, and they will perhaps be surprised when
I say that the farmers of my district—which is
as piosperous an agricultural district as any
in the new States—after they have supported
their families in the most economical manner,
and that by the expenditure of only a few hun-
dred dollars a year, would, as an average, be
considered doing pretty well if they come to
the end of the year with §200.
Mr. PETERS. A poor country.
Mr. WILKINSON. It is a poor country
when compared with some others which are
protected by tariff and other laws at the expense
of the whole country. This is what we com-
plain of.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman means,
I presume, §200 extra in addition to support-
ing themselves and their families.
Mr. WILKINSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. Well, that is doing bet-
ter than the ordinary laborers ofthe country do.
Mr. WILKINSON. Iam not content, I wish
it to be understood, that the great agricultural
interest in this country should be regarded
merely as the laborers of this nation. They
should be the lords of this continent; and if
they could aggregate their power and concen-
trate it as the manufacturers do, if there was
any central power of that element in this
country, they would make their power felt,
not only in this Congress, but throughout this
Government. And it ought to be so. Every-
body knows who knows anything about it that
the agriculturists Of this country bear this na-
tion upon their shoulders- It is that element
that upholds the local and municipal author-
ities, the town governments, the county gov-
ernments, and the State governments; and
everybody knows who knows anything about
it that they pay an undue proportion of the
local taxation of this country; and why ? Be-
cause every dollar that they have got is patent;
the assessor can find every dollar that.an agri-
culturist owns; his farm is there, a sur&secur-
ity for the tax. Is that so with these other
men? Do not your Committee of Ways and
Means claim that there are frauds all around
in the collection of the Government revenue?
Do you not claim that the manufacturers cheat
the Government; that the merchants cheat it;
that there is fraud everywhere, and that the
Government is swindled I Who ever heard of
a farmer cheating the Government of his taxes,
his local taxes?
Now, Mr. Chairman, I said a little while ago
that I could not appreciate the force of the
arguments of these gentlemen on the iron ques-
tion. And here I will say that the question of
iron is more important, perhaps, to the farm-
ing interest than any other. No matter how
poor they are, when farmers start in they have
to invest largely in iron in one way or another.
They cannot do anything at all without it, and
I think for the interest of agriculture that that
necessary article should be as much reduced
in price as possible. I am speaking now in the
interest of agriculture.
I said that I did not fully appreciate the argu-
ments of these gentlemen who have spoken so
eloquently and so earnestly for the iron interest.
I opened the report of Mr. Lynch, from the
Committee on the Causes of the Reduction of
American Tonnage, and in it I found a curious
letter from an iron-man from Pennsylvania,
who is certified to bo a very practical man.
He says, speaking of the objects of the com-
mittee :
" On a subject of such national importance and
one involving saoh immense interests there must
naturally bo a great diversity of .opinion, and any
information that may show the subject in a now
light may. perhaps, be deemed acceptable. With
this view the following observations are thrown to-
gether to endeavor to show that it is not the compar-
atively low standard of wages in Europe alone that
prevents iron for ship-building purposes being pro-
duced in this country on equal terms with that
brought from Europe.
" It is clnefly the lack of organization and the sit-
uations of the different establishments that prevent
ship plate-iron being cheaply produced. It is a fact
beyond dispute that pis iron can bo mado as cheap,
and coal can bo obtained cheaper on the Ohio than
on the Tees, in England. Why, then, cannot iron
for sbip-building be made, and ships be built on tho
Ohio at the same price by ton with American iron,
as at the Atlantic ports with European iron, even if
no duty is paid on it? Simply for want of the organ-
ization used in England and the policy used in
France."
Again this Pennsylvanian says:
"But other questions may be asked. Can pig iron
be made on the Ohio, and coal worked for convert-
ing it into ship-plates at the same price as iron and
coal costs in England? The answeris decidedly yes,
and scores of places could be pointed out on tho Ohio
where pig iron can be made and coal delivered quite
as cheap as in England, and why this is not generally
known eould easily be explained, if necessary. This
subject is one of tho greatest national importance,
and should be investigated by those who are inter-
ested i n th e prosperity of the country beforo measures
are taken which will only partially assist in impro v-
ingthc condition of ship-owners, and which can never
satisfy the nation. With such enormous deposits of
iron ore and coal throughout tho country in situa-
tions most favorable for working them, is it policy to
let them remain undisturbed, and purchase ships,
with gold, from other nations, or employ capital at
home in developing the resources ofthe country, and
give employment to thousands of its inhabitants 1"
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman explain
why that is ?
Mr. WILKINSON. The gentleman's col-
league [Mr. Lynch] probably knows all about,
it, for he certifies that this Pennsylvanian is a
very reliable man, and I suppose that his judg-
ment may be relied upon, as he seems to have
the indorsement of the committee.
Mr. PETERS. I do not want Mr. Lyjtoh's
opinion, but I would like to have the gentle-
man to state to us if iron can be furnished
without a tariff as cheaply as it can be fur-
nished in England, and why. I have seen it
so stated before, but I cannot understand it.
Mr. CAKE. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will say that there are many places in
Pennsylvania, as well as on the Ohio, where
iron can be made as cheaply as it can be made
in England, provided the labor can be ob-
tained as cheaply here as there ; but it is quite
certain that labor must be procured at the
same price as in England, or the material pro-
duced must cost more by just th.e amount of
the difference paid to labor. And 1 take it
that every protectionist on this floor, except
he have some selfish interest, is a protectionist
in the interest of labor alone. If it were not
for that, and the country did not need it, I
would say let us have free trade entirely,
although every time it has been tried it has
broken down the labor of the country and
caused desolation and want throughout our
land.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to know when
that disaster took place ?
Mr. CAKE. It took place from 1820 to
1821, from 1835 to 1842, and from 1850, more
or less, until it culminated in 1857. It has
now commenced, and, under the policy which
the gentleman would pursue—I do not think
he means it, but his policy would not only
break down the labor of the country, but it
would also break down the party responsible
for it.
Mr. BIRD. Is not that the greater dan-
ger?
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to know why the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cake] in-
sists that any policy 1 would pursue would
disturb the labor of this country, when he knows
that Ike proposition I made yesterday with
reference to the tariff would not on the average
bring the tariff down to the tariff rate of 1862,
which is a high protective tariff under the policy
of himself and his own friends, who were in
Congress during that year.
Mr. PETERS. Let me ask the gentleman
a question. Does he go for a protective tariff?
Mr. ALLISON. I will answer that question.
I do not know what the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Peters] means by a protective tariff. If
he means a tariff of 20 per cent, upon lum-
ber 
Mr. PETERS. That for one thing, perhaps.
Mr. ALLISON. If the gentleman means 57
or 60 per cent, upon the ruder forms of iron,
I am against it; or if he means 75 to 200 per
cent, upon woolen goods, I am against it. I am,
as the gentleman is, in favor of protecting
American labor against foreign labor ; but I
do not believe, nor does he believe, that it is
necessary to have these exorbitant rates for
the purpose of protecting American labor.
Mr. PETERS. Not at all; but I would like
the gentleman to put on the record, because I
think it would have some influence upon the
country, whether in obtaining revenue he would
so arrange our tariff law as to give all protec-
tion possible fairly and reasonably to American
labor.
Mr. MAYNARD. Now let the gentleman
answer that question.
Mr. CAKE. Certainly; the gentleman from
Iowa means that.
Mr. ALLISON. Certainly, I will answer
the question. I mean to say that the duties
we now levy upon these manufactured articles
are excessive and exorbitant.
