5022
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
June 30,
Government to be entirely free from all kinds
of taxation. They will be exempt from Fed-
eral taxation, from Slate taxation, and from
municipal or local taxation of all hinds, and
in that respect will stand entirely independent
of every other class of property holders, and
may be entirely regardless of the amount of
expenditures of the Government.
These bonds are to be held by those who will
be best able to pay taxes. At least to the
extent to which these bonds are now taxed,
and their interest and accumulation are taxed,
they should be taxed under this bill. It is true
that while this bill proposes to lower the rate
of interest, at the same time it is an effort to
create a new and an invidious distinction in
favor of capitalists who may invest in these
securities. While the farm of the farmer, the
merchandise of the merchant, and the work-
shop of the mechanic are all taxed for county,
State, and Federal purposes, the holders of these
securities can look on with perfect indifference,
knowing that, no matter to what extent the
expenditures of this Government may go, no
matter how onerous and oppressive taxation
may be upon labor and upon visible and pro-
ductive capital, they will be exempt from all
those burdens. It seems to me that this^hould
not be ; that at least the policy of exemption
hasgone far enough ; that, if there is to be any
modification in the policy heretofore pursued,
these bonds should be taxed as other property
is taxed.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, this proposi-
tion, reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means, seems to me to be the ouly one,
in the multiplicity of plans which have been
submitted to this House for llie improvement
of the finances of this country, which is entirely
free from objection. It is a proposition to re-
duce taxation ; for in proportion as you reduce
the interest on the public debt do you reduce
the taxation which is now bearing so heavily
on the people. What is the proposition?
Whether or not it will succeed is not for me to
say; if it do6s not succeed, at least no harm
will be done.
This is a proposition to fund a portion of
our public debt at a low rate of interest. In-
stead of continuing to pay the enomous rates
which we are now paying for the loan of money,
those rates amounting in some instances of
seven or eight per cent., thia bill proposes
that the rate of interest as to the bonds con-
templated by this bill shall not exceed four
per cent.
My honorable friend from New York, [Mr.
Wood,] in his remarks to day, seemed to have
some apprehension that these bonds would
necessarily go abroad'; that money is so val-
uable in this country that no American, in the
midst of the extensive enterprises 111 which our
people are engaged, would invest money at
four per cent, when, by investing in these
domestic enterprises, he could realize perhaps
eight or ten per cent. Sir, it seems to me this
argument of my honorable friend tends rather
to show the importance of this measure ; for
if the money invested in these bonds is to come
from abroad, then that money, going into cir-
culation among our own people, will aid largely
in the construction of our great works of inter-
nal improvement, and those other large enter-
prises which are engaging the attention of the
people of this country.
In every view which lean take of this prop-
osition it seems to me to be demanded of both
sides of this House that an attempt should be
made to reduce the enormous rate of interest
which the Government is now paying upon its
indebtedness. I am not prepared to say with
confidence that the Secretary of the Treasury
will be able to dispose of any very large
amount of these bonds at four per cent, inter-
est ; but judging from present indications, from
the expansion of our trade and commerce,
from the rapid strides we are making as a
nation, from the high opinion entertained of
pur national credit, which is growing every
day, it is not at all improbable that a thousand
millions—nay, double, treble, quadruple this
amount—may be obtained at a rate of interest
even lower than four per cent.
At all events, Mr. Speaker, this is an exper-
iment which we ought to try. If we fail in it;
no harm can be done. If we succeed we shall
thus reduce the taxes of the people ; we shall
confer a benefit upon the country at large; we
shall stop the process which has been going on
for some time'Jiast of anticipating the payment
of our public debt, in the discharge of which
posterity is, I think,- as largely interested as
we are.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. MAYHAM. I call for the yeas and
nays 011 the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I moveas an amendment
to the amendment, to strike out in line nine-
teen the word " but' so that the last sentence
of the section will read as follows :
Nothing in this act, or in any other law now in
force, shall be construed to authorize any ineroaso
whatover of the bonded debt of the United States.
I offer this amendment for the purpose of
saying a word 111 reply to the gentlemen 00 the
other side. It is true that in order to give
value to these long bonds at a low rate of
interest, so that they may be taken by capi-
talists, we provide, among other things, that
the bonds shall not, be subject of taxation. On
our present bonded debt we have to pay six per
cent, interest. The gentlemen askwhatconsid-
eration the holders of these bonds give to the
Government for relieving them from taxation.
Simply this: Jhey contract that during the time
these bonds shall run they will let us have
money for two thirds the rate of interest we are
now paying. They make this agreement with
the United States; " Whereas, the Government
has heretofore been paying six per cent, on its
indebtedness, wc will let it have money at four
per cent., (a deduction greater in amount than
any tax which anybody has ever proposed to
put upon the six per cent, coupons,) provided
the Government will agree never to trouble us
about taxation." f think there could not be a
fairer offer than this. I withdraw my amend-
ment and ask for a vote.
Mr. MAYIIAM. I wishto modify my amend-
ment, so that it shall be a motion to strike out
the following words:
Which said bonds and the interest thereon shall
bo exempt from the payment of' all taxes or duties
of the United Sta tes, as well as from taxation in any
form by or under State, municipal, or local authority.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I wish
to say that while I am in favor of taxing the
present Government bonds as well as other
property, I have a special objection to the
enactment in this section, and am in favor of
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Mayham] to strike it out.
Sir, it is an alienation of the constitutional
power of the Federal Legislature to levy and
collect taxes, and I deny that this Congress
has the right to alienate, give away, or in any
manner part with any of its constitutional
powers. The power to levy and collect taxes
is specifically granted to Congress by the Con-
stitution of the United States. It is a trust
for the people. It is invested in Congress, to
be ex.ereised by this Congress, and any future
Congress, according to public exigencies. This
Congress cannot confine or restrain any future
Congress from the exercise of the taxing power.
If 1 needed any authority on the point I have
that of Jefferson, who declared "thatthedead
cannot bind the living." This Congress will
be defunct next year, and a dead Congress
cannot bind a living Congress coming after us
from the exercise of its constitutional power
to levy and collect taxes.
This bill proposes to alienate, to give away
this inherent, indefeasible right. If the reason
against taxing bonds were a great deal stronger
than it is I would say it is a power to be exer-
cised under the discretion of each successive
Congress ; therefore I shall vote for striking
out these words.
In the other Government bonds which we
have issued we have provided that- they shall
not be subject to taxation for State or muni-
cipal purposes; but we have never provided
that they shall not be taxed for Federal pur-
poses. This is, then, an original proposition
on the part of Congress to divest itself, to de-
nude itself and all subsequent Cougresses of
the constitutional function most essential to
the safety of the Government and the country.
No man can tell what the necessity for the
exercise of the legislative power to levy and
collect taxes may be in the future. Hitherto
we have had no proposition to give it away or
to hamper and fetter it. If it is stricken out
of the bill it does not necessarily involve the
taxation of these bonds; but it leaves the ques-
tion open for future Congresses as it has been
to prior Congresses.
I think the people of the country are in favor
of imposing some taxation on the Government
bonds as well as on other property. I pro-
posed the other day an enactment which but
nineteen men in this House seemed to under-
stand, for only eighteen voted with me. [Laugh-
ter.] It was to subject all Government bonds,
whether held at home or abroad, to the same rea-
sonable taxation we impose upon other moneyed
securities, and in consideration thereof to give
up the tax upon incomes. What I proposed
was a substitution of a tax upon the interest
of the bonds for the income tax. Had we done
that the people of this country would have
recognized the justice of it. The foreign bond-
holders would also have x-ecognized the justice
of it, because they would have been put on the
same footing with our own capitalists, and the
credit of our bonds would be improved thereby.
Bondholders, whether foreign or domestic, are
as equitably bound to contribute to the sup-
port of Government as the owners of o.ny other
form of property which the Government pro-
tects. And an application of this equitable
principle would help our credit, for whatever
in a republican Government satisfies the pub-
lic conscience and judgment tends to stability
both of legislation and credit.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to oppose, proformu,
the amendment which has been submitted to
the House, presuming that I may submit in
that way a few remarks which I wish to make
on this question. I am in favor of the motion
to strike out, not only on the grounds so well
stated by the gentleman frosn Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Woodward,] but on two other grounds.
The first is, that it is so against the genius and
spirit of republican government to exempt a
class of persons and vast interest in property
from taxation, that it is impossible that any
condition of things except an actual state of
war would justify a republican government in
resorting to that expedient as ameansfor rais-
ing money for either a temporary or permanent
purpose.
Again, sir, this debt is to run for a period of
thirty years, according to the provision of this
bill. It is to run through a whole generation.
European nations with resources far below
ours, except in the accumulation of capital, as
France, England, and Prussia, pay less inter-
est on their loans than is proposed in this bill,
and still subjects the income to a fax. They
pay rates of interest scarcely exceeding, on an
average, three per cent. 1 submit that these
bonds, even if issued at four per cent., will be
fairly and legitimately subject to the taxing
power of the Government. I do not pretend
that the States can tax bonds issued by the
Government; the Supreme Court says we
cannot; but. I contend that the United States
Government can tax them, and that that power
ought to be retained to be exercised when jus-
tice to the whole people and the exigencies of
the Government may require it to bo done:
x think it is very manifest that, whether this
