4076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
on the amendment to tlie amendment, to make
it eight dollars.
Mr. FOWLER. I should think that would
be more than the compensation under the res-
olution itself.
Mr. TROMBULL. The amendment doe3
not compel the payment of eight dollars, but
provides that in no case shall it exceed eight
dollars; and I will say to the Senator from
Tennessee that we shall save thousands and
thousands of dollars by limiting it to eight
dollars.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is a
proviso to the resolution that the increase shall
not exceed fifty per cent. I desire to limit
that fifty per cent, so that it shall not exceed a
certain amount per day.
Mr. "WILLIAMS. There seems to be a
great apprehension here in trusting the Secre-
tary of the Interior with power to increase this
compensation as circumstances may require.
Under the old law this power existed, and yet
to the marshals and deputy marshals in certain
of the Territories no additional compensation
was made at all. In the Territory of New
Mexico, when the last censu&was taken, there
was not a dollar of extra compensation paid to
the marshals or deputy marshals, although the
Secretary of the Interior had the power to in-
crease their compensation ; while to the mar-
shals and deputy marshals in other portions of
the country there was an additional compen-
sation given. It is impossible to do this work
unless there is some discretion left to the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
Mr. CHANDLER. I must call for the reg-
ular order. This debate will not end.
calendar of resolutions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Michigan demands the regular order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to have a res-
olution acted upon.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The first resolu-
tion on the Calendar of resolutions laid over
is the resolution offered by the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] to print extra copies
of the report of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office for 1809.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will go over.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont I hope the
Senator from Michigan will not insist on his
call. This joint resolution is a matter of im-
portance, and in some shape ought to pass.
Mr. POMEROY. There is more importance
attached to the census bill than any other bill
we can pass to-day.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will not take a minute
to pass my resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us take a vote on this
census question.
Mr. CHANDLER. If it is understood that
I shall have five minutes 
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, let the Senator have
five minutes; butlet us have a vote on this joint
resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We cannot have any
understanding.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I ask  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first reso-
lution is the resolution of the Senator from
Oregon, which was laid over.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I insiston proceeding wit!*
the consideration of the joint resolution in
regard to the ccusus. I do not see any neces-
sity- 
Mr. CHANDLER. Iaskavote on passing
it over.
Th e VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan moves to pass over the resolution.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is before the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. What is before the Sen-
ate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be reported.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the Senator will allow
the vote to be taken on the census resolution
he can go on with his resolution. .
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have a word to say on
the census resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that measure ; but the morning hour was pass-
ing away, and I wanted to act on another res-
olution. Let us go on with that resolution. I
insist on that resolution being considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
before the Senate will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tion, submitted by Mr. Williams on the 7th of
April, and then referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That the Congressional Printer be, and
he is hereby, authorized to cause to be printed for the
use of the Senate three thousand copies of the report
ill full of the Commissioner of the General Land Office
for the year 1869, with accompanying maps, and in
addition thereto two thousand copies for distribution
by said Commissioner; also, for distribution through
the State Department, of a condensed edition of said
report.coutainingalltheitemsofgeneral interest,with
accompanying connected map of the United States
and Territories showing the progress of public sur-
veys and topographical features of the country, as
follows, namely: in German, three thousand copies;
in French, one thousand copies, and in Swedish, one
thousand copies.
On the 20th of May the Committee of Print-
ing reported the following amendment as a
substitute for the resolution:
llea'olved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed three thou-
sand copies of the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office for 18G9, with accompanying
maps, for the use of the Senate; six thousand copies
of the same for the use of the House of Represent-
atives, and two thousand copies of the same for dis-
tribution by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office; also, five thousand copies of a condensed edi-
tion of the same, with the connected map of the
United States, for distribution through the State
Department, of which three thousand shall be in
German, one thousand in French, and one thousand
in Swedish.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing to explain
that.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President 
Mr. CORBETT. This resolution was not
the resolution understood to be voted upon by
those around me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That possibly
may be the case. It is, however, the resolution
before the Senate; and the Senatorfrom Rhode
Islartd has risen to explain the amendment
reported by the Committee on Printing.
Mr. CORBETT. I understood that we voted
to continue the consideration of the joint res-
olution in regard to the census.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That joint reso-
lution was taken up subject to a demand for
the regular order, and that demand was made
by the Senator from Michigan, which displaced
the joint resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. The resolution before the
Senate is a resolution which was reported by
the Committee on Printing without recom-
mendation. The committee were unable to
agree upon it. For my part, I am opposed
to the passage of the resolution on account of
the great expense that will attend the publica-
tion of the maps.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much will it cost?
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose it will cost
about eighty thousand dollars to carry out the
resolution and print these maps. The prin-
cipal and most expensive map is the one which
was exhibited here during the discussion in
executive session this week, and during the dis-
cussion of the resolution of the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,] Berghaus's great
map of the world, which has been copied with
some alterations, some lines of steamships laid
down upon it. I believe that it would be very
proper for this Government to publish a series
of maps of the country in the way in which the
French Government has been doing, and in the
way in which I believe the English Govern-
ment is doing it; maps which should include
every State of the Union, all upon the same
scale, and which should embody the latest
geographical discoveries and the highest geo-
graphical science.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island will please suspend; the
morning hour has expired, and the Indian
appropriation bill is before the Senate.
ftfr. ANTHONY. I hope I may be allowed
to add that I do not think these maps fulfill
that condition.
Mr. SPENCER. I appeal to the Senator
from Maine to allow us to pass the census
joint resolution. It is important to dispose of
it, and we can pass it in a few minutes.
Mr. 'MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
question before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Indian appro-
priation bill. There is no amendment to it
now pending.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator from
Maine if he will not allow us to take a vote on
the census resolution?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If that question
would not lead to discussion I should not
object?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not propose to say
anything further, and I have not said anything
more than was necessary to explain it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it leads to no
discussion 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let us take the vote; that
is all I want.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon asks that the appropriation bill be
informally passed over, subject to a demand
for the regular order, to resume the consider-
ation of the census joint resolution. Is there
objection?
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say a few words
about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So do I.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the Senator
from Oregon that I do not wish to create delay.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It will certainly
lead to debate. I hope the Senator will allow
us to go on with the Indian bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Indian appro-
priation bill is before the Senate.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing Senate bill and joint resolutions without
amendment:
A bill (S. No. 97) to fix the salary of the
bailiff of the Court of Claims j
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 98) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an
American register to the bark Live Oak, and
the ship Agra of Boston ; and
A joint resolution (8. R. No. 137) for the
relief of Mrs. E. Grace Stevens.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 263) to establish
certain post roads in the State of Alabama,
and for other purposes, with amendments, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No.
301) authorizing the Secretary of War to place
at the disposal of the judges of the county
court of Greene county, Missouri, certain cap-
tured ordnance, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
enrolled bill signed.
The message likewise announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (II. R. No. 1977) to supply a deficiency in
the appropriation for compensation and mile-
age of members of the House of Representa- *
tives and Delegates from Territories for the
fiscal year ending June 30, in the year 1870,
and for other purposes; and it was thereupon
signed by the Vice President.
lb vises oj? the mississippi.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted a motion to
reconsider the vote agreeing to the resolution
