1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2191
The SPEAKER. It is not in the power of
thegentleman t,o acccpt the amendments. They
must be submitted to the action of the House.
Mr. COX. I would like to make au inquiry
of the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs. I congratulate the gentleman and the
committee on the efficient way in which they
have discharged the duty intrusted to them,
and I would like to know if the committee have
considered the position which the boys improp-
erly appointed will occupy, and if so what
decision they have come to.
Mr. LOGAN. In reply to the gentleman I
will state that the report speaks for itself, and
outside of that I do not propose to say anything.
Mr. COX. I would like to have the cmpha
sis of the chairman of the committee given to
the Departments or to the country in favor of
retaining those boys at the Military and Naval
Academies.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire that what the com-
mittee have reported to the House shall be
acted 011 immediately. What the gentleman
has referred to is a matter foreign to the report.
The committee have presented no report in
reference to the boys at the Military and Naval
Academies. If the gentleman will allow the
report of the committee to bo acted on, and
to be either adopted or rejected, action by t he
House on the other matter may then bo invited.
Mr. COX. We will all vote for the adoption
of that report.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man from Illinois whether it is contemplated
to remove from the schools the lads who have
been improperly appointed ?
Mr. LOGAN. Of course not.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to ask whether this
hill will provide for the changes which are
made ill congressional districts, and whether
it will be required that applicants shall have a
lesiilence ol two years?
Mr. LOGAN. Those points are provided
for by amendments which I have accepted.
Mr. CONG Kli. These amendments, in my
opinion, are not sufficient.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 insist on my demand for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and tlie
main question ordered.
Mr. J rjm's amendment, to insert aller the
words ''bona, jidc resident'' the words "within
the limits," was agreed to.
Mr. Njiuaok's amendment, to strike out the
words "two years" amlhiscit "one year,"
was also agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to bo
engrossed and read a third time ; am! being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, ami passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider lie laid on the
table.
The latter Motion was agreed to.
COMMANDER JOHN IX. I'PKlIl.'l!.
Mr. LOGAN. I now submit the following
preamble and resolution:
Whereas it it* in ovideneo before the Cumin it leu on
Military Affairs of I his Ilousio, as wo It as ndmil tod
by Commander John II. Upshur of the Navy, that
lio paid the sum of §>1,«(X) to ono M. I>. Lundon with
a. vjow oi' having said money used in procuring tho
appointment of his sou to tho Naval Academy at
Annapolis: Therefore,
lie it re&ahed. That a copy of .said cvideneo bo
transmitted to the Secretary of the Navy, and thnt
ho be directed to convene a court-martial for the
purpose ol putting said Commander Upshur on trial
foi conduct unbecoming an officer.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to move to strike
out all that portion of the resolution which
directs the Secretary of the Navy to convene
a court-martial, so as simply to provide that
tho evidence shall be transmitted to him. Of
course he would convene a court-martial, and
I have no objection to that.
Mr. TvELSEY. Put in the word "requested"
instead of "directed."'
Mr. SCOI'TELl). No, I would not oven put
in that; not out of respect to the Secretary or
anybody else, but because I do not want by
legislation to direct a trial. I do not want that
the officer charged with ordering a trial in
certain cases should have that discretion which
the law vests iu him controlled by an act of
Congress; that lie should be absolutelydirected
to do it; aud I think that perhaps the gentle-
man from Illinois would bo willing that that
portion of the resolution should be stricken
out. I will make that motion, with his per-
mission.
Mr. VOORIIEES. It is with great reluc-
tance that I seem to antagonize anythiug em-
anating from the Committee on Military Affairs
on this subject. Iu ray judgment they have
performed a most delicate aud ungracious
duty very delicately aud with great wisdom.
1 have been happy to concur with them in
everything with the exception of this resolu-
tion. I do not know Commander Upshur per-
sonally at. all. 1 never saw him so far as I
know. l>ul, an officer of long standing in the
Navy whom 1 have known for many years and
esteem very highly, called my atteutiou a few
days since to this matter, and spoke of the
probability of its coming up. it strikes me
now in this light: if this money that Com-
mander Upshur is charged with using for the
purpose of procuring the appointment for his
sou had been improperly or corruptly used
the committee would certainly have developed
that fact and reported it to the House. In
other words, if the money was used for the
purpose of bribery that fact should be lirst
established in order to all'eet the man who paid
the money for a corrupt purpose. If Com-
mander Upshur, as is charged, procured this
appointment improperly there is some mem-
ber of this House or some other ollicer some-
where who has been improperly approached
and improperly controlled ; and in the absence
of miy report from the committee to thatefl'eet
1 should he very slow to liml the minor propo-
sition in the absence of the major. Let me be
clearly understood. 1 must find lirst that there
bus been nn improper use ol' money before 1
will in any way by my vote or won! impeach
the character of a man of unquestioned stand-
ing and of long and brilliant service in the
Navy of his country. I do not. understand
that the member ol Congress who made this
appointment was in the slightest, degree im-
plicated.
Mr. LOGAN. U was not made by a mem-
ber of Congress.
Mi. VOORIIEES. Very well: then it was
made at large from the State. Be that, us it
may it does not alfect the proposition that I am
advancing. Lotus sec for a moment what is
really embraced in it. If Commander Upshur
employed a man, not an ollicer of the Govern-
ment., to give his time and his services to pro-
cure an appointment which he felt that he could
not procure himself 1 do not see that it was
necessarily a corrupt proceeding on his part.
He did not deal with an official. He dealt with
a man whom he supposed could procure the
appointment. It was a matter of taste on tlie
part of the man thus employed. You or I would
not, be likely to engage in such business as the
agent hero seems to have done; but I can easily
imagine how a naval officer who has been for
a quarter of a century in the service of his
country, and having no congressional acquaint-
ances, might be induced by his keen desire to
take cure of a member of his family to employ
somebody to procure this appoiutinentfor him.
I would have to know that Commander Upshur
gave this money with a corrupt purpose and for
a corrupt use before I would feel at liberty to
order lum before a court-martial, as this reso-
lution proposes.
I repeat again that it is with extreme reluc-
tance that I oppose anything emanating from
the Committee on Military Affairs, for I desire
in this public manner to bear my testimony to
the sentiment, which so far as I know per-
vades all members of the House, of the im-
partiality and the care with which this com-
mittee has conducted the business before it.
Still, I do not think that this officer of the
Navy, who has deserved well of his country,
should be court-martialed, when it is not proved
that a dollar of his money was used for any
corrupt purpose or with any corrupt determin-
ation.
I will now yield to the gentleman from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Starkweather,] if my friend
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] does not object.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I do not wish to
say a word which would detract at all from
our admiration of the manner in which this
committee have performed their duties. But
Captain Upshur has been temporarily a resi-
dent of my district for some months past. He
has been in the Navy for a number of yea™,
and his father and grandfather were connected
with the naval service of this country. When
ho was here a few days ago—I suppose lie
was here to attend before the Committee on
Military Affairs—he came to me and stated
what I suppose were the facts in this case.
I learned from him that on account of his
having been connected with the Navy, and
his ancestors before him, ho was exceedingly
anxious that his son should be appointed to
the Naval Academy. He went to see the Pres-
ident upon the subject. I understand the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] to say that
this appointment was made at large. But I
understood Captain Upshur to say that it was
made from the third congressional district of
South Carolina, Mr. Hogg's district.
Mr. LOGAN. I will state about that here-
after.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Captain Upshur
said to me in substance, and I think I can rely
upon the truthfulness of his statement from
what I know of him, that he had learned that
Mr. IIoge had made an appointment to the
Naval Academy, but that the boy did not pass
the examination; that he saw some gentleman
connected with the Navy Department, and the
fact was ascertained that there was a vacancy
in that district.
1 understood Captain Upshur to say thatupon
ascertaining that all the appointments at large
had been made he endeavored to procure an
appointment from some district. Some one
with whom he conferred said that there were
perhaps men who could see Mr. Hoge, or
whoever had an appointment to give, and some
arrangement could be made; not, I suppose,
ill any way looking t.o any corrupt purpose,
for nothing has been said against any member
of Congress or against Captain Upshur; but
simply because of his anxiety to see if this
vacancy could not be filled by the appointment
of liis son, he left a sum of money in the hands
of a gentleman, lie also conferred with the
Navy Department, or perhaps I ought not to
say tho "Navy Department," but he conferred
with some naval ollicer as to the propriety of
having his son appointed from South Carolina.
The facts in the case were these: Captain Up-
shur had been in Connecticut but a short time,
perhaps three months. He had formerly been
much longer in South Carolina in connection
with blockading duties during the war; but
practically Captain Upshur had no legal resi-
dence anywhere for the space of one year. He
had been constantly engaged in service during
all the war as a most distinguished officer. His
history in connection with the naval service of
the country had been most meritorious; he
had been ordered on duty from one point to
another, so that during the last three years,
and perhaps since the commencement of the
war, tiiere was no time when he could have
been called a resident for a year of any one
district. But his residence in South Carolina
was as long as his residence in any other dis-
trict.
^ understand the matter, after conferring
with some one connected with the Navy Depart-
ment lie was told that there was no impropriety
in having his son appointed from a district in
bouth Carolina. He then placed in the hands
