1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5023
power is to be exercised now or at some time
in the future, it should in any event be re-
tained on the ground that the Government
cannot surrender its taxing power. It is
against the genius and spirit of republican gov-
ernment to do it by the exemption of a vast
amount of property from taxation. In the
course of the generation through which these
bonds are proposed to run a tax of even one
percent, may be found to be just and equitable,
and still our Government would pay on these
bonds as great an interest as this Government
should pay in view of the general policy and
the conduct of nations no more entitled to
absolute credit than our own.
Gentlemen argue that these bonds cannot
go abroad if left subject to taxation. In regard
to that I must say, if no other result should fol-
low the retention of the taxing power than the
keeping of these bonds in the United States,
so as to compel this to become a domestic
debt till it is paid, I should for that reason, if for
no other, support this amendment. I think no
policy can be more fatal than one whose effect
will be to drive or invite our bonds into the
foreign markets and make the American na-
tion, for a generation at least, absolutely trib-
utary to the wealth of the nations of Europe.
Then it is said that these bonds will never
be taken up if you retain the right to tax them,
and that you cannot convert the five twenties
into them, because the five-twenties draw bet-
ter interest. My answer is, that if this debt is
honestly paid, not merely honestly as to the
bondholders but honestly to the American peo-
ple, to the laboring masses, who must bear
the burden in the currency in which it has
contracted, there will be every motive on the
part of the bondholder to take the four per
cent, bonds, payable in gold subject to just
taxation, rather than to retain the six per cent,
bonds, which are subject to taxation, and
which, according to all the laws of justice,
ought to be paid in the very money, as to
value, in which the debt was contracted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the last word of the section. I do so
for the purpose merely of entering my protest
against the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward.] as
well as against the conclusions at which lie
has arrived. As I understand it, Mr. Speaker,
the gentleman's proposition is to strike out
the provision from the twelfth to the fifteenth
lines of the first section, which is that—
Said bonds and the interest thereon shall be ex-
empt from the payment of all taxes or duties of the
United States, as well as fiom taxation in any form
by or under State, municipal, or local authority.
I had supposed, Mr. Speaker, that it had
been settled beyond all possibility of challenge,
by the highest judicial tribunals of this coun-
try, that it is not competent for auy State of
this Union, or for any municipal authority in
any State of this Union, to tax the securities
of the United States without the consent of the
Government of the United States. I had
thought that the reasoning of Marshall on that
subject would have led all minds to that con-
clusion.
Mr. WOODWARD. Let me say that that is
not the question before us.
Mr. BINGIIAM. What is your proposi-
tion?
Mr. WOODWARD. Here is an attempt to
surrender or legislate away a power of Con-
gress.
Mr. BIN GHAM. What do you propose to
strike out of the bill?
Mr. WOODWARD. I propose to strike out
that part which proposes to legislate away a
power granted to Congress by the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. HOLM AN. It is not needful to say that
the States shall not do a, thing which they can-
not do, if the gentleman is correct.
Mr. B1NGIIASI. I ask that the amendment
be read.
The amendment was read. It was to strike
out of the first section the following:
Which said bonds and the interest thereon shall
be exempt from the payment of all taxes or duties
of the United States, as well as from taxation in any
form by or under State, municipal, or local author-
ity.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit to the House
that I have stated very truly the issue the gen-
tleman has raised by his amendment. If he
does not mean what he said then he ought not
to have said it. It is no answer for the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] to say it
is not needful to do this thing, when we have
large political organizations in the States which
declare in their State conventions the right
and duty of the State governments to tax the
securities of the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. No; the right and duty of
the Federal Government to tax its securities.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 understand exactly what
I am saying. The Democratic party in ray
own State has made that very declaration. If
the gentleman disclaims it on this floor as a
doctrine of the Democratic party, there is
something gained by this discussion.
_No_w, as to the other question under the Con-
stitution. If there was nothing but the clause
of the eighth section of the first article of the
Constitution quoted by the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward]—to
wit, " the Congress shall have power to lay
and collect taxes"—there might be some
ground for this extraordinary conclusion^!' his,
that you cannot limit the taxing power of this
Government. But noTnan knows better than
that learned gentleman himself that you must
give effect, it possible, to every written word
of the fundamental law. And if the gentle-
man had read a few lines further on in that
same section of the first article of the Consti-
tution lie would have found this express pro-
vision ;
( " The Congress shall have power *' *■ *
to borrow money on the credit of the United
states.
In other words, Congress shall have power
to contract with all persons on the credit of
the United States, nnder and by force of law,
for the purpose of obtaining money. That is
the bill before us; it is the exercise of a plain,
express grant of power under the Constitution.
It carries with it of necessity the power to
place a letter upon all subsequent Congresses
in support of the contract made for the money
loaned upon the credit of the United States.
How can Congress contract for money on the
credit of the United States if Congress can-
not by law protect the contract from being
taxed out of existence?
Mr. Speaker, I make the further statement,
which the gentleman will hardly dare to con-
tradict, because it has found its place already
in the solemn decisions of the Supreme Court
of the United States, and that is, that the gen-
eral power of taxation, whether in the Federal
or in the State government, except in so far
as it is limited by the fundamental law or by
laws enacted in pursuance thereof, may be
exercised to the entire extinguishment of all
the property that the citizen has. Under the
Constitution of the United States the power
to lay and collect taxes hath this limitation:
that bonds given for money borrowed on the
credit of the United States may by law be
exempted from all taxation, and by such law
of course the power of all subsequent Con-
gresses is restricted. The sovereignty thus
binds itself by its own law to keep th^contract.
The law thus enacted is the will of the sover-
eignty, declared unto and in pursuance of its
fundamental law. Pass such a law, and no
Congress hereafter has a right to challenge a
contract made under it.
Under the provision proposed the Govern-
ment of the United States, as a body corporate
and politic, can become as solemnly bound to
keep inviolate the conditions of the contract
as cau the private citizen. To be sure, sover-
eignty, by an abuse or assumption of power,
may override all moral obligation and violate
contracts to which it is a party by mere brute
force. No such bad faith proves that the
sovereignty is not bound to keep its contracts,
nor that its contract, made in pursuance of its
Constitution and laws, does not bind all future
Congresses. The nation can as lawfully bind
itself by contract as can citizens bind them-
selves who are able and capable to contract
and who do contract under and in pursuance
of the same law of the land. And what is this
power to borrow and contract for money on
the credit of the United States worth if the
Congress, by the law, cannot bind the nation?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
as a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, I have concurred in reporting this bill;
and amid the differences of opinion among some
of my colleagues on this side of the House, I
feel it my duty to maintain the position which
I have taken ; and I beg gentlemen who are
associated with me politically to deliberate
before dissenting from that position. What is
our financial condition ? We owe an enormous
debt, upon which we are paying an enormous
interest. Those with whom I am associated
politically on this floor have contended for a
reduction of taxes to the amount of $100,000,-
000, a reduction which we know the Treasury
can bear. We have contended that the people
should not be oppressed by taxation in this
generation to raise the enormous sums which
the Secretary of the Treasury is now disburs-
ing for the discharge of the national indebted-
ness. This is our position before the people:
a reduction of taxation and a transfer of the
burden of the public debt from this generation
to a succeeding generation.
Our people are entitled to have their indebt-
edness funded at the lowest possible rate of
interest which will be accepted. We are bound
to lighten the burden of that indebtedness to the
utmost extent that may be possible without re-
pudiation. The Committee of Ways and Moans
have partially adopted this view in reporting
the bill now before us. They have acted in
opposition to the recommendations of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. He is demanding the
continuance of the six per cent, interest upon
our bonded debt, and the Senate of the United
States take the same position. We now pro-
pose four per cent, instead of six per cent, as
the rate of interest, a reduction of the interest
to the extent of one third, and practically a
reduction of the principal of the debt to the
extent of one third. If we do not accept this
proposition we declare ourselves in favor of a
continuance of the debt at the present high
rate of interest, or the taxation of the people
to the extent of $100,000,000 more thau is
necessary in order to pay off that debt.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I wish the gentleman
would explain how this bill will reduce the
principal of our indebtedness one third.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That is prac-
tically the cffect of the reduction in the rate
of interest from six to four per cent, running
through thirty years.
My honorable friend from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] says that we shall be at liberty to
pay this debt in currency if we do not now
contract to pay it in gold. Sir, T tell the gen-
tleman that within six months from $he time
when the Democratic party shall come into
power there will be a resumption of specie
payments in this country; the return to gold
and silver as the medium for the payment of
all our debts. This is the platform which the
Legislature of New York has adopted: the
resumption of specie payments and the pay-
ment of our debt, both principal and interest,
in gold. This is the platform of the Demo-
cratic party. This is in accordance with the
political chart of Jefferson, of Monroe, of
Jackson, of Benton, of Polk, of Pierce, of
Buchanan, and all the great lumiuaries of the
Democratic party. The record of our party is
in favor of hard money and specie payments.
