5QM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
Now is the time, by the funding of our bonds
so far as possible at four per cent, interest, to
relieve the people from the present enormous
interest of six, seven, and eight per cent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. MAYHAM. I would like to ask the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] a
question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. BINGHAM. .1 withdraw my amend-
ment, that it may be renewed by any other
gentleman who wishes to continue the discus-
sion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. For the
purpose of argument I renew the amendment.
I desire to state, Mr. Speaker, what I under-
stand to be the distinction between the exemp-
tion from taxation proposed as to the bonds
contemplated in this bill, and the power of
taxation which the General Government has
with reference to the bonds now outstanding.
The present five twenty bonds contain no con-
tract against taxation by the General Govern-
ment, The law under which they were issued
did exempt them from taxation by State and
municipal governments. They are, in myjudg-
ment, liable, like any other property, to taxa-
tion by the General Government, though not
by the authority of the State governments.
One of the infelicities of the holders of these
bonds is," that their interest may be taxed pre-
cisely like any other properly, because we made
no agreement to the contrary. In fact we taxed
them very much higher when we were selling
theui than we have taxed them since.
But the question now presented to us is,
what sort of a bond shall we issue to diminish
our interest and fundourdeht at a lower rale?
Shall we issue a four per cent, bond subject to
taxation? It might reasonably be said, " No
one will take a bond at a rate of interest so
much lower than the ordinary rate, if this in-
terest is to be subject to taxation." By exempt-
ing these bonds from taxation we discount out-
taxes in our interest. We say, as we have a
right to say, if you will lend ns money wo will
agree that no authority under this Government
shall tax the income, or the interest, or the
principal of the money loaned ; and that enters
into tli© contract; it is pari, ot' tho considera-
tion. That holds us and ought to do so.
The simple question of finance is, how are we.
to borrow this money? I therefore respectfully
ask of my friends on the other side of the House,
and also of the eloquent gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] whether there is any question
of constitutional law involved? The question
is not whether States can tax without the leave
of the Government. It isnot whether, when we
have not any proposition or covenant against
taxation, bonds may be taxed ; but it is the
simple, plain question whether we have power
to tax an untaxable bond with a low rate of
interest, where we threw in the tax, if I may
use that phrase, discounted it in order to
drive a good bargain. That is clearly within
our power, and, in my judgment, clearly within
the proper exercise of our discretion. It is a
proper mode of exercising our discretion.
Therefore, I desire this shall not be stricken
out, not that this property will thereby escape
taxation ; and I desire no man to go to the
people and say that we have issued a bond to
escape taxation ; but 1 wish them to go to the
people and say that we have discounted our
taxation on that bond in advance, and that we
have taken payment in advance, as we shall do
if we pass this at a low rate of interest and
fund under it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I am opposed to the with-
drawal of any amendment,, and for the reason
that I think we ought to have a vote. I object
to any further withdrawal of the amendment
to the amendment, and demand a vote.
Mr. HOLM AN. Is not the amendment open
to an amendment?
The SPEAKER. There is  n amendment
to the amendment pending, and further amend-
ment is not in order.
Mr. ITOLMAN. The amendment to the
amendment was withdrawn.
Mi'. SCHENCK. I objeet to the withdrawal
of a'ny amendment, and demand a vote. I
move that all further debate on this section be
closed in five minutes.
Mr. WOODWARD. I want five minutes in
which to reply to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I hopo I shall not
be cut off. -
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to make it ten minutes.
Mr. WOODWARD. I only ask for five
minntes.
As the gentlemen do not
each other, I think live
I wish to have an oppor-
1 move that the House do
-ayes
Mr. SCHENCK.
propose to answer
minutes is enough.
Mr. BINGI-JAM.
tunity to reply also.
Mr. McNEELY.
now adjourn.
The House divided ; and there were-
25, noes 08.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now insist on my motion,
that all further debate on the pending section
be closed in five minutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 ask the gentleman to
make it ten minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well, then, I will
make it ten minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WOODWARD. I am in favor of reliev-
ing the people by reducing the rati! of interest
on our public debt if we can do it by a four
per cent. loan. But, sir, we sit here under the
Constitution of the United States. We are
sworn to support it, and some of us respect that
oath. I hope we all do. Now, sir, what dis-
turbed my learnedfiiend from Ohio [Mr. Bikg-
ijam] so much was the suggestion that we have
no power to alienate, to give away, to sell, to
mortgage, to dispose of for a consideration, or
without a consideration, any of the constitu-
tional powers with which we are clothed. That
is my position. I say that it disturbed the
gentleman from Ohio; hut, as always happens
with my learned friend when pressed in argu-
ment, lie substituted another and a different
question. He quotes the constitutional clause
that Congress shall have power to borrow
money, as though that had anything to do with
the question under discussion.
The question raised by this amendment is
whether we can divest ourselves of our consti-
tutional power. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] argues with stately rhetoric
that the power given by the Constitution to
borrow money is an answer to that. I do not
see any relation between the argument and the
conclusion. I beg my friend from Ohio and
other gentlemen to rcllect that when the States
of this Confederacy formed the Constitution
they granted to Congress tho power to levy
and collect taxes, and that this is the vital
breath in the nostrils of the Government, with-
out which it cannot exist an hour. it is suicide
to part with it. it was devolved upon us as a
trust for the people. We are bound in all
proper eases to exercise it. When tho ques-
tion comes up in (his or any luture Congress
whether the bonds shall be taxed, that will be
a fair question then to consider. But now is
the time to consider whether we shall hamper
ourselves, whether we shall sell and convey
to foreign capitalists the constitutional power
which the people have vested in us and sworn
us to respect. That is the present question,
and the gentleman from Ohio does not touch
it by pointing to the clause in the Constitution
which authorizes us to borrow. The power to
borrow motley, like all the functions of the
legislative department, is ro be exercised
under and according to the Constitution.
I am dealing with the plain constitutional
necessity we are under to retain our right of
taxing thesebonds. I do notsay that we should
now exercise that right. If we want to borrow
money we must go into the market and pay
what the price of money is. My belief is that
when we go into the markets of Eurojie, with
a fair exhibition of our case, saying, " Here is
a bond, the interest on which is four per cent.;
we do not at present tax it; but Congress has
the power to tax it; it is a question whether it
shall be subject to the same taxation as other
money securitiesI conceive thatifwesend
representatives to deal with European capital-
ists in that way, the credit of our Government
in the great money centers of the world will be
improved by our respect for the Constitution.
They know what our Constitution is, if we do
not, and they know the people, who are the
source of power, will not submit patiently to a
palpable violation of that fundamental law.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I am not willing, so far as
this vote is concerned, that it shall be embar-
rassed by the propositions, eloquently as they
have been expressed, of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingiiam.] I agree with him that
these bonds cannot be taxed by State author-
ity. The Supreme Court has so decided ; right
or wrong, this is constitutional law as ex-
pounded by the Supreme Court. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] docs not him-
self deny tho proposition that the bonds now
issued are subject to national taxation. The
question 1 propose to present, and on which I
desire an expression of opinion on the part of
the House, is whether the power on the part
of the Federal Government to tax these new
bonds shall be retained or not. I propose so
to modify the proposition of my friend from
New York, [Mr. Mayham,] as to present the
simple naked question whether tho. taxing
power of the Federal Government shall be
retained or not, if the exigencies of the coun-
try should require it to be exercised. 1 there-
fore move to amend tho amendment proposed
by the gentleman from New York, so as to
St rike out from the section only the words " the
United States as well as from taxation;'' so
that that, part of the section will read :
Which said bonds and the interest thereon shall
be exempt from tho payment of all taxes or duties
in any form, by or under State, municipal, or local
authority.
Mr. MAYHAM. I accept that, proposition.
Mr. HOLMAN. It will leave the bonds ejr-
empl, as they are now, from State taxation,
but. will leave t,hem subject to Federal taxes.
And if thereby, by tho exercise of the taxing
power, we should reduce the interest to three
per cent, or three and a half per cent., I would
be ready to go before any non-bondholding
community in the United States on that issuo
in full confidence of being sustained by tliem.
I do not believe that the people of this country
are willing that the Government should a ban
don the power of taxation. They are not will-
ing to } ield this great power of sovereignly over
vast sums of favored wealth. And if it ia
ceded now to the bondholders—it never has
been ceded before in our history—it will not
be with the approval of the people. If the tax-
ing is not exercised, it at least should be re-
tained. Who may anticipate the exigencies of
the nation through a period of thirty years?
And now let me say a word as to the mode
in which these bonds'shall be paid. I speak, I
think with safety, in the name of the masses of
the people of the Northwest., and also of the
great body of the laboring men of the crmntiy
everywhere, when I say that it is demanded as
a matter of simple justice that thesebonds shall
be paid on the basis on which they were issued,
dollar lor dollar ; on the same basis in value;.
and their payment on any other basis is either
on the one hand an act of injustice to the bond-
holder, or an act of oppression upon the peo-
ple. If in money of less value you inflict
wrong upon the one, if of greater value you
oppress the other.
I say to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
