1248
THE GrKESSIOKAL GLOBE.
February 14,
of tb  eleventh loWa infantry, also a member of the
first low* infantry during its existence, and .having
also served as an enlisted man during the Mexican
war, is now totally and hopelessly blind and other-
wise disabled, as is believed from exposures and
hardships endured while in the service of his coun-
try; and whereas the origin of these disabilities is
not susceptible of that clear and undoubted proof,
tracing effeot to oause, required by the Pension
Bureau; and whereas Colonel Abercrombie, recently
bereft of a beloved wife, has three small children j
with no means for their or his support, having
already expended the accumulations he had been
able to make: Therefore. , •
Resolved by the Senate,(the House concurring,) That
our Senators and Representatives in Congress be
earnestly requested to use their best efforts to secure
the passage of an aot granting to Lieutenant Colonel
John C. Abercrombie a full pension, corresponding
to his rank in the service.
Resolved, That we tender to Colonel Abercrombie
our admiration for his heroic and patriotic services, , j
and our deep sympathy with him in his present
affliction. !!
Resolved, That the secretary of State be directed •
to forward a certified copy of this preamble and res- ■ j
olution to each of our Senators and Representatives
in Congress,, to Hon. W. W-. Belknap, Secretary of j
War, and to Colonel John C. Abercrombie* at Bur-
lington, Des Moines county, Iowa. ;
Mr, HOWELL. I move that the resolutions
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr* MORRILL, of Vermont I present the
petition of citizens of Peru, Vermont, stating
that the abuses of the franking privilege and
frauds' incident thereto have assumed such
enormous proportions that its total abolition
•jhas become & necessity; that it has been the
fruitful cause of large deficiencies charged upon
:the national Treasury and for the support of
the Post Office Department, amounting to mil-
lions of dollars yearly. I move that this peti-
tion be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of
Oliver Evans Woods, of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, stating a plan for the more certain
delivery of letters coming from foreign coun-
tries, and praying the adoption of the said
plan; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the proceedings of a meet-
ing of the German Society of Pennsylvania,
setting forth reasons in favor bf the plan of
.Oliver Evans Woods for the more certain de-
livery of letters coming from foreign countries;
which were referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
■Mr. HOWARD. I present the petition of
Sundry Citizens of Delta county, Michigan, and
also of Calhoun county and other localities in
the State of Michigan, praying for the total
abolition of the franking privilege for reasons
set forth in the memorial just presented by the
Senator from Vermont. I move that they be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
^ Mr. POMEROY. I desire to present a peti-
tion and a memorial signed, one by citizens
of Iowa and the other by citizens of New York,
representing that they are deprived of the right
of suffrage by reason of their sex; and they
further represent that they pay taxes, and that
they have intelligence sufficient to entitle them
to vote; but all the States and nearly all the
Territories deprive them of this right. . They
suggest either an amendmeot to the Constitu-
tion or some act of Congress by which their
right to vote, will be legalized. I move that
these petitions, with several whieh I .have had
the honor to present, be referred, if they have
not already been referred, to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HA MLIN presented the petition of B.
H. Wright, of the State of New York, praying
a return to him of a succession tax paid by him
under protest j which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims,
Mr. KELLOGG presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Lou-
isiana, remonstrating against any reduction of
the duty now fixed by law on Sugar and mo-
lasses ; which was referred to the Committee
on Fihance.
He also presented a memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of New Orleans, protesting
against a reduction of the present tariff on
molasses; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Louisiana, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. KELLOGG. I present, also, another
petition, very numerously signed by shipbuild-
ers, ship-carpenters, merchants, captains, and
owners of vessels throughout the States <5f the
South, and I ask that that petition be read, as
it is very important.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate and Home of Representative* of the
United States of America in Congress assembled :
Gentlemen : Your relators, the undersigned, ship-
builders,
owners <
owning  —- ;   _
American ships and vessels in and from and to the
different ports of the United States, respectfully
represent, that in view of the alarming decrease, in
thenumberof American vessels in the lastfewyears,
which we believe is owing in part to the great losses
during the late war, in part to local legislation, such
as port-wardens', harbor-masters', and port collect-
ors fees, pilotago where no service is rendered, city
taxes, &c.( and in great measure to theheavy national
taxes imposed upon the materials used in the build-
ing of vessels, and in their repair and outfit; and
calling you? attention to that fact, that by reason
thereof the ship-builders and outfitters of other
countries are enabled to contract for, build, and fur-
nish ships at a much lower figure than we can, and
have greater facilities and advantages than those
enjoyed by the mechanics of this country: There-
fore, your petitioners would respectfully ask—
First. The passage of a general law regulating the
taxes upon and fixing equal protection and taxation
upon vessels of the several States.
Second. For an act of Congress allowing a draw-
back of the duty upon all materials used in and
about the construction oCships and vessels and their
outfit and repair.
Third. For theestablishment of Government store-
houses, at which vessels may obtain stores, less all
duties.
• Fourth. For the repeal of the annual tonnage tax
of thirty cents per ton.
And your petitioners pray the; intervention of
Congress to protect all engaged in navigation from
all illegal.unnecessary, or onerous exactions of pilots,
port-wardens, harbor-masters, and port collectors,
by the passage of such an act as will prohibit the
passage of any and all laws levying duties or taxes
on vessels arriving at or departing from the differ-
ent ports of the United States, which duties and
taxes are very onerous at the present time.
And, as in duty bound, ydur petitioners will ever
pray.
The petition was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. COLE presented six petitions of Citizens
of California, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which Were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petition of A.
H. Perry, of North Carolina, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to tne select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Calvin F. Carson, of Alabama, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of the presi-
dent of the Texas State Medicat Association,
praying the enactment of a law conferring
upon the medical officers of the Navy such
relative rank and privileges in the service as
will protect them against the arbitrary conduct
of superior officers; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
He Also presented the joint memorial of the
Legislature of Alabama, asking the repeal of
the tai on spinning-cotton yarn; which was
referred to the Cotnmittee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Hon. D.
C. Humphreys, of Alabama, praying that the
political disabilities imposed on R. C. Torrey,
N. A. Agee,atid J. W. Posey, ofMonroe county;
John W. Portis, James Dickinson, and Stephen
B. Cleveland, of Clark county; William B. H.
Howard, John Y. Killpatfick, and S. Cam-
ming, of Wilcox county; C. E. Thames, Levi
W. Lawler, Thomas H. Herndon, and Jame3
Bond, of Mobile ; and Thomas B. Cooper, of
Cherokee county, be removed; which was re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
He also presented a petition from citizens
of Alabama, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petitions
of Elias Wall, Spartanburg county, South Caro-
lina; of Thomas Barham, New Kent county,
Virginia; of Benjamin P. Walker, Lynchburg,
Virginia; of Rice D. M. Charlton, Montgomery
county, Virginia; of B. D. Christian, New Kent
county, Virginia; of W. B. Price, Alexandria,
Virginia; of Richard F. Omohundro, Virginia;
of John B. Goode, Powhatan county, Virginia;
of James Booker, Prince Edward county, Vir-
ginia; of Thomas B. Evans, Middlesex county,
Virginia; of W. H. Gold, Winchester, Frederick
county, Virginia ; ofW. C. Holland, Calvert,
Texas; of W. P. Price, Lumpkin county, Geor-
gia; ofLanghorne Scruggs, Pittsylvania county,
Virginia; of John P.Bristow, Middlesex county,
Virginia; of A. J. Clark, Campbell county, Vir-
ginia ; of Edwin J. Amiss, Montgomery county,
Virginia; ofC. Pate, Bedford county, Virginia ;
of Alexander M. Mosely, Buckingham county,
Virginia; of JameS F. Fry, Albemarle county,
Virginia; of Gideon H. Brown, Rappahannock
county, Virginia; of B. D. Utterback, Fairfax,
Virginia ; of Jaeob H. Robinson, Lynchburg,
Virginia; of J.B.Jett, King George county, Vir-
ginia; of JohnP. Hughes,PrinceEdwardcoun-
ty, Virginia; of Thomas W. Blanton, Prince
Edward county, Virginia; of Granderson
Mosely, Buckingham county,Virginia ; ot'Peter
J. Hill, Nelson- county, Virginia); of William
M.- Hannah, Appomattox county, Virginia ; of
R. K. Irving, Buckingham county, Virginia;
.of^H. Allen, Di&widdie county, Virginia; of
John F. Rice, Prince Edward county, Virginia;
of J. Warren Hutt, .Westmoreland county, Vir-
ginia ;:of George W.; Boiling, Petersburg, Vir-
ffiftia ; of John, D. Davis, Amherst couuty,
Virginia-; of T. B. Barton, Fredericksburg,
Virginia j: of J. S. Calvert, Richmond, Henrico
county, Virginia ; of John W. Phillips, Han-
over-county, ^Virginia; pf Henty R. Carter,
Hanovet county, Virginia ; of L. B. Taylor,
Alexandria, Virginia; -of William F. Catlett,
Caroline county, Virginia; of James White-
head, of Prince Edward county, Virginia; of
Richard Greene, Culpepper county, Virginia;
of Cyrus A. Branch, James. City county, Vir-
ginia ; of Exum B. iSritt, Suffolk county, Vir-
gjuia; and of Andri Carli, Texas,jfjraying.the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition Of Citizens
of Indiana, praying for the abolition- tif the
franking privilege 5 Which was Ordered to life
on the table. ...
Mr. JOHNSTON presented a petition of
citizens of the county of Carroll, Virginia, pr ay-
ing that a pension be allowed the Surviving
soldiers of the war of 1812 and the widows ot
Such as are deceased 5 Which was ordered to
lie On the table.
He also presented the petitions of Peyton S.
Coles, Virginia; of Thomas S. Sangster, Fred-
erick county, Virginia; of M. R. Kaufman,
Winchester, Virginia; of Jacob D. Farrar,
Nelson county, Virginia; of George P •
loe, Thornsburg, Virginia; of William F. But-
ler, Richmond, Virginia; of R. B. Davis,
Louisa county, Virginia] of John R. Koogler,
Harrisonburg, Virginia; of Thomas J. Golding,
Carltoh, Virginia; of William Folkes, Henrico
county, Virginia; of Thomas Branch, Henrico
county, Virginia; of James S. Sharp, Abing-
don, Virginia^ of Robert J. Daiers, Lynchburg,
Virginia; of H. W. Holdway, Estillville, Scott
county, Virginia; of James Q* Wood, Es
ville, Scott county, Virginia; of Samuel B
ner, Washington county, Virginia; of w. u.
