4080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
June 4,
which my attention has been called the pro-
visions were hauled a great distance ai a very
great expense.
Mr. THAYER. Will my friend allow me
to say one word ? In the central superintend-
ency. embracing Kansas and the Indian terri-
tory, that may be true. They have charge of
certain tribes down there to which we may
make gratuities of that sort; but this amend-
ment refers solely to the six reservations within
the State of Nebraska, and does not apply out-
side of the State of Nebraska.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say one word
further in regard to the operations of the
Society of Friends. I have lived in their midst
all ray life, and I know something about their
spirit and purpose and their enterprise in mat-
ters of this kind. 1 will say that the Society
of Friends throughout the United States take
the deepest interest in the condition of the
Indians, and the whole Society are now taking
a profound interest in the experiment that is
being tried by these new agents. They are
giving their attentiou to it as a Society. In
the first place, they have selected the agents,
men that they believe are honest and capable
to take the appointments at the hands of the
Government. In the next place, they appoint
committees among their older men, the most
responsible and wealthy men of the Society,
■who without compensation go among the tribes,
visit these agencies, and examine into their
condition, and see that their agents are doing
their duty.
We can scarce understand the amount of
interest the Quakers are taking in the experi-
ment that is now being tried, and I desire to
see it have a lair trial. I have the utmost
faith iu its success. They have been more
successful heretofore in dealing with the In-
dians, from the time of the first settlement iu
Pennsylvania, than any other society or any
other class of people in this country. The
Indians have more faith in their integrity.
Wherever the Indians are acquainted with the
Quakers they believe iu them, they rely upon
them, and the Quakers have a powerful influ-
ence over them. I believe that the experiment
which is now being tried, if it shall have a fair
trial, will result successfully and have the
happiest results. I know it is unselfish on the
part of the Quakers; it is done from pure
benevolence; it is part of the very spirit of
the Society. They have no selfish or sinister
purpose in it. They believe they can do some-
thing for the elevation of the Indian tribes
and they want to try it; and 1 can say to the
Senate that the Society of Friends is spending
a large amount of money in this matter out-
side of what the Government appropriates.
They want the Government to give as much as
it will for the purpose of carrying out their
enterprise; but they are putting their hands
in their own pockets for that purpose. I have
the highest opinion of the purposes and the
spirit of this enterprise on the part of the
Quakers. J want to see it have a fair chance
for success.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, my colleague
affirms as his opinion that so far as the Quaker
policy is concerned, it has not been more
successful than the previous policy. Being a
member of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
he has a right to speak with more authority on
this subject than 1 possibly could. I believe
he is accurate in regard to that declaration;
and it it is true that the Friends are succeed-
ing with their policy, they are certainly start-
ing off on the very basis that wo have always
seen carried out; for fathers, brothers, sons-in-
law, and all who are able to take salaries, I
understand, in some of the agencies at least,
are being patronized. They are taking care
of their own interests, as they always do, in a
pecuniary point of view. There is certainly
no improvement so far as that is concerned;
but they are demonstrating to the country that
there is a great deal of human nature in man
ongeneral principles everywhere. [Laughter.]
So far as the necessity of an. additional out-
lay for agricultural implements for these Indian
tribes is concerned, I doubt it. Why? Because
heretofore the plow has stood idle because of
the want of industry on the part of these tribes
to follow and plant in the furrow after it has
been turned by the munificence of this Gov-
ernment to them. So far as I am acquainted
with these agencies there is machinery enough
there now to open all the land that these men
will work. Their squaws perform labor under
the coercion of their lords and masters, and
such lords and masters as graced this Senate
Chamber gallery yesterday. Their squaws work
and raise a small amount of corn. The braves
who slaughter a.nd brain our defenseless chil-
dren, who ravish the women upon the plains
and within the limits of our States, the braves
cannot condescend to follow your Indiana reap-
ers and your Ohio plows. That is not in accord-
ance with their dignity ; and yet for these idle,
wretched, vagabond savages, after we are ful-
filling in the spirit of humanity and the spirit
of justice every one of our treaty stipulations
with them, while every dollar that is demanded
by a treaty is being pledged here now in this
bill, you ask us to overstep that limit and to
go iuto these communities where the farmer,
with the reaper and the plow and the mower,
is to instruct them; where they have the black-
smith and the blacksmith shop; where they
have the miller and the mill running at your
expense—after all this is done, and when their
cabins arc better to-day than the cabins of
half the preiimptors and recent settlers on our
plains and around about their reservations,
you ask us to go in and go further in our grants
of money than is required by the treaty stipu-
lations, for the purposeof experimenting, when
this experiment has been going on there tor
years past, as it has gone on in the other agen-
cies. You may go to them now and expect to
see some advance in agriculture, but you will
find not one particle. They are still sitting in
their wigwams, as their fathers did before
them, making no advance whatever in agri-
culture, while our poor homestead settlers all
around, with their own hard hands, are making
livings, and will ultimately make fortunes ; and
that is the way the thing stands to-day.
As a citizen of Nebraska I might selfishly ask
you for the utmost outlay of money, so that
our constituents might be beneficed by it; but
I will not in this case, if you offered $500,000,
to be expended to-day among the farmers of
Nebraska to benelitthese tribes, overand above
what they are getting under your treaty stipula-
tions, I would look every constituent of mine
in the face and say, "You shall not have the
benefit of that outlay of 5500,000, for there is
no earthly necessity to tax the people of this
country any further for these tribes than to live
up fairly and squarely and manfully to our
treaty stipulations with them." If you will
give us the §30,000 you offer here for the pur-
pose of paying our constituents for their prop-
erty stolen, for their crops destroyed, then we
will talk to you about munificence afterward;
but not until then.
I ask the Senate, therefore, to vote this
money where it is more needed than it is in
this direction. If you grant this additional
outlay, and confine these Indians to their res-
ervations, then what have you ? All over pop-
ulous States you have them hedged in by farm-
ing communities, that will sweep around them
and overshadow them and bury them in by
their enterprise, and you leave them there as
a canker in the heart of the body-politic of the
State of Nebraska and other States. I will
grant you the money for their removal to homes
where they may have a country that they may
claim for themselves, and where'they may be
permanently educated and permanently in-
structed, and then I will grantas large amounts
annually for the purpose of experimenting,
over and above what justice demands, as any
other man on the floor of the Senate. But
while this amount isasked to be thus expended
there, you are asking us for other large and
larger amounts for the purpose of feeding
Others where there is no treaty stipulation
whatever.
You say that Quaker policy is a success, and
the only way to keep the peace is to feed and
feed and feed, and let one portion of the peo
pie of this country work and work and work
and toil, in order that your agents may go and
feed and feed and feed to save the lives of the
rest of your population. The system is rot-
ten ; the system is false; the system can no
longer be maintained or endured. The only
way in which this matter can be settled is by
reservations guarded around by bayonets;
reservations over the limits of which the In-
dian shall not pass, and through the lines of
which the white man may not pass ; reserva-
tions with walls as high as necessary, and with
pitfalls as deeo as necessary.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, my friend
from Indiana will bear in mind that in my re-
marks I made no reflection upon the Quakers.
Mr. MORTON. Not at all.
Mr. THAYER. Those who have taken
charge of the tribes in Nebraska, as far as I
have observed, are faithful, honest agents,
and they are there with an honest purpose ;
but I desire to state, in reply to the remarks
of my friend from Indiana, one result of the
introduction of the Friends into that superin-
tendency, and it is embodied in this statement:
there have been more murders of peaceful citi-
zens on the frontier, there has been a greater
destruction of the property of citizens on the
frontier of Nebraska during the last year than
there has been during the previous eight years
of the existence of Nebraska as a Territory
and a State. I assert that as a fact, advisedly.
Mr. MORTON. You do not attribute that
to Quaker influence'?
Mr. THAYER. Not to them intentionally.
I say they are there with an honest purpose ;
they have gone there with the intention of
doing good to the Indians ; but here is the evil:
the impression has obtained among the Indians
that the Quakers are there to take particular
charge of them and protect them in whatever
they may choose to do. It has imparted this
spirit among the Indians, that the Quakers
have been sent out to take particular charge of
them and protect them, and that if they do
wrong the Quakers will shield them. I know
about what I am talking. This result has been
produced. The Quakers did not intend it, they
are not responsible for it; but this impression
has gotten among the Indians, that if they do
wrong, if they commit a murder, if they destroy
property, the Quaker agent will shield them
from the consequences of their acts. Now, I
tell my friend from Indiana that that is one
result of this Quaker policy.
The President of the United States very prop-
erly determined to change the policy of the
Government, toward the Indians, and'he per-
mitted the Friends to select two superintend-
ences. I respect the purpose and the intention
of the President; there was a necessity for a
change. He could not determine what was
the best policy ; but he determined to permit
the Friends to assume charge of two superin-
tendences. They selected, one branch of them,
the northern superinteudeucy, which is in the
State of Nebraska; and the other branch of
them selected the central superinteudency,
which is Kansas and a portion of the Indian
territory. As I said before, the proper field in
which to try this experiment was among the hos-
tile Indians beyond these superintendencies.
There was the field for the exercise of these
peaceful influences which it was supposed they
could exert upon the Indians. But they thought
proper to select these two supcrintendencie
the tribes in which were at peace.
I cannot recall one single difficulty between
the tribes in Nebraska and the settlers during
the last eight years. I have asked my col-
leagues, and they do not remember of any. If
there has been one it escapes my mind. If
