1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3137
number of persons whose accounts have been
audited, the amount which is due to them,
which is absolutely fixed, and another small
amount which mayor may not be due to other
persons, the wholearaounting, I should say, to
$225,000. These claims, if they had been pre-
sented before the money appropriated for them
had been covered into the Treasury, would
doubtless have been paid. It was thought bet-
ter by the Committee on Appropriations to
report this bill which came from the Committee
on Claims in the form in which it oame to
them than to put it into one of the regular
appropriation bills. That is the whole of it.
If any of these persons have been disloyal I
have no idea that they will receive any pay;
but if it be thought wise to append to this bill
a proviso that the persons who are to be paid
shall take the oath of July 2, 1862, so far as it
is applicable to this matter, the expurgafory
part of it, I certainly have no objection. It
will not, in my opinion, alter the operation of
the act one tittle; but if it is desired to add a
proviso of that sort I have no objection, if any
Senator sees fit to offer it. I hope, however,
that the passage of the bill will not be delayed,
becausc these claimants have been kept out of
their money for many years, and it is justly
due to them.
Mr. SCJMNER. If the Senator accepts the
proviso which I have proposed I Bhall make
no objection.
Mr. SAWYER. There is one part of the
oath of July 2, 1862, which would not be ap-
plicable. That is the part requiring the- party
to swear that he will perform the duties to
which he has been appointed faithfully. The
ezpargatory part of the oath is proper enough.
I have no objection to accepting that as an
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
pass over this bill until the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts can prepare his amendment.
Mr. CONKLLNG. It will take but a mo-
ment. He can suggest it verbally.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest this amendment:
Provided, That no money shall he paid to any
claimant until he has taken theoath required by the
, act of Congress of July 2, 1862, SO far as the same is
applicable to the case.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend from' Mas-
sachusetts will allow me, I will say that*in one
of the Bills we have passed, I think the bill
in regard to cotton claims, there is phraseology
wed which I think is much better than requir-
ing the teat-bath. Some men might commit
perjury in order to get this money. The test-
oath is not the best test in my judgment. There
is a provision in the cotton-claim act which
requires them to prove affirmatively that they
have been loyal men during the war. I think
that is better. It operates better in practice.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I have no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. We should require them
to produce positive proof of their loyalty.
Mr. SUMNER. Then say:
claimant shall prove to the
too^hou?thewM. Partment that U l0yal
Mr. SAWYER. This proviso in the Mil
now covers that ground exactly:
at I'aTt ot any such balance shall
tic'mnt^ -or.un J0000"' of any claimant who par-
comfort 8 rel>oUion, 01 ®av® to it aid or
,J,3,thenDePartraent 80'ln£t0 take his word for
• t'le Department, in the proper
i,18 ^i^es, going to demand proof
u ? °®cer under this proviso
w claim until that fact was proved.
wr" SUMNER. I think the statute had
vfer £°.n'am a positive requirement.
^Mr. SAWYER. This is a positive
Not positive. We should
isfacto6 Department shall require sat-
thisKin'^^ER. If the Senator will allow
to go over for the time.being and not
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 197.
betti
. positive require-
object to its being called up again we can pre-
pare a proper amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not object-
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be passed over for
the time being.
i The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) If there be no objection
this bill will lie over informally, and the next
bill will be read.
[ black bob indian lands.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 173) in relation to
the sale of the Black Bob Indian lands in
Kansas.
Mr. ROSS. I ask that that be passed oyer
informally. •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the joint resolution will be sodis-;
posed of. j
friend a. brainard.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1611) for the relief of Friend A.
Brainard ; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Friend A. Brainard, |
of Bridport, Vermont, the sum of $300, that
sum having been improperly exacted of him j
as commutation money in 1863, while he was !
still suffering from wounds received in battle'
while a soldier in the Army of the United
States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amend ment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
janes, fowler, kirtland and company. ■
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. li. No. 1667) for the relief of Janes, Fow-
ler, Kirtland & Co.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to |
direct the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
'Janes, Fowler, Kirtland & Co., of New-York,
contractors for building the Dome of the Cap-
itol at Washington, the sum of-$60,000, in full
satisfaction of all claim for losses or damages
arising from the action of the Government in
stopping, ordering, and directing the construc-
tion of the work.
Mr. SUMNER. Is there a report in that
case?
Th« PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
Honse report.1 ■
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report;
but was interrupted by
Mr. POMEROY. That matter has been
discussed here at great length, and Senators
who interested themselves in thedebateare net
present at this moment. I think the bill ought
not to pass.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] who is usually interested in
that business is not in his seat.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, tbe bill will be passed-over.
schooners zenos snow and patriot.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 869) to authorize the issuing of a
certificate of registry or enrollment to the
schooners Zenos Snow and Patriot; which;
was considered as in Committee of the Whole, j
The preamble recites that the schooners Zenos
Snow and Patriot are American-built vessels,
and have become denationalized by a sale of
a small fraction of each to a foreigner, who has i
since become naturalized; and after seizure
by the United States the vessels have been, i
under the laws, restored to the owners by the '
Treasury Department. The bill therefore au-1
thorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to issue j
a certificate of registry or enrollment to the \
schooners Zenos Snow and Patriot. j
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
helen m. stansbury.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 484) for the relief of Helen M. Stans-
bury, widow of Major Howard Stansbury, do-
ceased; which was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior is directed by the bill to place on the pea-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of Helen
M. Stansbury, widow of Major Howard Stans-
bury, and pay her a pension at the rate of
, twenty-five dollars per month from April 13,
j 1868, deducting therefrom all payments made
j upon the certificate she now holds,
j Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand how
i the widow of a major gets a pension of twenty-
five dollars a month.
1 Mr. EDMUNDS. The reason is that the law
says the widow of a major shall have twenty-
five dollars a month for a total disability. The
widow of a captain gets twenty dollars. The
Pension Office allowed this lady twenty dollars
on the ground that the Pension Office thought
that the disability originated while her husband
was a captain. On looking at the evidence
the committee was satisfied that the disability
originated while he was a major, and that she
is justly entitled to a major's pension.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
oregon and california railroad.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 638) amendatory of an act granting
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the Central Pacific
railroad, in California, to Portland, in Ore-
gon, approved July 25, 1866 ; which was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out all
of the original bill after the enacting clause, in
the following words:
That the company which may have been desig-
nated by the Legislature of the State of Oregon to
construct that part of the California and Oregon
railroad lying and being in the State of Oregon be,
and the same are hereby, authorized to file with the
Secretary of the Interior, in advance of the map of
actually surveyed route, a map designating as near
as may bo the lino of ronte of said road in Oregon;
and upon the filing of said map the Secretary of the
Interior shall order the withdrawal, in tho usual
manner, of the lands granted to said company, on
each side of the line of route thus designated, as fast
as the' same may be surveyed and plats of survey
filed with the Commissioner of tho General Land
Office: Provided, however, That when the line of
road shall be actually surveyed and map filed with
the Secretary of the Interior, showing said line in
connection with the public surveys, then the said
Secretary shall order an adjustment of the limits of
tlie grant to said line, and the lands falling-within
those limits and so othershall inure to thecompaoy,
and the lands Which may have been withdrawn but
fall outside of said limits shall be restored to the
public domain.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That the Oregon and California Railroad Com-
pany, now engaged in the construction of so much of
said road tus is provided for in the act to which this
is amendatory, as lies in tbe State of Oregon, be, and
they are hereby, authorized and entitled, under sueh
rules and regulations as may be prescribed hy the
Secretary of the Interior, to receive all moneys now
unpaid for odd sections taken under the preemption
laws or sold since the passage of said act, within the
limits of said grant therein provided for, and also,
under like rules and regulations, to receive all
moneys that may hereafter become due for odd sec-
tions in, or found to bo within said limits; and if
inclusive of said receipts it shall be determined that
the amount of ten sections per mile on each side of
said road cannot be obtained under the provisions of
said act, then it shall be lawful for said company to
make up the deficiency from the ten odd sections out-
side and nearest to the exterior limits of said grant.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
hintos rowan iielpbr.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(8. No. 789) toanthorize the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to settle and close the
account of Hinton Rowan Helper; which was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle and
close the accounts of Hinton Rowan Helper,
