3138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
late consul of the United States at Buenos
Ayres, set forth and referred to in his memo-
rial to Congress, under date of January 17,
1870, upon the principles of justice and equity;
but no money is to be paid out of the Treasury
in effecting a final settlement.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us hear the report.
Mr. POMEROY. There appears to be no
EDMUNDS. Then I hope we shall
have an explanation of it.
Mr. SPENCER. There is no written report.
Mr. Helper's memorial, which is long, explains
the whole case. This bill is only for the pur-
rose of enabling him to settle his accounts,
t does not take any money out of the Treas-
ury, and the Government will not lose anything ,
by it. I
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the memorial be |
read. We ougbt to know what the case is I |
think.
The Secretary proceeded to read the memo-
rial, as follows:
To At luHutrable Senatort and
Ji*pre*mktative* of Ike American Ckngrmt :
Several times within the last seven yean through
the Department of State, and once in a more direct
manner, have I solicited at your hands what I feel
to be not merely a measure of justice in my own
behalf, but also an act of fairness in furtherance of
the iligsity and honor of the Government of the
United States. I allude to the oircumstanees which
grew ont of my acceptance, tenure, and resignation
of the office of United States consul at Bunos Ayres.
In addressing you thus again I trust that I may
be fortunate enough to secure more effectually your
honorable attention; and in order that you may be
enabled to arrire, without further delay, at an equit-
able decision of the points involved, I respectfully
present to you the following statement of facts, some
of which, although they may at first appear rather
irrelevant, will, f think, help to a more rightful and
thorough understanding of the whole ease.
More than a doxen years ago, when lookingabroad
over the southern States and takinga general survey
of our whole country, I first became convinced of the
ntardative and pernicious influences of slavery, I at
once, without stopping to count contingent expense;,
placed myself in an attitude of uncompromising
opposition to that system of manifold ana gigantio
wrong, and was firmly resolved to share with all pos-
sible calmness and content whatever consequences
might overtake me in the efforts, however humble or
unavailing, which 1 felt called upon to make for its
final overthrow. At that time I owed no man in the
world a dollar and had something in reservo. Since
then I have not seen a day that I was free from
debt 
Mr. THAYER. I should like to inquire the
length of that memorial?
The Secretary. Nineteen pages.
Mr. THAYER. I think the further reading
of it should be dispensed with. It does not
seem to bear on the question.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumner] can probably explain
the bill briefly.
Mr. SUMNER. This bill is not reported
from the Committee on Foreign Relations. It
comes from the Committee on Commerce. But
I do know something abont the case.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
explain it.
Mr. SUMNER. What I know is this: Mr.
Helper was our consul 
Mr. THAYER. I do not object to the con-
sideration of the bill, but I object to the read-
ing of that report.
_ Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is mistaken;
it is a petition.
Mr. THAYER. I beg pardon; I should
have said "memorial."
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Helper was for some
time the consul of the United States at Buenos
Ayres, and while there he received considerable
fees, which were paid into the Treasury of the
United States; but his salary was not adequate
to his .support. He ran in debt, and is now
very much embarrassed by the obligations which
lie incurred while in the discharge of bis duties
as consul of the United States; and he now
conies before us and asks relief. He would
like the largest possible relief. The relief pro-
posed by the committee, as I understand, is to
authorize the Department to audit his accounts,
and should any balance be found due him
equitably to pay it, I presume out of the surplus
fees.
Mr. SPENCER. To give him credit for it.
Mr. SUMNER. To give him credit for it.
Now the fact is Mr. Helper was out of pocket
there. I understand that he was an excellent
consul. Many of us remember him in another
relation of a political character. We all know
a work of his that had at the time great celeb- 1
rity. But I believe he made an excellent
consul, and I think he deserves, as he also
needs, some additional allowance.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I think I can state
the ground on which the Committee on Com-
merce make the report in this case. Mr.
Helper was our consul at Buenos Ayres. He
reported to the State Department that he was
unable to sustain himself in that position upon
the salary he received. He sent his resignation
to the Department, and requested them to ac-
cept it unless his salary could be raised. That
resignation waa not accepted. He did_ not
desert his post; he maintained his position ;
he discharged all the duties of his position,
and then repeated the tender of his resigna-
tion, which was not accepted. He still per-
formed the duties of his office, and was not
relieved, as the Committee on Commerce
thought he ought to have been, at the time
he tendered his resignation. They therefore
thought he was entitled to some consideration,
and this is the least that could be granted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if this bill could not be made general ? I have
had several letters myself from consuls who
have told me that their pay was inadequate.
The chairman of the Committee on Commerce
and the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations, I presume, have also received
such letters.
Mr. SUMNER. I have received a great
many.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we could make this
bill general, so as to pay all consuls and minis-
ters a sufficient sum to enable them to hold
their positions, it might save this special legis-
lation. I move to amend this bill by adding
" and that the accounts of all other consuls be
settled upon the same principle."
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. This bill is not based
upon the ground that a man is entitled to more
salary becanse he spends more than bis in-
come, but simply upon the ground that this
gentleman tendered his resignation as consul,
and after be had tendered his resignation, and
a long time elapsed, he ought to have been
relieved from duty.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to repeat the re-
mark I made a moment ago, as the Senator
from Illinois rather appealed to me, that this
bill does not come from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and that my acquaintance
with it is only incidental; but I am bound to
testify that in my judgment Mr. Helper was a
good and meritorious officer, and that he does
deserve some addition to his compensation—
that he did not receive enough. And here
allow me to add that during this session I
received a communication from our minister
at Buenos Ayres, Mr. Kirk, expressly testify-
ing to the services of Mr. Helper, and that in
his judgment he was entitled to what I would
call back pay; in short, he ought to receive an
additional allowance from Congress. I laid
that communication before the Committee on
Foreign Relations, but the subject had not
been referred to us, and therefore we took no
action upon it. This bill comes from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, who I doubt not have
considered it. I hope it will not be embar-
rassed by the proposition of the Senator from
Illinois, for in my judgment the case of Mr.
Helper is peculiar; to use a term which I have
heard a good deal on the'floor lately, it is sui
generis. I do not think there is any case pre-
cisely like it. At any rate, I am sure it is a
meritorious case, and therefore we cannot err
if we. make an allowance.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Con-
necticut has stated the case precisely as it
stood before the committee. The bill was re-
ported solely upon the ground that Mr. Helper
had tendered his resignation years before it
was accepted; that lie remained at his post
and performed the duties of the office, expect-
ing an advance in his salary or the acceptance
of his resignation. _ If the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois should be adopted there
would be no end of that class of claims, for I
think there is not a consul abroad who does
not consider his salary inadequate. I have
never heard of one who did not think he ought
to have an increase. Each consul believes that
the whole dignity of this great Government is
upon him, and it costs an immense amount of
money to support so much dignity. [Laughter.]
They are all miserably paid according to their
own ideas.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I happen to know alittle
about this consulate at Buenos Ayres. I recol-
lect that we had the subject up a year ago, and
at that time I understood that the then consul
was the only one who had ever returned a sur-
plus of fees, although it seems to be stated
now that Mr. Helper returned a surplus. It
was stated, I recollect, at that time that the
then consul was the first consul who had re-
turned a surplus; and the salary, I think, was
slightly raised. I have been informed that at
Buenos Ayres the compensation of the consnl
is inadequate, perhaps more so than at other
places. I think that the bill ought to embrace
at least the successor of Mr. Helper as well as
Mr. Helper himself. I do not know whether
the gentleman to whom I refer was the imme-
diate successor of Mr. Helper or not; but the
consal who has been there within the last two
or three years was broken up by being there.
He did not get as much compensation as his
expenses amounted to. Why not let this bill,
if there is objection to including all consuls,
embrace Mr. Helper and his successors at that
port? Is there any objection to that?
Mr. CHANDLER. In the new consular bill
that I have reported and expect to pass at this
session we increase the salary of the consul at
Buenos Ayres.
Mr, TRUMBULL. That would not help
Mr. Helper'b successor, who has already gone
ont of office. I know the consul at Buenos
Ayres at one time was Mr. Hollister, a gentle-
man from Illinois, and it was stated here a year
ago, when there was some discussion of his
case, that he had returned to the Government
a large amount of fees.
Mr. SUMNER. Has he made any appli-
cation for an addition?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He did make applica-
tion last year. I do not know that there is
any pendiug application now. He did make
application last year, and it was in connection
with that that the discussion arose. I would
inquire of the Senator from Michigaarvif he
has any objection to an amendment that will
embrace Mr. Hollister'8 case?
Mr. CHANDLER. I think each case had
better stand on its merits. If Mr. Helper's
successor has a just claitn, or a similar claim,
he can present it, I should dislike to see
any general legislation which would bring the
whole consular system on our shoulders.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Illinois propose an amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not persist in the
amendment if the Senator objects to it. I
think it would be just in reference to Mr. Hollis-
ter, from what Iknowofthe case, that he should
be put on the same footing with Mr. Helper ;
I will not offer an amendment if Senators ob-
ject.
I The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
| SERVICES IN TAKING CENSUS OF I860.
I: Mr. SAWYER. I have prepared an amend-
II ment to Senate bill No. 99 which 1 think will
