1250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
Mr. SUMNER. May I inquire of the chair-
man when the committee will be ready to re-
port on that ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The chairman is not able
to inform the Senator from Massachusetts.
There has been a recent change in the Com-
mittee on Pensions. Before that change oc-
curred the committee had made considerable
Frogress in considering that subject, and had,
believe, come to a resolution on the subject;
but a change having taken place in the mem-
bers of the committee, it was thought better to
consider it again. I have no doubt it will be
reported in ample season for the action of the
Senate, one way or the other.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 785) to provide lor furnishing arti-
ficial limbs to disabled soldiers, reported it with
amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the'bill (S. No. 459) to authorize
the settlement of the accounts of officers of
the Army and Navy, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
72) providing for the repair of the inclosure
of the cemetery at Harper's Ferry, West Vir-
ginia, reported it without amendment.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 102) for the relief of the daughters of
General Charles F. Smith, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the bill (S.
No. 290) to secure and protect the freedom of
transit within the United States, the bill (S.
No. 303) in relation to the rights of members
of Congress, and the bill (S. No. 274) further
to define and regulate the jurisdiction and
powers of the courts of the United States, have
instructed me to report these several bills back
adversely with the recommendation that they
be indefinitely postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no objection
be made these bills will be indefinitely post-
poned. >
Mr. MORTON. I object to the indefinite
postponement of the bill in regard to protecting
the freedom of transit in the United States,
and ask to have that laid on the table for the
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will lie on
the table, and the others will be indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it go on the Calendar.
Mr. MORTON. Yes; let it go on the Cal-
endar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
be taken. That bill will be placed on the Cal-
endar, and the others indefinitely postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the same commit-
tee, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 79) to authorize the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue to offer and pay rewards
for the detection of any person charged with
murdering or attempting to mnrder any officer
of the internal revenue service, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Finance;
which was agreed to. .
He also, from the same committee, who were
directed by a resolution of the Senate to inquire
whether any further legislation is necessary for
the protection of public meetings in the District
of Columbia, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition praying for the restor-
ation to the District of Columbia of that por-
tion of the District lying south of the Potomac
river, in which Alexandria is situated, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 93) declaring that no State has power
to enforce any tax or duty upon any passenger
traveling into, through or from, to any other
State, Territory, or district of the United States,
and has no power by contract with any corpo-
ration or individual engaged in the transporta-
tion of passengers, or as a condition in any
charter, to reserve to itself any portion or part
of the gross receipts from such passengers, and
that it is the duty of Congress by appropriate
legislation to prevent the collection of such
taxes or duties upon passengers, have instructed
me to report it back, and to ask to have it
indefinitely postponed. I will state in this con-
nection that the Committee on Commerce have
reported a bill upon that same subject. This
joint resolution is merely declaratory; and a
bill having been reported from another com-
mittee of this body, we ask to be discharged
from its further consideration.
Mr. MORTON. I ask that that resolution
be not indefinitely postponed, but placed on
the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar, with the adverse report of the
committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 373) supplementary to an act to pro-
vide for the summary trial of minor offenses
against the laws of the United States, ap-
proved June 11,1864, reported that it be indef-
initely postponed; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a-bill (S. No. 385) to prevent the
collection of taxes on property exempt from
taxation, reported adversely thereon, and in
favor of its indefinite postponement.
Mr. HOWARD. Let that bill go on the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go on the
Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred the memorial of printers
and binders who were employed in the Public
Printing Office in 1861 and 1862, praying for
the payment of wages illegally withheld from
them, as they allege, ask to be discharged from
its further consideration. The committee are
of opinion that there is no legal obligation on
the part of the United States to pay these print-
ers and binders anything. They may have an
equitable claim, but they have no legal rights,
in the opinion of the committee, according to
the statement of their own grievance.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the same commit-
tee, to whom was referred a petition of citizens
of North Carolina, praying for the extension of
the bankrupt law, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 339) giving pri-
ority to certain cases to which a State is a party
in the courts of the United States, reported it
with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of W. Patton, of
Towanda, Pennsylvania, against negro suf-
frage, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 494) for the relief
of William A. Griffin, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Claims; which
was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of William
F. Nelson, hospital chaplain United States
Army, praying that he may be compensated
for quarters not furnished by the Government,
submitted a report thereon ; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 408) in relation to the judge of the
district court of the United States in the dis-
trict of Kentucky, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be indefi-
nitely postponed ; which was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am also instructed
by a majority of that committee, to whom were
referred various memorials in favor of increas-
ing the salary of several judges of the United
States, and the bill (S. No. 30G) to increase
the salaries of the Chief Justice and associate
justices of the Supreme Court of the United
States, to report the bill back with an amend-
ment, and recommend its passage. I was
requested by the Senator from Vermont who is
a member of that committee, [Mr. Edmunds,]
l in case he did not happen to be in his seat
when this report was made, as I see he is not,
to state that he is entirely opposed to this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to say, as one
member of the committee, that I dissent from
the report just made by the Senator from Wis-
consin in favor of the increase of salaries.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move that the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill (S.
No. 330) to provide for a building to be used
for a post office, revenue officers, United States
court-room, and for judicial officers, in the city
of Wilmington, in the State of North Carolina,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
pay op virginia senators.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a letter of the
Secretary of the Senate in regard to the time
when the compensation of the Senators from
the State of Virginia should commence, have
instructed me to make a report accompanied
by a resolution. It had better be acted on
now.
The report was read, as follows:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the letter of the Secretary as to the date
when the compensation of Hon. J. W. Johnstox
and Hon. J. F. Lewis, Senators from the t-tatc of
Virginia, should commence, beg leavo to report :
That they regard the principle of the question sub-
mitted by the Secretary as settled by the Senate on
the 25th of July, 1868, by the adoption of a resolution
directing the Secretary to pay the Senators from the
State of Arkansas from the 22dday of June, 1868, and
the Senators from Florida, North Carolina, South
Carolina, and Louisiana, from the 25th day of June,
1868, being the dates when said States were by law
respectively declared entitled to representation in
Congress. They therefore reoommend for adoption
the following resolution:
liesolved, That the Secretary be directed to pay
the Senators from the State of Virginia the com-
pensation allowed by law from the 26th day of Jan-
uary, 1870, the date of the act declaring said State
entitled to representation in the Congress of the
United States.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhebson, its clerk, announced
that that House had passed the following joint
resolutions ; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate :
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 133) for the
refunding of the hospital money collected of
the whaling bark Hamilton ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 156) author-
izing the sale of certain lauds at Springfield,
Massachusetts, and for other purposes.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (S.
No. 435) for the temporary relief of the poor
and destitute people in the District of Colum-
bia ; and it thereupon received the signature
of the Vice President.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, (by request, as
he stated,) asked, and by unanimous consent
