2194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
bia Railway Company of the District of Colum-
bia; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 78) relative to
the establishment of a light-station on the
Choptank river, in Maryland.
CADETSHIPS GENERAL A. SCHOEPF.
Mr. LOGAN. I now ask action on the next
resolution reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas the testimony presented to the House of
Representatives on the 16th instant, as taken by the
Committees on Military Affairs in tho case of It. R.
Butler, clearly shows that General A. Schoepf, one
of tho examiners in the Patent Office, was engaged
in lending himself as a medium through which money
should pass for corrupt purposes: Therefore,
Jteiolved, That tho evideneo in said ease bo placed
in tho hands of the Secretary of the Interior, and
that he be requested at once to remove said Schoepf
from the position of examiner of patents, as an im-
proper person to have or hold so responsible a posi-
tion under the Government.
Mr. ARNELL. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] to allow me to mako a
suggestion.
Mr. LOGAN. I will hear it.
_Mr. ARNELL. I ask the gentleman to allow
this matter to be referred to the Secretary of
the Interior for his consideration without any
proposition whatever for the removal of Gen-
eral Schoepf; or that he allow this resolution
to be recommitted to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs for further examination.
Mr. LOGAN. I will say to tho gentleman
that General Schoepf has already resigned
on account of this testimony; but the commit-
tee had agreed upon this report before we
learned of his resignation ; hence we ask the
adoption of the resolution merely as an expres-
sion of the House upon the subject. But even
if that was not the ease, I could not myself
consent to tho modification proposed.
Mr. ARNELL. I ask the gentleman to allow
mo to move an amendment. As I understand,
this resolution is a direct attack upon the char-
acter of General Schoepf without giving him
an opportunity to defend himself even if it
could be done.
Mr. LOGAN. He had ample opportunity
so far as that is concerned. I do not think it
is any attack at all, but a mere statement of
facts and a request of the Secretary of the In-
terior to act upon them ; that is all.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman yield
to mc for a few moments?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. I admit to the House
frankly, and in the outset of what I am about to
say, that I feel an interest and a sympathy for
tha gentleman accused. I have known him now
for many years. As his name indicates, he is
notanativeof thiscountry. Butperliaps some
in this House may not know his early history.
Ho is a Hungarian by birth, and was connected
with Kossuth in his great attempts about twenty
years ago. When they resulted disastrously
he came to this country a young man. As I
understand, his ancestry belonged to that class
of Hungarians known in history as the Mag-
yars. _ He was well educated, distinguished
alike in military and in civil accomplishments.
Alter his arrival in this country he obtained
a position in the Patent Office. While there
he attracted the attention and acquired the
confidence of Mr. Holt, at that time the Com-
missioner. So high was his appreciation of
him that when the war broke out he was, at
his instance, appointed a brigadier general.
He was at once assigned to duty in the State
of Kentucky. Ho commanded at the battle
of Wild Cat on the 21st of October, 1861, and
subsequently, in January, 1862, fought at Mill
Spring. His whole conduct during the war was
excellent, and his war record is eminently fair.
When, at the close of the war, he was mus-
tered out of service he returned to his posi-
tion in the Patent Office as an examiner,
I believe one of the principal examiners, and
one much relied upon in the office. He is a
gentleman of unobtrusive manners, of blame-
less life, and excepting in this matter, so far
as I know, of irreproachable character. In
this instance, if we are to credit the testimony,
he received no personal advantage from the
transaction with which he was unhappily in-
volved. No part of the money remained in
his hands. So far as appears his agency
resulted from a desire to aid an old friend and
Army comrade in securing an object near to
his heart, the advancement of a favorite son.
The end certainly was creditable to the father,
however censurable the means employed to
attain it.
In connection with this subject I wish to
make a suggestion to the chairman of the com-
mittee with reference to this particular case
as well as others. My impression is that this
whole business of peddling cadetships has
grown by long and repeated practice, a very
bad and very pernicious practice that ought to
be brought peremptorily and absolutely to a
conclusion. I say that is my impression, be-
cause ever since I have been connected with
the House it has bee nvaguely reported and, I
suppose, very generally believed.
It is worthy of remark that nearly ail the
parties who thus far have been implicated in
these charges have not been the low, the un-
principled, the vile, but have been meu of
character and self-respect; men whose char-
acters might satisfy us that they would not
consciously or designedly do what they believed
to be morally wrong or corrupt.
Mr. ALLISON. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mays'ard] to state
that it has been a matter of common report that
these cadetships have for years been for sale in
this House ?
Mr. MAYNARD. It is a matter that 1ms
been spoken of. Perhaps the language, " com-
mon report," is too strong; but the matter has
been talked of among members from the ear-
liest part of my connection with tho House,
going back to a period prior to the war.
Mr. ALLISON. I only desire to say that I
never heard of such proceedings until they were
made public during the present Congress.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I did not s.uppose that I
was imparting information to the gentleman or
to any considerable number of members who
have been here as long as he has.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman will yield
to mo for a single moment, I would like to say
in this connection that nine years ago, when I
became a member of this House, and when I
first had cadetships at my disposal, I became
satisfied that some of my predecessors had sold
their appointments at prices ranging from one
to two thousand dollars; and when subsequently
I spoke to some of them about it they assured
me it was the usage of the House. [Laughter.]
And I want to add that I am informed that in
the investigations of the committee it has come
out that one of my predecessors, whether he
sold his own appointments or not, was engaged
in peddling those of other people.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speal ier, as I was
about to remark, 1 have not been able to sup-
press an apprehension that we might deal too
rigorously with gentlemen who may happen to
be connected with transactions of this kind at
the time when the practice has been brought to
the censure of the House, and when we have
determined to bring it to a close. I cannot be-
lieve that these men are sinners above all others
who have ever dwelt in and about these Halls.
I feel, therefore, a disposition to be as lenient
and as tolerant under the circumstances as a
proper regard to purity in the discharge of our
duties will permit, while at the same time we
place upon the record our censure, our strong
and determined censure, of a practice which I
cannot condemn in terms too severe. These
cadetships have been advertised all over the
country through the newspapers. My friend
from Iowa [Mr. Allison] asks me whether
it has been the practice so far as I know to sell
these cadetships in the past. I cannot sav it
has of my own knowledge. I know nothing
whatever beyond the reports or rumors which
have come to my ears.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I should like to know
whether the previous question has been called
or not.
The SPEAKER. It has not been called.
Mr. MAYNARD. As I have said, I cannot
and do not speak of my own knowledge. I have
heard of instances—one a ease where $5,000
was paid for the appointment of a midshipman
to the Naval Academy by the father, who lived
in the city of New York. This was during tha
war, while the Academy was at Newport.
Mr. DAWES. Did thegentleman from Ten-
nessee know that at the time and did not call
the attention of the proper officers to it?
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 did not know it at the
time, nor do I know it now._ It was long sub-
sequently brought to my notice by an associate
of the young man in the Academy, and he spoke
of it as a report.
Mr. LOGAN". Now this kind of argument,
attempting to blacken the reputation of every-
body in Congress, or who ever was or ever will
be, I do not propose to listen to any longer.
Mr. MAYNARD. I propose this amend-
ment to the resolution: after the words " Sec-
retary of the Interior" in the resolution, I
move to insert "to inquire whether said Schoepf
is a suitable person to be intrusted with the re-
sponsible office of examiner in the Patent
Office, and to act accordingly."
Mr. SCIIENCK. I wish to express my sur-
prise at what has just been stated by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. ICei.-
ley. J I have been sixteen years a member of
this House. I have never kuown or heard of *
anything which could be called a custom or
practice of the sale of cadetships or appoint-
ments at West Point or tho Naval Academy
before. I had hoped that the few cases—too
numerous, I admit—of discoveries which have
been made recently were entirely exceptional.
I believe them to bo so. My associations cer-
tainly have not been with persons inside Con-
gress or outside who ever gave me information
or intimation that any such rascally practice
prevailed. Now, I deplore as much as any-
body that there should have been reason for
charging in specific cases that there has been so
far forgetfulucss of duty, propriety, and honor
on the part ol men occupying a position here
as to have yielded to any temptation which
may have been held out in connection with
such matter. But I desire to repeat, in sixteen
years' service, although I have heard upon one
or two occasions rumors to which I attached
no particular attention, that something of this
kind had taken place, I never heard of a well-
authenticated instance until this investigation
was made. If J had I should have felt it to be
my duty to ask that an investigation should
take place at once to ascertain whether the
charge was founded in truth or not.
Now, sir, while 1 am up I wish to add to
what has been said about General Sehoejrf.
Except from his connection with this matter,
and I know him from his having been some
time in my command after he was disabled
from service in the field and ordered to the
charge of one of the forts in the middle de-
partment—he has been known as an excellent,
intelligent, gallant officer, and held to be in
every respect of the highest character, integ-
rity, and purity. I regret that anything should
have occurred to induce him to have any con-
nection in any way, directly or indirectly, in this
matter. I disagree with the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs in respect to
the character of this resolution, when he ex-
presses the opinion it does not prejudge tho
case. Admit General Schoepf has resigned
either from sensitiveness or consciousness of
wrong, the resolution still stands. Yes, as
the gentleman suggests, admit that he has re-
signed by request. I do not know what the
circumstances are. I have not seen General
Schoepf for a number of years. The resolu-
