1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5027
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California objects, and the Secretary will re-
sume the reading of the Journal.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
Journal.
Mr. CASSERLY. I withdraw the objection
to dispensing with the reading of the Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. 1£ there be no
further objection the reading or the Journal
will be dispensed with. The Chair hears no
objection, and it is dispensed with.
FUR-BEARING ANIMALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, under
the twenty-fourth rule, lays before the Senate
the amendment of the House of Representatives
to the bill (S. No. 82) to prevent the extermin-
ation of fur-bearing animals in Alaska.
Mr. WILSON. I wish that to lie over for
the present.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the Senate will
concur in the amendment now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurrence.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood that bill
was ordered to be printed with the amend-
ment of the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was ordered
to be printed yesterday, but it still remains on
the table as business from the House of Rep-
resentatives to be laid before the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to have an
opportunity to examine it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Under the twen-
ty-fourth rule it is the duty of the Chair at the
opening of the session each day to submit
messages and bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the bill will lie over
for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Oregon consents, it will lie over until
to-morrow.
Mr. MORTON. I hope it will not lie over
unless some very good reason can be given for
that course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is before the
Senate under the twenty-fourth rule. The
Chair has performed his duty. It is for the
Senate to act upon it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that this bill,
as it comes to the Senate from the House, has
been printed since March of last year in almost
the identical words in which it is now before
the Senate ; and if Senators have neglected to
examine it, of course they cannot find fault
with the legislation on the subject. There are
obvious reasons why some action should be
taken on the subject at this time. The season
is rapidly passing away when the seals can _ be
taken, and unless there be some legislation
the Government will lose this year the revenue
from the seal fishery. Two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars per annum is provided for as
the income of the Government from this bill.
The Government has lost that amount for the
last year. This is a provision to put $250,000
into the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. STEWART. The only substantial
amendment to the Senate bill is increasing the
amount to be paid by the company on each seal.
Mr. SCHURZ. Has this bill come over
from the House now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is an amend-
ment of the House to a Senate bill, which has
been submitted by the Chair under the twenty-
fourth rule.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will an objection throw it
over until to-morrow?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will not. The
Senate can decide what it will do with it. It
is entirely within the control of the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that all the
amendments made by the House are simply in
the interest of the Government. The Senate
bill fixed the tax at one dollar on each seal.
The House has fixed it at two dollars. The
Senate did not fix any amount of rental, and
this bill provides that the rental shall not be
less than $50,000 yearly, in addition to two
dollars per head on each sea!; so that all the
amendments of the House are entirely in the
interest of the Government and for the protec-
tion of the seal-fisheries.
Mr. SCHURZ. It seems to me that there
is a question of considerable magnitude in-
volved in this bill. It appears to me very
questionable whether it is the best policy of
the Government to put the seal-fisheries into
the hands of a monopoly, or to open them to
general competition.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is no question
about that. That has been settled.
Mr. SCHURZ. How has it been settled?
No bill has been passed.
Mr. MORTON. This bill did pass the
Senate.
Mr. FOWLER. I did not know that it had
Mr. MORTON. It passed after fall discus-
sion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is the opinion of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and the opinion
of the House, after along examination, and the
Senate has so decided once.
Mr. STEWART. Twice.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That question seems to
be settled.
Mr. SCHURZ. At any rate, I hope the bill
will not be acted upon before Senators can
have an opportunity to look into it. I should
like to see it. I heard a great deal of it while
in California last year.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask leave to introduce
a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has not yet commenced. It is made
the duty of the Presiding Officer of the Senate,
under the twenty-fourth rule, after the reading
of the Journal, to lay before the Senate mes-
sages from the President, reports from the Ex-
ecutive Departments, and bills and joint reso-
lutions or other messages from the House of
Representatives. This amendment of the House
is before the Senate under the twenty-fourth
rule.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the Senate will
concur in it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have 110 disposition to
delay this bill, but I do think that I ought to be
allowed to look over the House amendment and
compare it with the general body of the Senate
bill; and I suggest to the Senator from Oregon,
if he has no objection, that it be passed over
informally to permit me to do that. He can
take it up some time during the day.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do nothear the Senator.
Mr. CASSERLY. I say that I have no dis-
position to delay this bill, and I simply ask to
be allowed to read the House amendment,
which I have never seen, and compare it with
the general body of the bill; and I suggest to
the Senator that he allow his motion to be
passed over informally for the present, with
liberty to him to take it up by and by, after I
have had an opportunity to examine the bill
and the amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. Can we not hear the amend-
ment read?
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator from Cali-
fornia knows well enough that it is almost im-
possible to get up a bill here at any time by a
motion, unless it comes up in the regular order.
The amendment of the House to the Senate
bill can be read. It has been printed, and
printed for months. I have a copy here that
has been printed since March, containing the
identical language of the amendment of the
House.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say one word
on this subject. The Government has some
interest in the passage of this bill at the pres-
ent session. The Senate passed this bill, im-
posing a tax of one dollar, I believe, on the
seal. The House has put it up to two dollars. If
this bill fails, the Government will get nothing.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It will lose $250,000per
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to the
bill being acted upon, but I want to hear the
amendment of the House read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring iu the amendment of the House.
The amendment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment of the
House of Representatives is to strike out all
of the Senate bill after the enacting clause, and
to insert in lieu thereof the following  
Mr. WILSON. I do not ask to have the
whole of the amendment read. I desire to
have that portion of it providing for a lease for
twenty years of these islands to this corpora-
tion read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to hear the whole
of the amendment read if we are going to act
upon it. I only ask that it may be reported
iu the usual course, only once, so that we may
understand what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Precisely; it is
now being reported in the usual course. The
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Schurz] also
desires it to be reported in full.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of the
House of Representatives; which was to sub-
stitute for the Senate bill the following :
That it shall be unlawful to kill any fur-seal upon
the islands of St. "Paul and St. George, or in the
waters adjacent thereto, except (luring the months
of June, July, September, and October in each years
and it shall be unlawful to kill such seals at any
time by the use ot lire-arms, or use other means
tending to drive the seals away from said islands :
Provided, That the natives of said islands shall have
the privilege of killing such young seals as may be
necessary tor their own food and clothing during
other month?, and also such old scalti as may bo
required for their own clothing and for the manufac-
ture of boats for their own use, which killing shall
be limited and controlled by such regulations as
shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnaeted, That it shall be
unlawful to kill any female seal, or any seal less
than one year old, at any season of the year, except
as above provided; and it shall also be unlawful to
kill any seal in the waters adjacent to said islands,
or on the beachcs, cliffs, or rocks whero they haul
up tromthe sea to remain ; and any person who shall
violate cither of the provisions of this or the first
section of this act shall be punished, on conviction
thereof, for each offence, by a fine of not less than
$200, nor more than $1,000, or by imprisonment not
exceeding six months, or by such fine and imprison-
ment lioth, at the discretion of the court having juris-
diction and taking cognizance of the offense; and all
vessels, their tackle, apparel, and furniture, whose
crew shall be found engaged in the violation of any
of the provisions of this act shall be forfeited to the
United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That for the period
of twenty years from and after the passage of this
act the number of fur-seals which may be killed fox*
their skins upon the island of St. Paul is hereby
limited and restricted to seventy-five thousand per
annum; and the number of fur-seals which may be
killed for their skins upon the island of St. George
is hereby limited and restricted to twenty-five thou-
sand per annum: Provided, That the Secretary of
the Treasury may restrict and limit the right of kill-
ing if it shall become necessary for the preservation
of such seals, with such proportionate reduction of
tlio rents reserved to the Government as shall be
rightandproper; and if any person shall knowingly
violate cither of the provisions of this section bo
shall, upon due conviction thereof, be punished in
the same way as provided herein tor a violation of
the provisions of the first and second sections of this
act.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That immediately
after the passage of this act the Secretary of the
Treasury shall le.-iso, for the rental mentioned in sec-
tion six of this act, to proper and responsible parties,
to the best advantage of the United States, having
due regard to the interests of the Government, trie
native inhabitants, the parties heretofore engaged
in trade, and the protection ol the seal-fisheries, for
Hr term of twenty years from the 1st day of Mu>,
1S70, the right to engage in the business of taking
fur-seals on the islands of St. Paul and St. George,
and to send a vessel or vessels to said islands for the
skins of such seals, giving to the lessee or lessees of
said inlands a lease, duly executed, in duplicate, not
transferable, and taking from the lessee or lessees
of said blends a bond, with sufficient sureties, in a
sum not less than ^500,000, conditional for the faith-
ful observance of all the laws and requirements of
Congress and of the regulations ot the Secretary ot
the Treasury touching the subject-matter of taking
fur-seals and disposing of the same, and ior thepay-
ment of all taxes and dues accruing to the United
States connected theievvHh. And m making said
lease the Secretary of tSie Treasury &.hall have due
reg.ird to the prescrvalion of the seal-fur trade ot
said islands and the comtoi t, maintenance, and edu-
cation of the natives thereof. The said lessees shall
furnish to the several masters of vessels employed
by them certified copies of the lease held by them
