1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1251
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 535)
for the relief of Kenneth Mackinzie ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, aud ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
Mo. 530) for the relief of soldiers who were
over the age of forty-live years when enlisted
and of the legal representatives of such as died
in the service; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McCREERY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 537) for the relief of James H. Bunce ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, aud ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 538) to enforce the fifteenth amendment
to the Constitution of the United States; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 539) granting to the Atchison, Topeka,
and Santa Fe Railroad Company a continua-
tion of its franchise and right of way through
the territories of the United States; which
wa8 read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, aud ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 540)
to incorporate the " New Era Printing and
Publishing Compauy of Washington, District
of Columbia;" which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have had put into my
hands, with a desire that I shall present it to
the Senate, a bill to aid in the construction of
an equestrian statue in bronze to the late Sec-
retary of War, General John A. Rawlins, and
ask that it be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 541) to aid in the
construction of an equestrian statue in bronze
to the late Secretary of War, General John A.
Rawlins; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, aud by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 542)
to restore to certain parties their rights under
laws and treaties of the United States ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 543) for the suppression of drinkiDg-houses
and tippling-shops, and to regulate the sale of
intoxicating liquors in the District of Colum-
bia ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY also submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to the bill (H.
R. No. 1007) to establish certain post roads;
■which was ordered to be printed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 133) for the
refunding of the hospital money collected of
the whaling bark Hamilton, was read twice by
Us title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
. Ihe joint resolution (H. R. No. 156) author-
ing the sale of certain lands at Springfield,
-lassachusetts, and for other purposes, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 12th
instant approved and signed the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 41) donating to the public
schools of Washington, District of Columbia,
the frame building located at the southeast
corner of Twenty-second street west and 1
street north, in said city.
The message also announced that the bill
(S. No. 47) for the relief of S. & H. Sayles
having been presented to the President on the
1st instant, and not having been approved by
him or returned to the Senate, in which it
originated, within the ten days assigned by the
, Constitution, it had become a law, under the
provisions of the Constitution of the United
States.
PAINTING OF ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Mr. ABBOTT submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was, on his motion, referred to
the Committee on Appropriations:
Resolved, That the sum of 85,000 be, and the same
is hereby, appropriated from the contingent fund of
the Senate for thepurchase from J. H.Littlefield of
an oil-painting likeness of Abraham Lincoln, to bo
paid on the acceptance of the said painting by the
chairman of the Committee on Contingent Expenses
and Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, subsequently
said : I desire to suggest to the Senator from
North Carolina that the resolution referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, at his in-
stance, in relation to a painting, would be more
appropriately referred to the Committee on the
Library.
! Mr. ABBOTT. Then I ask to have it
! referred to that, committee.
, The VICE PRESIDENT. The reference
\ will be so changed if no objection be made.
; The Chair hears no objection, and it is so
ordered.
RED RIVER COUNTRY.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
i lution ; which was referred to the Committee
11 on Printing :
I Resolved, That one thousand extra copies of the
jl communication of the President, of February 3,
inclosing a letter of the Secretary of State upon the
, expulsion of Hon. William McDougall from Winni-
peg territory, in British America, and the resistance
: of the Red river people to the jurisdiction of Canada,
I j bo printed for the use of the Senate, and five hundred
extra copies for the use of the State Department.
j NEW ORLEANS BRANCH MINT.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the followingreso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
I consent, and agreed to:
l Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and
| hereby is, directed to report to the Senate whether
1 in his opinion the public interest would not be sub-
| served by removing the United States branch mint
| from the city of New Orleans to the city of New York.
j ASSAYING AND REFINING.
i Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following res-
i olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
j Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to furnish the Senate with a copy of the
i report of the special agents of the Treasury Depart-
\ ment appointed to examine the assay office in New
! York and branch mint in San Francisco, so far as the
same relates to the subject of assaying and refining.
AMERICAN INTERESTS IN JAPAN.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not
incompatible with the public interests, to furnish the
Senate with a copy of the official correspondence of
Charles E. De Long, minister resident from the
United States to Japan, relating to American inter-
ests in that country.
CHEROKEE INDIAN COUNTRY.
Mr. SAULSBURY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Whereas the tenth article of the Cherokee treaty
of July 19,1860, stipulates in these words: "Every
Cherokee and ireed person resident in the Cherokee
nation shall have the right to sell any products of
his farm, including his or her live stock, or any mer-
chandise or manufactured products, and to ship and
drive the same to market without restraint, paying
any tax thereon which is now or may be levied by
the United States on the quantity sold outside of
the Indian territory:" Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate of the United States, That the
President be. and is hereby, requested, it" not incon-
sistent with the public interests, to inform the Sen-
ate it any officer of the Government has extended
the revenue laws over the Cherokee country, or has
attempted to enforce the payment of taxes by Cher-
okees on products manufactured by them in the
Cherokee nation and sold within the Indian terri-
tory.
! COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION.
Mr. CRAGIN submitted the following res-
olution for consideration :
Resolved, That the Committee on Education on
the part of the Senate shall hereafter be known
and designated as tho Committee on Education and
Labor.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to bear some
explanation of that.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will say that the committee
in the House is so designated. It has often
| occurred, since I have been in the Senate, that
| there has been great doubt to what committee
I petitions and other matters on the subject of
labor should be referred. Such matters have
often been referred to the Committee on Naval
: Affairs, but we did not quite understand how
j they should go there; and as petitions and
! memorials are coming into the Senate, and are
| likely to come in, on this subject of labor, and
j as the Committee on Education have very little
i to do, taking the precedent of the House, I
thought it very appropriate that this change
should be made.
The resolution was agreed to.
DISTRICT COURT IN VIRGINIA.
Mr. JOHNSTON submitted the following
j resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Whereas tho judge of the district court for the dis-
j triet of Virginia has failed to hold any terms of his
court at Staunton and Wytheville: Therefore.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
inquire whether any amendment of the law or any
legislation is necessary in regard to said terms of the
said court.
JOINT INDIAN COMMITTEE.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
take up for consideration the concurrent reso-
lution of the House of Representatives in rela-
tion to raising a joint committee to consider
matters pertaining to Indian affairs.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following concurrent
resolution, adopted by the House of Repre-
sentatives on the 15th of March, 1869 :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That a joint special Committee on
Indian Affairs, consisting of nine members, three
from the Senate and six from tho House, be ap-
pointed, to whom shall be referred all matters relat-
ing to treaties with Indian tribes, payment of annu-
ities and examination of claims referred to Congress
from the Interior Department relating to Indians,
with power to consider all questions arising under
said treaties, andwhetherthesamemaybe abrogated,
annulled, or modified; and whether any further
treaties shall be made with Indian tribes, and if any,
under what restriction; and whether any and what
revision of the several acts providing for the organ-
ization of the department of Indian affairs may bo
expedient or necessary; and also whether any and
what further provision may be necessary for auditing
accounts, examining vouchers presented in relation
to feeding and caring for tho Indians, and in what
manner and to what extent they shall be subsisted,
and what lands shall be reserved and set apart for
them, aud how the same may be secured by law to
the use of the Indian tribes; and finally to consider
the expediency of determining by law what shall be
the legal status of persons of Indian descent under
the laws of the United States, and what course shall
be taken toward them which shall best tend to their
civilization, Christianization, and ultimato citizen-
ship; and to report thereQn by bill or otherwise.
Said committee shall have power to employ a clerk
and examine witnesses, if necessary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Mississippi bill is be-
fore the Senate, upon which the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask my colleague to
allow me to make a remark. This day, by
special resolution of the Senate, was set apart
for the consideration of business from the Com-
mittee on Commerce. I have on my desk some
fifteen or sixteen bills from that committee,
