1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2195
lion still stands as originally drawn, and it cer-
tainly so far presumes tbe guilt to be proved
as to direct a punishment should be inflicted
as if proved. I suppose, though the examin-
ation may not have been ex parte, still there
was not that thorough opportunity of rebutting
testimony or full explanation there should be
before guilt is pronounced. I think it is more
dignified for Congress for us to refer the facts
and all the proofs taken to the Secretary of the
Interior, or to the President, for such action
as may be thought proper in the case. If
action has already taken place, they can ex-
press their further disapprobation. If action
has not taken place to the fullest extent, let
them mark their reprobation in any way which
the results of the investigation proposed by
them may require. And 1 say tins without
meaning to suggest in the slightest degree that
there has not been the fullest opportunity for
presenting rebutting testimony on the part of
General Schoepf. I merely desire to bear iny
testimony to General Schoepf as I knew him
formerly; though I have not known him for
some years. And 1 wish more particularly to
express my dissent, so far as my knowledge
goes, from any such statements as have been
made with regard to the prevalence oHlie cor-
rupt. practices that have been referred to.
Mr. LOGAN. I yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawks.J
Mr. DAWKS. I desire, following up what
has been said by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sohexi'K,] to state that I have been here for
a number of years, and 1 do not remember
anything which has astonished me more than
tbe remarks made by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Mayn'auii.J I did not hear the
remarks made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Kf.u.kv. ) Hut 1 heard those
of the gentleman from Tennesson. And 1 do
not feel at liberty to permit any palliation of
what has been disclosed by this committee in
the course of this investigation to be inferred
from the unchallenged statement that, the sale
of cadelships has come to be a practice of
long standing in this Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
allow me, 1 will say that what 1 stated was that
it. was the rumor and report among members
of the House, that there had been such practices
for a long time.
Mr. DAWIiS. Mr. Speaker, I should not
have felt that I had done my duty, if any ap-
parently well grounded rumor had reached mo
while 1 served here that any member of Con-
gress had so prostituted his position, unless 1
had brought it to the attention of the Uonso of
Representatives and demanded an investiga-
tion. And 1 am unwilling that the exposure
of these practices should go to the country with
the palliation that while they were no doubt
dangerous they were nevertheless of so long
standing that the public mind need not be
shocked at them. I knew a case some six
years ago in which a letter was addressed to a
Massachusetts member, offering him money if
lie would appoint a cadet. That, letter went to
the Secretary of War, and when that cadet came
to bo appointed from another quarter he was
dismissed from the Academy until it could be
made to appear that that appointment did not
result from any similar offer of that kind. That
was but six years ago, and the fact of money
having been offered so surprised tho Secretary
of War that he instantly dismissed the cadet from
the Academy and compelled him to prove his
innocence and to show be had no complicity in
the matter. I donot want it to go to tbe country
that tho facts which have been disclosed by this
investigation, and which have so shocked the
people "of this country, and so sunk in their
estimation the character of this House of Rep-
reset)tatives—and I atn afraid with too much
reason—are to have any such curtain thrown
over them. I do not feel at liberty, as one who
has been here for fourteen years, to remain in
my seat in silence while it is said that this-has
grown to be so common a practice that a simple
resolution disapproving of it is all that is called
for on the part of the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. LOGAN. I now yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I do not desire to prolong this discussion
except to say that I have never since I have
been in this House heard a statement which
has more surprised mo than the statements of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ket,-
i.ey] and the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Maynabd.] I am now beginning my eighth
year in Congress, and never until a few weeks
before this investigation began, when 1 saw
an advertisement in a newspaper for a cadet-
ship, which I had cut out, intending to make
it the subject of a resolution of inquiry to be
brought before the House, when 1 was antici-
pated by another member—never until that
time bad it come to my ears that such a prac-
tice ever existed or been anywhere contem-
plated. And 1 do not understand how it is
possible for a member of this House to hold
such information in Ins possession and not
feel himself bound at once to deliver it to the
House and to call for an investigation.
lint 1 rose chielly for another purpose, and
that was to say in this connection tliati think,
Mr. Speaker, this House will not have done its
duty if it do not immediately, or as soon as
practicable, reform this whole business of ap-
pointing cadets to our two Academies. We
ought to have, in addition to what was done
this morning, an arrangement, and I think it
is perfectly feasible to make such an arrange-
ment, that all appointments shall be made as
the result of district competitive examinations,
at which all boys resident in the district, of
proper age, shall have an opportunity to com-
pete for a eadetsliip.
Now, if tho House will indulge me for a
minute longer I will give my own experience
in this matter. My predecessor in this House
(lion, .lolm llutchins) instituted—and 1 refer
to it the more freely because 1 did not originate
it—my predecessor, i say, introduced the prin-
ciple of competitive examination in the district
which 1 represent. 1 have followed it during
the time I liavo been a Representative, and X
desire to give the House in a word the result
of that experience.
In the lirst year when I came to this House
it happened that there wore two cadets to be
appointed, one at the Military Academy and
one at tho Naval Academy. Five gentlemen,
representing cach of the counties in the district
which 1 represent, consented to act as exam-
iners and meet at a central place in the district.
Printed notices were posted up in every post
office, and publication was made in every news-
paper in tho district, that on a given day all
boys within the proscribed ages who desired to
go to either of the Academies might present
themselves for examination. Tho result was
that there were thirty-seven boys examined.
Mr. MORGAN. I regret to interrupt my
colleague, but I must call him to order. Ho
is not speaking to tho resolution before tho
House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Allow mo a
moment longer and I shall have done. 1 say
that thirty-seven buys were examined, and the
best two were selected; and those two boys
achieved each the highest official distinction in
the Military and Naval Academies when they
graduated last fall, and no one of the cadets
who have been appointed from my district
since I have been a member of the House has
fallen below the first third in his class, and
much less has one been rejected. 1 know of
several other districts where a similar custom
has prevailed, with similar good results in every
easo so far as 1 know.
It is said that not thirty-four per cent, of the
boys who go to West Point ever graduate.
They fail for various reasons, simply because
they are picked up as mere representatives of
political favoritism.
Now, I believe we shall not have done our
duty unless we go to the bottom of this matter
and place all the appointments to these Acad-
emies on similar ground. Now, one word in
regard to General Scboepf. He was thanked
by"the Legislature of Kentucky for his military
services in that State. His record was honor-
able in the war. Still that does not cover the
ease now before the House. But I desire to
ask the House one question before I sit down.
When we have determined that the principal
actor iu this business shall continue to be a
member of this body, what say you to turning
to an accomplice and saying that he is unfit to
bo employed in an executive department of
this Government?
Mr. LOGAN. X yield now to aiy colleague,
[Mr. Moore.]
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I
have voted with tho Committee on Military
Affairs in every instance, although feeling
very deep sympathy for the gentlemen who
fell under the censure of this House. At the
same time it is perfectly clear to me that any
man that has sense enough to represent the
people m this Congress ought to have sense
enough to have seen that any such course was
an absolute fraud, a disgrace to himself, a dis-
grace to this House, and a disgrace to the
country ; and the reason why I felt that sym-
pathy lor these men was the fact that I very
well knew that around the Halls of this Con-
gress, and in various other occupations con-
nected with the Government, there were men
that believed they could use as they pleased
members of Congress, and they seized upon
those least experienced in reference to these
matters, and to tbe utmost of their ability per-
verted those men. I am surprised that any
gentleman upon this floor can have one word
of apology for the men who followed up
those members of Congress to induce them to
engage in such a business as this. I have no
apology to make for them on account of
their previous good character. The gentle-
man who was lirst dealt with by the House,
so far as i know, had maintained up to the
hour that he was arrested here a blameless
reputation. But the very fact of his hav-
ing such a reputation made it the more damn-
ing m the estimation of the country that he
could condescend to any such low business.
I care not what soit of a record a man may
have made in the service of his country ; if he
can stoop from that record to engage in busi-
ness of this kind and pervert Representatives
of the people, he deserves the censure of this
House, X care not what his previous position
and character may have been. I think the
resolution as reported by the committee ought
to bo adopted without any hesitation on the
part of the House.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logax] to yield to me for a
moment.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well.
Mr. KELLEY. I stated a few minutes ago,
interrupting the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Matnabd,] and with his permission, that
it was a fact of common notoriety that some
of my predecessors had sold their appoint-
ments to cadetships. And, grateful for the
opportunity, I took occasion to say so for a pur-
pose; because the cases that I heard of when
I became a member of Congress had been
more or less directly, at least some of them,
reported by letter to the Committee on Military
Affairs or to members of this House, and with
the intimation that as they came from the fourth
congressional district of Pennsylvania I must
have made those corrupt appointments. Hence
it was that I was glad of the opportunity to
publicly denounce them.
I wish to add another word. There is one
of my predecessors who cannot be included
m this category nor suspected of it—Hon.
