1252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
some of them very important, and I desire to
make tie motion that the Mississippi bill be
put over until to-morrow, in order that the
Senate may go on with its resolution of to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
done. We have been considering the Missis-
sippi bill for several days.
Mr. CHANDLER. Give me this day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mich-
igan must be aware that the same question
came up on Friday for postponing the Missis-
sippi bill to take up bills that had been assigned
for that day, and the Senate decided not to do
it. Now, how can it reverse its decision of
Friday, and lay aside the Mississippi bill to-
day?
Mr. CHANDLER. I insist on my motion
that the Mississippi bill be laid a^de; and I
will here state that there is a very large amount
of accumulated business from the Committee
on Commerce, and we ought to have had a day
every week since the 1st of January. That
committee are crowded with business, and we
really want this day to pass certain bills that
ought to be passed immediately.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan moves that the Mississippi bill be
postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock, the
effect of which would be to make the order
operate in regard to this day being assigned
for business of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BAYARD, (when Mr. Thurman's name
was called.) Iam requested by Mr. Thurman
to state that he is too much indisposed to be
in his seat to-day.
The result was announced—yeas HA, nays
24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony. Buckingham,'
Cameron,Chandler,Conkling, Davis, Drake, Fen ton,
Gilbert, Harlan, Howard, Howell, Kellog.McCreery,
Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Scott, Spencer, Sumner,
Thayer, Yickers, and Yates—2i.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Carpenter,
Cole, Edmunds,Perry, 'Hamilton, Howe, Johnston,
McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Eice, Boss, Schurz, Sherman, Spraeue,
Stewart, Stockton, Trumbull, Willey, and Wil-
son—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Casserly, Cattell,
Corbett, Cragin, Fowler, Hamlin, Harris, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Norton, Nye. Patterson, Pool.
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Xhurman, Tipton, Warner, and
Williams—20.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair votes
in the .negative; and the Mississippi bill is
before, the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and the Senator from Michigan is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to give notice
that to-morrow, at one o'clock, I shall claim
the day for the Committee on Commerce, inas-
much as this day has been taken from that
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to making an
order of that kind. There is one special order
for to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan only gave notice.
Mr. 'HARLAN. I will inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan if he will give
way long enough to let the vote be taken on
the House concurrent resolution, read a few
minutes since, in relation to Indian affairs ?
Mr. HOWARD. If it is not to give rise to
discussion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us go on with this
bili, aud dispose of it.,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made to the request of the Senator from Iowa.
state of mississippi.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole;
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1096) to admit the State of Mississippi to
representation in the Congress of the United
States, the pending question being on the
amendment reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I made a
few observations on Friday last, when the Mis-
sissippi bill was before the Senate, in regard
to the power of Congress to annex what are
called fundamental conditions to the admission
of States into the Union. On that occasion I
ventured to remark that in my judgment if
the power to annex such conditions is granted
at all in the Constitution it must be predicated
upon that clause of the instrument which
declares that "the United States shall guar-
anty to every State in this Union a republican
form of government." The honorable Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] who replied to me
seemed to take exception to the position which
I assumed on that subject, and in the course
of his remarks said:
" Therefore I was pained to hear so good a lawyer,
after expressing his doubts as to these fundamental
conditions, plant himself upon such a principle as
this, that Congress must judge what is a republican
form of government, as if that gave Congress a right
to do whatever it pleased; as if it gave it a right
to set aside the provisions of the Constitution
itself; as if it gave it a right to ignore all the his-
tory of the country and to set up some new standard
never dreamed of by our fathers who framed that
instrument, never dreamed of by those who admin-
istered it for sixty or seventy yearg, as to what shall
constitute a republican form of government. Once
more I say to my friend, if he believes in this doc-
trine, why does he not introduce a bill to take it
home to the constitutions of Massachusetts and
Bhode Island ?"
Certainly, Mr. President, the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio treated the subject with fairness
and candor; but while I say this to his praise
and in his honor, I must be allowed to say that
I do not think he stated the position I assumed
with accuracy. I did not say nor intimate that
Congress must judge what is a republican form
of government. I did not insist, I do not
insist that it is the duty of Congress, in the
general sense employed bythe honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, to judge and determine both
for itself and for the State what is a republican
form of government in every instance. By
no means. I made no such general statement,
i advanced no such general proposition. I do
not now. Much less did I, in the language of
the honorable Senator from Ohio, hold that the
Constitution of the United States gives a right
" to set aside the provisions of the Constitution
of the United States." Not at all.
Sir, what I said was this: that necessarily,
ex vi termini, it belongs to Congress to determ-
ine what the means and instrumentalities shall
be which it may see fit to employ in carrying
out and perfecting this guarantee contained in
the Constitution. It is for the United States
to determine what shall be the means proper
to be employed in order to carry out and estab-
lish in practice this great provision of the Con-
stitution, which declares that the United States
shall guaranty to every State in the Union a
republican form of government. Certainly the
State cannot judge finally of the means neces-
sary to be thus employed. The power is given
expressly to the Government of the United
States. It is a beneficial power. It is a power
which did not exist under the old Articles of
Confederation, and the absence of this author-
ity in that instrument was regarded by our
fathers as one of the greatest defects of that
instrument.
The purpose of the people of the United
States when they formed the Constitution was
to make it obligatory on the Congress of the
United States to see to it, iu every instance,
that a republican form of government should
be established and maintained in each and
every one of the States of the Union. No one
can doubt this. It is a concession of power.
That the honorable Senator from Ohio will
concede—a concession of power to the Con-
gress of the United States, and a power to be
exercised in virtue of that clause of the Con-
stitution which declares that Congress shall
have power to "pass all laws which shall be
necessary and proper to carry out'' the granted
powers contained in 'the Constitution.
Now, sir, I shall not contend that in carrying
out this authority, in making good this guaran-
tee of a republican form of government, Con'
gress can do anything, can resort to any means
or instrumentalities which are prohibited by
other clauses of the Constitution. Not at all
sir. Forinstance, Congress, incarryingoutthis
guarantee in reference to a particular State
cannot declare that that State shall have doubly
the number of Representatives in Congress
possessed by_ other States. Why ? Because
■ the Constitution of the United States itsell"
settles the ratio of representation ami gives to
the population of each State its proper quota
of Representatives, a principle with which the
Congress of the United States can by no means
interfere. But as to any other means, which are
not withheld from Congress bythe Constitution,
I insist that it is competent for Congress to use
them if in their judgment it shall appear to be
necessary in order to effectuate this great end.
I by no means come in conflict with other
clauses of the Constitution ; and my principle
only goes to this extent, that Congress may use
all means for carrying out this guarantee which
are not forbidden to Congress in terms or by
necessary implication in the fundamental in-
strument itself. I take it this is a principle
which the honorable Senator from Ohio will
not be disposed to question or deny.
Now, sir, the State of Mississippi is not at
this time a State in the Union in the sense of
the language of the Constitution ; that is to
say, it is not now vested with all the faculties
' belonging to a State in full communion with lirr
1 sister States and represented in the Congress
of the United States. She is in an abnormal
condition. She has by her own misconduct
been stripped and deprived of certain of' the
faculties which she once enjoyed as a member
of the Union. Her once loyal and constitu-
tional government was rashly and wantonly
destroyed by the act of her people, by which
that government was abolished and cast into
ruins; and since that time down to the present
her position in the United States has more
resembled that of a dependency of the Govern-
ment of the United States than a State in tlio
U nion, than a Territory pertaining totheUnited
States. She is, nevertheless, appurtenant to the
United States; she belongs to the Government,
; and is subject to all the laws passed by the Con-
i gress of the United States, m consequence of
the position into which she has unfortunately
cast herself by treason and rebellion, by which
acts she forfeited in fact all her rights, privileges,
and functions as a State in the Union.
Now, sir, I propose to review very briefly, and
make an observation upon each one of the con-
ditions contained in the bill before the Senate.
As I said before, I somewhat regret that this
discussion has been reopened by the report of
the Committee on the Judiciary, rejecting the
conditions ; but still, as the subject is before
| us, I will take the liberty of saying a few words
, upon it. . . . . '
The first provision in this bill, not a oondi-
l tion, but apositive enactment—and in thatlight
! I also view the other clauses of the bill which
purport to be conditions; they are not legally
and technically speaking, in my judgment, con-
ditions; they are positive, imperative enact-
ments, and take effect as snch as much as if they
had declared that such and such should be the
case in reference to the State of Mississippi—
the first clause requires every member of the
I Legislature of Mississippi to take an oath, sub-
stantially, that he does not fall within the third
article of the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States.
Is there any doubt about the power of Con-
gress to enact such a law? Certainly there can
II be none, because the last clause of the four-
|; teenth amendment declares in express terms
that Congress shall have power to pass all appro-
priate laws for carrying out the preceding pro-
visions of that article of amendment. So that
this requirement upon the members of the
: Legislature, to take an oath that they do not
come within the prohibition of the third sec-
tion of the fourteenth article of amendment
must, upon every principle, be admitted 'to be
