8140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2t
to strike oat after the word "Arkansas" the
words "or the Indian territory;" and also
to strike out the proviso nt. the end of the sec-
tion, in the following words :
JVori.fri/, That tho United States shall extinguish
as rapidly as may bo consistent with public policy
and the welfare of the Indians, and only by their
voluntary cession, tho Indian tit ioto all lands falling
under tho operation of this act: Provided, That noth-
ing in this act shall give to said company tho right to
any of the landswithiu the Indian territory until the
extinguishment of the Indian title thereto, and only
in accordance with tho terms and stipulations then
agreed upon hetwcen the United States, thelndians,
aud said company: Provided, hnirncr, That said com-
pany may arrange with tho Indian tribo or tribes
through whoso lands or reservations said lino of rail-
way may pas-s for tho rieht of way to the extent of
one hundred feet in width through sueh lands or
reservations, and for the necessary grounds for sta-
tions, side-tracks, and workshops.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of tho committee was
in section four, line seven, after the word
"persons," to strike out the words "or by
auy Indian tribe or nation through whose lands
or reservation the railway herein provided for
may pass."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
proviso at the end of section four, in the fo4i
lowing words:
Provided, That any sttch grant or donation,
power, aid, or assistance from any Indian tribo or
nation shall be subject to the approval of tho Presi-
dent of the United Slates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion live, as follows:
Sec. 5. And be U further enact l, That the said
altcrnatesections of land granted by this act, except-
ing only such as are necessary lor tho company to
reserve for depot*, stations, side-tracka, wood yards,
Hock yards, standing ground, and other needful
used in operating the road, shall be sold by the com-
pany to actual settlers, in quantities not exceeding
one hundred an-I sixty acres, or a quarter section, to
any one settler, at prices not exceeding live dollars
per acre ; and to settlers having vatid preemption
rights at the time of tho passago of this act, (pro-
Tided the same shall not thereafter be forfeited
by non-compliance with the provisions of this act.)
at SI SJ  per acre: Provided, That all lands herein
granted to said company, and remaining unsold at
the expiration of three years after tho completion of
■aid road, may be sold to purchasers upon such terms
us the said company may determine.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
five, after the word "Arkansas" to strike out
the words "or the Indian territory."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six,
line eight, after the word " manner" to insert
"and when such certificate shall be supported
by the certificate of the surveyor general of
Missouri and Arkansas."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section nine,
•to strike out the letter "s" at the end of the
word "lines," and insert after the word "line"
the words "its road;" and in line four to
strike out the words "each other" after "In-
tersect;" so that the section will read:
That it shall be the doty of said Pacific and Great
Eastern Railway Company, and any other railroad
company whoso Imo its road may cross or intcrseot,
to form running connections with each other on fair
and equitable terms.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in Section ten,
lin&six, to strike out "two years" and insert
" oneyear;" in line eight to strike out "fifty"
and insert" tweiity " before the word " miles,''
and to strike out the word " third" before
"year" where it twice occurs and insert
"first;" so that, as amended, the section wiFl
read:
That each and every grant, right and privilege
herein expressed are so mnds and given to and
accepted by said Pacific and Great Eastern Bail way
C'ompany, upon and subject to the following condi-
tions, namely: that the said company shall com-
mence the work on said road within one year from
the approval of this act by the President, and shall
complete not less than twenty miles per year after
the first year, and shall construct, equip, furnish,
and complete the tnain lino of tho whole road by the
4th day of July, A. I). 1878.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
! proviso nt the end of the section, in tho follow-
ing words :
Provided, That if the said company make any
broach of tho condition hereof, and allow the same
to continue for upward of one year, then in such caso,
at any time hereafter, tho United States may do any
and all acts nnd things which may bo needful and
necessary to insure a speedy completion of the said
road.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section:
And be it further enactedt That the sections and
part of sections of land whiah by such grants shall
remain to the United States within ton miles on each
sido of said road shall not bo sold for less than double
the minimum prico of tho public lands when sold;
nor shall any of said lands become subjoct to salo nt
private entry until the same shall have boen first
offered at public sale to the highest bidder at or abovo
tho increased minimum prico as aforesaid: Provided,
That actual and Aonri fide settlers under the provis-
ions of the preemption and homestead laws of the
United States may, after due proof of settlement,
improvement, cultivation, and occupation, as now
provided by law, purobase tho samo at tho increased
minimum price aforesaid: JJrovuled, alto. That set-
tlers on any resorved sections under tho provisions
of tho homestead law who occupy, improve, and cul-
tivate the same for a period of five years, and comply
with tho several conditions and requirements of said
act, shall be entitled to an amount not exceeding
eighty acrcs cach.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that this bill be
passed over informally, and printedasamended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be entered if there be no objection. The
Chair hears no objection.
OFFICERS-ELECT IN TEXAS.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to take up House bill No. 1012, to
extend the time of taking the oath by officers
elected in Texa3 thirty days from the 30th of
• April, 1870. It will explain itself. Itisavery
important matter. I hope the Senate will in-
dulge me bjr taking It up.
| There being no objection, the bill (H. It.
J No. 1912) to extend the time within which
persons elected to office may take the oath of
office prescribed in an act entitled "An act to
admit the State of Texas to representation in
the Congress of the. United States," approved
March 80, 1870, was read three times and
passed. It , provides that all persons duly
elected to office in the State of Texas, and
holding the proper certificate of such election,
shall have thirty days from April 30, 1870,
within which to take, subscribe, and file the
oath of office prescribed by the act of Congress
approved March 30, 1870, for the admission
of the State of Texas to representation in the
Congress of the United States.
1. I,. MBftltY.
Mr. CONKLING. The other day, during
my absence—the second absence only which
has occurred from the city of Washington dur- ,
ing the sessions of Congress in all the years I
! have served here—there was called up a bill
j relating to a transaction which occurred in the
i immediate locality in which I live, and which
some of my neighbors think would not have been
, objected to had I been here to bear a word of
| testimony a's to the facts in the case. I refer to j
the bill to enable Laurence L. Merry, lately
I a collector of internal revenue, to adjust hi .
accounts with the Treasury Department. The
j difficulty grows out of an occurrence in the j
little hamlet in which he lives, the village of
Ilion. There occurred some time ago, on the
date stated in the report, a burglary, which
; produced a profound sensation there, being a
' very extraordinary thing. Not only the post j
office, but the bank in the place and the office ;
of the express company were entered, the safe ;
blown open by burglars, and a very extensive
robbery committed. Among the things stolen
j were certain stamps lodged in the hands of this
! collector, and certain stamps lodged in the
hands of another party, which stamps, pursn*
ant, to his duty, he had carried in part to the
bank, as far as he could do so, reserving only
those he must have in nse after bank hours.
Those he deposited on the liight in question'
as he ought to have done, in the sail- of the
American Express Company, which sale was
blown up, as I said, rilled of its contents, and
among other things of these stamps; he being
a sufferer in his own right, as I understand, as
to his own property. Theso stamps having
been taken, the facts being conceded, within
the practice of the Government, which has been
uniform, Telief would be given. I have here
a report, a very brief report, made by the Sen-
ator from Oregoti, [Mr. Williams,] from the
Committee on Finance, which I beg to have
read, thinking that some Senator may desire
it, and then 1 hope there may be no objection
to the consideration of this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho Senator
from New York asks unanimous consent to
proceed to tho consideration of the bill named
by him.
Mr. IIAMLIN. I want to say one word. I
think the bill ought to be considered and passed;
but if it be, then I think there is another class
of bills precisely of the same character that
ought also to pass. They were both objected
to the other day. I will interpose no objection
now to this; but if this bill shall pass I shall
ask that the otherbills shall also be considered:
and the Senate certainly ought to consider both
if either.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall object to all the
others.
Mr. HAMLIN. The cases are precisely
alike; they come out of the same safe, and are
connected with the same transaction, and you
canuot draw a distinction between them. If the
Senator from Vermont objects against the post-
master I must object against this bill.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I ask the Senator to hear
me one moment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will.
Mr. CONKLING. Can nay honorable friend
find nothing to distinguish this case in the cir-
cumstance that on the occasion when it was
called up the member of this body who alone
j by reason of locality conld know the facts was
absent, and the supposition is that the claim-
ant suffered in consequence of his absence?
Now, I beg to Bay to the honorable Senatoi
that there is no other bill relating to this
.transaction save one. There is a bill which
I admit is the fellow of this precisely in
reference to the postmaster, there having been
sent to him from Philadelphia by the order
of the Government $1,100 worth of stamps,
if that was the amount, which stamps were
stolen from his office on the same night,
as part' of the same burglary. It was really
one transaction; and I assume that one bill
being considered, for convenience' sake, no
Senator would wish to reserve the other bill
for a separate consideration. The facts are
identical. One ought not to pass unless both
do. I hope my houorable friend from Maine
will allow the two bills, although they are
technically two, to be considered, because one
would necessarily follow the other.
Mr. POMEROY. If both can be consid-
ered I will not object. I am on the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads. If one
is to be considered, and not the other, I do
object.
Mr. CONKLING. That will not be, be-
cause the facts are identical.
, Mr. THAYER. It will take but a few min-
utea to pass both bills. I hope they will be
taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to the consideration of the
bill. The report will be read.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think it need
be read. I am safe in saying that the occur-
rence was so notorious and so near to me that
there can be no doubt that a gang of profes-
sional burglans passed by there and succeeded
