1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4085
"June 21, 1867, the savages, killed a mail carrier
(name unknown) nc:i,r Ko.alo spring.
" Ausu^t 1^0 James H. Stimpson" Frank Mcssner,
and iiitwaiu xouhcr lost, their lives while visiting
mmos ia tho hacramonlo district.
Puaci <;<>uti(y.
" March 1.18G-1, Gilbert \V. Hopkins and TV. Wright-
son wore killed ne.ir Fort Buehanun.
jviiu ch 2,, loGo, ALijor Miller, United States Army,
and lour soldiei.s were attacked and murdered at
Round valley, on the road from Pima villages to
Ctat&i' Ur«nf.
" Jun e 7, 18(37, t hroe Mexicans were killed between
Camp UraTit and lueaon.
Juno 4, a white man, name unknown, was killed
on the lanea ot Jesurf M. Klias, near Camp Grant,
and on the samp day another man was murdered
on flic r.mcli ot Toinwal&on & Coinpauy, on the San
Pedro
"March 23,1368, Johnson and Daniels killed near
Picaoho.
"May G, a Mexican, threemiles from Tucson.
- 2G, jour men—Brownly, "Tennessee,*'
Knowls, and King, between Tucson and the Rio
Grande.
"July 13, near the Cienega, two moil, Soto and
Barba, killed.
mW i y uear ®an ^avicr, a friendly Indian was
kiitcd  uiu a woman captured and carried into cap-
tivity.
"J uly 16, Aionzo M. Erwin, at Gamp Grant,
"^uiy near Camp Crittenden two men were
killed, and one, a Mr. Carroll, captured and carried
 
"July a Mexican named Cozozo, near Camp
Grant.
"August 27, Jaraos Pennington, near San Xavicr.
November 10, Ballon killed near Apache pass.
" iNu vcrnber 13, a Mexican, near same place,
" Jb\jbrti«uv 20, 1809, two iucn, Pnec and i)avis,
near C i Pip Grant.
* * jM tircii 1'.), two Mexicans, near Pieacho.
" Maich 2J, a white man was murdered near Camp
Gram.
April! 3, t-even Mexicans.ncar Camp Crittenden.
" " Vpnl 21. near tamo place, two soldiers.
"May 11, between Tucson and Camp Grant, three
men killed.
|[May 28, man killed at the San Pedro.
"J unc 10, the savages killed Air. Pennington and
son, < f ,Si noif a.
" A 'ine 19, Jo-50 Jarauiillo, at Soldier's Farewell.
" June 2'j, at fume place, two men lost their lives.
"July ->, on the kan Pedro, three meu—John-
son, M'-AIurr.iy, nud O'Donneli—loll victims to the
9ava<;es.
Ju:y 15, Mexican killed at Pj,tla Parado ranch.
" August 2", man killed al ^oldierh Farewell.
^"Ociobur l>, seven men, lour soklieis and threo
citizens, killed near Apache pass—anions? them Col-
onel Sione, president ot' the Apache Pass Mining
(Ji'iQi'uiiy, and Mr. Kalcr. The names of the other
vw'iiik :iro unknown to us.
" October 13, they killed two Mexicans near Tuc-
son.
" November 26, Benjamin Aiken and a Mexican, on
the £?onoiti<.
November 30,Richard Holstead, near Florence.
" December 14, they killed the mail cairier between
Florence and Camp McDowell.
" Their iiist exploit, so far as we have been able to
ie-nii. wu«. the kiiiiu^oi three men near the Cienega.
" "Were it in our power to give the names and entire
number of persons killed in this Territory since its
settlement, there is nodoubi but that two hundred
more could be added to the above list. Besides those
killed, over two hundred have been wounded since
the beginning of 186k
"We have no means of getting at the value of
piopert.y stolen arid uestioyed during this time, but
people can form an opinion upon that subject when
they .;re told thai neai ly every white citizen now in
Ihe Teintory, or who has ever resided in oi passed
tinoUjr'i it. h.ih loft a horte, a mule, or a donkey,
while iroin dlhiv pct>ons whole bands of horses,
nmU\-\ cal tie, and r-heep have been stolen. Then the
savages have descended upon ranches an<u lobbed
many men of their ciops. The. oniv consolation we
have for our ure.it in >ile and property is the
l.icf that, hundreds ol the murderous race of savages
tins t ifji'est x Iiin Toj ritoi y have been bent to their long
Uomi\N ynd will trouble ui no more. But thousands
yet remain who a re more determined than ever upon
driving u> fiom the Termor}, a teat wlueh they feel
cert<i3.i of accomplishing, having, in the Ions aero,
iauidcrct and driven out a greater number of semi-
c!vili7.ed Indians. Will they succecd in expelling
us? We think not. Yet, should Government do no
more ior u-mii t he future fh;>n it has in the past the
result ^ doubtful. Reader, does not the above
lengthv record ot crimes sufficiently prove die fmiy
of trjing to conquer the Apaches with a few com-
p:imcv of troop.s? If you think so, raise your voice
lor vigorous war until the last hostile Indian m
Arizona is reconstructed."
Before the reading was concluded,
Sir. POMEROY. I suggest that the further
reading of that paper be dispensed with. It
doos not belong to rhid question. I hope the
Senator will not take np the time of tho Sen-
ate in having that newspaper read.
iMr. STKWAliT. I do not care about- hav-
ing if, read further; but I should like to have
.it go in the Globe as far as I have marked it.
I want the facts known. I think, when so much
has been said about the Indians this morning
to show their lovely character, I might have a
little time to let it be known what they are in
fact. I have a letter from the Governor of
Arizona, since he was here a few days ago,
reciting the killing of people in Arizona, where
the Indians go right within 'die town and mur-
der people day after day. I will not take up the
time of the Senate in reading it,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Were there any
women and children in the town?
Mr. STB WART. Yes, women and children
murdered right in the town. That list is only
a partial list, but we can give you an ample
list. This Apache tribe of Indians have con-
tinued in their murderous courses notwith-
standing all the efforts of the church who tried
its hands on them. Nobody has been able to
do anything with them. Now, I should like
to see the ^ Quakers try their hand on the
Apaches. The church did civilize and did a
good work with the mission Indians iu Califor-
nia; but it failed with the Apaches ; the settlers
have failed, and the Army has failed, because
there is not army enough to capture them.
Now, I should like to see the Quakers try their
hand oti the Apaches. 1 shall vote for this
Quaker appropriation ; I want them to try the
experiment; but 1 do not want to be misun-
derstood in regard to this Indian subject. I
believe in putting them on small reservations,
and I do not believe in treating with them as
nations, and I believe that policy has always
failed and will forever fail. I am willing that
tho Quakers, or any other church that wants
to uo it, may try its hand at civilizing any par-
ticular tribe located upon a reservation where
it can reach them. They can be very easily
collected together if you take the proper sea-
son of the year to do it. You cannot take
them on the plains in summer, but in the
winter you can get them. The mission churches
in California-exercised a jurisdiction over them
and kept them where they were. It is true
they did not have any very great military
power, but they kept them there and educated
their children. That is the policy tbatitseems
to me ought to be pursued, and not have these
treaties with them as independent nations,
which have proved a failure. You cannot find
any hunting-grounds for them in the United
States.
I do not wish to be misunderstood, and I do
not wish to have it understood that I make no
discrimination between Indians, ithink it is
the duly of the United States to make a vig-
orous effort to protect the pioneers from such
slaughter as appears 111 the list I have presented.
After we have organized Territories and invited
people to settle them I think we ought to make
an effort to stop 1 his slaughter.
Mr. POME ROY. I would suggestan amend-
ment, and J do it with some hesitancy, to the
amendment of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs. The amendment which I propose to
offer will precede the amendment of the com-
mittee, and it strikes out the last clause in the
amendment of the committee, in the following
words:
To bo distributed among the different tribes, at
the discretion ot the .Secretary ot tho Interior, tho
bum uf SJO.OOO.
I propose to strike out these words and insert
what I will read, as preceding the amendment
of the committee:
And any portion of the money annuities to bo paid
under treaty stipulations, and hereby appropriated,
may be used by ttie Secretary of the Interior at his
discretion.
And then will come, "for the purpose of
purchasing goods," &c., as named in the
amendment.
I am aware thai the Senator from Maine and
the Senate will think it is interfering with tho
provisions of existing treaties to change any
of the payments made and stipulated for in
those treaties. I am aware that I shall be met
with the argument that if we have agreed to paj'
money we must pay money; if we have agreed
to pay gold we must pay gold; if currency, we
must^ pay currency. All these Indians have
treaties, and we have appropriations in this
very bill to pay them so much money according,
to the specific treaties which are stated.
Now, I am for paying the Indian all we have
agreed to pay him in the best possible com-
modity. I do not believe in paying in whisky,
or powder, or ball. 1 believe in paying him ia
books, in spelling books and Bibles, and in
educational facilities for his improvement and
culture ; and I believe in the Government ex-
ercising a discretion, they being the wards of
this Government, as to what the payment shall
consist in, and it should consist in those arti-
cles that are best for the Indian.
Until the present Administration we have
dealt with the Indians as nations capable of
making treaties and of enforcing the obligation
of treaties; but a new policy has been entered
upon ; treaties that were pending for ratifica-
tion have been withdrawn. Instead of making
treaties we now make laws, we legislate directly
for these people; and with a wise and humane
legislation we can direct in what the payment
of the annuity shall be. '
Than the present head of tlie Interior De-
partment, perhaps there is no more humane,
wise, and just man ; he would administer upon
this trust with the utmost fidelity; and why can
we not commit to liini the responsibility of
deciding what articles he will pay these Indiana
in out of the money appropriated? I should
like to have the attention of the Senator from
Maine. I can hardly hope for it, however, this
bill has been in hand so long and has engrossed
the attention of the Senate so much. I want
to say to the Senator from Maine that the pay-
ment of money to the Indians is not a wise
policy, because the use that the Indian makes
of it is anything but good to himself.
Mr. MOR1ULL, of Maine. Does the Sen-
ator understand that this is a proposition to
pay money to the Indians 1
Mr. POMEROY. Perhaps the Senator has
not learned the amendment which I have
offered?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think-I under-
stand it.
Mr. POMEROY. It is, in the judgment
and al the discretion of the Secretary, to allow
the use of the money appropriations to pur-
chase the articles named in the amendment of
the committee. Now, I say that exercising a
wise discretion, which the Government is bound
to do, regarding these people as the wards of
the Government, under the enlightened admin-
istration of the present Secretary of the Inte-
rior, I think it is right, and without in spirit
violating the treaties either, to take that money
and purchase with it such useful articles as will
secure the elevation and improvement of the
Indian, rather than to pay him in money, which
is for his own detriment often.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest that
there is no difficulty in the Senator's amend-
ment if he will add the words " with the con-
sent of the Indians."
Mr. POMEROY. I am aware of that; but
they have that power now, I reckon. I sup-
pose there is no tribe of Indians the payments
to whom may not be diverted in this way if
they consent. But we have taken upon us
during this session of Congress to legislate for
the Indian whether he will or not, and I think
the majority of the more enlightened tribes
will consent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Whatcasedoes
the Senator refer to?
Mr. POMEROY. This will operate not
only in regard to this particular amendment,
but it is of general application. It leaves it
discretionary with the Secretary of the Interior,
instead of pay ing money to the Indians, to
in such useful articles for promoting their
education and improvement and culture and
advancement as he may-think wise an jus .
Now, Mr. President,'y^u may take any people
you choose and shut them, up and <~oie out-
