1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
41st Gong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Marshall.
Ho. of Reps.
paragraph in the report of Mr. Wells, of Jan-
uary, 1868: «
" Under these circumstances the manufacturers of
pip; iron have, to the detriment of the rolling-mill
interest and to the expense of every consumer of
iron, from a rail to a plowshare and from a boiler
plate to a tenpenny nail, realized continued profits
which have hardly any parallel in the history of legit-
imate industry, the returns of one set of furnaces in
one of the middle States, communicated to the Com-
missioner, showing a yearly product of 35,000 tons,
on a capital of $450,000, sold at a profit of from $10 to
$13 per ton."
That is an annual profit of from $350,000 to
$465,000 per annum. The aggregate amount
of the bonus paid by the people to pig-iron
lords has been estimated at from $20,000,000
to $30,000,000. This can be justified upon no
just system of national policy or expediency.
I regard it in fact as the destroyer of our ship-
yards and commerce, the robber of all classes,
the retarder of railroad progress, and as the
common enemy of every industrial interest.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Illinois has expired.
Mr. McCARTHY. I move that the gentle-
man from Illinois have unanimous consent to
proceed.
The CHAIRMAN put the question; and no
objectionbeing-made, Mr. Marshall's time was
extended.
Mr. MARSHALL. I thank the honorable
gentleman from New Yurk and the committee
for this kind indulgence, and I will endeavor
not to trespass too far upon your patience.
Mr. Chairman, I beg leave to call the espe-
cial attention of the committee to a table I now
submit, which is prepared with great care by a
gentleman admirably qualified for the task,
showing the effect of our tariff upon three lead-
ing articles upon the revenue, the monopolists,
and the great body of the people. From this
the committee and the country can judge of
the whole system, of which this is but a part:
H
Cotton fabrics...
"Woolens 
Refined iron 
Articles.
$242,100,000
262,000,000
135,000,000
Total consumption with
duties added thereon.
$19,000,000 !
40,500,000
11,730,000
Imported from foreign
countries.
$215,000,000
181,000,000
128,000,000
Home production.
43 per cent.
60 per cent.
54 per cent.
Average rate of duty col-
lected.
$8,100,000
26,400,000
6,290,000
Revenue paid to the Gov-
ernment.
$92,450,000
108,600,000
09,120,000
Enhanced amount paid to
monopolies.
G~! O cc
Tax paid to the Govern-
ment on each dollar con-
sumed.
Cents.
30
60
52
Tax paid to the monopo-
lies on each dollar con-
sumed.
|3
2 &
Co ^3
S £
H
a
This table, Mr. Chairman, is worthy of the
grave consideration of every citizen of the
Republic. The exact effect of any tax upon
the consumer cannot be stated with mathemat-
ical accuracy, but that this approximates the
truth cannot, I submit, be successfully contro-
verted.
REVENUE OB PROTECTION—.THE PRINCIPLES OX WHICH
A REDUCTION Or TAXATION SHOULD BE BASED.
I will not dwell further upon the details of
the innumerable articles thus protected by our
tariff laws. Enough has been given, I think,
to show clearly the distinction between a duty
or tax levied for revenue and one levied for
protection. The first is authorized by the Con-
stitution and justified by the purposes for which
Governments are established. The latter is
unauthorized and in violation of all just prin-
ciples of government. Unquestionably where
a revenue duty is laid upon the importation of
articles that are also produced in this country
the duty will operate as a protection to the
domestic producer. But in this case the pro-
tection is the mere accident or incident to the
exercise of a legitimate power, and does not
transcend the grauted power. It is when you
go beyond this and legislate for the purpose
of protection, to put money into the pockets of
a class or section, that you become aggressors
and invaders of the rights of others. Under
our present laws the duties are partly revenue,
partly exclusively protective, and partly have
in view revenue, but are adjusted principally
for the purpose of protection.
The duties on coffee, tea, sugars, foreign
wines and brandies, manufactures of silk,
spices, raisins, and tropical fruits, opium, dia-
monds and gems, sardines and anchovies, and
other articles that could be mentioned, are
strictly revenue duties. Every dollar paid by
the consumers of these articles, by virtue of
the duty laid thereon, is paid to the Govern-
ment, and for the benefit of the Government,
and in the exercise of its legitimate power of
taxation. The duties on coal-oil, some classes
of cigars, some classes of iron and steel, sev-
eral varieties of woolen goods, all coarse blank-
ets, all cheap wool hats, nearly every variety
of cheap carpets, gray or uncolored alpacas,
several varieties of balmorals, and other things
that might be mentioned, are prohibitory—are
laid in such manner as to cut off revenue and
exclusively for protection. Every dollar paid
by the consumers by virtue of these duties goes
for the benefit of the protected classes and not
one dollar of it into the Treasury. These
taxes, I repeat, are levied without authority
and in violation of every correct principle of
government.
Of the third class, that is duties laid partly
witli a view to revenue, but which are adjusted
chiefly in the interest of protection, the tables
already submitted in regard to salt, cotton fab-
rics, woolens, and iron will furnish a sufficient
illustration. They are scarcely less obnoxious
than those which are entirely prohibitory.
WISE OP THE MONOPOLISTS.
The manufacturers, with theirusual sagacity,
hearing the demand for a reduction of taxation,
and banking on the supposed ignorance and
credulity of the people, have come forward with
extraordinary magnanimity and tell us, "Oh,
yes; we will join you in taking off any or all
the duties upon articles the tax on which goes
exclusively into the Treasury, if you will only
let those taxes stand upon which we and not
the Government get most of the money paid by
the people." But theformer are not the taxes
that have destroyed many of our industries and
are crushing out the life and hopes of thepeople.
It is the cruel tax on iron that has crippled our
commerce, destroyed the prosperity of our ship
yards, closed many of our founderies, obstructed
the building of railroads, and enhanced the cost
of everything. It is the tax on salt, hats, and
cotton and woolen fabrics, and all articles of
wearing apparel that doubles the cost of living
and steals away the substance of the people.
But these taxes the monopolists will not sur-
render, for the reason that the sums paid by the
people go chiefly, not to the Government, but
to them.
On the present basis of taxation the Secre-
tary of the Treasury estimates the revenues for
the next fiscal year at $395,000,000. At the
present percentage of monthly increase of the
receipts at the Treasury the revenues will ex-
ceed this estimate by $20,000,000 or $30,000,-
000. The expenditures for the same period
are estimated at $291,000,000. I think with
proper economy they ought to be reduced to
$250,000,000 at the highest. In short, both
the present rate and mode of taxation are an
unnecessary aud oppressive drain upon the re-
sources of the people. At least $80,000,000of
this burden should be immediately stricken off.
By a judicious reduction and removal of duties
on theprotected class you can, without reducing
the revenue $40,000,000, relieve the people of
a burden of hundreds of millions, restore our
commerce on the seas, give new life to our
ship-yards and foundries, infuse new energy
into all railroad enterprises, give additional
employment to labor, open up new and better
markets, relieve the agricultural interests, and
bring hope and gladness to thousands of hum-
ble homes.
Mr. Chairman, I take my stand in favor of
this plan of reduction, I take issue with the
monopolists, and demand that they shall loosen
their hold upon the throats of the people. I
would not deprive the Government of its neces-
sary revenues ; farfromit. But I demand that
these revenues shall be raised with the least
possible drain upon the industry and the re-
sources of the people.
1 have prepared a plan of a tariff, which I
will not now trouble the committee with read-
ing, by which all the revenues needed for an
economical administration of the Government
can be raised, and the people relieved of hun-
dreds of millions of its present burdens.
THE EFFECT OF T1IE SYSTEM OF PROTECTION UPON
DIFFERENT SECTIONS AND CLASSES.
But, the gravest objection to this system is
that, it drains and impoverishes the agricul-
tural to enrich the manufacturing districts of
the country. It is no exaggeration, I think, to
say that by this insidious system hundreds of
millions of dollars are transferred annually
from the pockets of the people of the West
and South to the vaults and safes of the East
and North. And thus we are made mere trib-
utaries to the favored or protected sections.
Agriculture is beyond all comparison the most
important industry of our country. It gives
occupation and support to more than one half
of our population. And the fact that the agri-
culturists and other interests similarly affected
have so long tamely submitted to depletion,
exhaustion, and impoverishment by this legis-
lative jugglery furnishes the most remarkable
instance on record of an unsuspecting cre-
dulity and a patient submission to wrong and
spoliation.
A strange phenomenon is presented by the
relative prosperity of the people of the mag-
nificent fertile West and South and of their
brethren occupying the barren, sterile hills of
the East. An observer would naturally come
to the conclusion that wealth and great pros-
perity would take up their abode with the for-
mer; poverty and privation, if they existed in
the country, with the latter. But the fact is
directly the reverse. The farmers of the West
with theirrich lands are blessed by Heaven with
bountiful harvests; aud yet they find the hours
of labor lengthening. They are compelled to
withdraw their children from school to aid in
the labors of the farm ; they have not the means
to build fine houses and ride in splendid car-
riages ; they indulge in no costly luxuries, and
