1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1253
eonstitution.il and valid. About thia there
can be no doubt; the fourteenth article itself
expressly gives to Congress the power to carry
it out by appropriate legislation. And I think
we should be derelict in duty if, while we are
admitting these insurgent States again into the
Union, we neelect to take some such precau-
tion as is expressed in this first clause of the
conditions. At all events, there can be no
doubt about the constitutionality of that pro-
vision. There cannot be even argument about
it worthy of the name.
Hie second clause declares, in the nature of
a iandamental condition—
That the constitution of Mississippi shall never
be so amended or changed as to deprivo any citizen
nr class of citizens of the United States of the right
t,> vote who are entitled to voto by the constitution
herein recognized, except as a punishment for such
crimes as are now felonies at common law, whereof
they shall have been duly convicted under laws
I'.iu.illy applicable to all the inhabitants of said
State.
Now, the lTiaiu difficulty begins to present
itself in this first condition, properly so called.
Can Congress annex such a fundamental con-
dition as shall disable the State of Mississippi
henceforth to change her constitution so as to
deprive persons authorized by that constitution
to vote at elections, of that right? The con-
stitution of that State provides, article seven,
section two:
"All male inhabitants of this State, except idiots
and insane persons, and Indians not taxed, citizens
<.f the Inited States or naturalized, twenty-one
yars old and upward, who have resided in this
.'late six months and in the county one month nest
preceding the day of election at which said inhabit-
ant offers to rote, and who are duly registered
according to the requirements of section three of
this article, and who are not disqualified by reason
of any crime, are declared to be qualified electors."
Now, sir, this condition declares that the-
State of Mississippi shall not so amend her
constitution or change it as to deprive any citi-
zens embraced in that clause of the right of
suffrage. Is that requirement constitutional ?
I do not know what may be the opinion of my
honorable friend from Illinois, the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary, on that
point. I do not know that he has expressed
himself upon it. But I know very well that
our Democratic friends on the other side of '
the Chamber stoutly deny that that clause is
constitutional. They would treat it as a mere
piece of waste paper, as utterly void and inef-
fectual as a provision of law; and in this they
are imitated by Governor Walker, of Virginia,
who, in his recent message to the Legislature
of that State, took it upon himself to declare
that this condition and the one which follows
are "frivolous," entirely ineffectual. It seems
to me, sir, that the Governor, notwithstanding
any good intentions he may have had, was
"leaping before he had got to the stile." It
seems to me that that official denunciation of
an act of Congress was far more flippant than
sound, wise, or considerate.
As I said before, it is for Congress to determ-
ine upon the means and instrumentalities, con-
sistent with other provisions of the Constitu-
tion, which are necessary and proper to carry
out the great guarantee of a republican gov-
ernment to each and all the States in the Union.
It Congress, therefore, shall judge, as it has
aone in the case of Virginia, that in order to
preserve a republican form of government in i
the State of Mississippi it is requisite that this i
clause in their constitution shall be immutable
ana perpetual, I will not undertake to say
,t ^at legislation is void for want of consti-
utional warrant, and I do not believe my
honorable friend from Illinois will take that
ground. I do not believe, sir, that upon a fair
argument before the Supreme Court of the
tinted States, properly and impartially consti-
un'i y w'^ ^old any such doctrine. I
s, ' 'Je prepared to see this question, if it
, ever come before them, decided calmly
upon principles which have been so often
aiu down and acted upon in other cases in that
igh tribunal; that is to say, that it pertains
o Uongresa and to Congress alone to determ-
ine upon the means and instrumentalities neces-
sary to carry out the expressly delegated powers
in the Constitution; and if they tliink any one
particular instrumentality is the proper one,
not inconsistent with other provisions of the
Constitution, a court of justice will not, I
imagine,, inquire into the legality or propriety
of that particular means which they see fit to
employ.
Another clause, sir, in the conditions of this
bill with regard to Mississippi declares—
That it shall never be lawful for tho said State to
deprive any citizen of the United States, on account
of his race, color, or previous condition of servitude,
ot the right to hold office under the constitution and
laws of said State, or upon any such ground to ro-
quire of him any other qualifications for ollicc than
such as are required of all other citizens.
At firstblush, sir, no man can deny the jus-
tice and righteousness of that provision, of that
fundamental condition ; and if Congress sees fit
to insert it in this form as one of the elements,
one of the legal provisions for the resuscitation
of the State, that all electors shall be allowed
to hold office without reference to the color of
the skin, these means of establishing and con-
tinuing a republican government there, not
being inconsistent with any clause of the Con-
stitution of the United States, I am not pre-
pared to say that that condition is void; nor
am I prepared to say that the courts of justice
will ever hold it to be void. The question has
never been determined in the Supreme Court
of the United States, and is still open for argu-
ment and consideration. But if we have a right
to use means to execute a granted power: if,
in the language of the courts, we are the sole
judges of those means, how can it be when we
employ these means, they not being incompat-
ible with other clauses of the Constitution, that
our legislation is void ?
The third clause of the conditions declares:
" That the constitution of Mississippi shall never
be so amended or changed as to deprive any citizen,
or class of citizens of the United States, of the school
rights and privileges secured by the constitution of
said State."
No more humane, benevolent, and, in my
judgment, necessary provision can be inserted.
The constitution of that State declares, and it
is greatly to the credit of the convention and
people of that State who adopted it, that—
" There shall be established a common-school fund,
which shall consist of the proceeds of the lands now
belonging to the State heretofore granted by the
United States; and of the lands known as ' swamp
lands,' except the ' swamp lands' lying and situated
on Pearl river, in the counties of Hancock, Marion,
Lawrence, Simpson, and Copiah; and of all lands
now or hereafter vested in the State by escheat or
purchase or forfeiture for taxes ; and the clear pro-
ceeds of all fines collected in the several counties for
any breach of the penal laws; and all moneys re-
ceived for licenses granted under the general laws of
tho State for the saleof intoxicating liquor or keep-
ing of dram-shops; all moneys paid as an equivalent
for persons exempt from military duty; and the
funds arising from the consolidation of the congres-
sional township funds and the lands belonging
theret o, togethc r with all moneys donated to the State
for school purposes; which funds shall be securely
invested in United States bonds and remain a per-
petual fund, which may be increased but not dimin-
ished, the interest of which shall be inviolably
appropriated for the support of free schools."
Now, sir, if there be any one proposition
more generally admitted than another among
American citizens, politicians, and statesmen,
it is that in order to uphold and maintain a
republican form of government such as is
understood and practiced on this continent,
the diffusion of knowledge by means of pri-
mary schools is the greatest, the safest, and the
most effectual instrument. Now, if Congress
see fit to incorporate in this act for the read-
mission of Mississippi that she shall never
make any discrimination between the races,
either in the application of the funds set apart
for the enlightenment of the people on whom,
and on whom solely, rest theultimate responsi-
bility and existence of government itself; if
Congress see fit to declare that this is, in their
judgment, an effectual means of preserving
and upholding a republican form of govern-
ment in the State of Mississippi, I am prepared
for one to say that Congress are acting justly,
constitutionally, and righteously in inserting
this condition, and I shall be amazed, sir, at
any decision of a court of justice which shall
set aside this condition of the readmission of
Mississippi as unconstitutional and void. To
my mind such an idea is monstrous indeed.
Certainly, Mr. President, that clause in the
Constitution of the United State.? imposes
upon Congress a great duty. Congress'is to
guaranty a republican form of government
to each State in this Union. It is in itself
an active principle. Congress cannot stand
still and suffer outrages and wrongs to be
committed in a State, suffer a State to be
revolutionized, and converted into a despotism
or into a monarchy ; for it is under an obliga-
tion imposed upon it by the whole people of
the United States to see to it that a republican
form of government is not only established,
but is maintained for all time to come. If we
can resort, sir, to any means to secure the
perpetual continuance of republican govern-
ments in the States of the Union, I insist that
we may resort to the means of spreading uni-
versal, impartial education among the people.
I cannot doubt it.
I have said all that I desire upon the subject
of the constitutionality of these provisions.
The question is in some sort new, a3 I have
heretofore remarked. It has not been a subject
of litigation, to my knowledge, in any import-
ant court of the Union; but according to the
lights which I have been able to gather, the
best consideration which I could, as a lawyer,
bring to the subjeet, I must say that I think
these conditions—not being in conflict with
any clause of the Constitution of the United
States—may properly and constitutionally be
annexed to the readmission of insurgent States;
and this, sir, does not take away from the citi-
zens of the various States of the Union their
ordinary power to amend their constitutions at
all. It is simply an exercise of that great,
controlling, beneficent, superintending power
imposed upon us by the whole people of the
United States, to see to it that in this country,
and in the whole of this country, there shall
be nothing butgovernments republicanin form,
in order to carry out those great objects an-
nounced in the preamble of the Constitution
of the United States:
" To establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity,
provide for the common defense, promote the gen-
eral welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to
ourselves and our posterity."
There, sir, was the great object, the promi-
nent and foremost among all objects, the pres-
ervation of republican liberty in contradistinc-
tion to the despotisms and the monarchies of
the Old World.
Mr. NORTON. Will the Senator from
Michigan allow me to ask a question?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. NORTON. WilltheSenatorfromMichi-
gan sajr that he is willing that the Congress of
the United States should regulate the school
system of the State of Michigan?
Mr. HOWARD. That question, Mr. Presi-
dent, has nothing whatever to do with my
argument. It is not whether I am willing or
whether the State of Michigan is willing. My
willingness, or the willingness of my State, or
the unwillingness of my State, has nothing to
do with the question of constitutional power
to annex these fundamental conditions.
Mr. NORTON. If the Senator will allow
me—
Mr.
HOWARD. The question is not, let
me say to the Senator from Minnesota, one of
pure practice and convenience, but is one of
constitutional power in this body.
Mr. NORTON. If the Senator will allow
me 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Michigan yield to the Senator from
Minnesota?
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say to my friend,
in response to his question, that if my State
should become so smitten with judicial blind-
