1870.
THE . CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3141
in a. very extraordinary robbery. The honor-
able Senator from Maine tells me that he in-
vestigated it and was satisfied with it, and the
Senator from Oregon [Mr. W ilijams] assures
me of the same thing. One bill is on top of
na?e 8 of the Calendar, being House bill No.
jr?, and the other is House bill No. 886, at
the bottom of page 6.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not objected to
my friend from New York having this bill taken
up, because he stated that he was absent when
iiwas reached, and if heremight have explained
it in sach a way that we should be willing to
pass it by unanimous consent. _ But it seems
to me tbat it involves the sauie principle, though
the facts may differ, as the brood of bills on
the Calendar providing for reimbursing public
officers who say they have lost money, a&d
probably have in most instances, while in charge
of it. I have great doubt as to the propriety
of passing a bill of that character in any case.
I do not say that I should not vote for this case
if it were to be considered; bat inasmuch as
the whole subject will involve some time in its
consideration, and will determine what we are
to do in the thousands of cases that will mul-
tiply hereafter, it seems to me we ought to go
ou with the Calendar under the understanding
we hare had, acting only on those cases to
which there is bo serious objection. _ I think
we had better go on, because I perceive that I
cannot distinguish and suffer this bill to pass
by nnanimou8 consent without involving myself
in the obligation to suffer the bills of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota for all the postmasters to
pass by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to make two sug-
gestions. In the first place, this is not the
case of an officer who was the custodian of
funds. On the contrary, it is the case of a man
who was the custodian of property, and in point
of ethics and morals be was a bailee for bire,
and nothing else ; and when he had acquitted
himself of every duty that devolved upon him,
and by unavoidable accident his safe was rifled
of this property, he stands acquit, I submit, in
every regard which can be considered as a
moral question. In the next place, the honora-
ble Senator from Vermont dia not objeot in the
first instance, and if he will allow me I should
like to appeal from " Philip drank to Pliiiip
sober " in that regard, and ask him to stand by
his original good-nature, which prevented him
from objecting, on this occasion and let the
bill be considered. I submit to the honorable
Senator that it is not like bills touching post-
masters and persons having charge of funds.
Jt is not that case; and 1 hope he will find that
distinction broad enough to quiet bis conscience,
if indeed his conscience impels htm to object
to this, and let the question be considered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the bill had bet-
ter go over, as it involves the whole question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont objects.
SERVICES IN TAKING CENSUS OF I860.
llr. SA.WYER. Will the Senator from
New Jersey be good enough to withdraw bis
objection to Senate bill No. 99 ? X desire to
withdraw the amendment which I offered and
lend a substitute to the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to resuming the consideration of the
bill {S. No. 99} to pay loyal citizens in the
States lately in rebellion for services in taking
the United States census of 1860, which was
passed over informally ? The Chair hears none.
The bill is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend the bill
by striking out the proviso and in lieu thereof
inserting:
Provided, That no money shall be paid on account
of aay sach claim until proof satisfactory to the
secretary of the Interior of the loyalty to the United
states throughout the late rebellion of the person
«y whom eaid service ia alleged to have been per-
lormed shall have been famished, among which
proofs shall be the oath of the person alleged' to hare
performed said service, if such porson be living.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senateas amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
courts in mississippi.
The next bill on the Calendar wag the bill
(S. No. 390) to change the place of holding
the courts of the United States for the northern
district of Mississippi. The bill provides that
the district courts of the United States for the
northern district of Mississippi, now required
to be held at Oxford, shall hereafter be held at
the city of Corinth.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with &u amendment, to strike out the
word "Coriuth," in line five, and to insert
" Holly Springs," and to add at the end of
the bill:
And no reeogimance^writ. process, order, or notice
now returnable in said court at Oxford shall be
alfocted by said ohmge, but shall be deemed return-
able at Holly Springs.
Mr. TRUMBULL, Since that bill was re-
ported the Senators from Mississippi have
desired to have it changed so as to consolidate
two districts. There are two judicial districts
now in the State of Mississippi, and they desire
to consolidate them. There is but one judge.
I have not the amendment prepared, and I ask
i that the bill be passed over informally until I
can prepare an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tbe bill will
be passed over informally, there being no
objection. The next bill in the order of busi-
ness will be read.
- POSTAGE*
Tha next bill oa the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 793) to simplify and reduoe the rate of
postage, tp abolish tbe franking system, to limit
the cost of carrying the mail, aud to regulate
the payment of postage*
Mr. SUMNER. I suppose the Senate is not
ready to proceed with that now, and it had
better be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, fhe bill will
be passed over.
Mr. SUMNER. I propose to move thatbill
as a substitute for the famous bill of my friend,
the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. CONKLING. Why not takfe it up now
and let the Senator from Minnesota move that
bill as a substitute for this?
Mr. RAMSEY. The bill referred to is a
special order, and comes up as soon as the
Calendar ia throngh.
removal op disabilities.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 794) to relieve certain persons therein
named from the legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States, and for other
purposes.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move that that bill
be recommitted to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities for the pur-
pose of making some amendments.
The motion was agreed tot
railroad land gftants.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 275) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
Columbia river to Great Salt Lake.
Mr. COLE. That had better go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Th* bill will
be passed over. ~
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(3. No. 477) to atpendan act entitled "An act
for a grant of lands to the State of Iowa, in
alternate sections, to aid in the construction
of arailroad ia said State," approved.May 12,
1864; and to grant lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from O'Brien county, Iowa,
tp tbe Missouri river.
Mr. WILSON. That had better be passed
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
i louisiana provisional court.
The next business on the Calendar was the
, joint resolution (H. R. No. 190) for the relief
of J. Edwards Clarke, and the heirs and legal
representatives of John T. Peabody, deceased ;
which was considered as in Committee of tho
Whole.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the joint resolution with an amendment: in
line seven to strike out "$7,451" and insert
" $6,101," and in line eleven to strike out
'*$980 04" and to insert "$403 33;" so as to
make the resolution read:
Tbat tho Secretary of tho Treasury be, and ho is
hereby, authorized and directed to pay, out of any
inonoy in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to J. Edwards Clarke, late marshal of the United
States provisional court of tho State of Louisiana,
tho sum of $6,101 06; and to the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of John T. Peabody, doceased, late olerk
of said court, tho sum of $3,403 33, in full satisfaction
for all service?, claims, and expenditures of said offi-
cers, in behalf of tho Unitod States.
The amendment was agreed to.
• Mr. COLE. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Stewart, from the Commit-
tee on Ibe Judiciary, on the 18th of April:
This claim is made by J. Edwards Clarke, and the
legal representative of John T. Peabody, deceased,
for salary and office expenses while serving as mar-
shal. and clerk, respectively, of the United States
provisional court of Louisiana.
' By order of tho President of October 20,1862, tho
[ court was constituted and the judge appointed. Tho
; same order authorizedthejudge, among other things,
< to appoint a marshal and oierjc, and,named tho sal-
ary of-each.
The judge resigned in December, 1865: and no suc-
cessor was appointed, but tho marshal and clerk
continued in the discharge of their duties, and in
charge of tho records and property., until .November
24. 1866, when it would seem, from areceiptfuroished,
that everything was turned over to tho United States
district court ot the_ eastern district of Jjouistan*, in
pursuance of the third section of the apt of Congress
approved July 58, 1866.
.This sectioncxpresslyrecogniiesthelegality of the
-provisional court by declaring that its judgments
i arid decrees should be binding upon the district aud
circuit courts.
Up to the time tbe judge resigned tho expenses of
tho court were paid out of tbe contingent fund of tho
War Department, on the certificate of the judge, in
pursuance of the executive order establishing the
court.
Tbe claim was filed in the War Department, and
tho board of claims, after causing aa investigation
to be made by the officers of the War Department at
New Orleans, held that the claim was just and should
ho allowed, but that there was no appropriation then
under the control of the Department from which it
could be paid.
General Schofield, Secretary of War, approved this
report, and transmitted it to the House of Bepre-
sentatives, recommending that an appropriation be
made.
Recently, in the case of the bark Grapesliot, tho
Supreme Court of tho United States unanimously
held that the provisional court of Louisiana was
I legally established, and that its adjudications were
valid.
lieceiptsand affidavits are furnished, showing that
tho expenses actually occurred.
The fact that the judge resigned is no reason why
the other officers should be deprived of their pay
while continuing in the discharge of their duties;
neither did that resignation abolish the court itself,
Iiltt the proclamation of the President of April 2,
, I860, declared the insurrection in Louisiana at an
eud, and the act of July 28,1866, abolished the pro-
visional court of Louisiana and provided for a trans-
fer of its records to the United States courts.
It is beliered that one month was sufficient time
for a promulgation of the act abolishing the court
and for effecting an actual transfer of tbe records
and closing the office. Tho salary of the claimants
' should therefore be computed only to August 31,
1868, and it is recommended that the House resolu-
tion No. 198 be amended accordingly.
I Mr. HOWE. This claim was onc« before
I the Committee on Claims of the Senate, and
thpt committee reported adversely to it. Since
, that time it seems to have passed the House
of Representatives and been referred to our
Committee on the Judiciary, and that commit-
tee made the report which has just been read.
Another fact has transpired since the Commit-
! tee on Claims made their report, and that is, it
■ is said th^t there has beeu s decision of the
