240
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Marshall.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
yet at the end of the year they find it difficult
to meet the demands of the tax-gatherer, and
are eDgaged in an endless struggle to keep pov-
erty and want from their doors. In the East,
among the protected classes, wealth arid lux-
ury are seen everywhere. Money lords meet
you in every town. Incomes of $50,000 and
$100,000 and more per annum are too common
to attract observation. Lordly palaces rise to
bless the eye with their beauty and almost kiss
the Heavens with their splendid domes. Their
owners ride in gorgeous carriages and their
tables are loaded with the luxuries of all lands.
They own bonds by the million, and we less
favored mortals of the West are their humble
debtors. How is this strange condition of affairs
produced? To many it is deemed a most
inexplicable mystery. To me the explanation
seems obvious; it is effected by an insidious
and unjust system of taxation. The mass of
the people, it is true, do not see how this is
done. Atrophy has seized unon them; they are
bled at every pore every (Jay of their lives;
they are conscious of exhaustion and decay,
but dream not of the source of the disease.
Mr. Chairman, some fi fteen years ago a strange
and dreadful malady afficted a portion of this
city. It struck down some of the strongest and
most powerful in the land. Science was baf-
fled. No one could tell what it was or whence
it came, and all attempted remedies utterly
failed to perform their office. It was known
as the "National Hotel disease." The vic-
tims felt the grasp of the monster upon them,
but knew not what it was. But the disease
was a reality nevertheless. The poison was in
their veins, but they knew not whence it came.
And day by day they traveled their hopeless
journey to an inevitable destiny, andforyears
they were dropping one by one into the grave
from which there was no escape. Take the
strongest man, in the vigor and health of a
robust manhood; tap the smallest of his veins
from which a drop of blood can be taught to
flow; conceal the puncture from him, and day
by day, drop by drop, let this imperceptible
stream continue to flow, and the strong man,
though unconscious of the loss, will be ex-
hausted, and if it is not stopped decay and
death are inevitable.
So it is with the people of the West. They
have been tapped by the protective system. A
ceaseless stream flows ever from their veins,
unconsciously to many of them. They are pay-
ing taxes every day of their lives on every tool
they use, on everything they eat, drink, or wear.
The farmer starting to his work has a shoe
put on his horse with nails taxed 07 per cent.,
driven by a hammer taxed 54 per cent.; cuts a
stick with a knife taxed 50 per cent.; hitches
his horse to a plow taxed 50 per cent, with
chains taxed G7 per cent. He returns to his
home at night and lays his wearied limbs on a
sheet taxed 58 per cent., and covers himself
with a blanket that has paid 250 per cent. He
rises in the morning, puts on his humble flan-
nel shirt taxed 80 per cent., his coat taxed 50
per cent., shoes taxed 35 per cent., and hat
taxed 70 per cent.; opens family worship by a
chapter from his Bible taxed 25 per cent., and
kneels to his God on an humble carpet taxed
150 per cent. He sits down to his humble meal
from a plate taxed 40 per cent., with knife
and fork 35 per cent.; drinks his cup of coffee
taxed 47 ner cent., or tea 78 per cent., with
sugar 70 per cent. ; seasons his food with salt
taxed 100 per cent., pepper 297 per cent., or
spice 379 percent. He looks around upon his
wife and children all taxed in the same way;
takes a chew of tobacco taxed 100 per cent.,
or lights a cigar taxed 120 per cent., and then
thanks his stars that he lives in the freest and
best Government under heaven. If on the
Fourth of July he wants to have the star-span-
gled banner on real bunting he must pay the
American Bunting Company of Massachusetts
100 per cent, for this glorious privilege. No won-
der, sir, that the western farmer is struggling
with poverty, and conscious of a wrong some-
where, although he knows not whence the blow
comes, that is chaining him to a life of endless
toil and reducing his wife and children to beg-
gary.
sophisms of the monopolists.
The advocates of a high tariff have several
favorite dogmas which, though often proven
to be false, they adhere to with wonderful per-
tinacity and repeat with extraordinary volubil-
ity. The first is, "We ought to protect our
American industries against the competition
of foreign pauper labor." Certainly Ameri-
can industries should be properly protected by
the Government. But what are American in-
dustries? Are not navigation, and ship-build -
ing, and farming, and railroad building, and
the labor of the thousands of poor sewing-
women, the carpenters, the blacksmiths, and
other mechanical occupations of our country,
are not these all American industries? And
yet to put money into the pockets of the man-
ufacturers you have by your high tariff taxed
our commerce from the seas, destroyed our
ship-building interests, put a burden of from
three to five thousand dollars per mile upon
every railroad enterprise in the land, and are
robbing the farmers, mechanics, and laborers
of the country of one half of their substance and
their earnings by enhancing the price of every
tool or machine they use, everything that they
are compelled to purchase.
I say, too, that we should protect American
industry. Protect it from the cruel greed of
heartless', grasping capital; protect it from
spoliation ; protect it by just and equal laws
and by striking off every tax not absolutely
necessary to an economical and honest admin-
istration of the Government.
"importations injurious to the american
laborer."
We are often told that by permitting import-
ations we favor foreign as against American
labor. How unfounded is this pretense will
appear by a moment's consideration. That
which gives to man the greatest amount of the
comforts of life for a given expenditure of labor
is of course the most favorable to the laborer.
Everything that we have or procure, wherever
it may be made, is the result of our own efforts;
in other words, the production of our own labor.
And the proper question for consideration is,
how can we procure those things that we need
with the least expenditure of effort or labor on
our part? To illustrate: Jones and Brown are
neighbors, and each is in need of a coat. J ones
is a protectionist and opposed to exchange, and
especially to purchasing goods of foreign pro-
duction, and holds that every man should him-
self make everything possible that he uses, or
purchase alone that which is of American man-
ufacture. Brown is not troubled with any such
theories, but believes in procuring whatever he
may need with the least expenditure of labor.
Both go to work to procure a coat. Jones
makes his at home, and after three weeks' hard
work in carding, spinning, weaving, &c., he
succeeds in turning out a very indifferent coat.
Brown, on the other hand, goes to work at his
regular business, and in ten days' time procures
the means to purchase a much better coat,
made abroad, and brought by commerce to his
door. After getting his coat he has ten days
left to be used in procuring other comforts for
himself or family.
Now, in this case each has procured a coat
by his own labor. Its acquisition in either case
is the result of American or home labor. Jones
acquired his by the expenditure of twenty days'
labor; Brown his by ten days' labor. Now,
which has pursued the wiser course, and which
course,if-uniformly practiced, would most likely
result in riches and prosperity ? The protec-
tionists say that Brown has acted unwisely, and
as most men, if left free to do so, will persist
in acting in the same way a protective tariff is
established by which you impose on him and
others the necessity of performing double the
amount of labor, that would otherwise be re-
quired to procure the necessaries of life. And
this outrage is perpetrated under the pretense
of protecting American labor from the compe-
tition of the pauper labor of Europe. All this
cry about the pauper labor of Europe is made
to mislead our own people. What we want is
an enhancement of the purchasing power of our
own labor ; and whoever enables me to procure
the necessaries and comforts of life with a less
expenditure of labor than would otherwise
be necessary confers on me a benefit. And
whether this is effected by new inventions, im-
proved machinery, or cheap labor abroad, or
other causes, to me makes no difference.
In the instance given suppose that by means
of this improved machinery greater skill, or
cheaper labor in Europe, the coat had been
brought to Brown at such a price that he could
have secured it by an expenditure of five days'
labor instead of ten ; how, I would like to
know, would Brown be injured by the opera-
tion? The hollowness of this whole pretense
is too apparent to mislead any one. It is not
the competition of foreign labor that you dread.
You are inviting and encouraging what you
call this pauper labor, and it is coming to our
shores at the rate of 300,000 souls per annum to
engage in competition with American labor. To
this you make no objection, and the cheaper
you can get this labor the belter will it please
capital. It is capital, not labor, that your tariffs
protect in its lawless and grinding exactions,
by which American labor is oppressed and the
American laborer outraged and robbed.
"a high tariff will reduce prices."
Another sophism of the monopolists is that
a high tariff will reduce prices by the increase
of domestic production. "The higher the
tariff' the lower the prices" was for a long time
their battle-cry. The absurdity of this position
is too gross for human credulity. If instead
of 5 cents per pound on coffee we make the
duty 20 cents the simplest intellect can see
that as the importer must pay this tax he will
add it to the price, and that the cost of coffee
would be doubled to the consumers. And so
must it be with all articles imported that are
also produced in this country. As long as the
goods are imported the importer must pay the
duty and must add it to the price, and the
domestic producer will put up his goods to the
same level. If the domestic manufacturer of
the same article should undersell the importer
importation would necessarily eease and all
revenue from that source be cut off. It fol-
lows inevitably that the consumers pay the tax
imposed, whether the Government derives rev-
enue therefrom or not.
" we must protect our infant industries."
But, argue our defenders of monopoly, let
us protect our infant industries, and when they
have grown to manhood, when their muscles
are hardened, they will need no further pro-
tection, and will bless and reward the country
for all the sacrifices made in their behalf by
furnishing all articles of their manufacture
cheaper than they can be produced elsewhere.
But before we listen further to this appeal let
us know how long infancy lasts in our country
and when these infants will be in a condition
to be weaned. This was the appeal made in
1816, when protection first reared its hydra head
in our land. Our grandfathers listened to the
delusive appeal and granted the request. In
1824 the "infants" wanted an increased amount
of pap, and it was granted. And again in 1828
the taxes were raised still higher for the benefit
of the infants. And so it has gone on from
time to time. These infants have fastened them-
selves upon the breasts of our mother, our own
