2198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
Eion to Martha P. Greenlee; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee 011 Invalid Pensions.
change of reference.
On motion of Mr. ARNELL, the Committee
on Education and Labor was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of
the faculty of William and Mary College, and
the same was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
education of the indians.
Mr. ARNELL, from the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, reported the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Sesolved, That the Secretary of the Interior he re-
quested to furnish to this House a specific statement
of the efforts that have been made by the Govern-
ment to educate and civilize the Indian tribes within
tho limits of the United States; the amount of money
that has been expended forthat purpose by the Gov-
ernment and by charitable institutions, and the suc-
cess which has been obtained, or tho results that have
been secured by thoso efforts, so far as tho facts can
bo ascertained.
territorial corporations.
Mr. McNEELY, from the Committee on
Education and Labor, reported hack, with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute, the
bill (H. R. No. 1044) to authorize the Legisla-
tive Assemblies of the Territories of the Uni-
ted States to pass general acts of incorporation
for educational and for other purposes.
The substitute was read. It authorizes and
empowers the Legislative Assemblies of tho
several Territories of tho United States to
pass general acts of incorporation permitting
persons to associate themselves as bodies-cor-
porate for the purpose of establishing and con-
ducting schools, colleges, universities, libra-
ries, museums, galleries of art, and other
institutions of an educational and benevolent
character.
Mr. McNEELY. I move tho previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read tho third
time, and passed.
Mr. McNEELY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that tho motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. McNEELY. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Knott,]
who desires to introduce a bill.
tost routio in kentucky.
Mr. KNOTT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. li. No. 1008) to establish a
post route from Mount Sherman to Laudville,
La Rue county, Kentucky; which was read a
lirst and sccoud lime, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
order of business.
Mr. ALLISON. I object to anything fur-
ther except the regular order, whatever that is.
The SPEAKER. Upon that objection the
Chair desires to make a single remark. The
call of committees for reports is frequently
interrupted for the introduction and reference
of bills, in the reference of which two or three
days makes no difference whatever, as upon
every Monday morning the amplest opportu-
nity is given by the call of the States for the
reference of bills. The Chair will enforce the
regular order without further demand. Busi-
ness must be proceeded with, and if the gentle-
man is not prepared to go on with the reports
from his committee the Chair will not recog-
nize his right to yield the floor, but will call
the next committee.
marine hospital at natchez,
Mr, PERCE, from the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that the same do pass, a bill (H.
R. No. 1602) donating the marine hospital at
Natchez, Mississippi, to the State of Missis-
sippi for educational purposes.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The first section of the bill provides that the
marine hospital at Natchez, Mississippi, and
all lands upon which the said hospital is situ-
ated, and the lagds, tenements, and heredita-
ments connected therewith, shall be, and the
same are hereby, donated to the State of Mis-
sissippi for the purposes of education, upon
and subject to the terms prescribed in this act.
The second section provides that the dona-
tion provided for in and by the first section of
this act is made upon the express condition
that the State of Mississippi, within three years
from the passage of this act, shall establish at
Natchez and in said building a State university
and no'rmal school for the education of all per-
sons, without distinction of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude, with such pro-
fessorships and scholarships as will provide a
thorough collegiate course for its students.
The third section provides that the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby directed to transfer
by metris and bounds, to the State of Missis-
sippi, the lands, tenements, and hereditaments
described in section first of this act; provided
that in case the said State of Mississippi shall
not within three years from the passage of this
act establish and provide for, or shall there-
after cease or fail to maintain such university
in the manner and for the purposes mentioned
in section two of this act, or if the said build-
ings and lands, or either of them, be used for
any purpose other than is provided in this act,
then and in such case the said marine hospital
lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and any
and all improvements thereon, and the title
thereto, shall revert to the United States, and
tho Secretary of the Treasury shall make such
reservation in the transfer of the said property
to said State.
The fourth section provides that this act
shall take effect from and after the date of its
passage.
Mr. CULLOM. Will the gentleman who
reports this bill tell the Honse something about
it? It seems to me that this is rather an
unusual proposition, to turn tho property of
the United States_ by wholesale over to the
State of Mississippi, scarcely a State as yet.
Mr, PERCE. I will make a brief statement
of the facts in this case. There isat Natchez,
Mississippi, a building erected there at con-
siderable expense by tho Government of the
United States some years ago. It was built
for a marine hospital at a time when there
seemed to bo an epidemic for building marine
hospitals all over the country. The building
has been of no use to the Government. It is
three hundred and seventy miles from the sea,
and I do not suppose there are two occasions
during a year when the building would be used
for hospital purposes. It has been of so little
use to the Government of the United States
for the purposes of a hospital that last fall the
Secretary of the Treasury offered it for sale at
public auction. But only one bid of $11,500
was made for it, and having cost something
over fifty thousand dollars to build it it was
withdrawn from sale, for the bid was thought to
be too low. As it now stands it is but a mon-
ument of the folly of the Government of the
United States. If it shall be turned over to
the government of the State of Mississippi and
can be used for educational purposes it will
become a monument of the munificence of the
Government.
I will say further that I have consulted with
the Secretary and the supervising architect of
the Treasury, and the architect said he was
glad this bill had been introduced, and said it
would be a positive blessing to take the build-
ing away from the Government of the United
States, for the expense of merely keeping it in
repairs was too great, and it would be of no use
whatever except in some such way as this.
I now yield for five minutes to the gentleman
from Arkansas, [Mr. Rogers,] a member of
the committee.
Mr. ROGERS. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Edacation and Labor, and having
some knowledge of the subject of this bill, I
desire to say a few words upon it. The prop-
osition coming from the committee is to give
to the State of Mississippi the building which
has been erected by the Government of the
United States in the city of Natchez for the
purposes of a marine hospital. Many years ago
there were many buildings of this character
erected in places on the Mississippi river, for
the benefit of those connected with the steam-
boat interest, not only upon the Mississippi
river, but upon the Ohio river, and perhaps
on other rivers. It is now proposed, without
any investigation whatever of the subject, to
take the marine hospital building in Natchez,
Mississippi, and donate it to the State of Mis-
sissippi for educational purposes, and in that
way to deprive those interested upon the Mis-
sissippi river and other rivers of the benefits
which it was intended they should derive from
this building. There are thousands of men
upon the Mississippi river who have no settled
homes—deck hands, and even officers of every
kind on steamboats. These marine hospitals
were placed at various points on the river with
a view to accommodating those persons in case
of sickness, they having no homes to go to in
case they are taken sick or in any way pre-
vented from laboring for a support. And
further than that, I understand that those per-
sons have a vested right in and to a part of
this property, and in thus divesting them of
that right we trample upon those rights, as a
matter of course.
But, sir, without going into a farther dis-
cussion of that subject, I will remark that in my
judgment this question has not been properly
considered by the committee whence this report
comes. Iam a member of the committee ; and
I say that the subject was brought before the
committee the other morning without ever
having been referred to the committee by the
House, and at that time the matter was passed
upon by the committee. It was said that a bill
could be introduced, and an informal meeting
of the committee could be held in the cloak-
room. I objected to that, because the question
was one affecting rights which I did not feel
willing to strike down by a bill of this kind
without at least investigating the measure more
closely than we could do in the brief time that
was then given to the subject.
Sir, what do we know at the present time in
regard to this question? "What do we know in
regard to the law establishing this hospital?
The interest that the men engaged in our ma-
rine service have in this institution is a ques-
tion which ought to be considered. We should
also take into view the policy of the Gov-
ernment. in relation to these institutions; and
that policy should be maturely considered, not
only by the committee but by the entire House.
If this property which has been appropriated
for the benefit of these mariners is now to be
disposed of, if they are to be deprived of the
rights which the Government has hitherto
accorded them, then I am willing to go as far
as any one to turn over the institution for the
promotion of educational purposes in the
South. But I cannot support the measure,
until the question has been fully considered ;
nor do I believe this House will do so in view
of the statement which I make, that the bill
has never received the consideration of the
committee in any proper sense.
Under the present circumstances I ask the
House to send the bill back to the committee
with instructions to ascertain all the facts and
report that to the House, that it may act under-
standingly. The proposition to take away from
