1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
money lo them year by year, and they will run
down, tliey will deteriorate. It promotes pau-
perism, laziness, indolence. Every vice and
evil lhat is entailed upon our poor humanity
■will fall to tbe lot of any people who are sup-
ported as paupers.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator permit me
to ask him if he intends to apply his present
principles to the pauper negroes who are sup-
ported in this District by Congress by its appro-
priations?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir. I should be
very glad to apply it to them, because it is of
universal application.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask whether
my honorable friend is speakiug of the propo-
sition before the Senate, or of one he proposes
to make?
Mr. POMEROY. I am speaking of the
proposition before us, with an amendment ap-
plicable to this specific appropriation and every
other one.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
had paid attention to the bill he would have
seen that there was adopted on a former day
an amendment embodying his proposition. It
is already in the bill on the page 63. There
is a general proviso there authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Interior, with the consent of the
tribes, to appropriate any of the<annuities.
Mr. POMEROY. "With the consent of
the tribes" is just the difference between my
amendment and the amendment of the com-
mittee. It may be done now with the consent
of the tribes; and that is tbe law already. The
committee need not have put that in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. You cannot do
it without the consent of the tribes.
Mr. POMEROY. It is the law now that with
the consent of the Indians you may pay them in
money or in something else.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is that the law?
Mr. POMEROY. That is the common law
where there is a contract between two parties.
' But, Mr. President, as I have written the
amendment it applies only to this specific case,
although the remarks I was submittinguponit
would apply to any case. But I insist upon it
that it is bad policy to pay money to an Indian
tribe. I have watched the payments, and I
have seen the effect of that policy. I have seen
an Indian come in his wildness, in his blanket,
and take his eight dollars in gold, which was
his proportion of the payment, and go directly
and buy a fancy parasol with it and run away.
I once saw that, and that is a specimen of the
use of giving money to Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Butin the amend-
ment of which the Senator is speaking now
there is no proposition to pay money to Indians.
Mr. POMEROY. But there is a proposition
to appropriate $30,000 for them ; and I simply
propose that instead of making that additional
appropriation of $80,000, the money already
appropriated by the bill for these Indians in
Nebraska under their treaty stipulations may
be used for the purchase of the articles men-
tioned in this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then the Sen-
ator's proposition is against this amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; against it as a
new appropriation. I only propose to use the
money already appropriated for the purchase
of these specific articles and such others as the
Secretary of the Interior may choose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I thought the
Senator was discussing the general Indian
policy.
Mr. POMEROY. I was making remarks on
the general policy of paying money to Indians,
which always works badly, and would work
just as badlyif itwerepaid to negroes orwhite
men.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
suggest that we have a good deal of unfinished
business here, and if we are to discuss the gen-
eral Indian policy on all these propositions it
will be a long time before we conclude this
bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I have sat here three days
urging a vote on something without saying a
word ; but I have noticed that the Senator from
Maine stood quietly by while newspapers were
being read, and while men were making
observations on every possible or conceivable
subject, and I thought that some remarks on
the pending amendment might possibly be in
the neighborhood of the question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I did not rise to
call the Senator to order.
Mr. POMEROY. I will submit my amend-
ment. I want the sense of the Senate upon it.
It is simply to take the money appropriation,
if in the discretion of the Secretary of the
Interior he thinks it wise for these tribes, and
use it for the purchase of these articles which
he asks an additional appropriation of money
for. I think the money appropriation is meas-
urably thrown away, and that the money due
to the Indians had better be used for the pur-
chase of good and useful articles, than given
to the Indians and spent upon the traders.
That is the point.
I think I am in the line of concurring with
the measures that are being adopted by this
Administration for the improvement and ele-
vation of the Indians. I want to encourage
them, and I want every dollar appropriated to
be used at their discretion for that purpose, and
not given to the individual Indian for him to
spend upon whisky and tobacco. As we have
taken them in hand to legislate directly for the
Indians, and to do with them what wise men and
benevolent men have a right to do, we have a
right to make that diversion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the proposed amendment to the
amendment.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment so as to make it read :
Any portion of tbe money annuity to be paid under
treaty stipulations, and hereby appropriated, may be
used by the Secretary of the Interior at his discre-
tion for the purchase of wagons, teams, tools, agri-
cultural implements, live stock, &o.; and for the
orection of houses for the Indians in the northern
superintendency.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire of the honorable
Senator who is chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations if that amendment is not
substantially now in the bill by a general pro-
vision ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is; but the
amendment of the committee requires the con-
sent of the Indians.
Mr. HARLAN. Surely the honorable Sen-
ator from Kansas does not wish to have this
done without the consent of the Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes; that is his
object.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope, then, his amend-
ment will not be agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted. There have been some
instances where abuses have existed in pur-
chasing goods without the consent of the In-
dians. 1 know that formerly sheet-iron hoes
were purchased iu New York and sent across
the Isthmusfor the Indians in Oregon, without
their consent. One of the first things I did
when I came here was to object to the purchase
of goods in New York for the Indians on our
coast. By that system Merrimac prints were
purchased in New York. When the packages
got to Oregon they would prove to be nothing
but common prints and good for nothing. I
object to purchasing Indian goods without the
consent of the Indians. Now they are in the
habit of purchasing the blankets in Oregon
right from the factories where the very best
article is manufactured; and so with their
flannels and woolen goods, and they know just
what they get, and if they do not get what
they purchased they go back upon the manu-
facturers. I am opposed to this proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. The Indian is never con-
sulted as to the purchase of the goods.
Mr. CORBETT. Oh, yes.
Mr, POMEROY. The goods are bought in
New York, andthelndiansknow nothingabout
them or what kind of goods they are.
Mr. CORBETT. The Indians do tell the
agents what they want to purchase, and when
they get a blanket they know whether they get
a sleazy horse-blanket or a first-rate Oregon
blanket.
Mr. POMEROY. They may know it, but
they have no remedy.
Mr. CORBETT. They make complaint if
the agent does not get the right goods. If
they are shipped from New York there is no
recourse. There is no opportunity of proving
that the articles purchased were not those
obtained.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Kansas
to the amendment of the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. DAYIS. I will state one word of ob-
jection to the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Kansas. If I understand his prop-
osition it is, in a single word, to repudiate
treaties which the United States make with the
Indian tribes. That is his mode of preserving
peace with the Indians and civilizing them! I
do not think his mode would have any success,
or that there is any wisdom or justice in it;
because if the Indians insist upon anything
with great tenacity, itis upon a strict and literal
observance of their treaty stipulations with the
Government.
Mr. POMEROY. I only want to say that
there is nothing of the character of repudiation
about it. You agree to pay the Indians so much
money, and you give him greenbacks, or you
give him blankets, or you give him whatever
you choose to give him now. Greenbacks are
not money in any sense known to the Indians.
The Indians do not know anything about them.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the honorable Senator
this question : where there is an express stip-
ulation to pay the Indians in gold liis annuity,
or in money, would it or not be a violation of
faith and of treaty obligation to refuse positively
to pay him in gold, and to pay him in plows or
any other commodity?
Mr. POMEROY. That does not apply to
these Indians. These Nebraska Indians have
no contract for gold at all.
Mr. DAVIS. But I am objecting to the gen-
eral proposition of the honorable Senator. His
proposition is simply this, that the Indians
should be taken possession of by the Govern-
ment as the wards of the nation, and just the
power and discretion that is exercised by a
guardian over a ward should be taken and
exercised by the Government over the Indians.
Mr. POMEROY. That is exactly it.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think that would suit.
Mr. POMEROY. That is precisely my view.
The Senator has well stated it.
The amendment to the amendment was
j-gj
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were 31, and the noes 8.
Mr. THAYER. I thinkwe had better have
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THAYER. This is simply a proposi-
tion to give $30,000 to these Indians as a gift.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire, Mr. President,
to say one word upon this amendment. Much
display has been made in various wa,ys through
the country about the success with which the
Quakers have conducted Indian affairs where
they have been in charge, and there has been
an invidious distinction made between the
Quakers and other persons who have charge
of Indian agencies and the control of Indians.
Now, sir, it is a very easy thing for these
Quakers to succeed if they are the favorites
of the Government. When twenty-five or thirty
thousand dollars are put into the hands of a .
man to be used at his discretion, to ingratiate ,
himself with the Indians or to please them, no
