503G
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
fled that a single year's neglect will be the
ruin of these fisheries. There were extensive
fisheries ou the coast of Asia which have been
completely broken up by being neglected by
the Government. There were extensive seal-
fisheries on the eastern coast of South America,
and they have been ruined and the seals have
been driven away by the neglect of the Govern-
ment. Now, sir, it' these fisheries are left with-
out some protection 011 the part of somebody,
they will become broken up and all revenue to
the Government from that source will be lost.
I think the Government cannot go into the
business of fishing. It seems to me it must be
letout, farmed out, if you please, to some com-
panies or some body of men who shall have a
motive to protect the seals.
I learn by inquiry that about one hundred
thousand, or possibly one hundred and twenty-
five or one hundred and thirty thousand seals
can be taken annually, and the number kept
up; but if you take more than that you are
• likely to break up the fisheries entirely. If a
gun is fired on the island the seals disappear.
If you kindle a fire in the presence of seals the
seals disappear. They are exceedingly sensi-
tive to these matters.
The Aleuts who inhabit those islands are
maintained by these fisheries, and it is import-
ant to the inhabitants, as well as to the seals,
and to those who secure in civilized countries
the furs from the seals, that they should be
maintained; and the only way to maintain them
is to put over them some authority, somebody
who will guard and protect the seals according
to those natural laws which the seals follow.
They follow an instinct higher than law indeed,
the law of nature, and we must conform our
law to meet that, higher law impressed on their
natures. I think a delay of a single year will
destroy these fisheries.
Mr. COLE. I am in favor of a pretty long
lease for this business. As has been stated
here, such a lease will afford inducement to
the parties, whoever they may be, who have
control of the business, to protect and guard
the seal interests. It has been said that a live-
year lease, a short lease, was long enough for
an experiment. Lei, me assure Senators that
this is 110 experiment. It is a business that
has been carried on, I think, for a hundred
years, and we shall gather some wisdom in the
management of the seals if we revert to the
practice of the Russian Government. They
let the seal fisheries for a long terms of years ;
I think to one company for fifty years at, a
time; and we shall do v/ell if we follow, so far
as we can consistently, the policy that was pur-
sued in reference to this business by the Gov-
ernment that preced;d us in the jurisdiction
over these islands. I believe that this bill is
pretty well guarded. I see that a bond is
required to secure the proper performance of
the obligations of those to whom this lease is
granted. I am therefore in favor of a pretty
long term of years as the time for which the
business may be carried on by one company.
Mr. CORBBTT. The Senate passed a bill
at the last session of Congress ou this subject
much les? favorable to the Government than
this bill of the House. We passed that bill
after a full discu' sion, in which the necessity
of protecting these seals was shown. During
that discussion it was stated that the seals had
once been driven from these islands to other
islands, which aiv distant, and the killing of
them upon these inlands had to cease for seven
years or longer before they could be induced
to return ; and th"n but a very limited number
of them were allowed to be killed annually,
and they had to be driven into the interior and
killed under cert: in rules and restrictions, or
otherwise they w >uld bp driven from their
lodging places. The bill that wo passed le-
qaired the Secrets, ry of the Treasury to lease
these islands to the best bidders, and then to
assess one doHar upon every skin that was
taken, and limiting the number to one hun-
dred thousand per annum. This bill provides
that there shall be two dollars paid upon each
skin, giving $200,000 to the Government, and
in addition $50,000 for the lease of these
two islands. That will give the Government
$250,000 as against $100,000 proposed by the
Senate bill of last year, and whatever the Sec-
retary of the Treasury might have got for the
lease in the bidding upon it.
Now, Mr. President, as the morning hourhas
nearly expired, I hope we may be allowed to
take the vote on this subject. I think the
House bill is properly guarded. It will give to
the Government a revenue of $250,000. The
natives on these islands are really starving for
want of employment, and unless'some such
measure as this is passed they are very likely
to starve.
Mr. CASSBRLY. When I asked a moment
ago for an opportunity to examine this bill it
was because 1 had no distinct recollection of
the provisions of the Senate bill. I find now
that the Senate bill passed this body more than
a year ago. Ilcnce, it is not surprising that the
provisions of it had escaped from my memory.
I have since had the opportunity of examining
the House bill, which I then desired, and it
seems to me that upon the whole it is a satis-
factory bill.
Mr. STEWART. Let us have a vote.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from.
Nevada will allow me 
Mr. STEWART. I beg pardon ; I did not
intend to interrupt the Senator.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire t-o say but a
word, and then the Senator can have the vote
as soon as be desires. From the best under-
standing I have been able to obtain of this
substitute, I think nothing would be more inju-
rious, considered either in the form of the
financial interests of the United States or the
value of this fishery, than to open the killing
of the seals to a general batlue, the result of
which would be the extermination of these
valuable and extremely harmless animals. The
provisions of the bill, in the first place, per-
mitting Congress to repeal the act or to amend
the act; in the second place, giving to the
Secretary of the Treasury full and continuing
control over the whole subject during the pend-
ency of the lease; and in the third place,
requiring a bond in §500,000 for the exact
performance of all the requirements of the law
and all the rules and regulations of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, seem to me to protect in
every respect the interests of the Government.
I therefore have no sort of objection to the
amendment of the House being put upon its
passage.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I recollcct
something about the passage of this bill ori-
ginally. It seems to me quite as extraordinary
now as it was at that time, it is entitled " A
bill to prevent the extermination of fur-bear-
ing animals in Alaska," by giving to a partic-
ular company the right at pleasure to go there
and slaughter them. Now, sir, I have no doubt
that this particular company is composed of
most excellent gentlemen. Some of them I
know, and I have as much confidence in them
as I have in any set of men with whom I am
acquainted. The company interested in this
measure at the present time, and who take a
deep interest in the passage of this bill, is com-
posed of very excellent,gentlemen, and I think
they would do their duty so far as any company
would do it.
But. sir, there is a very grave objection to
this proceeding, [t is the commencement of
a series of legislation which is to change our
whole ideas of government. We are to com-
mence the same routine that was commenced
by the British Government and the Russian
Government, of letting out their interests to
companies for a consideration for long periods
of yeais. We know well enough the history of
those English companies, both in America and
in India. We know that they became very
powerful institutions; indeed more powerful
than the Government itself. It is probable that
this company may not become so much so,
because they will not have the same oppor-
tunities, will not have the same domain to
operate upon, but they will undoubtedly follow
the same course that was pursued by those
other companies. All that is wanting in that
respect is" the opportunity to exercise their
power.
Now, sir, this company having influence
enough to pass this measure, will have influence
enough at all times not only to continue their
power for twenty years, but also to get an
extension of their power. They will not cer-
tainly be less powerful at the end of five, six,
or twenty years than they are at the present
time with such an interest as that before them.
Butthe principle involved in this measure is
most revolting, or ought to be, to any Ameri-
can. We have a Government which has been
instituted for the express purpose of guarding
the interests of individuals, not of extending
particular privileges to companies congregated
together for the purpose of promoting their
own self-interests to the exclusion of individ-
ual interests. Here is a powerful organization
made in the interests of the individuals them-
selves, who ask from the other citizens of the
country the protection of the Government in
order to deprive every other individual who
may wish to go to these islands and engage
in this business, of the opportunities that he
should have under such a Government as ours.
The Government of Russia is well adapted
to extending such privileges as these. They
have never been really congenial to the Brit-
ish Government, but were always injurious to
their interests and the interests of the citizens
there. The American people cannot look
upon such a measure as this, at any rate if
they look ahead to the influence it will have in
the future upon the general interests of society
and the rights of citizens, without some degree
of alarm. No measure has been presented to
Congress which strikes more directly at the
rights of the individual than this. In my judg-
ment it would establish the most dangerous
precedent that has ever been established by
this Government. It, would be the commence-
ment of a series of legislation to extend to
powerful corporations rights from which indi-
viduals are to be entirely excluded. Sir, I
know of no measure, as I have said, so well
calculated to arrest public attention as this one,
throwing out, of consideration the seals alto-
gether, as a matter of humanity, but coming
back to the mere principle of the interest of
the individual and of the rights of the Amer-
ican people, and of an effort which strikes
directly and more directly at the civil liberty
of each individual than ony that has ever been
attempted neretofore.
Now, sir, there is not a single interest which
the Government possesses that, it may not as
well extend to corporations as this one, and
better. What is the argument that is made
on this subject by the friends of this bill? It
I is that nature has made this monopoly. I beg
leave to differ from that argument. Nature
makes no monopolies, but offers to each in-
dividual the same rights, the same privileges,
and the same interest in anj' such domain as
th.io.
That is all I have to say with regard to the
policy of commencing a system of most extraor-
dinary monopolies, which are to wrest from
j the people their several individual rights, and
■ which must ultimately result in the establish-
ment of dominating companies ail over this
country, taking possession of every interest
whatever. But, sir, there is another consider-
ation. The_ American people have very little
veneration indeed. Why, sir, it seems to me
they would almost sell the bones of Washing-
ton if a company could be organized with suffi-
cient power and influence to command a large
enough sum to do it. There is scarcely any-
thing sacred in their presence that- will make
money. Here, for instance, are a set, of the
most innocent, harmless, and attractive ani-
