1254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
nesa as to disregard those high principles of
republican government which she has carried
out since her birth as a State; if she should
so far forget her whole duty as to give the
suffrage to ten, twenty, a hundred, or a thou-
sand of her leading and eminent citizens, con-
fining it to them solely, depriving all other
classes of the right to vote; if she should so
far forget her right and duty to the children of
the State as to pervert the school fund, which
belongs to them, from inuring to their benefit
and confer all its benefits upon a privileged
class, refusing to extend them to the mass of
the people, I should be the first, sir, to appeal
to the Congress of the United States to ap-
ply the corrective and to exercise this great
power of guarantying a republican govern-
ment, whether my State Bhould will or nill.
Mr. NORTON. The Senator will allow me
to ask, without going into details atall—because
you may suppose almost anything on any ques-
tion—whether he is willing to allow the Con-
gress of the United States to regulate the
school system of State of Michigan ?
Mr. HOWARD. If it were not 
Mr. NORTON. I ask that not so much per-
sonally to the Senator from Michigan, but I
ask as a Senator upon this floor would he allow
the Congress of the United States to regulate
the school system of the State of Michigan?
Mr. HOWARD. I should wish the Congress
of the United States to regulate the school
system of Michigan if 
Mr. NORTON. I should not in Minnesota.
Mr. HOWARD. If it should be converted
to such purposes and abuses as I have sketched
I think the honorable Senator from Minnesota
would be equally anxious that the same cor-
rective power should be applied to Minnesota.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The VICEPRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. NORTON. I insist that in the school
By stem of Minnesota, in the disposition of our
school lands, of the grants that have been made
by the Congress of the United States, we have
made what seems to us to be the best disposi-
tion and we have instituted what seems to us the
best school system. That is for us to decide,
and neither the Congress of the United States
nor any other power has a right to regulate or
control it.
Mr. HOWARD. That is the opinion of the
Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Michigan yield?
Mr. HOWARD. I am done.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, as the ques-
tion involved in discussion to-day and on Fri-
day is of some importance in view of the power
of Congress over the lately reconstructed States,
I desire to say a few words in answer to what
was said by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thur-
man] on Friday. The Senator's argument on
Friday was based upon this declaration:
"What was a republican form of government when
the Constitution was formed would be a republican
form of government now, for the Constitution hag
not changed in that respect. The same meaning that
that provision had when it first went into force is the
meaning which it has now. Subsequent events can-
not change that meaning, and therefore what was a
republican form of governmentwhen that Constitu-
tion was adopted by the American people, and went
into operation in 1789, is, in contemplation of that
instrument, a republican form of government now."
He argued from that that inasmuch as slavery
in a State was consistent with a republican
form of State government in 1787, it is consist-
ent now, and that inasmuch as a denial of all
civil rights to a part of the people was consist-
ent with the definition of a republican form of
government when the Constitution was formed,
so it is now; that therefore in guarantying to
a State a republican form of government now,
we cannot go beyond the definition of a repub-
lican form of government in 1787, and the use
of means must be constrained to such elements
as were requisite to a republican form of gov-
ernment in 1787; and that slavery, the denial .
of civil rights to a part of the people, the denial
of education, the denial of protection to a part
of the people being then practically consistent
with a republican form of government, so they
are now, and that our power under that clause
is restrained to the definition of a republican
form of government as understood in ,1787.
Now, Mr. President, I controvert that posi-
tion entirely. I insist that definitions advance,
that what was a*democracy in the time of
ancient Greece is not now regarded as a
democracy ; that such a republic as that of
Venice would not now be regarded as a repub-
lic but simply as an oligarchy; and that the defi-
nition of a republican form of government,
which was perhaps contemplated when that
clause was put into the Constitution, is not now
regarded as a definition of a republican form
of government either in the Constitution or out
of it. I controvert the position that this clause
means the same thing now in the Constitution
that it did in 1787, because every amendment
that is put into that instrument which is in con-
flictwithan existingclause modifies and changes
the meaning of that existing clause. If we put
an amendment now into the Constitution that
is in conflict with the definition of a phrase or
of a sentence as it was employed in 1787 then
that definition is to be modified so as to be in
harmony with the new amendment, and the
meaning of it is changed as effectually as if the
amendment had been put into the Constitution
in the first place. Therefore, if we have now
amended the Constitution so that its essential
character is changed, that amendment operates
upon the definition of a republican form of
government as defined in the Constitution as
fully as if it had been put there in the beginning.
Now, Mr. President, by the thirteenth amend-
ment, abolishing slavery, we have declared that
slavery in a State is not consistent with a re-
publican form of government; have we not?
By the adoption of the fifteenth amendment,
declaring that suffrage shall not be denied on
accountof race or color, we have substantially
declared that the denial of suffrage on account
of race or color is not consistent with a repub-
lican government in a State; that is my argu-
ment. And by the fourteenth amendment we
have declared that all persons born in the Uni-
ted States are citizens of the United States and
of the State where they reside, and that is a
declaration which must be held to modify the
definition of a republican form of government
in a State; and we have further declared that
no State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States, and therefore no
State government that infringes this provision
can now be considered to be a republican form
of government, 8uch as we are bound to guar-
anty. Again, "nor shall any State deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property without
due process of law." States did that at the
time the Constitution was first formed, but they
cannot do that now; and so far the original
definition has been amended.
Then, to have a republican form of govern-
ment now there must be no slavery, there
must be equal civil rights, there must be pro-
tection to all, there must be no taking of life,
liberty, or property without due process of
law. AH these things now enter into the defi-
nition, but did not before.
Then the position taken by the Senator from
Ohio is not sound. The Constitution requires
that the United States shall guaranty to each
State a republican form of government. I
should like to inquire how that is to be done?
How is the United States to guaranty or to
secure, for that is what it means, a republican
government to each State ? It cannot be done
by joint resolution, declaring that each State
shall have a republican form of government.
That does not accomplish it. It can only be
done by the use of means, and the means that
tnay be proper in one State may not be proper
in another State. Whatever means may be re-
quired to secure a republican form of govern-
ment in the State of Mississippi may bo used
although the same means may not henecessary
in the State of Maryland or in the State'of
Massachusetts. The means are not bound j0
be uniform. It is evidently an idea that lias
entered into the minds of a great raanv men
that the means must be uniform. Not "at all
sir. They should be adapted to the particular
State where the republican government is to
be secured, and means that may be proper
and necessary in one State may not be proper
or necessary in another State. We are to use
the appropriate means; and as to what the
means shall be we are to judge, and as to the
application of the means we are to judge.
It is supposed by some that we cannot guar-
anty a republican form of government until it
has been destroyed ; we are to wait until it has
been overthrown before we interfere ; we can-
not interfere in the first place to protect and
preserve, but we must wait until it is destroyed,
and then build up. Sir, that is not the mean-
ing of the Constitution. AVe have just as much
power to prevent the overthrow of a republican
form of government as we have to build it up
when it has been overthrown. The part of
prudence is to interfere to prevent it, rather
than wait until the thing has been accomplished
and then try to restore it. The Constitution
clearly contemplates that in securing or guar-
antying a republican form of government we
may use such means as may be necessary for
that purpose. And now I will ask my friend
from Minnesota, [Mr. Norton,] in securing a
republican government in the State of Missis-
sippi, what better means can we employ than
the universal education of that people? In
a State like Mississippi, just emerged from
'slavery, where nearly one half of the people
cannot read or write, I ask him what better
guarantee, to use the language of the Constitu-
tion, can be created for a republican form of
government in thatState than to secure the gen-
eral education of the people? Can the Sena-
tor deny that no betterguarantee can be resorted
to ? And, sir, we have a right to use the means
in advance. We are not bound to wait until
the work is done.
But, he asks me,, shall the Government have
power to interfere in the State of Minnesota?
I say no. Perhaps that is a question of judg
ment, but its power not to be exercised lightly.
Like the power of declaring war given to Con-
gress, we are not to exercise it upon every occa-
sion and declare war for trifling causes. It is
to be exercised gravely, and gravely only. You
have a school system in Minnesota intended to
give education to all. There is no reasonable
cause for interference there; but in a State like
Mississippi, where nearly one half of the peo-
ple cannot read or write, and have at all times
been denied education, where education has
been made a crime and schoolmasters have
been punished for teaching them, there is a
grand occasion, there is a broad ground upon
which Congress can interfere, and say " You
shall not impair that general system of educa-
tion that has been declared in your constitu-
tion."
And now, sir, one word in regard to Vir-
ginia. The prophecy of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] has already, to some
extent, been verified in the declaration made
by Governor Walker, of Virginia. I was very
sorry to read it, but when Governor Walker
tells the people that our power is exhausted,
that all conditions and future control ovit
Virginia are mere nullities, I tell him lie is
mistaken. I tell him that we have the right,
to use the means by which a republican gov-
ernment shall be maintained in that State, an 1
we have the power. I will not now say Im*
we shall exercise it, but we have the power \o
prevent a fraudulent violation of the condi-
tions upon which Virginia has been restored.
A Senator hands me the language of the Gov-
ernor. " He congratulates the Legislature
that they are the lawfully constituted General
Assembly of the sovereign State of Virginia
