1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3143
Mr, POMEROY. That Is the effect of the
bill now. The Secretary of the Interior is
only a clerk of the President.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon moves to amend the bill and the
Senator from Vermont allows it to be passed
over informally, as the Chair understands.
Mr. THAYER. Until he has had time to
examine it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects, and the bill will be
passed over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object to its
keeping its place on the Calendar, and when
we get through with the unobjected cases,
if Senators wish to consider it, it can be
called up again; and I may say the same of
the Post Office bills which involve some dis-
cussion. I do not wish to put tbem off in any
adverse spirit; but we had better first go
through with the cases that do not involve any
debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill will be
regarded as passed over informally.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT NATCHEZ.
The next bill on tho Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1602) donating the marine hospital
at Natcheas, in Mississippi, to the State of
Mississippi for educational purposes.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Commerce. It
properly belongs there, and shonld have been
referred there originally.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 do not know that it specially
belongs to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SPENCER. The subject of marine
hospitals certainly does belong to that com-
mittee. If the marine hospital at Natchez is
to be donated to Mississippi for educational
purposes we have one in Alabama that we
should like to have donated to us, and the
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Kelloqg] has
one in his State which he woald like to have
donated to Louisiana for educational purposes.
Mr. DRAKE. Well, sir, if the passage of
ibis bill so excites the cupidity of my friend
from Alabaftia and my friend from Louisiana
as to the hospitals that are situated in their
States, I think perhaps the bill had better go
to the Committee on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to that course, and the bill will be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
PREVENTION OF CRUELTY TO ANIMALS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 785) to incorporate an association for
the prevention of cruelty to animals in the
District of Columbia.
Mr.POMEROY. Since this bill was reported
we have passed a general incorporation act,
and I presume these people can organize under
that act.
Mr. DRAKE. If the Senator from Kansas
will allow me a moment, I will state that this is
a quasi police regulation, which cannot be
brought under the general incorporation law.
Mr.POMEROY. I will hear it read, ldo
not know what it is.
Mr. DRAKE. I should be glad to have it
acted upon.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the bill be read.
The Secretary read the bill, and it was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill, with amendments. The first
amendment was in section five, line two, after
the word ''shall" to strike.out the following
words:
As occasion may require, aid the society, its m«m-
oera, or agents in the enforcement of the laws which
are now or may be enacted for the protection of
dumb animals.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following :
application of any member of the associa-
•h.i'i arrest offending parties without a warrant, who
of Tk ta*en by such police officer before a justice
X® Peace for trial; and the proper evidence of
Membership to a police officer shall be the
Munition of a badge or certificate of membership.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let that be reported
again.
The Secretary. Section five, if amended
as proposed, will read as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That tho police
force of the District of Columbia shall, upon appli-
cation of any member of the association, arrest
offending parties without a warrant, who shall be
taken by such polico officer before a justico of the
peaco for trial; and the proper evidence of such
membership to a police officer shall be the exhibition
of a badge or certificate of membership.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask if that is not con-
ferring rather an extraordinary power on an
individual—to cause a man to be arrested sim-
ply on application, without any warrant? I
do not know but that this is the usual legisla-
tion in reference to these organisations, and
if it is of course I have nothing to say; but it
strikes me that it is giviugan individual a good
deal of power to allow him to arrest a man
without a warrant or anything of that kind.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator from Oregon
will listen to me for a single moment, I will
state to him precisely what is within the scope
of this amendment. It does propose to allow
members of this society to call upon a police-
man to take a man whom they find abusing an
animal before a justice of the peace, and when
they get him there a warrant is to be issued,
precisely as policemen now arrest men and
take them before a magistrate without a 'war-
rant. The necessity for it arises from the fact
that before you can go and get your warrant
the individual who has committed the offense
has got away.
Mr. CONKLING. It seems to me that is a
very reasonable' and just statement; but I
beg to ask the honorable Senator a question.
Under the language as it stands might not a
member of this society, without doing it on
view at all, without seeing himself any such
cruelty as the Senator refers to, go and do the
very thing here provided ? If so, then it over-
looks a great distinction which has lasted so
long in the law, that distinction which provides
that a magistrate or a peace officer should
arrest either upon process or upon view. Now,
if this is to be done upon view alone, the per-
son who does it being responsible for his act,
I see no objection. But as I heard the lan-
guage read, it struck me that any member of
this society, if I went and informed him that
somebody had abused an animal, or he heard
it in any way, might then go without process
and without his own view and cause this arrest
to be made.
Mr. HOWELL. The words "upon view"
might be inserted in the amendment. . It was
intended so.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let the words " on view"
be inserted. This society is made up of cler-
gymen and men of the highest character, who
really want to carry out a benevolent purpose.
None of them design to cause an arrest except
upon view, and then they want the policeman
to arrest the person. Letthewords " on view"
bo iQscrtsd
Mr. POMEROY. If this were a society to
prevent the stealing of animals in the District
it would ,be much more interesting to me. I
have had several stolen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine moves to amend the amendment by
adding the words "on view." If there be no
objection the amendment to the amendment
will be made.
Mr. CONKLING. How does it read now?
Mr. HAMLIN. Let it be read as it now
stands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Maine will hear it read probably there
will have to be more words added. The Sec-
retary will read the section as it stands with-
out the proposed amendment to the amend-
ment.
The Secretary read as follows:
That the poliee force of the District of Columbia
shall, upon application of any member of tho asso-
ciation, arrest offending parties without a warrant,
who shall be taken by such police officer before a
justice of the peace for trial; and the proper evi-
dence of such membership to a police officer shall be
the exhibition of a badge or certificate of member-
ship.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from New
York [Mr. Conkling] suggests to add after
the word "association," in the sixth line, the
words "who shall have viewed any violation
of this act." Let those words be inserted.
There is no objection to that. That is the
intent of the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think "witnessed" is
a better word.
Mr. HAMLIN. "Upon view" are the bet-
words.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment will be regarded as agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment will be read.
Mr. HAMLIN. The bill as originally intro-
duced provided that one half of all the fines
incurred should inure to the society for the
purpose of prosecuting this work. The Com-
mittee -on the District of Columbia propose
to amend that and give the society the benefit
of all the fines. That is the next amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in section six, line one, to strike out the
words "one half of" and to insert the word
"all;" so that the section will read:
That all the fines collected through the instrument-
ality of the society or its agents for violations of
such laws shall accrue to the benefit of said society.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add as an addi-
tional section the following:
Sec. 8. And beit further enacted. That Congress shall
have power to alter, amend, or repeal thisaetat any
time.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
CREW OF THE ONEIDA.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 788) for the relief of the widows and
orphans of the officers, seamen, and marines
of the United States vessel of war Oneida,
and for other purposes; whieh was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. The bill pro-
vides that the widow or child or children, and
in case there be no widow or child or children
then the parent or parents, and if there be no
parents the brothers and sisters of the offi-
cers, seamen, marines, and others in service
who were lost in the United States vessel of
war Oneida on the 24th of January, 1870, shall
be entitled to and receive a sum equal to twelve
months' sea pay of their respective deceased
relations, in addition to the pay due to the
deceased at the date of the loss of the vessel;
and the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury Department are authorized to compute the
pay up to and including the 24th of January,
1870, the day upon which the vessel was sunk
in Yokohama bay, Japan.
The second section directs the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to settle upon
the principles of justice and equity the accounts
of the officers, sailors, marines, and others,
including captain's clerk, on board the Oneida,
and to assume the last quarterly return of the
paymaster of the vessel as the basis of compu-
tation of the subsequent credits to those on
board, to the date of such loss, if there be no
official evidence to the contrary.
The third section directs the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department to
settle the accounts ofThomas L.Tullock, junior,
late paymaster in the Navy, who was lost in
the Oneida, with all his accounts and vouchers
for expenditures and payments made by him,
and with all the money, stores, and supplies
procured for the use of the vessel, and to allow
