1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24 T
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr, Marshall.
Ho. of Reps.
dear country, and have drawn from her her
substance, her very life-blood. The sums may
be numbered by thousands of millions of dol-
lars. Our grandfathers and our fathers who
imposed these burdens upon themselves went
down to their graves groaning under the bur-
dens and without reaping any of the promised
benefits. And now, in this year of our Lord
1870, more than half a century after this infant
cry was first raised, with this draft upon the
substance of the people greater than at any
former time, taxation higher than ever before
known, these infants are here again in their
swaddling-clothes, tell us that they cannot stand
alone with all the support we have given them,
and ask for more milk from the mother's
breast—still higher taxation—that they may
live, I
If this is proper legislation, if we may justly
tax the people for the benefit of infant indus-
tries, let us protect all infants equally and alike.
Every effort to open up a new gold or silver
mine, or new farm, or to establish a black-
smith's or carpenter's orcabinet-maker's shop,
is an infant industry. When the young man
with no capital but his own strong arm, honest
heart, and manly purpose goes forth into the
forest with his ax to make him a farm and a
home, taking with him his young wife whom
he has just clasped to his bosom and sworn to
love, cherish, and protect, here is an infant
industry in a double sense, deserving the ap-
proval of man and the smiles of Heaven.
How do you protect these industries? By
spoliation and oppression. You give thera
the same protection that the highwayman gives
to his victim, that the wolf gives to the lamb.
"A JIIGn TAltlFF OK PROTECTION GIVES US A BETTER
MAiUiET."
Another assertion is that a high tariff will
give a better market and higer prices to the
agriculturists, and will increase the wages of
labor. This is the favorite hobby of the mo-
nopolists, and I propose to give it some con-
sideration. Admitting for the moment the
truth of this assertion, what right, 1 demand,
have you by legislation to increase prices for
the benefit of one or a dozen interests to the
detriment of all others? There are thousands,
yes, millions, who neither farm nor manufac-
ture for market; old men and women who have
passed the years of active labor and who are
trying to live upon the accumulations offormer
years; the maimed soldier who is trying to
lengthen out his miserable existence upon the
wretchcd pittance given him by his Govern-
ment; the widow and the orphan struggling
in poverty to retain a portion of the humble
means left by the deceased husband and father;
and thousands of others similarly situated.
What right, I repeat, has a common govern-
ment to promote the interests of any class or
section by enhancing the cost of every article
of consumption; to steal in upon these unsus-
pecting citizens and rob lliem of one half of
their substance without even a pretense that
you are giving them any consideration for their
property that you thus lawlessly confiscate?
POSITION CONTKOVERTED.
But I deny the truth of the dogma in toto,
as far as it is claimed that a b igh tariff is in any
respect beneficial to the farmer or laborer, and
assert that its effect is in every respect directly
the reverse. JUeason and experience lead to
the same conclusion. The monopolists in mak-
ing this assertion assume without authority that
manufactures would not exist in our country
without the protection that tariffs give. This
I deny. Wherever agriculture and commerce
are prosperous manufactures spring up and
flourish as the invariable and inevitable con-
comitants. Iron manufactures sprung into ex-
igence daring the colonial period, not only
without bounties or protection, but in the very
teeth of hostile British legislation. Cotton and
woolen factories were plying their busy voca-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 16.
tions iu New England before protective legis-
lation was dreamed of in our country. And
it is my deliberate conviction, after much con-
sideration of the subject, that we would have
more and more varied manufactures in our
country to-day if we had never had a tariff on
our statute-books than we now have or have
ever had during our national existence. We
have abundantand overwhelming evidence that
high tariffs are injurious to the laborer, to agri-
culture, and to all mechanical pursuits and
industries.
TARIFF OF 1842.
When the tariff of 1842 was enacted the max-
imum duty was 20 per cent. By that act the
average of duties on protected articles was
more than doubled. The result was the cutting
off of importations, the consequent decrease
of exports and great injury of the market for
our own productions, the enhancement of the
price of all manufactured articles, and at the
same time not merely a relative but an actual
decline in the wages of labor and the prices
paid for the productions of the farm. This pro-
duced widespread distress and led to almost
universal dissatisfaction, especially in the agri-
cultural districts. In 1845, three years alter
this tariff had gone into operation, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury caused to be prepared two
circulars, one with forty and the other twenty-
eight interrogatories, which were sent into all
parts of the country and placed in the hands
of manufacturers, merchants, leading farmers,
public officials, and others to ascertain as near
as possible the actual condition of the business
of the country. The manufacturers as a class
generally declined to answer, or to give any
information in regard to their business, and
especially in regard to the profits on their cap-
ital invested. But a great deal of valuable
testimony from all parts of the country was
elicited, nevertheless, which is published iu vol-
ume two, Executive Documents, first session
Twenty-Ninth Congress. This evidence, which
is quite voluminous, is curious and worthy of
a patient study, and established satisfactorily
these propositions.
1. That during the existence of the tariff of
1842 the price of all manufactured articles was
greatly enhanced;
2. That the price of the productions of the
farm was reduced;
3. That the average profit of farmers on the
capital invested in their business did not exceed
from 2 to 3 per cent.;
4. That the profits of manufacturers on the
capital invested in their business were gener-
ally fromlO to 50 per cent., and sometimes even
greater ;
5. That the effect of this high tariff had been
injurious, and in many instances disastrous to
the agricultural, the ship-building, and the nav-
igation interests ; and
ti. That the wages of labor had not advanced,
but on the contrary had generally declined, in
consequence of said high tariff.
1 cannot, of course, give here any consider-
able portion of this evidence; it is accessible,
and gentlemen can examine for themselves.
But I cannot refrain from giving a portion of
the evidence of a gentleman well known in my
State, Hon. Braxton Parrish, who has held
various important offices, State and Federal,
and who is nowa venerable and highly respected
citizen of my own district. Writing from Shaw-
neetown to the Secretary of the Treasury Mr.
Parrish says:
"The profit ton farming] has not exceeded 3 per
cent, since 1842." * "Fortheten
years precedingwheat ranged from 75 cents to SI per
bushel, corn from 25 to 40 cents. During the latter
period, in 1844, wheat, 50 cents per bushel; 1845. 40
cents. Corn lias fallen from 20 to 121 cents per bushel.
Laborers could save for the ten years preceding 1942
from $70 to £80 per annum; sinco the latter period
their wages will scarccly sustain them. Within the
periods mentioned labor has fallen from 812 and v>15
to $7, and even $5 per month." : :t!
"Tho protected articles are much higher now, in
general, than in 1842. Tho grower of agricultural
products has been compelled to live almost entirely
withm his own resources. Sugar js extensively dis-
used: so of cotton fabrics other than those manufac-
tured on domestic looms. Home-made woolens are
extensively used as a substitute for cottons. Horses,
cattle, mule?, and live hogs have fallen within the
period mentioned 50 per cent.1'
The testimony of Hon. William M. Jack-
son, Of Chicago, and Murray McConnell, J.
A. McDougal, and D. Eobb, of Jacksonville,
is to the same effect. Mr. Robb estimates the
average profits of farmers at 2 per ccnt., and
adds that—
"Beforo 1S42 wheat was 70 cents, corn 20 cents:
since 1842, wheat 50, corn 12j. Prices of all kinds ot
produco are lower sinco the tariff. Pork, tho last 0
years, 2 cents, boef 2 cents, horses 435, mules 1.50.
Previous to that time horses $60, mules $40, pork 4
conts, beef, 4 cents."
Mr. Parrish adds to his testimony the follow-
ing admirable remarks, which are as true and
appropriate to-day as when they were written :
"It is a law of trade that the exports and im-
ports of nations must bear some equal proportion lo
each other. The effect of a high tariff, such as that
of 1842, must prove fatal to tho agricultural inter-
ests in enhancing the prices of many necessaries of
lite, impairing the value of agricultural products,
and closing tho best foreign markets against us by
levying sueli high duties upon imports that we can-
not aiforcl tointiodueo them into the country. Many
articles of merchandise aro higher now in this State
than they wore previous to 1812, and agricultural
products lower."
From Massachusetts Hon. Johnson Gardner
reports the average profits on capital engaged
in agricultural pursuits at not exceeding 2 per
cent., and says:
"There are in tho State manufactures otall kinds.
Their profits for the last 3 years have not been less
than 25 or 30 per cent."
Even from protected Rhode Island Hon. E.
Wilbur, of Newport, collector, furnishes this
table, showing how farm products were affected
in that State:
_ Prices.
1832 lo 1842. 1312 to 1SJ5.
Hay per ton $15 00 $12 00
Corn per bushel  92 0 70
ltyo  1 00 0 87
Oats  42 0 37
Potatoes  :s:i 0 30
Onions  37 0 25
Beef.  (> 0 01
Pork  10 0 00
He furnishes also a more extended and more
valuable table to the same effect, too Jong to be
produced here, but wluch will be found on page
335 of the document referred to. He says that
'' the manufacturers refuse to answer questions
in regard to their profits; a fair estimate isprob-
ably 20 to 30 per cent.;" that he furnished the
several agents of manufacturingcoinpanies with
copies of the questions; that the agents refused
to answer; and that the facts set forth refer to
the county of Newport, and are to be regarded
as estimates.
Similar testimonj' was received from various
portions of the Union; and while many strong
high-tariff arguments were received, and many
explanations were made of the causes that pro-
duced the decay of public prosperity, (which
was doubtless, as in all other instances, effected
to some extent by other causes,) it appears
beyond all question that the high tariff of
1842 did not bring the promised prosperity to
the country, and that during its existence tho
agricultural interests wore less prosperous than
in almost any period of our history.
This most disastrous tariff was superseded
by the low revenue tariff of 1840, which gave
new life to commerce and restored the pub-
lic prosperity. The decade that followed was
unquestionably the most prosperous known to
our history. Taxation was almost unknown
and unfelt, the expenses of living were light,
and labor was everywhere amply rewarded.
The effect on the country of the low tariff of
1846 was similar to that produced 111 England
by the reduction of taxes under the leadership
of Sir Robert Peel. At the very next session
