1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5031
mals that the Creator has given to man ; and
yet,' without any respect to preserving those
beings, we propose to grant one company a
monopoly in their slaughter. Why, sir, it seems
to me it is only a monster of iniquity who would
slaughter them. I should regard him as the
enemy of everything sacred and good and right
who would go there and engage in the slaugh-
ter of these harmless and defenseless creatures,
who look to me more like human beings than
any other animals that I know of.
I think it is a most startling idea to organize
a company here under the false pretext of pre-
serving these animals, when the real object is
to allow them to go forward and slaughter
them. And they are not to be allowed to be
slaughtered in the usual way. These gentle-
men have a refined way of slaughtering them.
They are not to be killed with guns, nor with
noise, nor with fire, nor with anything of that
kind; but according to some improved plan
which is really the most barbarous method that
can be adopted. They are to be killed with a
club in the hands of a savage. It is to be
wielded in perfect silence. He is to make use
of it in the most approved and most barbarous
plan. This is the way in which we are to pre-
serve these most beautiful and most attractive
creatures
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Tennessee will please suspend. The morning
hour has expired, and the bill (II. R. No. 2045)
to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses, is before the Senate, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment of the Senator
ftom Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] in regard to Bes-
semer steel.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that the regular
order be laid over informally, in order that we
may take a vote on this matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan asks unanimous consent to lay
aside the tax bill informally, for the purpose
of disposing of the amendment of the House
of Representatives to Senate bill No. 32.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think we can get a vote
in a very short time.
Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, yes; it will take but
a few moments.
Mr. FOWLER. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was going to say that
I do not waut to interfere with the passage of
this bill if we can have a vote upon it without
debate.
Mr. CHANDLER. The friends of the
measure have nothing more to say. Let us
take the vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should be very glad to
pee a vote taken on this bill if it were to lead
to no further debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Tennessee objects ; and it can only be
done by postponing the regular order.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I move that the
regular order be postponed for the purpose of
taking a vote on this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio objects to that. It is a matter, how-
ever, for the Senate to decide. The Senator
from Michigan moves to postpone the regular
order with a view of disposing of the hill before
the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. The tax bill will come
up again the very moment we get a vote on
this bill, and it will take but a few minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will place it in the
power of any Senator here to exhaust this
"whole day. As I understand, the Senator from
Tennessee states distinctly that he is going to
oppose the bill by a long speech.
mr p.tt a ndtjer. OSi.no:
Mr. CHANDLER,
speech.
Oh, no ; not by a long
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall not object to the
tax bill being passed over informally if a vote
can be taken at one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Tennessee, however, objccts to its being
passed over informally.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to postpone the
regular order, in order to dispose of this mat-
ter. I will give way to the Senator from Ohio
whenever he asks it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. We have not done any
morning business yet, and I have a bill which
I should like to introduce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This, however,
is morning business, which, under the twenty-
fourth rule, has priority, and has occupied the
whole morning hour, and the Senator from
Tennessee is on the floor.
Mr. FOWLER. I understand the bill (S.
No. 82) to prevent the extermination of fur-
bearing animals in Alaska isbef'ore the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. FOWLER. I shall occupy but a mo-
ment longer. Mr. President, I had stated that
my general and greatest objection to this bill
was that it was the commencement of a series
of legislation which gives a monopoly of per-
sons the right to a great interest while it ex-
eludes all the rest of the American people from
this interest. I also stated that I was opposed
to the slaughter of these animals in this way.
I am also opposed to the Government engag-
ing in such a business.
If we have citizens that have no regard what-
ever to anything which is saered, let them go
off iuto these waters and slaughter these ani-
mals in this approved but barbarous method;
but I am opposed to the Government engag-
ing in such a thing. The Government might
as well itself send out a Treasury officer for
the purpose of taking charge of this busi-
ness, and slaughtering them itself, and engage
in the business directly, as to commission a
company to go and do it. It is the same in
morals; it is the same in interest; it is the
same in every other respect. But, sir, it is a
mistake that these animals will be destroyed
in time. The individuals who are so earnest in
regard to this matter do not believe this state-
ment themselves. They have been preserved
thus long, and the Government of the United
States has preserved them since it has had pos-
session of the islands; and what is the reason
we cannot pursue the same policy hereafter?
If it be the intention of the Government to
withdraw all the troops we have from Alaska,
and withdraw all the government we have from
that territory, (and we might as well do'it,)
then, of course, we shall have no expenditures
to make on account of Alaska; but if we have
to make an expenditure we may as well make
it from the Treasury at any rate, for we shall
get precious little of these $250,000.
There is another consideration which has
been alluded to also, and that is the econom-
ical point of view. The Government may have
an opportunity of getting something from this
tax of f250,000, and this gives one other tax
we never heard of before. The House Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and the Finance
Committee of the Senate have ransacked every
avenue to taxation; they have studied the
human being inside and out; all his external,
all his internal wants; they have searched his
moral and intellectual nature to find where
there is a solitary want upon which they can
lay a tax, and they levy a tax on it. There is
no waut of humanity, from his highest spiritual
to his lowest physical want, that has not a tax
laid upon it. Here the Government have found
out in these Arctic regions a set of helpless
animals, and it is proposed now to tax them !
This is extending the principle of taxation
a little further than 1 had any wish to extend
| it, or than I had supposed it possible. I did
i not think there was inventive power enough
j in the Ameiican people, who are certainly the
j most enterprising in this as well as other things
j of any people on the globe, to discover a new
i source of taxation; but they have proved ade-
quate for the capacity of discovering wherever
a farthing of tax can be assessed to put it on.
Nevertheless this conies off the persons who
use these skins after ail, and they are to pay
not only the tax, but they are to pay the tax at
the bidding of the self-interest of a powerful
company who have the sole control of this
entire business. These men take as many
skins as they choose. They put them in the
market when they want to, and they put what
price they please on them, and those who pui 
chase them will have to pay this exorbitant
price to the company.
Here 13 again a feature of this bill that I
object to—to me it is extraordinary in its char- ,
acter—that the right to fix the market .value
of any useful article whatever should be estab-
lished by the Government. These people have
by law the authority to say how much you shall
pay. The Government authorizes them to tax
the people. To me it is a system fraught with
injustice. It is a system of robbery of the peo-
ple, not only of their means and money, but a
system of pillaging them of their rights. That
is all I have to say in regard to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin,
to postpone the further consideration of this
subject until to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from.
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilsost] to the House
amendment, to strike out " twenty" and insert
" five " before years.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that we
ought to act in this matter, and therefore a bill
should be passed. I believe we are all agreed
on that; but I think there is serious doubt as
to whether this monopoly should be extended
twenty years. I agree with what Senators have
said, that five years is long enough; and allow
me to remind you, sir, how long a period twenty
years is in our history. Twenty years in our
history is almost like a century in the history
of another nation or in another-age. I think,
therefore, that we should not confer this mo-
nopoly for so long a period. It is projecting
it too far into our future.
Mr. SCHURZ. I wish merely to say a word
in reply to a remark made by the Senator from
Indiana and other^, that a lease of twenty years
would be a greater inducement to those hold-
ing the monopoly not to exterminate the seals
than a shorter lease. The bill contains a pro-
vision that the lessees shall give bond to the
amount of $500,000 for the observance of the
rules and regulations prescribed by the Treas-
ury Department. I think that bond of $500,000
will be just as good an inducement for them to
observe the rules and regulations prescribed
by the Treasury Department when they have
a lease of five as it would be if they were granted
a lease of twenty years.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to strike out twenty years and insert
five years.
Mr. SCHURZ called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 18, nays 43 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Davis, Fow-
ler, Hamilton ot Mary land,Howe, McCreery, Robert-
son, Schurz, bprague, Sumner, Viekers, and Wil-
son—13. ^ „
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman, Car-
penter, Casseriy, Cliandler, Cole, Gonklin?, Corbett,
Ciagm, Drake, Eenton. Jb'orry, Gilbert, Hamlin, Har-
l:ri, Harris, llowaid, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill ot Vermont,
Morton, IS ye. Osborn, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey,
Hovels, Rice, Boss, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart,
Srockton, Thayer, Thurman, Warner, Willey, a.nd
Williams—-13.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Buckingham,
Catteii, EdmuniU, Klanayan, Hamilton of Texas,
Lewis, Norton, Pomeivy, Pool. Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Tipton, Trumbull, and Yates—16.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on concurring in the amen J merit of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. HOWE. I am not going to stand in the
way of the passage of this bill long; but I
trust the Semite will indulge me for a few
