1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1255
a State that, notwithstanding fundamental con-
ditions as futile as unnecessary, is equal in all
her rights and prerogatives with any and every
State "in the American Union; " and so she
Is: but the power to preserve a republican
form of government in every State is possessed
by Congress, and Congress is to judge of the
means to be used in this State or that State,
and may vary the means according to the vary- I
ing circumstances of each State. Can there
be any question upon that subject? And if
Virginia shall now violate the very terms of i
her°aclmission, and seek to practice a fraud, it
will be for Congress to determine the way and
the method by which to vindicate its power.
I reply to the argument of the Senator from
Ohio, that the definition of a republican form
of Government once consistent with the slavery
of one half or two thirds of the people; once
consistent with the denial of civil rights to one
half of the people; once consistent with the [
denial of education and of protection to a
majority of the people, has been changed by ,
the repeated amendments of the Constitution,
and such a Government would now be utterly
inconsistent with a republican form of govern- ;
ment as defined by the Constitution of the .
United States. |
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator from '
Indiana allow me to ask him one question ? !
Mr. MORTON. Certainly. I
Mr. CARPENTER. Take the case of a j
State which is conceded now to have a repub-
lican form of government; has Congress the
power to go with legislation into that State, and
into the domestic affairs of that people, and
regulate its concerns with a view to its there-
after having something beside republican form
of government? For instance, can it appro-
priate money from the United States Treasury
to carry on the purpose of education in a State
which now has a republican form of govern-
ment, on the ground that education will tend
to secure that republican government?
Mr. MORTON. The Senator puts his ques-
tion perhaps in the hardest form to answer;
but 1 understood my friend from Wisconsin to
admit, in the argument on the Virginia bill,
that when one of the reconstructed States was
admitted into the Union, we had full power
after her admission to vindicate and enforce
the terms of her admission. I think I under-
stood my friend to say that. We have the
power to secure a republican form of govern-
ment to each State. It is only to be done by
the use of the proper means. Will the Senator
deny that it can only be done by the use of
means? It cannot be done by a mere legis-
lative declaration. Now, who is the judge of
the kind of means to be used? Shall it be the
Supreme Court or shall it be the State? No,
sir; it is for Congress to judge of the kind of
means to be employed and to judge of the time
of the application.
Sir, it is a great power, as I said before, not
to be exercised lightly; but if the people of a
State are denied education, allowed to grow
up in ignorance and thereby unqualified for the
duties of self-government, and likely to relapse
into anarchy, it is clearly within the power of
the Congress of the United States to step in,
and to provide the surest of all guarantees for
a republican form of government, to provide
for the education of the people of that State.
Whether it shall be done out of the Treasury
of the United States or out of the treasury of
the State, I will not now undertake to de-
termine ; but I am only speaking of this great
broad power, and we want the men of the re-
constructed States who talk and feel like Gov-
ernor Walker to understand that we possess
this broad power, and that if occasion presents
itself we-dare to exercise it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, during
the debate in regard to imposing what were
called fundamental conditions upon the ad-
mission of Virginia as a State of the Union I
stated very briefly the grounds upon which my
judgment dissented from the propriety of that
act, and also stated my deep regret to find my-
self differing in a single particular from my
honorable and much-esteemed colleague, [Mr.
Howe. ] Reflection has confirmed that dissent
and deepened that regret. Upon any question
of mere political expediency or party policy I
should most cheerfully and shall always sub-
ordinate my individual judgment to the aggre-
gated wisdom of my political associates in this
Chamber. Free institutions can only be ad-
ministered through party organizations. No
party can exist without oneness oi doctrine and
purpose. Individual opinions must always
yield to the opinions of the majority. There
is no Senator in this Chamber who appreciates
this fact more justly than myself, nor one who
will yield to it a more cheerful obedience.
But, sir, the question before the Senate does
not belong to this category. It is in no sense
a party question. Our party, this Administra-
tion, has determined that Virginia, Georgia,
Mississippi, and Texas shall be immediately
admitted as States of this Uni6n. Upon this
subject, which I regard purely a question of
party policy, I am precluded by the judgment
of my peers, and cheerfully yield my individual
opinion, which is, that it would be wise to
defer such admission. As Republicans we
are all agreed, then, that the reconstruction of
State governments for these rebellious districts
shall immediately be accomplished. When the
case of Virginia was before the Senate, and it
was proposed to fetter her with similar condi-
tions, I voted against them upon two grounds:
1. That they were, in my opinion, unconsti-
tutional ; and
j 2. That to impose them implied, I thought,
i that if they were not imposed she might recall
i her ratification of the fifteenth amendment.
The constitutional question I did not discuss
at that time, and now ask the indulgence of the
Senate a few moments upon that point. Some
remarks which have fallen from Democratic
Senators in this Chamber, giving the reasons
which induce them to vote against these condi-
tions, incline me to state here, as briefly and
clearly as I may, the reasons upon which my
vote is given, that I may not seem, by voting
with them, to entertain their theories upon this
subject. For instance, I understood the Sen-
ator from Minnesota [Mr. Norton] that Mis-
sissippi had always been a State of the Union;
that, therefore, she had nothing to do but to
elect Senators, and we had nothing to do but
to admit them. From this I dissent.
By considering for a moment precisely what
we mean by saying a State is admitted into the
Union, we shall understand what is meant by
saying that a State has ceased to be in the
Union. We say, forinstance, that Wisconsin
was admitted into the Union in 1848. What
do we mean by this ? Long prior to that time
the district of country which geographically
constitutes the present State of Wisconsin was
a portion of the national domain, and the peo-
ple residing upon it were citizens of the United
States, and subject to their laws. What then
was done in 1848, which we call the admission
of that people into the Uniou ? Simply this,
that people, by permission of Congress, elected
delegates to a convention to frame a corpora-
tion—the State government of Wisconsin—
and this being done, Congress passed an act
admitting that corporation into the sisterhood
of States as a State of the Union.
Now, suppose that in 1849, proceeding under
the sanction of local law, that people had called
another constitutional convention, which, con-
sidering the subject, had resolved that a State
government was matter of useless expense ;
that the United States furnished all the protec-
tion needed, and had passed an ordinance pro-
viding for the abolition of the State government
which had been submitted to the people and
unanimously adopted, what would have been
the consequence of this? Why, simply that
what was done by that people in 1848 would
have been undone by them in 1849. The State
government created in 1848 would have been
destroyed in 1849. But that territory would
still have been part of the Federal domain ;
that people would have remained citizens of
the United States; a territory and a people
without local government. And what, in such
event, would have been the duty of Congress?
Clearly to have done what Congress has done
in all such cases, to establish a local govern-
ment, a territorial government to preserve the
peace and protect the people. The jurisdiction
of Congress to establish a territorial government
arises from the fact that it finds a portion of
our people residing as a compact community
upon a portion of our territory and without
local government. It is the existence of this
condition, and not the manner in which the
condition came to exist, that calls upon Con-
gress to exercise this power.
Now, sir, when Mississippi resolved to go
into rebellion, and when her people, with the
sanction of local law, called a constitutional
convention and changed her State government
in every particular which qualified it to be a
State of the Union, the corporation or Union
State government in legal contemplation ceased
to exist as a State of the Union as much in
every particular as though that convention had
abolished all local government for the people
of Mississippi; and thereafter Mississippi was
Federal territory, inhabited by citizens without
any legal government, which in a legal sense
was the same as being without any local gov-
ernment whatever. And from that moment
the power of Congress to establish a territorial
government over the people inhabiting that
locality was as clear as it was to establish a
government for the people residing in Idaho
or in Utah. Such has been the condition of the
people of Mississippi from that time to this.
I do not question that Congress had the
undoubted power to pass the reconstruction
acts, treating that people as subjugated by war
and holding them under military supervision.
Nevertheless, I have always thought that it
would have been more logical, more in keeping
with the analogies of the Constitution and the
traditions of the Government,if Congress on the
surrender of the rebel army had declared the
war at an end, all local government destroyed
by the act of the people, and had proceeded to
establish a territorial government, to continue
under the authority of Congress. In this way
that people could have been held and governed,
subject to congressional supervision, until the
angry passions engendered by the war should
have been succeeded by genuine loyalty to this
Government. Had this course been pursued
this people would doubtless have remained for
I several years in a territorial condition ; but as
this course was not taken,and as the sentiments
and opinions of our people are opposed to mil-
itary government, it has become a necessity to
hurry the work of reconstruction, and this State
government for Mississippi, created under your
authority since the war, presents herself for
admission as a State of the Union.
This government now applying for admis-'
sion is not five years old; is not the same
government that was in this Union in 1860.
It comes here now for the first time. But, sir,
it comes as a State, and you have but one thing
to determine. You can admit her or you can
refuse to admit her, but you cannot do both.
You must recognize her as possessing in every
respect and particular all the privileges, pow-
ers, and prerogatives of a State before you can
admit her into the Union, because this Union
must be composed of States, and of States only.
In other words, you may say that you are not
willing to trust the people of Mississippi to
i exercise the full powers of a State, ana there-
! fore x'efuse to admit her into the Union and
I continue to govern her by military authority
! under the reconstruction acts, or may erect a
territorial govern ment to exercise in subordin-
ation to Congress such powers as you choose
! to delegate. But, sir, you cannot take this
State government and mutilate its State powers
I and reduce it in whole or in part to the condi-
