1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4087
doubt he can succeed in his administration and
there will be peace between those Indians and
the agent, and perhaps with persons living in
the neighborhood of the agency or in the locality
where those Indians reside. But no such favor
is exhibited toward other superintendents and
Indian agents. There are men in charge of
Indians in the State that I hav.; the honor in
part to represent, who are men distinguished
for their goodness and kindness and piety, who
do not get money enough to buy a yoke of oxen
for the Indians when they need them. The
appropriations are cut down, and they are de-
prived of the power of doing what they would
for the improvement and civilization of the
Indians.
Then it is alleged that the system, so far as
they are concerned, is a failure, and the civil-
ians who do not happen to belong to this par-
ticular class of persons are excluded from the
administration of Indian affairs because they
arenotsuccessful, when the Goverrimentdenies
to them the means to make their administra-
tion a success; when every appropriation for
an Indian agency or an Indian reservation in
the State in which I live is cut down in a nig-
gardly manner, so that there are little or no
funds at the discretion of the agent or superin-
tendent ; while to these Quakers money is given
by the thousand : and then it is claimed that
they are the persons who are competent to
manage Indi^i affairs, and that nobody else
can manage them!
I have as much confidence in the Quakers
as any other person, although I believe there
is a good deal of humbuggery in this idea 'hat
because men are Quakers they can manage
Iudian affairs better than men who belong to
the Methodist, the Presbyterian, or the_Congre-
gational church. I know there are divines in
the State to which I belong, eminent in the
Methodist church, men who are as fit for the
administration of Indian affairs as any men of
any possible class, who are put out of office,
and other persons substituted, because they are
not suitable persons ; they are not as suitable
as other persons, because they are not Quakers!
Now, sir, I do not wish to oppose reasonable
appropriations for the improvement and civil-
ization of the Indians; but I wish to see fair
play. Do not pick out a particular locality,
this northern superintendency, where the In-
dians are peaceable and quiet, and where there
is no great difficulty in controlling them, and
donate money by tens of thousands to the per-
sons who have charge of these Indians, and
then claim that their policy is superior to any
other policy that any other agents may adopt
elsewhere, when to those agents you deny the
means of doing what these Quakers do. Give
to the superintendents and agents elsewhere
as much money as you do to these (Juakera,
and I venture the assertion that their policy
will be just as successful, and that there is
nothing so peculiar about this class of persons
that enables them to excel all other people
everywhere, of every class and description, in
the administration of Indian affairs.
I think, Mr. President, that the appropria-
tions upon this bill are rather liberal toward
the Indians, and in some cases I think they are
unprecedented. Heretofore it has been impos-
sible to get appropriations sufficient to comply
with the stipulations of treaties with the In-
dians, and it is true that in many cases the
Government has failed by its niggardly course
to perform the treaties it has made with the
Indians, and to make the necessary appropria-
tions to carry out the stipulations of treaties.
Now the policy seems to be changed, and not
only are the treaties to be fulfilled, buthere isa
particular agent who is to have §25,000, to be
disposed of for "beneficent purposes," and
here is another agent who is to have $80,000
to be disposed of at his pleasure. A, B, and C
, are picked out, who are concerned in the ad-
: ministration of our Indian affairs, and money is
j put into their hands to be distributed according
^ to their pleasure, while other persons, equally
deserving, and who have quite as much to do,
and whose necessities are as great, are entirely
overlooked a,nd disregarded; and then com-
plaint is made because they are not so success-
ful as these other persons who have these large
donations of money made to them.
All 1 ask on this subject is simply that the
Government deal fairly with all concerned, and
if this amount of money is to be given to this
northern superintendency then give to the
Indian superintendences and agencies else-
where money as much as they ask, as you do
here; and if their policy is not as successful as
the one here, then of course I shall admit that
I am mistaken ; but until that is done I shall
not agree that there is any special merit in any
particular class of persons over any others on
account of their religious professions or claims.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask for the reading of
the pending amendment.
The VICE P.RESIDENT. Theamendmeut
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as fol-
lows:
For the purchase of wagons, teams, tools, agricul-
tural implements, iive stock, seeds, and so forth, and
for tho erection of houses for the Indians in the
northern buperintendeney, to bo distributed among
the different tribes at the discretion of the Secretary
of the Interior, tho sum of'SiiO.OOO.
Mr. DRAKE. What does the "and so
forth " mean there?
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to know from
the honorable Senator from Iowa, at the head
of the committee, what the ct ce.te.ra means?
Mr. HARLAN. I will inform the honorable
Senator that the committee followed the rec-
ommendation of the Department and adopted
the language contained in the recommendation.
Mr. HOWARD. I am very sorry that such a
recommendation should come from the Depart-
ment.
Mr. HARLAN. If the language is not suf-
ficiently explicit, I do not object to having those
words stricken out and others substituted that
will be more precise.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to strike out the
words ''and so forth." The money might be
invested in the purchase of lands or various
other speculations at their will, under such a
broad gauge of discretion as that, or perhaps
in whisky, or what not.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask the Senator from
Michigan if he would not substitute "benefi-
cent purposes" in place of "and so forth?"
Mr. HOWARD. If I wanted an enlarged
discretion I should certainly prefer "and so
forth" to "beneficent purposes." It is not
only more broad, but would cover more things,
whether beneficent or otherwise. I do not
know that I understand this perfectly well yet;
but judging of the character of the amendment
from the remarks made by the honorable Sen-
ator from Oregon I feel a very strong opposi-
tion to it. I do not see why in the beginning
of this Quaker policy we should appropriate
$30,000 for the purpose of trying the experi-
ment of the Quaker policy, which may after
all prove a miserable failure, and, in my judg-
ment—I spealc it with the utmost respect for
those who favor that policy—a far more mis-
erable failure than the old policy has been
with reference to the Indians.
I do not wish to consume the time of theSen-
ate upon it, but I wish to say that I do not think
after the best reflection I can give to this sub-
ject that what is called the Quaker policy for
the treatment of the Indians is likely to be a
success. Sir, what appreciation has a wild
Indianofyourbenevolentand beneficent policy
toward him ? Will he remember it for twenty-
four hours? Will he not the very next oppor-
tunity he has steal the broad brim of his bene-
factor and carry it off and sell it ? He is just
as likely to do that as anything else. Speaking
of the wild Indians of the plains—a region
which the Quaker missionaries never visit, as
I understand, to which they are utter strangers
they are little better than humanized wolves,
according to my judgment. They know nothing
of the habits of civilized life ; they possess none
of the refinements or the feelings of civilized
men. Ordinarily they are utter strangers to
the principles of gratitude and tbey are as
ignorant of and as indifferent to the preserva-
tion of the faith of treaties or other engage-
meats as the ordinary wild beasts that roam
the plains.
Now, sir, I would do justice even to that
class of Indians. I would do no injustice to
any. In my opinion the safest mode of deal-
ing with them is, in the first place, to keep our
engagements sacredly and to perform our duty
to them promptly, and secondly and principally,
to see to it that they perform their engage-
ments to us. This we can only do by exhibit-
ing to them on proper occasions our power.
They respect power, and will submit to it; but
they know of no submission to any other prin-
ciple in human life; and when we are told that
benevolence toward them, moral suasion exer-
cised toward the wild, hungry Indian of the
plain, is the best means of controlling their pas-
sions and making them obedient to their duty,
I listen to it with a certain interest, but at the
same time with a great deal of incredulity.
Indeed I have very little faith in controlling
the Indians by any such means.
I do not think it fair to bestow $30,000 upon
the missionaries or the promoters of this kind
of policy to be used simply for the purpose of
an experiment in a peaceful section of the
Indian country, and at the same time to neglect
the use of the same means in other and more
necessitous portions of the country. It is a
gift, as it is properly called, to the Quaker
missionaries to enable them in a peaceful In-
dian community to try their experiment; and
that is all it is, sir, talk of it as you please. I
will never agree to bestow money for any such
purpose. 1 will treat all equally; but I'will
not give any preference to Quaker teachers
or Quaker missionaries over the missionaries
of other sects that have connection with the
Indians.
Mr. SHERMAN. I had determined not to
say one word in regard to this Indian _ appro-
priation bill, and I shall be very brief in what
I shall say now.
I must confess that I was surprised at the
vote of the Senate a few moments ago. Here
is an appropriation for small bands of Indians,
amounting in the aggregate to about five thou-
sand souls, within the limits of one ot our set-
tled States, and both the Senators from that
State remonstrate against the appropriation
on the ground that it is entirely unnecessary.
There are already appropriations in this bill
for these five thousand Indians of from one
hundred and fifty to two hundred thousand
dollars to carry out existing treaties. Nobody
proposes to object to those appropriations,
although the number of Indians who are to re-
ceive this large sum is now vastly diminished
since the formation of the treaties. I have
looked over the bill without the amendments
put upon it, and I find the amount appropri-
ated for four or five of these tribes is $148,400,
without counting the share which falls due
to the Santee Sioux, who, I am told, live in
Nebraska, and which will swell the amount
to not less than $175,000. In other words, we
are giving to these Indians now in Nebraska a
higher compensation, a higher annuity than
we are giving to the same number of families
consisting of the widows and orphans of our
soldiers on the pension-roll. Suppose.these
five thousand Indians represent fifteen hundred
families; here is more than one hundred dol-
lars to each family of actual appropriations
provided for by treaty and already included in
the bill, which is more than we give to tne
same number of families composed ot tfie
widows and orphans of our soldiers on e
pension-roll.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There are sixty-
four hundred and eighty-three ofthese•Indians.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would still leave not
less than twenty-five dollars to each Indian, or
