5032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 30,
minutes in stating why I caunot vote for it this
morning. I confess inyself not a little, but a
good deal surprised at the exhibition of interest
I have discovered in this bill in this Senate. I
have had the honor of a seat here for some-
thing like ten years, and I am bound to testify
tljat I have never yet known a measure brought
into the Senate in which or about whieli the
Senate seemed to be so accurately informed
and so generally informed, and in which tliey
seemed to have so lively and so deep an inter-
'est, as in this very bill. I never have known
a measure, I think, that seemed to excite so
general an interest.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator a question? Considering that the
Department of the Treasury lias had an elab-
orate report published, and considering that
Congress has called for that, and also for the
report of the special agent of the Department,
who has been out there for years, is it very
singular that Congress should be informed ou
this subject?
Mr. HOWE. Perhaps not. There does seem
to have been a good deal of information ob-
tained. Perhaps I ought not to think it is so
surprising that my associates about me should
be well informed; but the surprise ought father
to be that I am so ill-informed after and in
spite of that broad glare of light which lias
rested upon everybody but myself.
I never had read a document about this mat-
ter, I never had read this bill. I never bad
seen this bill until I called for it while it was
being read at the desk this morning; and yet
it not only takes complete possession of the
Senate on its first introduction, but the Senate
lays aside the bill to raise the taxes to support
this Government; it wipes that from your Cal-
endar for the time being; that goes out of your
consideration to give place to this measure—-
it is so transcendently important that not only
this measure should pass, but that it should
pas3 to-day.
I shall not enter upon any extended criti-
cism of the bill, for I cannot. I do not know
what is in it; or rather, I know but little that
is in it. I asked for but a day that I might
look it over and that I might look over some
of these voluminous documents which it is said
have been published on this subject; and yet
it is said that this bill must pass, and pass at
once.
I have sat hero when it was said that there
were tribes of Indians on your frontier whose
interests were sadly neglected, who were suf-
fering and about whose sufferings thrilling tales
were told ; I have sat here and listened to all
the sufferings of the freedmen in the South,
and of those refugees who were left without
the protection of majorities in the South ; but
I never have heard any tale of suffering told
with as much pathos as I have heard this of
the suffering up there on these islands of St.
Paul and St. George of the seals, and of the
Indians who have had a monopoly heretofore
of catching them. Their sufferings are such
as not to allow of a single day's delay in the
passage of this bill. Why? Because these seals
are so sensitive that if once driven away they
never will come back, and if you lire a gun
within their hearing they are gone. Nay, a
Senator has assured me privately that a little
dog turned loose somewhere 011 some island
scattered a whole colony of seals. I do not
dispute any of these stories. I am utterly un-
acquainted with the seal; 1 never have known
any animal so sensitive as the seal is repre-
sented, and I would not have believed there
was any animal so sensitive if I had not seen
the sensitiveness of the Senate this morning
on this very subject.
Mr. President, I shall be pardoned a little
incredulity ou this point. This bill has not
been passed yet. The Aleutian Islands, Alaska,
these possessions passed into our hands some-
thing like three years ago. The seals have not
scattered yet. Do you think they would go
before to-morrow morning? It seems to me
this great haste is not to be justified by auy
possible condition of things up there.
Mr. President, everybody but myself, or at
least a large majority of the Senate, seems to
know not only what is in this bill, but to be
entirely satisfied that it is the best bill that
could be framed. As I said once before, it
seems to be framed on the principle that the
Government owns that property—those seals.
I wish some Senator would toll me what other
possession, what other property, what other
value of any amount the Government has, or
ever had, that the law authorized a single
agent of the Government to sell upon his own
terms, to pick out his purchasers, and to fix
the terms. Does not this bill authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to dispose of this
possession ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. The bill does notproceed
on any such ground as that the Government
owns these seals.
Mr. HOWE. Then, why is the Government
disposing of the right to catch them ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is to protect the rev-
enues of the Government, to increase and en-
hance the revenues of the Government. If
no legislation was passed on this subject theso
seals would be like fish in the sea, that every
man could go and take at his pleasure.
Mr. HOWE. Why are they not like fish in
the sea? IIow do they differ from fish in the
sea, if the Government does not own them?
If the Government does not own them, who
does own them? The Government disclaims
all title to the fish of the sea, to the wolves of
the forest, to the foxes of the plains. IIow
came the Government to own these seals?
Mr. CRAGIN. Let mo suggest that these
seals come oil land.
Mr. SHERMAN. As this bill gives rise to
debate, I move to lay it aside.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am sure the Senator
from Wisconsin does not intend to impede the
progress of this bill. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will let us come to a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. For what pur-
pose does the Senator from Ohio rise?
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to lay this bill
aside.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion can
only be to postpone, under the rules now
existing.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is such oppo-
sition to this bill that at this period of the ses-
sion Senators will take the responsibility of
talking against time, it does seem to me we
ought to go ou witli business that must be
acted on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is before
the Senate, and can only be postponed by a
vote of the Senate, the effect of which would
bo to put it on the Calendar, and the Senate
would resume the consideration of the bill to
reduce taxation.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is not a motion to lay
this bill aside in order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule author-
izing that motion has been repealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then we are practically
at sea.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to post-
pone is in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is debatable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin will proceed.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to remark, in reply to
the suggestion of the Senator from Ohio, who
intimates that I am disposed to take the re-
sponsibility of delaying or defeating public busi-
ness, that the responsibility does not rest on me.
Sir. SHERMAN. 1 stated that the Senate
by its vote postponed the tax bill and took
up this controverted matter. I did not throw
the responsibility on the Senator himself, but
on the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. SHERMAN. But I appeal to the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin whether, when we have
had a vote on a question that was debated
here for a week, he ought not, without further
debate, when it is in the way of every public
measure, to forego the opportunity of express-
ing his views and let the Senate vote.
Mr. HOWE. Ten or fifteen minutes more
will suffice for me.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, that would not be
unreasonable.
Mr. HOWE. I have told the Senate, on the
word of a man who never went back on his
word here or elsewhere, that I did not speak
for the purpose of throwing this bill over. I
thought I should be indulged for a few minutes
in stating why I this morning could not vote
for such a proposition as this. If that little
opportunity is begrudged to mo, I must speak
in defiance of the wish of the Senate, but only
for a few moments, as I said.
I was trying to get corrected on my first prop-
osition in reference to this bill. I said it seemed
to be framed on the idea that the Government
owned the seals. The Senator from Oregon,
who must be familiar with the bill if anybody
is, says it is framed on no such idea ; the Gov-
ernment does not own the seals ; that idea is
not incorporated in it. I ask, then, why the
Government undertakes to lease the right to
catch them, to lease the right to slaughter them?
It does not lease the right to catch fish any-
where.
But if the Government does own this right
or this property, I say again it should not be
granted to one individual or one company to
the exclusion of all the rest of the world. That
does a double wrong. You say it is done in
the interest of the revenue. How do you know
it is done in the interest of the revenue ? How
do you know what the Government will get out
of it ? It depends on the good pleasure of the
Secretary and the individuals he deals with
what benefit the revenue gets out of it. It is
a wrong to the revenue when you put the power
to grant this monopoly in his hands. It is a
wrong to the public, because as you allow the
individuals who have the exclusive right fox-
twenty years to catch these seals you give them
the exclusive control of the market, and what-
ever they please to charge for this article they
can charge.
There are these two wrongs. I insist upon
it that if the Government has this right, does
own this property, has the right to control the
taxing of them, the Government should do it
for its own sole advantage, through its own
sworn officers, whose conduct you can control,
whom you can make amenable to your laws,
civil and criminal, not in the shape of a con-
tract. It is said that the Government cannot
go into the seal business. The Government is
going into the seal business, heels over head,
under this very act. Is there any difficulty in
an agent of the Treasury Department going
up there and hiring the very men your lessees
would hire to catch these seals, and catch them
for your use, and put the furs on the market
then?
But, Mr. President, I am not going to dwell
on either of these points. Let me make one
other point on this bill. If you are determined
to do this thing, why not do it out and out?
If you are determined to grant to men already
selected, or determined that the Secretary of
the Treasury shall grant this monopoly, why
do you not say so? Why do you cover it up
in such transparent terms as are employed
heie?
That immediately after the passage of this act
the bocrotary of the Treasury shall lease for ths
rental mentioned in section fcix of this act, to proper
and responsible parties, to the best advantage of the
United btatco—
He to be the judge of what is "the best
advantage"—
having duo regard to the interests of the Govern-
ment—
Of course, he to be the judge—
the native inhabitants—
Another party—■
the parties heretofore engaged in trade—
