'4088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
$125 fof each family of Indians living in wig-
wams to-day on reservations made for them by
treaty. There is a degree of liberality that
ought to be bestowed on Indians, but there is
a limit to it. If with $150,000 appropriated,
and ample reservations in one of our States,
where these Indians are surrounded by civil-
ization, and where we are told they have not
been molested for eight years, the Quakers can-
not take care of this small number of Indians,
in the name of Heaven, we had better aban-
don all attempts to establish an Indian policy.
That is the way it strikes me.
When it was proposed here to add to the
burdens that now rest on our people the sum
of $30,000, without limit or restraint, to be
placed in the hands of these good men who are
taking care of the Indians within the State of
Nebraska, it struck me that we were going
beyond the limits of any reasonable demand.
I am in favor of the Quaker policy or any other
•policy that will keep peace with the Indians,
and I believe that in dealing now with the wild
savages on the plains it is better for us even to
waste large sums of money than to war with
them and to be compelled to kill or massacre
them as our soldiers did during last winter. I
am willing to vote almost any sum of money
t.o maintain peace; but it seems to me this is
going a little beyond anything that can be asked
in reason. If these Indians are now settled
upon their reservations, with the advantages of
the enormous annuities we are paying them,
with the. care of the Quakers, and protected
beyond the reach or danger of encroachment,
it seems to me they ought to be cared for and
protected within the limitsof theamounts pro-
vided by the treaties and already appropriated
by this bill. 1 ask my honorable friend from
Maine if I did not state theamounts correctly?
I have taken them from the estimates, and I
suppose they are correct.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have not gone
over the items.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have taken the tribes
who live in Nebraska, who are settled on reser-
vations there, and I have taken the amounts
appropriated for them from tho book of esti-
mates, and the amount lbr five tribes, not in-
cluding the Santee Sioux, is $148,400; and the
share of the Santee Sioux would probably be
.thirty or forty thousand dollars more.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The amount
due .the Qttoes and Missourias under treaty is
$9,000 a year.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have got that; the
Pawnees, $47)780; the Winnebagoes, $54,250;
the Omahas, $20,500; the Sacs and Poxes of
Missouri, $7,870; and then there are the
Santee Sioux to be added, making a sum so
large that if the amount of Indians stated in
the book is correct—for there cannot be more
than about twelve hundred families—it would
be at least $140 to each family.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. When I was up
before 1 said 1 had no lacts on this subject
except what are communicated by tho Secre-
tary of the Interior, who recommends that this
appropriation be made subject, to his discretion,
to be expended through these agencies with
a view ol facilitating the civilization of these
Indians.
Mr. HAItLAN. Mr. President, I regret very
much to allude to motives that may possibly
control the action of Senators representing
frontier States. If I were representing Ne-
braska I doubtless would be as desirious as are
the Senators who represent that State now to
have these Indians out of the State. It would
be my interest, as a citizen of that State and
as ;i representative of its people, to have the
Indians removed. I would, therefore, as a mat-
ter of policy, oppose every appropriation that
would tend to iix the Indians in the State.
.Making appropi iations to improve their farms,
and build houses, and make them comfortable
in Nebraska would doubtless result in a refusal
on t.he part of the Indians to go away. The two
Senators representing that State and the people
in Nebraska want them out of the State. They
are not desirable neighbors.
Now, if it is the intention of the Senate of the
United States to compel the removal of these
Indians, to compel them to abandon the little
reservations they are now living on and seek
a home elsewhere, then of course it would be
good policy to follow the counsel, the advice
of the two Senators from that State; but if it
is desirable to enable them to live where they
now are, to civilize them, to Christianize them
where.they are now living, then this little addi-
tional appropriation ought to be made. The
honorable Senatorfrom Ohio says they already
receive one hundred and forty or one hundred
and fifty dollars for each family in the State.
How much improvements will $150 make for
a family? It will buy one horse; but how far
will it go toward improving a farm, breaking
up the fresh sod, and fencing in the land? We
have the statement from the men who have
been on the ground, the agents who are there,
and the committee of Friends, who have your
personal examination of the subject; they
think that with an addition of $60,000 to what
these Indians are entitled to they will be
enabled to aid the Indians in making little
farms, putting up little cabins in which to live,
and buying the necessary stock with which to
plow their land, cultivate their crops, and begin
to live like civilized people. If it is not the
intention-of Congress to enable them to do this,
this appropriation ought not to be made of this
little addition to what they are now entitled to.
I was amazed at the honorable Senatorfrom
Ohio talking of the appropriation already in
tho bill as a gratuity. It is the price of their
land ; land that we have bought of the Indians,
and which, according to the statements made
by tho honorable Senator from Maine a few
days since, was bought of them at a very nig-
gardly price. Sir, the little sum of money
already in the bill is tho price we agreed to pay
these Indians for tho lands in Iowa that the
people of Iowa are now occupying to a very
large extent. It is no gratuity, it is their own
money; we are holding it, and paying them the
interest on it at a rate at which we have not
been ablo heretofore to borrow money of any-
body elso. We have been using their money
at five per cent, interest, paying them the
interest on their own money, the price paid
to them for land. The only gratuity which is
proposed is this pitiful sum of $30,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senatorfrom Michi-
gan to the amendment, to strike out the words
"and so forth," and to insert the word "and "
before "seeds."
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected; there being on a division—ayes 1G,
noes 22.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 12; as follows:
TEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreman,
Browntoxv, Buckingham, Cameron, Corbett, Davis,
Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fowler, (iilbert, Hamilton
of Texas, Harlan, .Johnston, McDonald, Morrill of
Maine, jUorrilt of Verujout, Morton, Nye, Osboin,
Pratt, Ramsoy, Rice, Salisbury, Schurz, Scott-,
Spraguc, Sumner, Viekors, Warner, and Willej— 33.
NAYS—Messrs.Cbandl<;r,Cole, Howard,McCrecry,
Patterson, Ross, .Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer, Thayer,
Tipton, and Williams—12.
AiJStf.NT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Carpenter, Cas-
nerly, (Jattcll, Conkling, Cragiu, Fenluii. Flanagan,
Hamilton of Alary I and, 11 a mlm, Harris, Howe, How-
ell, Kolloffg, Lewis, Norton, Poineroy, Pool, Revels,
Robertson, Stewart,Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull,
Wilson, and Yates-
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS and Mr. C0LI3 submitted amend-
ments intended to be offered by them to the
bill; which were referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. It is evident that we can-
tiol_ finish this bill this evening, and there is
business that requires attention in executive
session. I therefore move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
message erom tub house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(H. R, No. 2115) to provide for the appoint-
ment of an Assistant Treasurer of the United
States at Baltimore, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
KNltOLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced- that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bill and jointresolntions; and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 97) to fix the salary of the
bailiff of the Court of Claims ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 08) to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Amer-
ican register to the bark Live Oak and to the
ship Agra, of Boston ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 137) for the
relief of Mrs. E. Grace Stevens.
house bills kei'biuusd.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 304) author-
izing the Secretary of War to place at the dis-
posal of the judges of the county court of
Greene county, State of Missouri, certain cap-
tured ordnance, was read twice fy its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 2115) to provide for the
appointment of an Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at Baltimore was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. I renew my motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to appeal
to the Senate to take a vote on the joint reso-
lution in regard to the census, without debate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We can vote on it on
Monday.
Mr. \VILLIAMS._ I have no particular in-
terest in it, but I think 
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will pardon
me, but there is business, some of it formal
and some of it that may take time, in executive
sessiou.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator if he
thinks it desirable the census should be a fail-
ure ?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not. That resolution
can be acted upon on Monday.
lhe VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business? _ After two hours and a quarter spent
sn executive session, the doors were reopened,
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 4, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
•approved.
charles ii. pendleton.
Mr. ARCHER. The Senate has non-con-
curred in the amendment of the House to the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 96) to place the name
ot Charles IT. Pendleton on the Navy ltegister
as lieutenant commander, active lisU and has
asked a committee of conference. I move that
the House insist on its amendment and agree to
the appointment, ot a conference committee.
The motion was agreed to.
batik live oak and ship agiu.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Commerce a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 98) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue an American
