2200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
$50,000 was expended forthe purpose of build-
ing a hospital forthe Navy Department. Some
time afterward a sum of, I think, $15,000 was
taken from that fund for the purpose of build-
ing a marine hospital in Chelsea. After that
applications -were made for marine hospitals in
various parts of the country, and appropria-
tions -were made from the Treasury to build
them. They were built out of funds from the
general Treasury.
It has been found within a few years past
that many of those hospitals were useless.
Where there might be perhaps some five or
ten disabled sailors to be provided for, there
would be a hospital built at an expense of
fifty or sixty thousand dollars, and kept up at
an expense perhaps of four or five thousand
dollars a year. Congress some three or four
years ago authorized the sale of several of
these marine hospitals, and 1 presume that the
marine hospital now spoken of is one of those
that were authorized to be sold. The question
now arises in relation to the disposition to be
made of the money which accrues from the
sale of marine hospitals, whether it shall go
into the marine hospital fund or into the Treas-
ury of the United States.
It will be necessary that there shall be
appropriated out of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, for the support of sick seamen dur-
ing the coming year, one hundred and fifty
or two hundred thousand dollars. Since 1846,
here has been appropriated annually from
twenty-live thousand to two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars for that purpose, and the ne-
cessity for this appropriation grows in a great
measure out of the large expenditures for these
marine hospitals that are unnecessary. The
only question is, not whether the marine hos-
pital shall be disposed of, but whether the
money arising from the sale shall go into the
Treasury, or whether the building shall be given
away in the manner proposed in this bill.
Mr. HOAR. 1 yield now to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Cullom.]
Mr. CULLOM. As I raised the first objec-
tion that was made to this bill, I desire to say
that as a general proposition I think this is
bad policy on the part of the Government; but
as it has been developed in this debate that
this hospital is almost entirely useless and is
going to decay, and as 1 regard this measure
as a good reconstruction measure, I think I
shall favor the passage of the bill. That is
all I desire to say.
Mr. HOAR. I yield the floor to my col-
league, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I only desire to say that
this whole matter in relation to marine hos-
pitals came before the Committee on Appro-
priations, and the facts in relation to them
they found to be substantially as stated by the
gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Dixon,]
the chairman ol'the Committee on Commerce.
The difficulty is how to dispose of these useless
buildings. There is one in Chicago and sev-
eral on the Mississippi river and on the Atlan-
tic: sea-board. Now, it is the conviction of
the Treasury Department, and also of the
Navy Department, that the sick seamen could
be better and more cheaply taken care of if
there were three substantial and convenient
hospitals; one on the Atlantic coast, one at
Chicago or at some other convenient point
on the lakes, and one on the Pacific coast.
The difficulty is that these marine hospitals
were constructed for the purpose of building
up fowns, and thoso who got them built have
found that they did not build up the towns.
There are great buildings there that nobody
wants, and they cannot be turned into money
for one tenth part, of what they cost. Take
the ease of the marine hospital at Galena, for
example. I understand from official sources
that since it was built, about eight or ton years
ago—1 am not certain of the date—there have
not been more than one or two sick seamen
in it all the tune ; but you cannot sell that hos-
pital building at Galena for a tenth part of
what it has cost the Government. And so of
a good many others.
Now, I am not prepared to gay that there is
any better use to which they can be put, and
especially this one, than that which is proposed
by the Committee on Education and Labor.
The trouble is that the moment this bill passes
the States in which other hospitals are situated
will come here and want a donation of those
hospitals to the States. I know what the force
of example is. I would like to see this done
if I could be certain that it would stop there.
Mr. PERCE. I now move the previous
question.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question; and there were—ayes 52, noes
41; no quorum votiDg.
Tellers were accordingly ordered; and Mr.
Peuce and Mr. Rogers were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 74, noes 44.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered, being
upon ordering the bill to be engrossed and.read
a third time.
Mr. CONGER. I ask for a division of the
House on that question. I want a division at
every stage of its progress, if the bill is to go
through.
Jlie question was put; and there were—ayes
88, noes 38.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. HOLM AN. I call for the reading of
the engrossed copy of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The engrossed copy of
the bill is not at the Clerk's desk, and if the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] insists
upon his call the bill must go to the Speaker's
table. <
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And on that I
call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. If themorninghour should
expire before the question of reconsideration
shall have been disposed of this bill will go
over until the morning hour of Tuesday next.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. We might as well let
the bill go to the Speaker's table.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It would expire before
the roll-call could be completed. -
Mr. AltNELL. 1 rise to make a parliament-
ary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
inquiry.
Mr. ARNELL. If tho yeas and nays should
be called upon the motion to reconsider the
vote by which this bill was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the morning hour should expire
before the roll-call is completed, would notthis
bill go over to tho next morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It would go over to the
morning hour of Tuesday next.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then 1 insist upon my
motion to reconsider, and ask that tho voto
upon it be first taken by tellers.
Mr. ROGERS. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I call for tellers ®n
that motion.
The question was taken on ordering tellers;
and there were twenty-nine in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being more than one fifth
of a quorum) tellers were ordered ; and Mr.
Matxaud and Mr. Rogers were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 49, noes 62.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on
the table.
The question recurred upon the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill had been
ordered tojje engrossed and read a third time.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill accordingly goes over to
the morning hour of Tuesday next.
order for a night session.
Mr. SCHBNCK. Before I make the motion
that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union upon
the special order, I move that the Committee
of the Whole be directed to take a recess from
half past four to half past seven o'clock this
evening.
The motion was agreed to.
leaye of absence.
Mr. LAFLIN was granted leave of absence
for ten days.
Mr. MeCARTHY obtained leave of absence
for three days.
joseph ii. wheat.
Mr. McGREW asked and obtained leave
to have withdrawn the petition and papers in
the case of Joseph II. Wheat, now on file be-
fore the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
tariff bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole upon the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in tho chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1008) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and for
other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ALLISON proceeded to address the
committee, but had not concluded his remarks
when the hour arrived (half past four p. m.)
fixed by order of the House for taking a recess.
[The entire speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
The Committee of the Whole accordingly
took a recess till half past seven p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
At half past seven o'clock p. m. the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
resumed its session, (Mr. Wheeler in the
chair,) and proceeded with the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend existing
laws relating to the duty on imports, and for
other purposes.
Mr. ALLISON resumed the floor.
Mr. HA1GHT. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a short time?
Mr. ALLISON. Does the gentleman desire
to address the committee?
Mr. HAIGHT. Only for a few moments.
Whenever the gentleman wishes to resume the
floor I will yield it to him again with great
pleasure.
Mr. ALLISON. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. HAIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
state in the beginning of the remarks which I
propose to submit for the consideration of the
members of the House that 1 do not intend to
occupy the tome of the committee in discussing
the general features or policy of the pending
measure. Whether a tariff for revenue only
or a protective tariff will advance the best
interest of the country I do not propose at this
time to consider; these questions have been
pretty thoroughly discusse'd by different mem-
bers of the House and from a great many
different stand-points. My object in claiming
attention at all during the general debate upon
this bill is for the purpose of calling the atten-
tion of members to an interest which, it is
claimed, and probably justly so, by those in-
terested, has been overlooked by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Moans in the provisions of the
tariff bill reported to the House. I am not
surprised, however, if such is the fact, because
in considering a measure of such importance
as the revision of the tariff law the committee
have no doubt been besieged on all sides by
those representing the many varied and con-
flicting interests, and if they had succeeded in
