187a
IHE CGNGfiBSSIOSTAL GLOBE
3145
engrossed for a third reading, read tb* tkird
tine, and passed.
AXNrtUNO OF NEW MKXICAN STATCTB.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 7S2) to annul a portion of a certain
statute of the Territory of Now Mexico: which
was considered as in Committee of tile whole.
It proposes to declare null and voiu the fol-
lowing recited portion of a statute of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, approved February 2,
namely:
"And no writ of cxaeution shall on any  eeo nt
be unrated on the real est*la of any person if there
bp n" mortjmse made by th® husband and wifeown-
inc tb« rani property. ami the Mortgage must have
beeu fiecateJ with all the lariualniaa royuirotl by
law."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose that means
that no execution shall issue against real prop-
erty unless the judgment is recovered npon the
foreclosure of a mortgage. If that is the under-
standing' the bill, of course I am in favor of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is manifestly it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose that to be the
meaning of it, and therefor* I do not object
to it
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES C. M'CRBARY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
{H. R. No. 858) for the relief of Charles C.
JlcCreary ; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Paymas-
ter General of the Army to pay to Charles C.
McCreary, of Indiana, the pay and emolu-
ments of a second lieutenant of cavalry from
the 1st of October, 1864, to the 16th of June,
JS65, deducting therefrom the pay and emolu-
ments received by him for that period as a
serjreant of cavalry in the fourth regiment of
Indiana cavalry.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
0MAJ1A AND NORTH WESTERS RAILROAD.
The ne*t bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 393) to aid in the construction of the
Oaakaand Northwestern railroad and tele-
graph line from Omaha, via the mouth of Nio-
brara river, to Fort Berthold, Dakota Terri-
tory.
Mr. ILSON'. Let that be passed over,
ihe V ICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
ptssed over.
Mr. 1HAYER. I do not understand that
theSenatorfrom Massachusetts objects. i
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the objection.
1 am willing to have the bill read. i
The VIClfl PRESIDENT. The bill will be i
reported, if no Senator desires it to be passed
over.
Tbe Secretary read the bill.
over' ^ that the bill be passed
Mr. THAYER. I ask tbe Senator if he will j
consent to allow it to be passed over inform- I
* fc" IOTHS hT« " ^
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
P***ed over informally.
KENTUCKY UNIVERSITY.
De*t 'J|ll on the Calendar was the bill
Univewit *"0r t'ie re'*e^ tbe Kentucky
Tbe Secretary read the bill. It authorizes
we I restorer of the United States to pay to
■e Kentucky University the sum of $25,000 in
^"compensation for all claim which could be
tt .e by that university, or by Transylvania
Diversity, to whose rights it has succeeded.
v 0CCUPa^*0^ of their buildings at Lexing-
n, Kentucky, as a general.hospital for United
es soldiers, and for all damages and injury
used to tbe buildings and the grounds adja-
'' f'"1 to museums and personal pron-
"/ot the university; but before timstunsbail
I ba paid a release in full of all claims against the
Government of all rents and damages that might
or conld be claimed by the Kentucky Univer-
sity, or by Transylvania University, is to be
executed in due lbrin by the proper offioers
of the university, and deposited with the Treas-
urer along with the receipt for the turn hereby
appropriated.
Mr. SUMNER. Is there a report aooom-
panying the bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a report.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us hear it.
'llie Secretary read the following report sub-
mitted by Mr. Scott, from the Committee on
Claims, on the 20th of April last:
The Committee on Claims, to whom were referred
the petition and mtpplomentnl petition of tbe reiren t
and curators ot Kentucky University. Mkiag com-
pensation lor tho value ot the medical ball destroyed
by tire while occupied by tho Govornmftnt as a eon-
eral hospital; also, lor damages sustained by the
removal ot the museum and by the detailed injuries
•uttered by other property and gronad* and f<ir rent
of t he same, have had.the game under consideration.
ami snbmit the following report:
By virtue of an order iiMied in DeoemW. 18(52. by
General Q. A. (jillwure, then eommanding tho dis-
trict of central Kentuclry, themedicalcollcKe situate
at Laxmgton, Kentucky, the property ofTransvlva-
nialinvcrsity, was occupied by tlie.United States
authorities as a general hospital. The medical col-
legei was not at that time conducting its operations
but the building containedamedioai library, musauui
ot anatomy nod natural history, otiemloal apparatus,
and ail tho bxturcs ot a medical school. There wore
large numbers of sick and wounded soldiers to be
accommodated, and to meet the exigency tbe mu-
seam, apparatus, ic.( bad to bo removed in great
hasie and deposited wherever temporary room could
be procured lor them. It is alleged that by this
removal and conseauent exposure great loss and de-
struction were occasioned, estimated at several thou-
sand dollars.
The interior of tho building was entirely changed
to accommodate it to hospital uses. The seats, ros-
trums, staging, lecture tables, &c., were removed •
partitions and stairways were taken down; additional
floors were put in; and, as rapidly and cheaply as it
could be done, it was tuted lor iiie reception of the
?? '??• > so, o«««Med until May, 1863, about
the _ld,when it took tiro and was entirely destroyed.
It is alleged this tire was first discovered upon tho
roof, near to a chimney which communicated with a
flue leading irom a.small room used as a kitchen. Tii
this kitchen coal had. lormerly been used tor fuel
A snort time before this fire occurred permission had
beengramed to use wood. It is argued that the prob-
abilities are soot bad accumulated in tho flue and h
ehimney Irom the use of wood; that the tire origin- i!
ated from this, and that the uso of this small room a  \
a kitchen lor so large a building and so many men I'
taken in connection with the change from ooal to '!
wood as fuel, make a case of negligence tor which the ■
(xovernuient should be responsible. Ihobnilding is i
alleged to have cost when erected about forty thou-
sand dollars, gold prices, and an arohitect'sestimate,
supported by aflidavit _pnta the cost of restoring it
at present prices, at $7o,0(X).
Ibo petition asks "lor a liberal compensation for
the loss ot tbis property." Iur
The supplemental petition claims rent and dam-
ages sustained by the occupation of Morrison Col-
lege, the president a house, and their dormitories. ,
wbioh had al-o been taken for a general hospital
before the medical hall, and continued to bo so occu- !
pied until the close of tbe war. Alterations were
made in Morrison Colli** much in thesame manner
as those described iu the medical hall. During its
occupancy, and until it was again repaired, the
curators ot tbe university had to procure other ac-
commodations for the academical department. The
restoration ot theso-buildings to aeonaition for occu-
pancy by too school has cost, as stated by the treas- I
orer under oath, over 159.000; " about $7,000 for the :
^rr&'f<?^P?aef^m.l?'Dg;.:fci-.0!X) ior the dormitories,
and tl.OtX) for the other buildtaga. including only
such repairs as were absolutely necessary to make
the property comfortable and tenantable for educa-
tional purposes, and not including anything for the
repairs ot fencing, grounds, slwubhery." &«.
ihese petitions are now presented by the ICea-
th8 legislature of Ken- ,
^ ,.j2d. February, I860, having reeog- !■
nised tho consolidation of Xraosyiyaoi* University
and Kentucky University, and all the funds and |
e?30]1' Ln_t0,onB corporation, under the
pameof the Kentucky University. (See Supplement s
toKevised btatutes of Kentoeiy, piige I'J,).
^iS}' °. 'he claim for compensation for :
the medical hall destroyed by fire.
If the Government had leased the building in the
absence 01 an unconditional covenant to repair and
deliver in good repair the facts do not disclose such
a case as would impose the legal liability to rebuild!
is oniy liable when an injury happens to
tbe premises through voluntary negligence, and not
arising from accidental fire, wear and
? Dirae'or 'o® liko* (Chltty on Contracts, page
aiTrl Parsons on Contracts, pags 505.)
"ta^ment of the surgeon in ohargeat the time
£!_ t'la' Jt was "purely accidental, and
h4S>iUL ,erC0ntrU ° Bny person c°nnectod with the
. y1* other hand, if |> alessethere hsd bnen
Jh« TinKihvi'i pny r?nt without oxoupting us to tiro
. ■')Ly during tho term would seoiu to
n/urWltw-t?;n(lln(r tho destruction of tlio
premises. (.Woodlall.pnges 485, 740.)
Jj'JJS ia,r|y admit of question whether tho Gov-
ernment, having exorcised its power in takinc this
'r R" '°. 1,8 vicwed in tlui siniio
nn'r^nf fk ' sustained acontraot relation
tr3 h „ t"?p,i.rly{!" making which cuu-
.)r "ls Protection in such
eontingeaoy. It was clearly private property taken
<i'f,rPU li®*' "h'io in, the possession of (lie
Govern meat, after such taking, was destroyed by
accidental Are. We mcHne to ^tho opinion that i,oN
mloot pnblio policy or of justiee toward individ-
uals requires a less strlugent rule as against the U v-
ernmcnt taking property |or its uso than would t>«
applied between private parties nndercontract Wo
certaiiUy think the Uovornpient should  t least deal
liberally With a party who has suffered baCauwj of
the occupancy of his property for public use, and Dot
deny him the benotit of rules which would cjvecom-
p i satl n as against a tenant. Especially should
this be go in the oaue  f n jmblie iMtitution s««h as
tbisone, devoted to educational purposes, aadlargoly
endowed by tho beneticcnco of city.titate, and iudi-
▼ldual contributions. Applying this rale, thou, tho
amveruty micbt at least to be libprally oompan-
sated for tho damages that have been dopo to tlio
building beforo its destruction, for rent during it )
occupancy, and for ail loss sustained by the removal
and injury to its anatomical and natural history
museum, library, apparatus. &o.
iSocpod. a  application was made for damages
done to tho other property mentioned in the sup-
plemental petition, confined, however, as would
appoar by the affidavit of Dr. Bowman, the treasurer
^ the university, to tbs carpenter work necessary to
refit the Morrison College building. An estimate
mis made by a board, composed of Lieutenant Colo-
nel Thomas Leeper, Captain Charles W. Hyde, Cap-
t Major Lewinski, who, on
j ?Li  *vun?  loop, met, and adopting an estimate in
detaii, submitted by tho committee representing the
university, found that $2,166would be noce?sary M to
restore thabuildinf^ to tiie condition ia which (hey
were at the tune they were reoeived by tho United
Btates authorities." This estimate is for "damueea
done to tho feseos and buildings of Transylvania
ymva&ity. whiie in tho possession of the United
otates. and bemff used as a hospital."
On the5th July, IStfe.thesum of $2,166 was ordered
to be paid to the university in full for all claims
against the Government arising out of the uso and
occupation ol this property.
Although the Government dees not farnbh the
evidence ol the payment of this money, the author-
ities ot the university admit they received it
It is evident, however, natwi4bstandi g the gen-
erality ot the language in the order for its payment,
that the estimate made after the destruction of the
medical bail does not embrace any ol&im for that
bui ding, for injuries to it, for rent of any of the
buildings, nor for tho damage to the museum, &o
In view, therefore, of the whole case, the commit-
tee, after considering tbe detai Is of tbe evidence, tbe
value of the property destroyed, and injury by re-
moval, the proper rental, <fccM recommend J.he pay-
ment to the university of the sum of $25,000 in full
of alt demands, and have reported a bill accordingly.
OMasaces to hall before fire     $7,000
Damages to museum. &o     ^,000
Bent of hall, say one year    5,000
Kent, of oollege. three years.,   7,600
Interest and additional repairs over
paid -     3,500
Total..
  
 - $25,000
Mr. NYE. I think that bill had better lie
over.
Mr. SUMN'EIt. It seems to me that it ought
to go with the rest. It is one of a large group
of bills, some of which have been before us,
and they ought to be treated together.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
aOAD i'UOU FORT WILKINS TO FOttT HOWARD.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 174) to extend the
time fijr the completion.of the military road
from Fort Wiljcins, Copper Harbor, Keweenaw
county,'in the Stateof Michigan, to Fort How-
ar<h Ba?> in the State of Wisconsin.
\.nt' I ask that the House
bill, which is precisely similar, may be substi-
tuted for this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A House bill
with the aame title is now lying on the table,
•and if there be- no objection it will be substi-
tuted for this Senate joint resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator will Wait
until we reach the House bill in its order.
Mr. CHANDLER. It just came over a few
minutes ago, and is now lyiRr on the Secre-
tary'* table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is   House
