3146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
bill with the Mine title, which has juat been
received from the House.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
480) to extend the time for the completion of
the military road from Fort Wilkins, at Copper
Harbor, in the State of Michigan, to Fort How-
ard, at Green Bay, in the State of Wisconsin,
was read twice, and considered as in Commit-
tee of theWhole. It extends the time for the
construction and completion of the military
road from Fort Wilkins, at Copper Harbor, in
the State of Michigan, to Fort Howard, at
Green Bay, in the State of Wisconsin, till the
1st of January, 1872. It also proposes to con-
tinue all the grants, rights, ana privileges con-
tained in the original grant in full force and
virtue till that time.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate joint res-
olution No. 174, on this same subject, will be
regarded as indefinitely postponed.
oliver powers.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 825) for the relief of Oliver Powers.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there a report in that
case?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no
report. The bill came from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported by the Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Abbott.]
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there any limit to the
amount?
Mr. WILSON. The bill was reported by
the Senator from North Carolina, Who is not
present. No report accompanies it; but there
are some papers in the case. I hare not exam-
ined them. I think the matter had better lie
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over informally.
L. V. LARKIN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 520) for the relief of L. F. Larkin,
of Weldon, North Carolina, which appropri-
ates $198 88 to L. F. Larkin, postmaster at
Weldon, North Carolina, to reimburse him for
losses sustained by the robbery of his office of
stamps, &c.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads proposed to add the following proviso:
Provided, That it shall be proven satisfactorily to
the Postmaster General that stamps and funds be-
longing to the Post Office Department were stolen,
and that the said L. F. Larkkt was guilty of no neg-
ligence in the custody thereof.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That bad better go over
with the other cases of postmasters.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed ever.
george w. kkyks.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 128) for the relief
of George W. Keyes.
Mr. tiDMUNDS. I understand this and
the next case are just like the other. Let them
go over without loss of time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This joint reso-
lution will be passed over.
a. a. vance.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1718) for the relief of A. A. Vance,
postmaster at Morristown, New Jersey.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My objection covers that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
IOWA KIYBR.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1766) in relation to the Iowa river,
in the State of Iowa; which was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It declares so
much of the Iowa river, in the State of Iowa,
as lies north of the town of Wapello not to be
a navigable river or public highway.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have that
explained.
Mr. HOWELL. I will state that this is a
navigable river, probably, under the treaty for
the purchase of Louisiana; but it is not, and
has not been for twenty years, navigable in fact.
Above Wapello, the point specified, there are
railroad bridges and other bridges and mills
and dams all along up the river; and to pre-
vent any trouble arising it is desired that this
bill should pass. I do not think there is any
objection to it, and there is nobody that could
have any interest in it outside of that peculiar
locality.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is quite clear on the
statement of my friend, if that.is all; but I
should like to ask him, and I ask for informa-
tion because I do npt know, whether there have
been any granU of land to Iowa for the im-
provement of that river ?
Mr. HOWELL. There have not been.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then there is certainly
no objection to the bill.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will state another
thing. It is in accordance with a resolution
of the Legislature of Iowa.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
cincinnati and chattanooga railroad.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 671) to promote commerce and to
cheapen the transportation of the mails and
military and naval stores between Cincinnati
and Chattanooga.
Mr. McCREERY. My colleague leaves
Washington this evening for his home in Ken-
tucky and he desires to be heard on that bill,
or at least to be here when it is considered. I
move, therefore, that it be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
Mr. SHERMAN. If thero is no objection
I should like to have it read.
Mr. McCREERY. I do not object to the
reading.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to amend it in
one or two respects.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What good does the read-
ing do, because it will have to be read again
when it comes up hereafter?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; it need not be read
again.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will not do any good;
it will have to be read over again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Represent-
1 atives, by Mr. Isaac Strohh, one of its clerks,
i announced that the House had passed a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 282) to establish the
80th day of May in each year a public holi-
day, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
benjamin cooley and j. w. bos well.
Thenext business on the Calendar was thejoint
resolution (S. R. No. 16) for the relief of Ben-
jamin Cooley and James W. Boswell; which
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The preamble recites that the amount of mail
matter carried over routes Nos. 3293 and 3804,
from Washington city, in the District of Co-
lumbia, to Poolesville, in the State of Mary-
land, during some portion of the time under
the contracts for carrying the mails thereon
from July 1, 1860, to June 30, 1864, greatly
exceeded any anticipated quantity of mails to
be carried over said routes at the time the
contracts were made, on account of the large
number of troops stationed at Poolesville and
vicinity, and which could not have been fore-
seen by the contractors. The resolution there-
fore directs the Postmaster General to examine
and adjust the claims of Benjamin Cooley and
James W. Boswell, who were contractors, re-
spectively, for carrying the mails upon the
routes named during that period, and to award
them such compensation for carrying the in-
creased bulk of mail matter, under those con-
tracts, as may to him seem just and proper,
not to exceed the sum of $1,200 to either of
the contractors.
The Committee on Claims reported an amend-
ment to strike out the word "twelve," in line
ten, and to insert "six," so as to make the
amount $600.
I The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
' concurred in.
Mr. CASSERLY. I, see that there is a re-
port in that case. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted by Mr. Howe on the 21st of April:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was reforred
Senate resolution No. 16, for the relief of Bonjauun
Cooley and James W. Uoiwell, ask leave to submit
the following report:
Benjamin Cooley was contractor to carry the mails
from Washington, District of Columbia, to llock-
1 ville, in tho State of Maryland, under contract lor
that servioo for four years onding June 30,1804, it
! being post route 3293.
I James W. Boswell was contractor for post route
> 3304. which was a continuation of the lino from Rock-
1 villo to Poolesville, in the same State, so that the
two routes (3293 and 3304) constituted tho line from
i Washington to Poolesville, a distance ot' thirty-two
miles.
A communication from George W. McLellan,
Second Assistant Postmaster General, shows that
the contracts on each route for carrying the mails
was $300 per annum for tho term, and three trips per
week on route 3304, and six trips per weok on route
3293; that when the contracts were made, and there-
tofore, tho average amount of mail matter did not
exceed from thirty to fifty pounds per trip; that soon
after tho war commenced a large number of troops
were stationed at Poolesville and along the routes,
which caused an increase of the mails to tho weight
of eight to nine hundred pounds, and which in-
increaso could not have been anticipated by the con-
tractors w hen they took the contracts. By the terms
of the contract they were required to carry all the
mail matter on the route, and no mode of conveyance
was specified. The great increase of the mails made
it necessary for the contractors to employ a two-
horse wa&on for a large portion of the time.
One of the petitioners petitioned the Postmaster
General, in 1862, for additional pay on account of the
great increase of the mails on his route, which could
not be granted, as the laws prohibit increase of pay
by the I)epartment, except where additional tripsor
extension of the route had been previously ordered,
and in that case only pro rata.
The Second Assistant Postmaster General shows
that the mails were faithfully carried to the end of
the term.
Your committee report the joint resolution book to
the Senate, with an amendment; and recommend
that it be so amended and passed.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
henry newell.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
i (S. No. 828) for the relief of Henry Newell;
which was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. The bill
proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue to Henry Newell, of Baton
Rouge, Louisiana, three ten-forty coupon
bonds for $500 each, with coupons, from and
including a coupon for March 1, 1867, in lieu
of his ten-forty coupon bonds for $500 each,
issued by virtue of an act of Congress, approved
March 3, 1864, and numbered respectively
34954,37785, and 37786, the same having been
lost and destroyed at sea in the month of Oc-
tober, 1866. Newell is first to give good and
ample security to the United States against the
appearance and presentation of the original
bonds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let the re-
port be read in that case.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted by Mr. Howe on the 21st of April:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of Henry Newell, ask leave to submit
the following report:
The petitioner prays for the issue of three new ten-
forty bonds to replace three United States ten-forty
coupon bonds for $500 each, numbered-respectively
34954, 37785,37788, belonging to him. and which wero
lost at sea October 3,1866, by the sinking and destruc-
tion of the steamship Evening Star.
It is shown that the petitioner's wife took passage
on said ship, at New York city, on the 29th day, ot
September, 1866, for the city of New.Orleans, having
in her possession the above described bonds, tne
property of the petitioner, and that she and ner
