1258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14}
trine he takes sway from that provision its
value. Sir, if the power had been exercised
which that provision confers, to preserve repub-
lican governments in the States, we should have
avoided the rebellion ; but we waited until the
destruction was brought about, and then we
went to work to build up; and we now have the
doctrine proclaimed that we have no power to
prevent the destruction of a republican govern-
ment, no right to use means in advance to pre-
vent it, but must wait until the mischief is done,
and then seek to repair it.
Mr. President, I understood my friend from
Wisconsin as agreeing with me in the Virginia
debate in regard to this matter fully. I said
in the course of my little speech on that occa-
sion, speaking in response to the Senator from
Nevada:
" I am glad to have my friend ask me the question.
I think my friend must have understood me two or
three days ago as asserting that the power to recon-
struct implies the power to protect the reconstruc-
tion, and that that power to protect will continue
so long as protection shall be required; that if we
simply have the power to set up these governments
and then the rebels may knock them down and we
no power to prevent it, reconstruction is idle. I say
that the power to reconstruct implies the power to
protect the work that we have done; and if we allow
the admission of these States upon certain condi-
tions that are vital, then the violation of those con-
ditions after the States come in will be a fraud upon
us and we shall have a right to redress the wrong. I
will not now say how, but the circumstances and the
time will point out the measure and the character
of the redress."
That is the doctrine I put forth.
"Mr. Carpenter. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
"Mr. Mobtojj. Certainly.
" Mr. Cabpkntee. I understand the Senator to
hold, as I claim myself, that the Constitution is
ample for such a case. Now, I want to know if the
Senator from Indiana thinks that our right will be
any stronger based upon a fraud than it is based
upon the Constitution ? "
" Mr. Morton. Mr. President, without undertak-
ing to answer the particular phraseology used by the
Senator, I will endeavor to answer what I conceive
to be the scope of his question, and I will use as an
illustration the very point embraced in the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Missouri. When
we came to reconstruct these rebel States we found
that we could not do it with safety and with Buccess
except by raising up a new class of loyal voters upon
whom we could reconstruct. Therefore, the admis-
sion of the oolored men of the South to the right of
suffrage and the right to hold office was indispensa-
ble to reconstruction. It was a vital condition. We
put that in our reconstruction measures. We re-
quired them to put it in their constitutions. Now,
will the Senator tell me when that was a vital condi-
tion. so regarded by us, when we acted upon it and
required them to put it in their constitutions, that
to-morrow, after they are admitted, they can violate
that condition with impunity; they can take from
the colored man the right of suffrage, the right to
hold office; they can remit him back almost to'his
former condition, and that we, having been cheated,
have no remedy?"
That is my question. Then what said the
Senator from Wisconsin ?
"Will the Senator pardon me for interrupting him ?
I understand him to agree with me that we have a
perfect remedy underthe Constitution. What lean-
not understand is, that with his theory and mine
that our true remedy under the Constitution is clear
and undoubted we are to gain any additional power
by what he calls this compact or this fraud."
I replied by saying that there was no com-
pact. I thought that the Senator agreed with
my theory ; but that is unimportant.
But, Mr. President, it is important for the
country to understand what is now the inter-
pretation of this clause of the Constitntion.
After it has been fully considered, after the
experience of the rebellion, the experience of
reconstruction, are we to plant ourselves upon
the manifest intent and purpose of that clause,
and to say that we have the power to preserve
and secure republican government as well as
the power to build it up after it has been
destroyed, aryl that if ve have this power we
can only do it by the use of the proper means
to accomplish the purpose ? Those means that
may be proper in one State may not be in
another, Dut it is for Congress to judge. The
Senator says that will destroy the State gov-
ernments. Sir, we are not responsible. We
did not put that power there. It means that,
or it means nothing. But, sir, it will not
destroy the State governments; it will preserve
them; it is the great power of supervision
placed in the Government of the United States
over the several States to keep them in their
constitutional orbits.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I had no in-
tention whatever of taking any part in this
debate until I heard the able, eloquent, and
earnest remarks of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin. I did not attempt to reply to him at the
time, but during his speech he made reference
to certain political principles which I under-
stand have divided politics in this country
from the beginning of the Government down
to this time.
All Senators will remember that at the be-
ginning of the Government there were two
parties; one party in favor of a strong Federal
Government, which was denominated the party
of consolidation ; another party in favor of the
rights of the States as such, which party was
led by Mr. Jefferson and others; while the
party which was called the party of consolida-
tion was led by such men as Hamilton and
others.
This very question has come very near de-
ciding the history of this country. From the
foundation of the Government down to this
time the question has been whether we should
have a national Government or a Government
of States. That is the only question ; that is
the question we are debating now. The Halls
of Congress ever since the Declaration of Inde-
pendence was promulgated have reverberated
with arguments pro and con upon this ques-
tion of national Government and State rights.
It came near losing us the Government amid
the flames and blood and thunder of civil war.
Mr. President, as I listened to the argument
of the Senator from Wisconsin I could not but
feel sorry that he had eloquently and ably
revamped all the arguments in favor of nulli-
fication, of secession, of State supremacy, as
opposed to one grand nationality and Govern-
ment of the United States. He referred to Mr.
Webster. Now, look at the history of Mr.
Webster; look at what constituted the glory of
Mr. Webster. What has made his name im-
mortal as the champion of the Constitution but
as the defender of a great national principle?
What was Mr. Webster's position? It was
that if Congress passed a law it was not for
the States to decide whether that law was
proper or not. It was for Congress in the first
instance to decide whether that law was to be
the supreme law of the land. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin remember the eloquent
debate between Mr. Webster and Mr. Hayne?
Does he remember the glowing eloquence
and ability with which Mr. Webster showed
that we must have one Government and must
not trust to thirty or forty or fifty or one hun-
dred different States to establish principles
and doctrines for themselves; that we must
have uniformity in laws, in the rights of Amer-
ican citizens; that we mnst have one law for
all the people of the United States? I do not
mean to deny that there are what are called
State rights; but what is called State sover-
eignty is, in my opinion, according to the the-
ory of this Government, the veriest humbug
that was ever promulgated before an intelligent
people. There is but one sovereignty in this
country or else we are no nation. We are not
dependent upon the voice of the legislation of
thirty or forty or fifty different States. I sub-
mit that in so far as the inherent rights of man
are concerned—the right of suffrage, the right
to hold office, the right to an equal voice in the
management of public affairs, the right to a
voice in the selection of rulers and in the mak-
ing of laws—there must be equality throughout
the whole country. I ask if in these respects
there should not be perfect and entire equality
between citizens in every State of the Union:
and I ask if we can say that a State is admitted
into the Union upon aperfect equality with every
other State if her citizens have rights which are
superior to those of the citizens of other States ?
If, for instance, in the State of Tennessee,
certain classes of citizens are permitted to vote
who are denied the right to vote in other States
is there perfect equality in that regard? I catJ
say to the Senator from Wisconsin that, if the
bones of Mr. Webster turn in his coffin it would
be to rise in the Senate to confront this heresy
of secession, of State rights, this gateway to
another disunion and another civil war. On
the other har.d, I can say to him that there
would be a resurrection of Mr. Calhoun. He
would rise from his grave to take the hand of
the Senator from Wisconsin in this new war for
State rights against the power and the author-
ity of the Federal Government.
Mr. President, we have had too much of
this question. I admit that the boundary line
between national authority and State jurisdic-
tion is a question that has puzzled the wisdom
of statesmen and of jurists; and we know from
practical experience that the assertion of State
authority has come near involving this country
in war upon repeated occasions. Mr. Web-
ster was the man who raised his potent voice
against nullification, saying that a State had no
right to deny the authority of the Federal Gov-
ernment or the power of Congress. Mr. Web-
ster is renowned, if for anything, for his advo-
cacy of agreat nationality, of one Government,
a Government of one people, the States all
acting in harmony with it, and attending prop-
erly to their domestic and municipal matters,
and all subject to the one grand authority of a
great Government, and that the Government
of the United States.
I rose simply here to crush in the bud this
new uprising of secession and nullification, not
in the South, but in the North. I wish to stifle
this Calhounism in the Senate right here, and
say that hereafter, from this time hencefor-
j ward, while I will not claim that the Govern-
; ment of the United States shall exercise any
unconstitutional power, yet it shall be the
supreme authority and power of the country.
The doctrine of State rights, which has led to
such strife and civil war, must be merged in .
the great doctrine that we are one people, and
that is the people of the United States of
America. That is our doctrine. The Consti-
tution is plain and clear upon this subject, not
simply that Congress shall exercise the powers
that are enumerated, but that Congress shall
exercise all the powers that are conferred by
the Constitution upon the national Govern-
ment, and one of these powers is to guaranty
to every State a republican form of govern-
ment. What is a republican form of govern-
ment is another matter.
The point I wish to make, however, is this:
what may have been considered a republican
form of government twenty years ago, or ten
years ago, is not necessarily a republican form
of government now. I will ask the Senator
from Wisconsin if Tennessee or Kentucky or
any other State was a republican form of gov-
ernment which excluded almost a majority of
her population from voting? I shall receive
no answer to that. Suppose that South Caro-
lina, having a large majority of colored people,
should declare by law or in her constitution
that white people should not vote, would that
be a republican form of government ? Suppose
that Utah should be admitted as a State in the
Union, and in her constitution she should pro-
vide that no man should vote unless he swore
I to the doctrines of Mormonism, would that be
a republican form of government, and would
Congress have no right to guaranty to the Gen-
tiles of that people a republican form of gov-
ernment? Suppose that Massachusetts, as I
have been told is the case, provides that none
who cannot speak the English language shall
vote, thus excluding Germans, would that be
a republican form of government?
If the States may do these things, what
becomes of the power of the Congress of the
United States to guaranty to every State a
republican form of government? The Ger-
mans are a most industrious, thrifty, loyal)
law-abiding class of citizens, equal to oar
