244
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Marshall.
41st Gong. ... 2d Sess.
many of them would grow and expand to an
extent not now dreamed of by their most san-
guine devotees. Tlie fact is that while all
other industries have been injured, and many
of them destroyed by this legislation for special
interests; while enormous fortunes have been
realized by individuals and by companies, the
manufacturing industries themselves are emas-
culated, and are threatened with decay and
ruin by the clogs and manacles now placed upon
each branch by the "protection" vouchsafed
to every other. They are taxed into existence
and then taxed to death by the special legisla-
tion for the benefit of kindred industries, while
all this accumulated volume of taxation is
poured out upon the unfortunate head of the
farmer, to whom no protection can be given,
and who is made the pack-mule for the bur-
dens of the whole nation.
The more intelligent of the manufacturers
themselves are discovering that the system
under which they have been living isafalse and
unnatural one, which must eventually result in
disaster, and many of them now openly favor
a repeal of all protective legislation. One of
the best-free trade documents I have seen re-
cently is a letter published in the New York
Tribune of January 26, from Mr. Edward Har-
ris, of Rhode Island, a well-known and exten-
sive manufacturer, in which he explains to Mr.
Greeiey how he is suffering from '' over-protec-
tion," and about to be protected out of exist-
ence. The leading woolen manufacturers of
New England, representing thirty-three com-
panies and variousindividualsbesides, and over
$15,000,000 actually employed in their busi-
ness, have recently published a manifesto vin-
dicating the views of Commissioner Weils in
regard to the effect of the abominable tariff on
wool and woolens, in which they publish a list
of about sixty different articles that are taxed
or "protected" by duties ranging from 10 to
over 200 per cent., and which are used in the
manufacture of these goods. And they show
how seriously they are injured iu their busi-
ness, and that some important manufactures
have been crushed out by these du>ies. At the
wool and woolen manufacturers' convention at
Chicago in l'ebruary last Mr. Shield said :
"His opinion was they mu:T. come to free trade,
lie was certain they must have ingenuity enough in
this country to make woolens. Everything connected
with it, dye-stuffs, &c., should eomo in tree." :
* -: "Ilo was in favor ot' the experiment of free
trade. It could be 110 -noise than what it had been."
Similar remaiks were made by others in the
convention. The book-publishers have recently
published a list of nearly thirty heavily taxed
articles that they are compelled to use in their
manufacture. All these industries and all otliers
are taxed enormously in their machinery and
tools by the "protection" given to iron in its
various forms. And so it goes 011 from day to
day and from year to year, each " industry"
clamoring for and getting more " protection,"
and having additional burdens heaped upon it
by the "protection" given to others. And
all this accumulated iniquity falls with crush-
ing force upon the heads of the unfortunate
consumers; prices are enhanced enormously ;
our shipping interests are crushed ; our man-
ufacturers as well as farmers are disabled for
competition with other nations in the markets
of the world ; our commerce is destroyed; and
we are literally driven within our own walls,
and then clamor for more protection to pre-
vent the competition of other nations in our
own markets.
This is most humiliating. It is unmanly and
cowardly. It is unworthy of our country and
our race. We have been peculiarly favored
of Heaven. With our magnificent country,
our wide-extended domain- of free farms for
all who desire to possess them, abject poverty,
pauperism, and suffering, as they are often felt
in the densely populated regions of the globe,
are here impossible. We have thus far pros-
pered reasonably well, not on account of, but
in spite of our legislation. We have every
material and facility for the most varied and
successful industries—exhaustless agricultural
resources, iron, coal, water-power, cotton, and
wool, as no other land has them. With mag-
nificent lakes and rivers for navigation, thou-
sands of miles of sea-board, innumerable har-
bors, and the most enterprising and inventive
people on earth, why should we adopt the pol-
icy of barbarous China and withdraw from the
competition of other nations? What, indeed,
but the folly, the insanity of our own legisla-
tion has prevented us from achieving the com-
merce of the seas and competing successfully
with the most favored nations in every market
of the world ?
I would save the manufacturing industries
from the humiliating position they have here-
tofore occupied, of mere pensioners upon the
public bounty, continual clamorers for special
favors, eternal lobbyists hanging around these
Halls and obstructing the road to legitimate
legislation. The whole system is wrong, de-
bauching, enervating. It accustoms men to
relying upon legislation for success instead of
their own strong arms, their prudence, econ-
omy, and skill.
Protection is the Old Man of the Sea that is
riding us to death. Strike off the fetters that
are now weighing down every industry, and
ship-building will revive without bounties or
special favors. Our mariners and merchants
will again grasp in their hands the commerce
of the seas, our crushed industries will be re-
vitalized, our manufactures, springing forward
with renewed life, will boldly go forth into the
markets of the world and enter upon a new
and grand career of enterprise and prosper-
ity; our railroad enterprises will redouble their
activity and energy, new railways will spring
up all over the land, remunerative employment
be given to thousands of laborers, freights be
cheapened, and the prosperity of the people
insured.
BRITISH LEGISLATION AGAIN.
Look again for a moment at the legislation
of England, our great rival. Twenty-eight
years ago she was oppressed with a system
of taxation almost as complicated and bur-
densome as is now our own. Protection had
reduced her to absolute penury, and almost to
the brink of revolution. The historian tells
us that—
""When the new ministry camc into power there
scorned to be no class that was not threatened with
ruin. In Carlisle the committee of inquiry reported
that a fourth of tlio population was in a state bor-
dering on starvation, actually certain to die of fam-
ine unless relieved by extraordinary exertions. In
the woolen districts of Wiltshire the allowance to
the independent laborer was not two thirds of the
minimum in the work-house, and the large existing
population consumed only afourth of the bread and
meat required by tho much smaller population of
1820."
But I will not further detain the committee
with the sickening details. %
The condition of that country was distressing
and alarming. She was being crowded by rivals
from the markets of the world, and her own
vigorous offspring of the West, although cursed
with a system of taxation almost as vexatious
was already rivaling her in the carrying trade
of the world. Her statesmen were forced into
action for the relief of the distresses of the
people and to prepare for the grand struggle
for the markets and the commerce of the world.
Instead of putting on additional weights and
clogs, and retiring within her own walls, she
stripped herself for the race and boldly and
manfully engaged in the peaceful conflict. Un-
der the leadership of Sir Robert Peel, and in
defiance ofthe opposition of the protected classes
every possible tax was soon stricken off, every
fetter removed, and she admitted and invited
freely into her ports the products and the com-
merce of the world. Almost absolute free trade
was introduced. After this reform was suc-
cessfully inaugurated, Sir Bobert Peel had the
proud satisfaction of stating in his great speech
in the House of Commofas, in January, 1840—
" That during the last three years there has been
an increased produetion of revenue, notwithstanding
the remission of heavy taxation; there has been
an increased demand for labor.- there has been an
increased commerce; there has been increased com-
fort, contentment, and peace in the country."
He continued in his course of a reduction
of the taxes without loss of revenue, as I have
heretofore shown. And this great minister had
the satisfaction of seeing prosperity once more
return to his country; the starving were fed,
commerce revived, and England has become
the undisputed mistress of the seas, and her
merchants are driving a successful business in
every market of the world, while we, once her
successful rival, by adopting Chinese ideas and
statesmanship, with all our industries clogged,
are driven within our own walls, and still con-
tinue our inaanevoeiferations for protection in
our own markets from those abominable free-
traders. This superiority of England over us
in these respects has been the result of our
legislation, which has been weak and foolish in
the extreme. Our natural advantages are in
almost everything incomparably superior to
those of Great Britaiii. Suppose the legisla-
tion reversed. Give England our barbarous
system of taxation, and give us her free trade,
and we would now be the acknowledged mis-
tress of commerce and of the seas, exciting the
wonder and admiration of the world by our
enterprise and our universal prosperity.
I would commend to my protectionist friends
these remarks, made here in 1824 by Daniel
Webster, in his great speech upon this very
tariff question:
" We are asked what nations have ever attained
eminent prosperity without encouraging manufac-
tures ? I may ask what nation oyer reached the
like prosperity without promoting foreign trade ?"
* ' " Letit be rememberedthatour
shipping employed in foreign commerce has at this
moment not the shadow of (government protection.
It goes abroad upon the wide sea to makeits own way
andearnitsownbreadinaprofessed competition with
the whole world. Its resources areitsownfrugality,
its own skill, its own enterprise. It hopes to suc-
ceed, if succeed it shall, not by extraordinary aid of
Government, but by patience, vigilance, and toil.
This right arm of the nation's safety strengthens it-;
own muscle by its own efforts, and by unwearied
exertion in its own defense becomes strong for tho
defense of the country.
"Without any Government protection whatever,
it goes abroad to challenge competition with tho
whole world, and in spite ot all obstacles it maintains
itself, llow, sir, do tho ship-owners and navigators
accomplish this ? How is i t tlia t they arc able to meet
and overcome competition? It is not by protection
and bounties, but by unwearied exertion, by extreme
economy, by unshaken perseverance, by that manly
andresolutespirit which relies upon itself to protect
itself. These causes alone enable American ships
still to keep their element, and show the flag of thier
country in distant seas.
"Intelligence and industry ask only for fair play
and an open field. Profits, indeed, in such a state ot
things will bo small, but they will bo extensively
diffused; prices will be low and the great body of tlie
people prosperous and happy. It is worthy of remark
that from the operation of these causes commercial
wealth, white it is increased beyond calculation in
its general aggregate, is at the same time broken and
diminished in its subdivisions. Commercial pros-
perity should be judged of therefore rather from the
extent of trade than from the magnitude of its appar-
ent profits." ■* * * * " Whenthediminu-
tion of profits arises from the extent of competition
it indicates rather a salutary than an injurious
change."
PROTECTION WILL WITIinRAW POPULATION FKOSt
AGRICULTURE.
But we arc told that by encouraging industry
we will withdraw our young men from agricul-
ture, diversify industry, and decrease the com-
petition ofthe farmer, Why should we withdraw
our population from the farm to be imprisoned
in badly-ventilated factories, where they are too
often but the mere slaves, politically and other-
wise, of the money lords who employ them,
while we have untold millions of acres of un-
settled lands, and are holding out every possi-
ble inducement to the people of all nations to
come and possess them without money and
without price? And they are coming by the
