1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4091
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to explain the
modifications.
Mr. PAINE. Iwanttoknowwhattheamend-
ment is before the gentleman makes his speech.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have a right to modify
rcy amendment.
The SPEAKER,. Yes; but the gentleman
lias no right to discuss his amendment until it
shall have been read.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not proposing to
discuss it; but I have a right to state what my
modifications are.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has that
right.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that the subject which is pro-
posed here as an amendment is a bill which is
now pending before the House, and cannot,
under the rules, be attached as an amendment
to this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. There is no such bill pending.
It is a mere question of fact.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The Chair
is mistaken in fact.
The SPEAKER. There is no bill similar
to this pending. Does the gentleman so
St3«t6 ?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The same
bill, in totidem verbis, is in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. With very much more.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. More! Yes:
but the same words are here.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is too old a parliamentarian to attempt
that point on the House. The difference of a
single word would be sufficient.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The language of the rule
is '• proposition," not "words," not "form."
This is the substance of a bill now pending
before the House in Committee of the Whole
on the State of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. PAINE. I insist on mypoint of order.
I want to know what the precise amendment is.
I want to hear it read at the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. It will be read at the
Clerk's desk.
The Clerk then read Mr. Soiiekck's amend-
ment, as follows:
Sec — A.tid be it further enacted, That on and after
the 1st day of January, 1871, in lieu of the duties now
imposed by law on the articles hereinafter enumer-
ated orprovided for, imported from foreign coun tries,
there shall be levied, colleetcd, and paid the follow-
ing duties and rates of duties, that is to say:
On teas of all kinds, fifteen cents per pound.
On coffee of all kinds, three cents per pound.
On chiccory, suecory, dandelion root and acorn
coffeo, raw, ground, burned, or prepared, and on all
substitutes fur coffeo. live cents per pound.
On cacao, or cocoa, two cents per pound.
On cocoa leaves or shells, one cent per pound.
On ground or prepared cacao, or cocoa, live cents
per pound; and on chocolate, seven cents per pound.
On all raw or Muscovado sugar, and on all other
sugars not above No. 12 Dutch standard, two cents
pe0n ciarifled sugar, two and threo quarter cents per
PtOndrcfined sugar, stove-dried, in loaf, lump,
crushed, powdered, or granulated, tour cents pei
pound: Provided, That all sugar other than refined
stove-dried which has been advanced in quality
above No. 12 Butch standard m. color by being
boiled m a vacuum pan, or ciystallized in a vacuum
pan, or clayed, or liquored in molds, or purged in
centrifugal machines, or by vacuum process, orfil-
tered through bone-black or its equivalent, shall be
regarded us claiified sugar: And provided Jurthe),
That the Secretary of the Treasury shall, by regula-
tions, prescribe and require that samples shall be
taken by inspectors from the middle ot the package,
so as to get a true average quality, and that said
samples be severally preserved in glass bottles and
marked for future identification and reference, and
thatthe weights of sugar imported m casks or boxes
sh.ill bo marked distinctly by the custom-house
weigher by scoring the figures indelibly on each
^ On molasses from sugar cane, five cents per gal-
1O0n tank bottomssirup of sugar-cane juice, melada,
concentrated meladu., or coucentratcd molasses, one
and three fourths cents per pound: Provided, itiat
all sirup of sugar, sirup of sugar-cane j uice, melada,
concentrated melada, °rconcentrated molasses, en-
tered under the name of molasses, shall be foiteited
to the United States.
On pimento, and on black, white, and red or Cay-
enne pepper, five cents per pound.
On ground pimento, and on ground pepper of all
kinds, ten cents per pound.
On ginger root, two cents per pound.
On gmger, ground, five cents per pound.
On cinnamon and ou nutmegs, twenty cents per
pound.
On mace, twenty-five cents per pound.
On cloves, five cents per pound.
On clove stems, three cents per pound.
Ou cassia and cassia vera, ten cents per pound.
On cassia buds and ground cassia, twenty cents per
pound.
On all other spiccs, twenty cents per pound; ground
or prepared, thirty cents per pound.
On wrics of all kinds, imported in casks, fifty cen-is
per gallon.
On wines of all kinds, imported m bottles, and not
otherwiseherein provided for, two dollars per dozen
bottles, containing each notmore than one quart and
more than one pint; and one dollar per dozen bottles
containing not moro than one pint each; and wine
in bottles containing more tbauonequarteaeh shull
pay in addition to two dollars per dozen bottles,
eighty cents per gallon on tho quantity m excess of
one quart in each bottle.
On champagno and all other sparkling wines, in
bottles, six dollars per dozen bottles containing each
not more than one quart and more than one pint;
and three dollars per dozen bottles containing not
more than one pint each; and in bottles containing
moro than one quart each, shall pay, in addition to
six dollars per dozen bottles, two dollars per gallon
on the quantity in excess of one quart: Provided,
That any liquors containing moro than twenty-live
percent, of alcohol, winch shall be entered under tho
name of wine, shall be forfeited to the United States:
And provided further, That wines, brandy, and other
spirituous liquors imported in bottles shall be packed
in packages containing not less than one dozen bot-
tles in each package; and all such bottles shall pay
an additional duty of three ccnts for each bottle;
no allowance shall bo made for breakage unless such
breakage is actually ascertained by count and certi-
fied bv a custom-house appraiser; and so much of
scction fifty-nine of an act entitled "An act to regu-
late the collection of duties on imports and tonnage,"
approved March 2,1791), as provided for allowance
for leakage and breakage is hereby repealed.
On brandy and on other spirits manufactured or
distilled from grain orothor materials, and not other-
wise prov:dedior, two dollars por proof gallon : Pro-
vided, That each and every gauge or win© gallon of
measurement shall be counted as at least oue proof
gallon; aud the standard for determining the proof
of braudy and otherspints, and of winoor liquorsof
any kind imported, shall be the same as that which
is defined in the second section of the act imposing
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and lor other
purposes, approved July 20,186B. _
On cordials, liqueurs, arrack, absinthe, larsch-
wasser, vermuth, ratafia, and other similar spirit-
uous beverages, or bitters containing spirits and not
otherwise provided for, two dollars per proof gal-
lon: Provided, That any brandy or other spirituous
liquors imported in casks of less capacity than four-
teen gallons shall bo forfeited to the United States.
On all manufactures of cotton, the quantity or
value of which can bo estimated or based upon
measurement in square yards, if unbleached, five
cents per square yard, if bleached, five cents per
square yard, and, m addition thereto, ten per cent.
ad valorem,- if colored, stained, painted, or printed,
in whole or in part, five cents per square yaid, and,
in addition thereto, twenty per cent, ad valorem:
Provided, That if the duties imposed by this scction
upon tho manufactures of cotton shall amouut to
less than thirty-five per cent, ad valorem, then tho
duty shall be assessed at tho rate of thirty-live per
cent, ad valorem. _
On wools on the skin, the same rate3 as on other
wools, the quantity and value to be ascertained
under such rules as the Secretary of tho Treasury
may prescribe.
On flax straw, five dollars per ton.
On llax not liackled or dressed, twenty dollars per
ton ; on llax hackled, known as " dressed line," forty
dollars per ton.
On hemp, unmanufactured, forty dollars per ton.
On the tow of flax or hemp, ten dollars per ton.
On Manila, sunn, and other like substitutes tor
hemp, not herein otherwise provided for, twenty-five
dollars per ton'. ^
On jute and Sisal grass, fifteen dollars per ton.
On jute huts, ten dollars per ton.
On iron in pigs, seven dollars per ton.
Un scrap iron of every description, six dollars per
ton : Provided, That nothing shall be deemed scrap
iron except waste or refuse iron that has been m
actual use, and is lit only to be remanufactured.
On steel lailway bars, one and one half ccnts per
pound; and on all railway bars made m part ot steel,
one and onequartercentsper pound -. Provided, lhat
metal converted, cast, or made from iron by the iies-
semer or pneumatic process, of whatever form or
description, shall be classed as steel.
On nickel, forty ccnts per pound.
On alloy of nickel with copper and on nickel oxide,
thirty ccnts per pound. . ,
On nickel-matte or spciss, twenty cents per pound.
On ores of nickel, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On albata or white metal, aigentine, German sil
ver and the like mixed metals, and on aluminium
and its alloys, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On manufactures or articles of nickel, albata, or
white metal, argentine. German silver, and the like
mixed metals, and of aluminium and its alloys, iorty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
On watches, watch cases, watch movements, parts
of watches, and watch, materials, tweuty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
On chronometers, box or ship, or "parts theYeof,
twenty-live per cent, ad valorem. : ■ ,
On livo animals, thirty per cent, ad valorem : Pro-
vided, That animals specially imported for breeding
purposes shall be admitted free, upon proof thereof
satisfactory to the Secretary of tho treasury, and
under such regulations as he may prescribe: And
provided further, That teams of animals, including
their harness and trickle actually owned by persons
immigrating to tho United States with thoirfattnliea
from loreign countries, and in actual use for the pur-
poses of such immigration, shallbe also admitted free
of duty under such regulations as the Secretary of
the Treasury may prescribe.
Onoranges, lemons, pineapplos,andgrapes, twenty
per cent, advaloreni; and on limes, bananas, plant-
ains, shaddocks, mangoes, and coeoanuts, ten per
cent, ad valorem: Provided, That no allowanceshall
be made for loss by decay on the voyage, unless the
said loss shall exceed twenty-five per cent, of the
quantity, and tho allowance then made shall be only
lor tho amount of loss in excess of twenty-five per
cent, of the whole quantity.
On Zante, or other currants andprune3 and plums,
two and one half cents per pound.
On books, bound or stitched, and on all printed
book matter in sheets or otherwise, fifteen cents per
pound ; on pamphlets, and on periodicals in pam-
phlet form, except as lawfully transmitted by mail,
ten cents per pound.
On furs of all descriptions cut from the skin, ten
per cent, advalorem ; and on furskins dressed, twenty
per cent, ad valorem.
On neat's-foot oil, and all animal, whale, seal, and
fish oils/twenty ccnts per gallon.
On oil made of linseed orflaxseed, thirty cents per
gallon, seven pounds and a half of weight to be esti-
mated as a gallon.
On hempseed and rapeseed, and other oil seeds
of like character other than linseed or flaxseed, one
half cent per pound.
On linseed or flaxseed, twenty cents per bushel of
fifty-six pounds weight: Provided, That no draw-
back shall be allowed on oil-cake made from imported
seed.
On sesame seed oil, or benne oil, and cotton-seed
oil, thirty cents per gallon.
On sesame seed, ten per cent, ad valorem*
On opium, one dollar per pound,
On opium prepared for smoking, and on all other
preparations of opium, not otherwise provided for,
ten dollars per pound; Provided, That opium pre-
pared for smoking, andothcr preparations of opium,
deposited in bonded warehouse, shall not be removed
therefrom lor exportation wit hout payment of duties,
and such duties shall not be refunded.
On morphia, and on all salts of morphia, one dollar
per ounce.
Mr. SCHENCK. Idesire to say to the House
that I propose to offer in succession four sec-
tions of the bill which they have before them.
As we are considering the tax bill now before
us by sections, I have to proceed with one sec-
tion at a time. These four sections, gentlemen
will remark, consist in this: the first section
relates to those goods which are dutiable and
on which duties are charged; the second sec-
tion refers to the free list, adding a very consid-
erable number of articles to that list} the third
section relates to tonnage duties on ali vessels
trading between ports of the United Slates by
sea or inland 5 and the fourth section relates to
goods in bonded warehouses. I do not propose
to submit any argument whatever for the bill or
any particular item in the bill, but to confine
myself to having the House understand what
modifications I have made. Members have
heard the proposition read from the Clerk's
desk j but I wish to call their special attention
to it.
The bill originally reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means reduced the duty on
tea from twenty-five to twenty cents per pound,
taking off one fifth. I have taken off another
fifth, making two fifths, and reducing the duty
from twenty-five to fifteen cents per pound.
The duty on coffee, which is now five cents per
pound, the Committee of Ways and Means,
sustained by the House, proposed to reduce one
fifth; that is, to four cents.' In my amend-
ment I propose a further reduction, making the
duty three cents per pound. S,ugar remains as
printed in the amendment, witn the exception
of some amendments which were made in Com-
mittee of the Whole when the bill was before
the House, and which, through neglect, were
not placed in the printed bill.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman please
state those?
Mr. SCHENCK. There is one exception.
The bill originally reported by the Committee of
