1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2203
their value may warrant., we feel it is against
public policy and good conscience to strip us
of the proceeds of our industry and the reward
of our toil, by requiring us to impoverish our-
selves for the benefit of the manufacturer alone.
We are opposed to any policy which legalizes
the act of putting the band of the manufac-
turer into the pocket of the producer and con-
sumer to take the lion's share!
Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 am free to admit that
there is no propriety or justice in legislating
for a section to the detriment of the entire
country. We are bound in our national coun-
cils to be governed by a sense of duty to the
whole, and not to a portion ; and that in the
argument upon the perplexing issues of the
tariff it is incumbent upon us, if possible, to
reason from the stand-point of national pros-
perity alone. But this consummation appears
to be remote, for the different and varied man-
ufacturing interests insist, that this national
prosperity is involved in each one of their
specialties, and the clamor is made, only to be
reconciled by subsidizing and coalescing, by
combinations and pet arrangements, to the end
simply of personal aggrandizement. The result
of these reconciliations of conflicting interests
is the impoverishment of the producing and
consuming classes, not to enrich ihe Govern-
ment or fill its empty coffers, but to increase
the value of slock in manufacturing enterprises
by driving reasonable competition to the wall.
I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that this branch
of discussion upon the tarilf is worn almost
threadbare in the same ratio and to'the same
extent, that for years past we have been and
now are confounded with a surfeit of long tab-
ular statements of alleged facts and figures,
pro aud con, which serve only to confuse our
ideas. But, nevertheless, the imposition of
unjust taxes which bear unequally, is admitted
to be always a cause of dissatisfaction to the
people, and no Government can be happy or
prosperous when such discontent reigns. The
attempt at the imposition of unjust taxes caused
our separation from the mother country, while
unequal taxes caused a revolution in France.
We have had a sad experience in the recent war
for the supyression of the rebellion; and the
disturbance in our-finances, as well as the vex-
atious complications growing outof reconstruc-
tion, should warn us to avoid all excuse lor
dissatisfaction and revolution, by dealing fairly
aud equitably .with all sections of the country.
It will not be very long, Mr. Chairman, be-
fore the work of reconstruction will have been
completed and the seceding States rehabili-
tated in their positions in the Union, with Sen-
ators and .Representatives upon the floors of
Congress. The violence and rude disorder
which has unhappily pervaded and now does
pervade the South, once suppressed by the
strong arm of the law, there remains only the
question of finance, the tariff, and local issues
upon which parties may find platforms. It is
evident that upon these questions a wide con-
trariety of sentiment will obtain, and each
proposition of national amelioration will doubt-
less be advanced with apparent sincerity and
good faith, its advocates protesting, that each
measure is the only one calculated to promote
private and public prosperity.
A system of internal revenue has been fast-
ened upon us in order to meet the exigencies
of war while they existed, and to maintain the
Government and help to extinguish its debt
after the war ceased. So important a branch
of the public service has this become, that the
President in liis message recommends that it
be separated as an adjunct of the Treasury and
formed into a department, with the portfolio of
a Cabinet minister.
During the war, and pending our subsequent
financial embarrassments, the laws for the
imposition and collection of internal revenue
were necessarily severe. The people have
been, and now continue to he, severely taxed
in almost everything that could be inventoried
or by ingenuity devised. The present able
Commissioner of Internal Revenue has shown
us an exhibit, which does him high credit in so
far as his efforts are concerned to faithfully
execute the laws. But, Mr. Chairman, I believe
the time has come when we should reduce our
system of internal revenue taxation, not only in
the severity of its execution, but in the reduc-
tion of many of its imposts. The income tax,
which by act of a previous Congress was lim-
ited, has been pressed upon us for extension.
If the necessities of the Government required,
its further continuance. I should favor that end
with zeal and assiduity, notwithstanding it
would, in my opinion, be a breach of public
faith with the people. The only excusc for a
breach of faith on the part of a Government
with its subjects, is pressing necessity, and that,
I earnestly contend, does not exist.
Another cause of just complaint on the part
of the people, which I hear continually, js the
hardships which follow conflicting decisions
of the Revenue Bureau. This arises from the
fact that, when the internal revenue laws were
first placed upon the statute-book, in time of
war and national disorder, it was found neces-
sary, for the time being, to invest the chief
of that bureau with actual judicial authority,
which, naturally extending to subordinate and
local officers of the revenue, has operated in
many instances to deprive the people of their
constitutional right to appeal to the courts for
redress of grievances or for proper judicial
construction of the Jaws. The time is now
opportune, in my opinion, to modify the sever-
ity of many of the provisions of the internal
revenue laws in this behalf, and thus relieve
not only the just complaints of the people, but
the department itself of onerous duties, which
appertain to, and should be performed by the
courts. The necessities of war measures in
finance have passed, and it is time that the
law-making power should turn its attention to
the fact, that the peop le demand the very lowest
rate of taxation consistent with the honest pay-
ment of our national debt aud the mainten-
ance of economical government.
'Phestrongest idea thatrepudiationcan make
is, that taxes are maintained at high rates, or
increased (as the ease may bo) in order to
create more revenue than is required for fair
and equitable purposes of government. Hence
those who favor, as I do, the just payment ot
our national obligations, and scout and scorn
the disgraceful word of repudiation, must be
careful not to arouse a spirit of resentment in
the people by continuing upon them such heavy
burdens of taxation, which may prove too
weighty to bear, and which demagogues will take
advantage of for the base purposes of political
power.
It is very questionable in my mind, Mr.
Chairman, whether, much as it is to be desired,
the country is able to bear too sudden a return
to specie payment. The national debt should
in my opinion be extinguished gradually and
by regular approaches, as much the safer plan.
Too much haste in this regard may be danger-
ous. We must hasten slowly, view the ground
carefully, and try toavoid all threatened calam-
ities to the people.
It occurs to me, from a careful view of the
whole situation, that too hasty a resumption
of specie payments and the infliction and con-
tinuation of heavy taxes upon the people may
result not only in national disaster, but intense
distress and misery to the masses. Then
panics will ensue, the value of property dete-
riorate, business men go suddenly into bank-
ruptcy, and the poorer classes, as must always
and inevitably be the case, will be the sufferers.
By careful approaches and considerate legis-
lation we may be enabled to reach the goal of
national prosperity much sooner and with more
substantial benefit to the masses, than by hasty
and inconsiderate action, illumined by the
cotdeur de rose and inspired by the i-dea that,
"feeling rich" is genuine prosperity. Theo-
retical economy will not satisfy the people. It
must be practical, and exercised so thoroughly
and publicly, as to convince the masses that
it is bona fide- rJ-'ius convinced, the people
always bear burdens of taxation cheerfully ,
otherwise there is nothing but social and pol t-
icaldisorder. The sumofafewthousandslooks
small to the Government, but it is a mountain
to the tax-payer ; and hence, in tne exhibit ot
any reduction of our national expenses, or m
the manifestation of a spirit of retrenchment,
there necessarily follows agreat public mtei est.
We have, accordingto the exhibit of the dis-
tinguished Secretary of the Treasury, reduceu
our debt nearly one hundred millions withm the
calendar year by the close collection ot taxes
and imposts, and honorable Representatives
have thereby argued, that we should patiently
and cheerfully bear taxation until our credit
shall have been placed upon a level with that
of more prosperous countries._ Appeals have
been made to ourprideasa nation to encourage
us to bear heavy burdens until Utopia be gained.
But, Mr. Speaker, it were far better, in my
judgment, that we should tread to more delib-
erate measures; that we should encourage our
people in the laudable effort to extinguish the
national debt, by relieving them of the burdens
of taxation upon a sliding scale, rather than
by adding the feather or straw which breaks
the camel's back. Immigration will be better
encouraged when it understands, that taxes arc-
being lightened from year to year, and that we
are, while steadily decreasing our national debt,
reducing the necessary imposts by tariff and
revenue, so that both ends may be approxi-
mately accomplished.
So far as the tariff is concerned, I do not
wish to be understood as an absolute advocate
of free trade, although it is as true to-day as
it was in the time of Alexander Hamilton, that
free trade would be the most conducive to nat-
ural prosperity, if all nations would pursue the
policy of tolerating it. We are called upon by
the advocates of high tariff to protect our man-
ufactures against foreign regulations, which are
alleged to be of a tendency to giveforeign man-
ufacturers an undue advantage over us. But
now, as of old, it is declared by those who claim
large experiencem that behalf, that "there is
not a smgle bounty on the statute-book of
Great Britain for encouraging either the mak-
ing or the exportation of any manufactures
or a single commercial restriction that does
not tend to give our manufacturers an advan-
tage over the British in our own as well as in
foreign countries.''
The theory of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. McCarthy] that although a " tariff may
at first increase prices, it operates to stimulate
experiments and investments of capital for pro-
duction; that new industries are thus created,
and in time supplies arc manufactured and
multiplied, until domestic competition cheap-
ens the cost to the consumer below the rate
of foreign production, and that thereby tne
genius of our people is stimulated by giving
birth to a great variety of industries before
unknown in the country," will not bear the
test of experience, and in esse may appear very
proper, hutwi^xme presents nothing beyond
a very pretty caprice of reasoning.
In the article of broadcloth alone it is weli
known we cannot equal in quality the foreign
manufacture, and that people who can afford
the increased outlay, consider themselves well
repaid in the end by the preference given to
the better article manufactured in England or
r ranee. We cannot successfully legislate so
as to compel our people to consume home
pioducts, not only in cloth but in all other
manufactures. The laws of demand and sup-
ply are repugnant to such theories and refuse
to be governed by them.
The honorable gentleman from New York
[Mr. McCarthy] controverts the proposition
"that the duty upon imported goods is paid
hy the consumer by asserting that it often
happens that the foreign manufacturers are
compelled to compete in our market with the
reduction incident to domestic competition,
