4092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June I,
Ways and Means put clarified sugar at three
cents. The House put it at two and a half
cents. I have placed it at two and three quar-
ter cents; but there is no modification ot' the
text of the printed bill. All the other modifi-
cations are but verbal alterations correspond-
ing with the action which has been taken in
Committee of the Whole, with the exception
that, upon page 5 there are some words which
I will ask the Clerk to strike out, as they have
no meaning in the connection in which they
are used. In line one hundred and two the
words "not otherwise provided for" should
be struck out, because in this bill there is
nothing in relation to cotton goods or fabrics
of any kind, except as to the mode of measur-
ing cotton cloths and placing the duties upon
them.
The House will probably desire to know the
effect of my proposition. In the bill proposed
by the Committee of Ways and Means the re-
duction proposed on tea amounted to $1,957,-
087, measured by the standard of the receipts
of last year. I propose a further reduction,
making the aggregate reduction on this item
$2,152,795. The reduction proposed by the
Conimitteeof Ways and Meansupon coffee was
$2,308,145. 1 have increased the reduction by
taking off another tenth, so that the reduction
proposed by my amendment is $2,538,959.
The reduction on sugar, as before proposed,
was $10,219,297; the reduction on molasses,
$2,605,504; the reduction on pig iron, $399,-
920; on scrap iron, $278,898. The total re-
duction is thus $20,261,02-3. Then there is to
be added the increase of taxation upon wines
and brandies, as proposed by the Committee
of Ways and Means, $1,110,242; so that the
reduction made by this section will be within a
fraction of $20,000,000.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous
question on this section.
Mr. HOLM AN. I rise to a question of order.
The agreement under which this bill was con-
sidered in the House was that it should be
open to amendment section by section, as well
as open to the five-minutes debate.
The SPEAKER. TheChairdoes not under-
stand that the bill came in by agreement.
Mr. HOLMAN. The original bill was cer-
tainly considered in the House by agreement,
'because regularly under the rules it would
have been considered in the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recog-
nize the point raised by the gentleman. The
question is one for the House to determine by
a majority vote.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to a
question of order.-
_ Mr. SCHENCK. I will withdraw the pre-
vious question, for the purpose of answering
one question. A gentleman asks me 
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object to
debate.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
debate is not in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I only wished to say that
the internal taxation is reduced $45,000,000;
and this proposition adds $20,000,000, making
the total reduction $65,000,000.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to a
point of order, which is that we have a right
to submit amendments to each paragraph of
the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
_ I he b PEAK BR. The phrase "as in the Com-
mittee ot the Whole" was specially excluded
from the understanding.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. One word
more. I raise the further point—however there
is no use in making points of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. My point of order is that
this bill is considered in the House as the re-
sult of general consent. It was agreed that it
was not to be subject to the rules of the Com-
mittee of the Whole, except as to the five-min-
utes debate; but as to that the rule of the
Committee of tho Whole was to apply; that is,
the'right to debate each proposition, each sec-
tion or paragraph considered as a section.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will re-
member, if he will accept a suggestion from
the Chair, that the words " as in the Committee
of the Whole," which would give the right lo
unlimited debate, were carefully excluded from
the proposition adopted on motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck.]
Mr. HOLMAN. But we were to have the
opportunity for amendment.
The SPEAKER. Amendments are in order
which the House allows to be offered, and on
those amendments the five-minutes debate is in
order. The House, however, may by a majority
vote, cut off amendments by seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. It would be "Jesuitical"
to say that we should have five minutes debate
and then leave the five-minutes debate to be
cut off by a demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Even in the Committee
of the Whole, pending the consideration of
any bill, a motion to rise can be made in
order to close debate; and when the committee
rises the House by a majority vote can order
the debate to be closed.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. If the previous question
be seconded on this amendment, will it pre-
vent a separate vote being had upon each dis-
tinct proposition?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman asks in
reference to the division of the question?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes, sir. I propose to
demand a division of the question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin raises the point of order that after the
previous question has been seconded he has a
right to demand a separate vote or a division
of the question on each distinct item of the
pending amendment. The Chair overrules that
point of order, and he will take occasion to
have read all there is in Barclay's Digest on
the subject of the divisiou of questions. The
gentleman will see there is no way by which
he can get a separate vote here.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Diviiion of Questions.
" 'Any member may call for the division of a ques-
tion, before or after the main question is ordered,
which shall bs divided if it comprehend propositions
in substance so distinct that ono beinsr taken away a
substantive proposition shall remain for tho decision
of the House. A motion to strike out and insert
shall bo deemed indivisible.'—Mule .16. But it has
been decided on appeals that on motions to commit
with instructions, or on the different branches of in-
structions— Journals, 1, 17, p. 507; 1, 31, pp. 1395-97;
1, 32, p. 611—on a Senate amendment—Journal, 2, 32,
p. 101—on an amendment reported as a single amend-
ment from a Committee of the Whole—Journals, 1,
28, p. 1061; 1, 29, pp. 366. 642; 1, 30, p. 1039 ; 2, 37, p.
170, &c.—on a seiies of resolutions proposed to bo
inserted in lion of other matter—Conqrcneiomtl Globe,
1,31, p. 1301—a division of the question cannot be had.
Upon the engrossment of any bill making appro-
priations of money for worts of internal improve-
ment of any kind or desoription.it shall be in tho
power of any member to call for a division of the
question, so us to take a separate vote of the House
upon each item of improvement or appropriation
contained in said bill, or upon such items separately,
and others collectively, as tho members making the
call may specify; and if one fifth of the members
present second said call it shall be the duty of the
Speaker to make such divisions of the question, and
put them to vote accordingly.'—Mule; 121."
The SPEAKER. The Chair especially in-
vites the attention of the House to what the
Clerk will next read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"[But it has been invariably held, and never ap-
pealed from, that tho rules in regard to a division of
tho question apply to no other description of bills
than such as' make appropriations oi money for works
of internal improvement.'] ''
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
The House divided; and there were—-ayes
84, noes 72.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Blair, and
Mr. Elbridge were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 80, noes 83.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment, and demand the previous question on
the bill.
Mr. JUDD. I rise to a parliamentary ques-
sion. When a proposition has been presented,
and the previous question has been refused,
can it be withdrawn if objected to?
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that it
can. Such has been the uniform usage of the
House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. It is this; that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Soiienck] moved an amendment,
spoke five minutes on it, called the previous
question, and was defeated in his motion; and
that the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Ben-
jamin] who voted against him, having been
asked to be recognized by the Chair-; is entitled
to be so recognized.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state what
is the position of the question: the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schkkuk] having been de-
feated in his call for the previous question,
accepts the defeat, withdraws the amendment,
and asks the previous question oil the internal
revenue bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I submit that the
gentleman from Ohio had no right to be recog-
nized to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I should like to know
how, under the usage and the rules, the gen-
tleman was entitled to be recognized by the
Chair?
The SPEAKER. The Chair dislikes very
much to have to appeal continually to the Man-
ual; buthe finds it necessary to direct the Clerk
to read the rule that is applicable here.
The Clerk read as follows:
"A motion maybe withdrawn at any time before a
decision or amendment.—Rule 50—[but not after the
previous question is seconded.] It may, however, be
withdrawn while the House is dividing on a demand
for the previous question." ,
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
lias the explicit right, under the rules, to with-
draw the amendment, and he does so.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to make a prop-
osition to the gentlemen-on the other side of
the House.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I demand the
regular order, and object to anything else.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I demand the
regular order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Tennessee is entitled to make a parliamentary
inquiry.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to inquire whether,
if the callingof the previous question were to be
seconded by ageneral understanding, the sense
of the House might not be ascertained by tak-
ing the yeas and nays on ordering the main
question? Gentlemen seem desirous to have
a record made here, and I think it might be
done in the way I have suggested.
The SPEAKER. Of course the ordering
of the main question can be taken by yeas and
nays, if one fifth of the House wants' them.
Mr. AMBLER. I desire to know if it is not
now in order to move to reconsider the vote
by which the House refused to second the pre-
vious question?
The SPEAKER. That would be a privi-
leged question, if the gentleman from Ohio
should withdraw his motion.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I hope he will not do it.
Mr. AMBLER. I hope he will.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I rise to a point
of order._ ^ I submit that it is too late to move
a reconsideration after the gentleman from
Ohio has withdrawn the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must sustain
that, point of order.
Mr. BltOOKS, of New York. Now give us
the regular order on the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I will at the
desire of gentlemen renew my amendment,
and again demand upon it the previous ques-
tion.
