2204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
even at a cost of the duty and a loss in pro-
duction ; that they are compelled by the neces-
sities of their laboring population to run their
factories and ship their products without re-
gard to profit or loss." This is not and can-
not be the general rule, but is clearly one of
the exceptions incident to glutted markets.
But in that case it seems the benefit inures
to the people, as they obtain the better article
at a reduced price, which necessarily compels
our own manufactures to assume their place
' in the market, which it is but fair they should
occupy, and to submit them to the test of
average price and quality. Hence the con-
sumer as a general rale and in fact pays the
duty, notwithstanding the competition or the
loss entailed upon the producer. Give either
the foreign or the domestic manufacturer the
protection of monopoly, and the discrimina-
tion sought to be drawn is a matter of small
moment to the consumer, for he must pay the
price, whatever may be exacted.
No member more than myself appreciates
and realizes the importance of keeping up the
revenue of the Government, and to that end I
am willing a fair tariff should be placed upon
articles exclusively of luxury, and that they
shall continue to be taxed at high rates. But
there exists a difference of opinion as to what
are articles of luxury ; some claiming that tea,
coffee, sugar, spices, and tobacco arc specific
articles of luxury. Such, indeed, is the old
English idea, which appears to have been in-
corporated into our nationality by inheritance.
Latterly, however, in this country a better and
more generous sentiment has obtained, and it
is now conceded that the commodities men-
tioned, with the single exception of tobacco,
are articles of daily use and necessity among
all classes, costing alike, and not confined to
wealth alone. Ill fact, it is the opinion of the
South and West that tobacco should be in-
cluded in the category of necessities, from the
fact that it is equally an article of common
consumption, from the richest to the poorest;
but, so far as these articles are concerned, I
believe that a reduction in tax to a nominal
figure would be eminently proper.
I fully agree, however, with the idea promul-
gated by my friend from Now York, [Mr. Mc-
Carthy,] that whereas thousands of millions
have been paid and lost through the late rebel-
lion, and this decade having paid its full share
in preserving the nation, we are fully justified
in passing a large proportion of our present
debt down upon the next three succeeding
decades.
Now, Mr. Chairman, this is precisely the
reason why tariff and taxes should be lightened.
We must deal with the present according to the
lights before us, in order that we may leave the
inheritance in good condition to our posterity.
Thirty years work wondrous changes, which
neither he nor I may fully comprehend. The
march of empire is westward, and who shall
prophesy what thirty years may add to the his-
tory of our country? If we look forward to,
and hope for increased prosperity, it is our duty
so to legislate, as to conduce to the future, and
thereby aid in the further accomplishment of
natural happiness and power. Much depends
upon the wisdom of our counsels in the present
emergency, and inasmuch as we have been and
now are taxed to the uttermost limit, it is no
more than just to lighten our burden as we
progress, leaving those who come after us, and
who will receive our inheritance, to aid in the
gradual liquidation of our national debt. The
reasoning, therefore, of thegentlemanfromNew
York, I freely accept and indorse; but I take
it as an argument against a high tariff, and not
in the sense in which he insists it should be
considered.
I take it to be my duty, therefore, Mr.
Chairman, to urge the most careful legislation
upon the subject of tariff and taxes. I urge
that it is prudent and politic to reduce our
taxation to a reasonable extent, even if the
naffcioBal debt be a little longer in its liquida-
tion. The policy should be established beyond
all question that, revenue should be the object
and protection the incident, and a cheerful
compliance with the laws by the people will
inevitably follow. Overpower and press them
with continued and unreduced taxes, and they
will bend and break under the mischievous
burden, I ,et the tariff and taxation be pru-
dent, and ia accord with our financial condi-
tion, providing for a certain and gradual liqui-
dation of the national debt, and a regular
instead of a spasmodic resumption of specie
payment, and we will soon realize the benefit
of the moral of the hare and the tortoies, and
appreciate the lesson of the fable.
Agriculture, commerce, and manufactures
are the elements of our prosperity and the
basis of our substance. But the one should
not be allowed to flourish at the expense of
the other in such degree that the life of one
is the death of the other. When protection
brings about such results, it is far better to
throw open our doors and make our ports free
to the commerce of the world.
Mr. ALLISON. If objection be not made
I will now yield to thegentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Borchard,] who desires to address the
committee.
No objection was made.
Mr. BORCHARD. Mr. Chairman, during
the late rebellion, while the exigencies of the
nation demanded contributions from every
resource in order to raise and support armies
and navies, the attention of Congress seems to
have been directed chiefly to ascertain in what
manner the greatest revenue could be secured.
And while the national credit remained greatly
impaired, ample revenues have been found
more potent in restoring confidence than con-
gressional pledges and resolutions. Recon-
struction and the restoration of the revolted
States, now happily alihost consummated; the
large surplus yearly revenue, amounting during
the past year to one thirtieth part of the debt
itself, and the appreciation of interest-bearing
national obligations to their face value, point
to the safety and expediency of a reexamination
of our system of taxation and to the duty of
alleviatingitsburdens where they fall unequally
or oppressively upon any industry or section of
the Union. Such is the demand of the coun-
try, and is the avowed purpose of the members
ot the committee in considering the tariff, and
recommending the modification of existing
duties. It was the pledge of the Republican
party "that taxation shall bo equalized and
reduced as rapidly as the national faith will
permit."
The statement issued by the Secretary of the
Treasury on the 1st of March, 1870, shows within
the preceding twelve months $87,134,782 84
reduction of the public debt. With the same
rates of taxation and substantially the same
laws tor the collection of the revenue the
present Administration collected and applied
to the reduction of the debt more than $80,-
000,000 in excess of the amount applied for
that purpose during the last year of Andrew
Johnson's administration. Over $55,000,000
of this gain has been from decreased expend-
itures. The revenue has been faithfully col-
lected and faithfully applied. Thus far the
promises of the Republican party have been
redeemed by a Republican Administration.
This decrease of expenditure and this sur-
plus revenue present the practical question, I3
it not possible and desirable at the present
time to lighten taxation? Is the present rate
of taxation necessary? By the act of Febru-
ary 25, 1862, it was provided that the receipts
from duties on imported goods should be set
apart as a special fund, and applied—
First, to the payment in eoin of the interest
on the bonds and notes of the United States;
Second, to the purchase or paymentof 1 per
cent, of the entire debt of the United States,
to be made within each fiscal year after the 1st
day of July, 1862, to be set apart as a sinking
fund, and the interest of which in like manner
to be applied to the purchase or payment of
the public debt.
According to the last report for the Secretary of
the Treasury the receipts for customs for tho
years 1869 and 1870, actual and estimated, will be
about  §187.600,000
Interest on public debt $131,200,000
One per cent, sinking fund
would be  24,400,000
  155,600,000
Leaving excess    $31,000,000
For the fiscal year ending on the30th of Juno, 1371,the
estimates under present laws are, of receipts from
customs  $185,000,000
Interest 3127,000,000
Sinking fund, say  25,000,000
  152,000,000
Excess  533,000,000
We can, if these estimates are correct,
reduce our revenues from custom duties
$38,000,000 and still redeem the plighted faith
of the nation to the holders of the interest-
bearing obligations. But the receipts from
customs will be in excess rather than below the
estimates, and permit-a still greater reduction
in duties. The revenue from other sources,
if equal to the estimates, will exceed all other
expenditures $44,000,000, so that a reduction
of the amount collected from internal rev-
enue as well as customs can be safely made.
An honest and faithful enforcement, of tbe
laws, with an economical expenditure of pub-
lic moneys, has given this renewed proof of
the nation's ability and willingness to pay its
indebtedness, and is fast restoring the national
credit.
With the continuance of the same prudent
disbursement, and efficient collection of tho
revenue at the present rate of taxation, our
vast public debt would be discharged within
the life of the present generation. If the cap-
ital of the country were not needed at home
to develop its resources, if the excessive cost
of producing exportable commodities were not
entailing a heavy burden upon the leading in-
dustries of the country, if the change of mon-
etary values had not disarranged business and
diminished or annihilated profits, if no pros-
pect offered to fund the debt and borrow at
lower rates of interest, we might hesitate to
reduce the revenue or lighten taxation. It,
might be desirable to discharge the debt speedily
by the highest rate of taxa^on endurable if
the business of the country were prosperous
and remunerative to all classes. It might be
better by extra privation and sacrifice to pay
off the debt rapidly than to pay perpetual toll".
This has always been the American policy in
contrast with the European, and writers like
J. S. Mill insist that it is the wiser course, and
entails less suffering and hardship, since the
greater burden falls at once upon capital. But
whether this is true or not, taxation at the
present time is greater than the country can
well endure.
The low price of staple productions, the fall
in nominal values, the unsettled condition of
the markets, and the losses from fluctuations
in the value of the legal standard itself, have
greatly impaired the ability of the people at
the present time to respond to the demands of
the revenue without great hardship and finan-
cial distress.
Several gentleman have in glowing language
enlarged upon the prosperous condition of tue
country. This may be true in certain sections
and in the localities which they represent.
Comparison, however, of the business results
of the last with former years will show that this
is not generally the case. In the southern States
the bountiful yield of their great staple is un-
usually remunerative to the industry of that
region. _ In some of the commercial and man-
ufacturing States of the North statistics show an
improvement of business compared with former
years. But, Messrs. Dun, Barlow & Co., in
their annual statement of failures contrasting
the last with the preceding year, show the com-
