1260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
from Ohio and the Senator from Massachusetts
have detailed what occurred in a caucus, I
think I may now be permitted to say that if
you had agreed with those four Senators, who
opposed your system of reconstruction at its
very outset, these States would all have been
in; they would have been under loyal organiza-
tions ; peace, law, and order would have pre-
vailed among them; and prosperity, so far as j
civil government could give it, would have
obtained among them long since.
But, sir, we could not have our way. The
other course was taken, and for more years i
than the war was fought to keep them in the
Union they have been kept out by legislation.
Here is one point upon which we can test this
bill. The House of Representatives has no
right under the Constitution to say who are
entitled to admission upon this floor; nor have j
we, the Senate, any right to say who shall be
entitled to admission upon the other floor.
This was the position taken originally by the
gentlemen to whom I refer; but the view of
the majority prevailed, and now we are here
deliberating upon the right of a State to rep-
resentation upon this floor, and by your bill j
she cannot have it unless the House of Repre-
sentatives consents to it.
Mr. President, need I read the provision of
the Constitution that each House shall be for
itself the judge of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of its members? We have been
here for weeks disoussing the question whether
a Senator should be admitted upon this floor,
not upon his credentials, not because he comes '
here and asks for admission by reason of hav-
ing been elected by the Legislature of a State, i
but upon an act of Congress; and unless the
House consents to the fundamental conditions
that are proposed to be imposed upon this bill
we cannot have a Senator on this floor from
the State of Mississippi.
The Judiciary Committee now propose to
strike off all these fundamental conditions, and
they propose to declare by a simple, single sec-
tion that the State of Mississippi is entitled to
representation in Congress. Now, suppose that
the House will not consent to that, but will
insist that some conditions shall be imposed
on the State of Mississippi, else she shall not
have representation in Congress; what is the
result? The provision of the Constitution that
the Senate shall judge of the qualifications,
returns, and elections of its members is an-
nulled ; we, the Senate, are tied up, and we
cannot admit a Senator from a State in this
Union unless the House consents. So with the
House; they cannot admit a Representative
unlessthe Senate consents to ail the provisions
of a bill which may be proposed. And thus we
have the House sitting in judgment on the
Senate, and the Senate sitting in judgment on
the House.
But, sir, to come more particularly to the
discussion that has occurred to-day in regard
to this bill, the Senator from Indiana has again
presented bis idea that if we have a right to
establish a government we have a right to
preserve it. His argument is that if under
the reconstruction acts you can establish State
governments you can preserve them; and, as
I said the other day, what, then, is the limit of
the power of Congress in regard to these State
governments? The Constitution? No, sir;
your reconstruction acts provided how these
State governments should be organized, and the
limit of the power of Congress is to be found
in the reconstruction acts. Sir, the Constitu-
tion does not give to Congress the power to
establish or the power to preserve; but the
people of the States having established for
themselves, by their own power, republican
farms of government, the Constitution requires
the United States to guaranty them and pre-
serve them to the people.
Take, for instance, the State of Wisconsin:
she was admitted upon the recital that" whereas
the people," not Congress, but " the people
of toe Territory of Wisconsin,'' bad organized
a State government republican in form, and
Congress then admitted them into the Union.
They became then entitled to the guarantee of
what ? Of the government that Congress might
see fit to make for them ? No, sir; but they
became then, under the Constitution, entitled
under that guarantee to the government that
they themselves had established and thatCou-
gress, by its act of admission, had recognized as
a republican form of government.
"The United States shall guaranty to every
State in this Union a republican form of gov-
ernment." And how do States come into this
Union ? They come by an act of admission
of the Congress of the United States, recogniz-
ing their form of State government as repub-
lican, and that form of government the Consti-
tution requires the United States to guaranty
to the State, and no other. The people of the
State may make and shape their local legisla-
tion as they please; it is no concern of Con-
gress.
The Senator from Indiana claims, under this
clause, that these States are under the su-
pervision of Congress, and, as illustrating the
power he claims, he suggested that Congress
might legitimately take charge of the regula-
tion of the school system of a State. 1 do not
know that I .quote his precise language, but
the idea would seem to imply that if the State
of Mississippi had a school system that was
not agreeable to the Senator from Indiana or
to a majority of the Senators on this floor, they
might correct that school system, and make the
State of Mississippi alter its school system to
comply with the views of the Senate of the
United States. Now, sir, we have in Minne-
sota a common school system. We think it
is the best adapted to our wants. I had some
part in devising it. We thought it was the
very best we conld devise. Now, if the Con-
gress of the United States can interfere with
that, and compel us to make a system that will
conform to the views of Congress, then, as the
Senator from Wisconsin says, what becomes
of the States, and why do we have States ?
Why have districts of country bounded by
natural or imaginary lines? Why have an
apportionment of the representation in the
other House, and in this, according to States?
Why not call us, as the Senator from Illinois
says, all one people, one country, and have no
State government and no local governments
at ail ?
The Constitution of the United States pro-
vides, that " the United States shall guaranty
to every State in this Union a republican form
of government." When a State is admitted
the presumption is, or ought to be, that its form
of organization is republican. The construc-
tion naturally ought to be that it is republican ;
and being admitted, it is like any other State.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from
Minnesota allow me to ask him a question
just there ?
Mr. NORTON. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. Does the Senator believe
that the clause which he has just read, the
fuarantee clause, gives to the Congress of the
Inited States any power whatever; and if so,
what is it?
Mr. NORTON. I believe that this clause
does give a power to the United States, and
the power that it does give is that alter a State
is admitted into the Union, Congress first
passing upon the form of the organization, in-
surrection, invasion, or rebellion shall not
upset that republican form of government;
and that is all Congress can do.
Mr. HOWARD. But the honorable Senator
will observe that the guarantee spoken of in the
Constitution extends to States in the Union.
Mr. NORTON. Certainly; to States in the
Union.
Mr. HOWARD. The question is, whether
Congress has by virtue of that clause any
power whatever in reference to a State duly
and regularly in the Union.
Mr. NORTON. Yes, sir, it has.
Mr. HOWARD. And what is that power ?
Point out an instance of it.
Mr. NORTON. The State of Michigan is a
State duly, regularly admitted. If from the
northern frontier, on the north of Lake Supe-
rior, on the northern borders of Lake Huron,
the Sault Ste. Marie or Lake Saint Clair, the
Canadians should invade the State of Michigan
and should overpower the people of Michigan
and set up and establish some other form of
government, the Government of the United
States would displace them, and by its power
would give to the people of Michigan again a
republican form of government.
Mr. HOWARD. No doubt, and that is
expressly provided for in the next clause, not
in the clause to which I called the Senator's
attention.
Mr. NORTON. Very well; then, if the
Senator from Michigan and the Senate are not
weary, I will explain my idea of that. If the
people of the State of Michigan should set up
there a government by force, and make, if you
please—I refer to it only for the illustration—
the Senator from Michigan the king or the
emperor or the monarch of the State of Mich-
igan, the Government of the United States
would be bound to send enough force there to
displace the Senator from Michigan from hia
throne.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose, however, the
State of Michigan should consent to take a
monarch, and should actually take him, would
there be under that clause any power in Con-
gress to interfere with the wishes of the people
thus expressed and their consent to monarch-
ical government?
Mr. NORTON. This guarantee is not to
the people who have a majority who might
establish the Senator from Michigan upon the
throne; but the minority would have a right
to call upon the General Government of the
United States to displace him, and to give them
a republican form of government. " The Uni-
ted States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form of government," aud
if the majority of the people should choose to
make the Senator from Michigan king, emperor,
no matter what, the United States would come
there and displace him, and would make those
people establish a republican form of govern-
ment. Is the Senator answered ?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir.
Mr. NORTON. I do not mean is he an-
swered, but does he inquire for more ? Now,
Mr. President, coming back to the bill that i3
specially under discussion, I wish to impress
upon the Senate—and I would that I could
impress it upon the country everywhere—the
absurdity to which your whole system of
reconstruction has 1m you. I would, if I
could, impress upon the Senate and the coun-
try the fact shown by this whole discussion of
Virginia, Georgia, and Mississippi—and when
Texas comes we shall have more of it—that
your whole system of reconstruction has been
in perfect violation of the Constitution of the
United States, and treading under your feet
every fundamental principle of free govern-
ment. What is it now that is proposed? That
the State of Mississippi is entitled to represent-
ation because the people of that State have or-
ganized a government ? Because the people of
that State, of their free choice, have instituted
and set on foot a government republican in
form ? No, sir, you do not recite that. When
Wisconsin was admitted you recited that the
people of the Territory of Wisconsin had organ-
ized a State government, not that Congress by
its army, by military power, by the sword and
the bayonet, had instituted a government
there, but that the people of the Territory of
Wisconsin had organized a government repub-
lican in form.
The Senator from Wisconsin spoke of pre-
serving the traditions of our people and our
Government. Sir, there never yet was a Ter-
ritory organized into a State and admitted as a
State of this Union where the act of admission
