.1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BROOKS, of!New York. This is mere
boy's play.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I make the point
of order chat having withdrawn his amend-
ment, and moved the previous question on the
■bill, the gentleman from Ohio cannot renew
tile same amendment.
'J he BPii A.KER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I withdraw my de-
mand for the previous question on the bill, and
shall move to add other sections, so modified
as to be different from those on which the
•judgment of the House has been taken.
The SPEAKER. That will be in order.
Mr. BIRD and Mr. ELD RIDGE moved that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BROOKS, of New* York. I raise the
point of order that the gentleman from Ohio ,
having been defeated in his call for the previous
question, has no right or title to the floor, but
that some member of the majority, of which
majority I was one, has that, title.
The SPEAKER. The point would be a
good one if it weie the same amendment that
was before tbe House. But because the gen-
tleman from Ohio has been defeated on one
amendment, non constat thathewillbe defeated
on another.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Has the
gentleman a light to tbe floor ail the time,
although he now represents only a minority of
the House?
The SPEAKER. That is a point to be de-
termined when the gentleman's amendmentis
submiiledto the House. Jt is not for the Chair
or for the gentleman from New York to assume
that that amendment will be defeated. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] is recog-
nized by the Chair.
.Mr. SCHKNCK. I hare an amendment to
offer similar to the one I offered just now, with
this difference: that piovided that the bill
should take effect from and after January 1,
1871. I think it best that it should take effect
from and after December 31,1870; and I have
modified it in that way. I ask the previous
question on tbe amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment to that amendment.
Tbe SPEAKER. Unless the House refuses
to second the previous question, it is not in the
power of the Chair to entertain ail amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I demand the reporting
of the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schbxok.] I want the country to see
that it is no new amendment.
The SPEAKER. That the gentleman has
a right to.
The Clerk proceeded to read Mr. Schenck's
amendment, which was the same as the last
amendment od'eied by him, with the change
of the date when the bill shall take effect.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw the demand
for the reading of tiie amendment. There is
no doubt that it ia the same amendment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I renew the
demand for the reading. I intend to insist on
every point of order.
The SPEAKER. That is the gentleman's
right.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the
amendment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. By the advice
of some of my friends ( withdraw the call for
the further reading of the amendment.
The SPEAKER. Then the question recurs,
"Will the House second the demand for the
previous question-on this amendment?" The
Chair will, as he has a right to do, order that j
question to be taken by tellers; and Mr. !
Scuexck, and Mr. Brooks of New York, will 1
act as fellers.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 90, noes 83.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question recurred upon ordering the
main question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for the yeas and uays
on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is it in order
to move to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion is always in
order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then I move
to adjourn, so as to carry out this boy's play.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. I move that when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Tuesday
next; and I call for the yeas and nays on that
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 15, nays 163, not voting
52 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Archer, Biggs, Burr,
Eidridjjc, Fox, llaldeman, McNeely, llanda!l, Kids-
wav, Siocum, btiles, Van Trump, Wood, and Wood-
ward—15.
ISIAI'S—-Messrs. Allison. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong-,
Arncll, Asper, Atwoou, Axte!!, Bailey, Banks. Barry,
33e;iman, Leatty, Beck, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton,
Bingham, Bird, Blair, Boles, Booker, Ueorge M.
Brook*, James Brooks, Buiknton, Burchard, JBur-
dett, WilltnmX. Clark, Auia-a Cobb, Unburn, Cook,
Conner, Covode, Cowles, Crobs, Cullom, Dawes,
l)egener. Dickey, Dickinson, Hoekery, Donley, T)ox,
Duval, ]>j er. El.i, 3?\unsworth, Ferris*, PmkeJaburg,
Fitch, Garlickl, G -tz. tubson, Griswold, Ifaijriu,
Hale, llamblcfon, ilnmili, Hamilton, Harris, Haw-
kins, liawloy, Hay, Hays, llulhn. Hill, Hoar, Hoi-
man, Hooper, Ilolchkiss, lusersull, Jenekes, John-
fori, Alexander II. Jones, Judd, Kellcy, Kellogg,
Kctcham, Knapp, Knott, Lnflin, Lndi, Lawrence,
Lewis, Logan, Luughridse, Marshall, Mayham, jVIay-
n.ml, McCarthy, AteCormick, M-jOrary, MoOrow,
AioKoe, MoKenzie, Mcreur, Milne*, Eliakiui II.
Moore, Jesse IE. Moore, William Moore, Morphis,
Daniel J. JVlorreli, Samuel P. Moiri'l, Morrissey,
Myers, 2sregley, Newsliain, Niblick, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Paine. Peck, Perce, Peters, Pome-
roy, Porter, Prosser, Reeves, ltice, lingers, Sar-
gent, _Sawyer, Schenck, Scotitld, Lionel A. Shel-
don, Sherrod, John^A. Smith, Joseph S. Smiih,
William J. .Smith, Worthmgton C. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stokes, Stoughton, Strick-
land, Shong, Swann, Sweeney, T.tllo, X.mnei, Tay-
lor, Tillman, Twichell, Tyner, Up^on, Van Born,
Van Wyck, Wallace, Ward, William L>. Washburn,
"Walker, Wells, Wheeler, Wlulmoro, Wilkinson,
Williams, iihisreno M. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Winans Winchester, and Witchcr—103.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ayer, Barnurn, Bowen,
Boyd, Buck, Buckley, Benjamin P. Butler, Rode-
rick It. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cleveland, Clinton L.Cobb, Conner, Cox,
Davis, Dixon, Ferry, Fisher,Gillillan, Beaton, Hoge,
Thomas L. Jones, Julum, Kolsey, Kerr, Lynch,
Morgan, Mungcn, Palmer, Phelps, Piatt, Poland,
Potter, Boots, San ford, Schumaker, Shanks, Porter
Sheldon, Sbober, Stevens, Stevenson, Stone, Strader,
Town^end, Trimble, Van Auken, Voorhees, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, and Willurd—52.
Ro the motion that when the House adjourns
to-day it be to meet on Tuesday next was not
agreed to.
During tbe call of the roll,
Mr. PETERS said: In reference to this call
of the roll, and any other roll-call that may be
had to-day, I desire to say that Mr. Lynch,
my colleague, is confined to his room by sick-
ness.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Brooks, of New York, that the House
now adjourn, upon which tbe yeas and nays
had been oidered.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I hope that motion
will be withdrawn.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I would with-
draw tbe motion but ior the fact that gentlemen
on both sides of the House have paired and left
the Hail for half an hour, with the expectation
that the yeas and nays would be called upon
my motion. For that reason I shall not with-
draw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 understand that several
gentlemen have left the Hall with the expecta-
tion that the yeas and nays would be called
two or three times.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well; let them
bo called.
The question was then taken on the motion
to adjourn j and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 18, nays-153, not voting 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Beck, James Brooks-
Dickinson, Dox, Eldridgo, Fox,' Get% H&ldeman,
Ivnott, Mayham, McCorwLck, McNeely, Stilus,
Svveeney, Van Trump, .Winchester, and Wood—IS.
3\ AYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison,' Aifibier, f Amos,
Armstrong, Arneil, Asper, Atwood-, AxfceB;: Bailed,
Larry, Learnan, Bcatty, Benjamin, JBegnetfc, Ben-
ton, Bingham, Bird, Blair. Booker, Boyd, (xeorgo M.
Brooks, Luifinton, Burchard, Burdetfc, Burr, "Ben-
jamin i. Butler, William X. Clark, Sidney Cia&ke,
Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Covode, Cojvies,
Crebs, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Degc'ner, ©ickey,
Doekery, Donley, Duval, Eia, Parnsworth, Perriss,
imkelnbuVg, Fitob, Garfield. Gibson, GilliilaD,
Haight, Hale, llambleton. HamilL.Hamilton, Har-
ris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hays, Ueflin, Hill, Hoar,
llolman, Hooper, Hotebkiss, Ingfersoli, jenekes*,
Alexander H. Jones Judd, Kelley, .Kollogg, Ketch-
am, Knapp. Laflin, Lasb, Lawrence, Lewis, Logan,
Loughridge, Marshall, Maynard, McCarthy, Mc-
Crary, MeO row, MeKee, MoKenaio, Mcrcur, Milnes,
Bhakim 11. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Myers, Neg-
ley, Nowsham, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
Packer, Paine, Peek, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Pome-
roy, Porter, Potter,'Prosser, Randall, Reeves, Bice,
Rogers, Boots, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Scoiield,
JjiAnol A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Stocum,
John A. Smith. Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stough-
toa, Slnckland, Strong, Swann, Talie,Tanuer, Tay-
lor, Tillman, Trimble, TwieheU, Xyner, Upson, Van
Horn, Van Wyok, Wallace, Ward, Whitmore, Wil-
kinson, W1111<i ins, John X. Wilson, and Witoher—153.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ayer, Banks, Barnurn,
Bigflfs, Bolos, Bowen, Buck, Buckley, Boderick R.
Butler, Cake.. Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, Cleveland,
Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Cox, Dixon, Dyer, Perry,
I'Ydier, Grisvvold, llay, Heaton, Hoge, Johnson,
Thonu^ L. Jones, Julian,Kelsey, Kerr,Lynch,Mor-
prun, Samut'l P. Morrill, Mungen, Palmer, Piatt,
Poland, Pvidgway, Sanl'ord, Schumaker, Shanks,
Snobei, Wortlmiffton C. Smith, Stevens. Stokes,
Si one, Strader, 'L'ownsend, Van Auken, voorhees,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wilhatu B. Washburn,
Welkor, Wells, Wheeloi-, Willard,Eug,eneM. Wilson,
Winans, and Woodward—59.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the
main question upon the amendment moved by
Mr. Sciienck in relation to tariff duties ; upon
which the yeas and nays had been ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the atlinnal-ive—yeas 94, nays 86, not voting
50 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler. Amos, Armstrong, Arnc1!«
At,wood, Bailey, Banks, Bearnan, Bennett, Beaton,
Bingham, Blair, Boles, Buliinton, Burdett, Amnsa
Cobb,Co bu rn. Conger, Co vodc, Co wles, Dickey, Donley,
Duval, Ela,Eldndge,Perriss,Grilfillan,Hale, Hamil-
ton, llftwloy, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Inger-
foII, Kollcy, Kellogg, Kctcham, Knapp, Latlin.Lash,
Lawronco. Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew,
Meicur,Milues, Bliakimll. Moore, William Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill,
Myers, Negloy,O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer,Peck,
Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Porter, Prosser, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scolield, Porter Sheldon, John A.Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong,
Tanner, Taylor.Tillm-\n, Towusend,Twichell, Tyner,
"Upson, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward. William B.
Washburn, Welkcr, Wheeler, Willard, Williams,
John T. Wilson, and Witcher—94.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Archer, Asper, Ayer,
Barry, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Bird, Boyd. James
Brooks, Burchard-Burr,Benjamin P. Butler, William
T.Clark, Sidney Ciaike, Crebs,Cullom,Davis, Dawes,
Dcgener.Du'kinson, Doekery, Dox. Parnsworth, Fin-
kelnburg, Fitch, Fox, Garfield, Getz, Gibson, Gris-
wold, llaight, Ilaldeman, Hamblcton, Harris, Uaw-
kins. Hay, Hays, Heflin, llolman. Jenckes, Johnson,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Knott, Lewis, Logan,
Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, McKee, McKcnzio,
McNeely, Jesse ll.Moore, Morgan, Morrissey, New-
sham, Niblack, Paine. Perce, Pomeroy, Potter. Ran-
dall, Beeves, Bice, liidgway, Rogers, Sargent, Lio-
nel A. Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocuiu, Joseph S. Smith,
Stiles, Stone, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Trump,
Wihitmore, Wilkinson, Eugonc M. Wilson, "Winans,
Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—SO.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adaras, Axtell, Barnum,
Big<Ts, Booker, Bowen. George M. Brooks, Buck,
Bueklcy, Roderick It. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Cessna,
Churchill, Cleveland, CI tnton L. Cobb, Cook, Conner,
Cox, Dixon, Dyer, Ferry, Fisher, Ilamiil, Heaton,
Hose, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, ICelscy, Kerr,
Loughridge, Lynch, Mungen, Palmer, Poland,
Boots, Santord, Schumaker, Shanks,Shober,William
J. Suiitb, Stevens, Stevenson, Strader, Tatfe, Van
Auken, Voorhees, V/ allace.Cadwalador C.Washburn,
and Wells—ou.
So the main question was ordered.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. LO UGHRIDGE said: On this question
I ain paired with Mr. Kerb, of Indiana. If he
were here he would vote ltno,'J and I would
vote "av," . . ,
Mr. ROOTS. Upon this questionlampaired
with Mr. Biggs, of Delaware. If he were here
he would vote "no,"and I would vote "ay."
Mr COOK. On this question I am paired
with Mr. Cake, of Pennsylvania.
