1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
247
41st Cong....2d Sess.
National Debt, &c.—Mr. Lawrence.
Ho. op Reps.
sions, &c. Thus we can, as the Commissioner
"Sweep away the special or license tax, and all
others that rest upon the labor, industry, andsmaller
business transactions of the country."
The articles bought with the wages of labor
ought not to be taxed, because they fall upon
population, not wealth. They cripple the ener-
gies of labor in the struggle to gain a compe-
tency, homes, and education for all, and thus
sap the foundations of republican government
and bring in their train ignorance, degrada-
tion, moral and political desolation. The pol-
icy which insists upon a speedy payment of
the whole debt will require that all these taxes
shall be retained, and if the debt is to be paid
without any extension of the time there must
be raised by taxation $150,000,000 annually
for sixteen years to pay the principal of the
debt. This would require such an increase of
taxation as to prostrate every industrial enter-
prise of the country.
Is any argument needed to prove the neces-
sity of reduced taxation on the industries of
the country ?
The taxes levied under State and local au-
thority impose upon lands and personal estate
heavy burdens. When to these are added
taxes upon sales, upon the privilege of pur-
suing a business, upon production, upon ex-
pressage and freight, upon the capital that labor
employs to produce wealth, and the wealth
when produced, the result is that the rate of
interest is thereby increased, the profits of la-
bor diminished, earnings are absorbed, foreign
capital shuns investment; foreign production
prospers not only by means of cheaper capital
and labor, but by reason of the burdens im-
posed on our own, and if we do not avert the
evil our waning commerce will still grow less,
old industries and enterprises will not thrive
and new ones will not be inaugurated com-
mensurate with our wants and interests.
I speak in the interest of labor and for the
benefit of the laborer. When these are disre-
garded, oar power, our wealth, our glory will
decay.
THE CURRENCY—THREE REQUISITE CONDITIONS.
The functions and uses of money are so well
understood I will not discuss them now. With-
out money the business of a civilized country
cannot be transacted. Labor to be productive
requires capital or money to buy the materials,
whoso value it enhances by all the processes
of industry.
The money of a country should be sufficient
in amount, attainable at fair rates of interest,
and of uniform value.
As money is useful, the limit of utility is only
reached by a sufficiency for all purposes of
legitimate trade; when it is in excess of this it
begets speculation injurious to the whole com-
munity, costing the people millions for en-
hanced prices without enhanced value; when
it is less than this, labor ceases to be employed
and becomes unproductive just in proportion
to the deficiency, precisely as a mechanic with-
out an adequate supply of tools is unable to
exhibit the measure of his skill in production.
When money is deficient in amount or is
burdened with heavy taxation the competition
in demand or the burdens it bears increases the
rate of interest, and this, as the Comptroller
of the Currency says—
"Is a burden on the business of the country, and
like every other item that enters into tho expense
oi conducting any business, the burden is borne in the
end by the customer or consumer,"
or comes out of the producer.
The cost of the capital which buys, grinds,
and ships to market the farmer's grain is de-
ducted from the price paid him, and the cost
of the capital employed by the mechanic or
the manufacturer diminishes by so much the
profit to him, or adds so much to the cost to
the consumer, or more frequently is appor-
tioned between the two.
When money is fluctuating in value fortunes
are made and lost as gamblers win or lose by
chance. When these fluctuations are sudden
and great we may well employ the words of
Webster in denunciation of such a currency
as—
"Tho most effectual of inventions to fertilise the
rieh man's field by tho sweat of the poor man's
brow."
Or we may adopt the language of Jefferson,
who said that fluctuations,
"By breaking up the moasure of value, make a
lottery of all privato property."
Webster defined our duty when ho said:
"Tho people of this country are entitled at tho
hands of this Government, to a sound, safo, and
uniform currency."
When currency fluctuates in value those who
deal in it, or buy any species of property to
manufacture or sell, charge a premium by way
of insurance against loss by depreciation. The
extent of this on our imports and on the nearly
$7,000,000,000 of the gross value of the annual
products of our population would reach many
millions, falling on every consumer, and to that
extent absorbing the product of his labor.
But when the value of a currency is uniform,
even paper not equal to gold, it may be made
to answer every purpose of coin.
The bill under consideration is designed to
avert all these evils, secure an adequate cur-
rency, attainable at fair rates anil of uniform
value.
AMOUNT OF CURRENCY.
Our paper currency now consists of green-
backs, $306,000,000; fractional currency, $40,-
063,512; national bank notes, $300,000,000;
total, $096,003,512. But this is not all in cir-
culation. The banks hold for the legal-tender
reserve required by law and to meet depos-
its, in addition to $46,000,000 of 3 per cent,
certificates, $86,000,000 of greenbacks, while
the Treasury has an average of more than
$10,000,000, and revenue officers under State
authority hold probably $10,000,000 more,
leaving only $588,885,564 in actual circulation,
or less than $15 per capita of population.
In May, 1865, we had in paper currency
$807,000,000, and conceding that tho one and
two year 5 per cent. Treasury notes $57,758,040,
and $100,000,000 of the $168,241,960 of com-
pound-interest notes were held out of circu-
lation, there remained $640,241,960, or over
$18 per capita of what our population then
was if the currency had been equally distributed
all over the Union. Since then our population
has increased 17 percent., the South has been
opened up to commerce, and the territory
requiring currency has doubled.
With $200,000,000 annual State taxes; with
industries producing a gross yearly value of
$7,000,000,000, asl have already stated, much
of it to be produced and exchanged by the aid
of currency with internal revenue taxes, which
will under contemplated reduction still reach
$140,000,000; with a vast domain of country
over which to distribute tho currency; with
business, population, and wealth increasing,
and in view of what every business man sees,
feels, and knows, we cannot resist the conclu-
sion that a portion of the money now locked
up and idle is needed for use in business. To
make no increase in currency is practical con-
traction, in view of an annual increase of 8J
per cent, in population and of probably 5 per
cent, in business and still more in wealth.
In 1860 we had, bank notes, $207,000,000;
coin, $200,000; in all, $13 per capita of pop-
ulation, when all prices and values were much
less than now, and now our paper currency,
including bank reserves, reaches $17 per cap-
ita, excluding $250,000,000 of coin no longer
used as money, but as a marketable commod-
ity.
It may be that if the great emergency of the
war had not increased the volume of currency
it would have been our interest to have main-
tained a uniform per capita amount. But now
wehave,ofStatedebts,$300,000,000; ofcoun
ty, city, and municipal debts, $500,000,000;
of railroad mortgage debts, $700,000,000, with
$50,000,000 of individual mortgage debt in
Ohio, and probably $500,000,000 in the United
States, besides other immense individual in-
debtedness, much of all this contracted on the
present currency basis and payable in currency,
with salaries and taxes all fixed on the same
bases, and it is now impossible to reduce our
currency without wide-spread bankruptcy and
ruin. The reason is plain.
It is a universal law in financial experience,
as announced by Doubleday in his Financial
History of England, that—
" If the quantity of money circulating in a country
be suddenly increased then prices rise in the mass,
If a decrease be suddenly brought about then prices
in that ease fall in tho mass."—Page 22.
Now, it is only the dictate of common hon-
esty that all this indebtedness, except in the
comparatively few cases where coin payment
was contracted for, should be paid in money
of as nearly equal value as practicable with that
in which it was contracted. In other words,
weshould maintain substantially the same cur-
rency basis, so that property will when sold
command an equal amount of money as when
the debts were contracted. If we do not it will
take more labor, more property to pay debts.
This has been illustrated in the expeiienee
of England and America. Let me cite one
case: in England in 1812, with an abundant
currency, an estate was bought on credit for
£60,000, on which the interest, £8,000, was
paid up to 1821 and £10,555 of principal, and
then the whole estate with another, costing
£72,000 in 1812, were both insufficient to pay
the debt.
Contraction now will bring similar calamities
hero—it means ruin.
MORE MONEY FOR USE WITHOUT NEW ISSUliS OH
INFLATION.
The bill I have introduced proposes to issue
$100,000,000 of 2 per cent, twenty-year bonds,
exchangeable for an equal amount of 6 per
cent, five-twenties, convertible on demand into
greenbacks, and inconvertible into 2 per cent,
bonds, to be deemed lawful money for batik
reserves. The national banking law of June 8,
1864, provides that every bank shall continue
" For the period of twenty years from its organisa-
tion unless" * * * "the franchise
shatl bo forfeited by a violation of this act."
As the law authorizes tho banks to continue
for some years to come it is the dictate of pru-
dence to make them as useful to the public as
may bo practicable.
By law the banks arc required to keep a
reserve in greenbacks, and from necessity they
must keep currency to meet deposits. In Octo-
ber last the deposits were $511,400,000, the
reserve of bank notes, greenbacks, coin, three
per cent, certificates, and cash items were in ait
$274,243,267. There is no necessity for keep-
ing this vast sum idle.
Pass tins bill and the banks will procure
" five-twenties" and exchange for 2 per cents,
and hold §4G,000,000 in lien of that amount
of 3 per cent, certificates now held, and
which it is proposed to cancel, and loan out
$54,000,000 of their currency now locked up
and idle. In that way, practically, wewill have
no more currency, no inflation, but$54,000,000
of the currency now held in banks will he lib-
erated and utilized. Individuals may take
these bonds and use them as currency also; 1
do not say the whole of the bonds should
be issued at onee. Practicallythe issue would
be gradual, and it can be so limited in this i f
spect as to secure and maintain a currency m
