1870.
TflE CONGRESStOifAL GLOBE.
3149
ate by the President in a message dated April
14, 1870, which is as follows:.
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I transmit to Congress areport from the Secretary
of State relative to results of the proceedings of th^
joint commission at Lima under the convention be-
tween the United States and Peru of 4th December,
1868. and recommend that an appropriation be made
to discharge the obligation of tbe United States in
the case of the claim of Esteban G. Montano, to
which the report refers. U. S. GRANT.
Washington, April 14,1870.
Then follows a communication from the
minister of the United States at Lima, ad-
dressed to the Department of State, setting
forth the claims of American citizens, being
somewhat numerous and amounting in all to
$209,971, which hare been recognized by the
commission. Then, in setting them forth, the
minister proceeds as follows:
" I have not been officially informed of the amount
awarded to Stephen G. Montano, the only Peruvian
claimant, bat understand it has been $37,040 gold,
bearing date of 25th February. This award was made
by tho umpire." *** « «
"As Peru will in nil probability pay the aforesaid
amounts punctually on their becoming due, I re-
spectfully request that provisionbemade, according
to law, to meet tho award to Mr. Montano when the
same may be due."
Then follows the award, whicfe is .as follows:
To all whom it may concern :
We, the undersigned, commissioners of the Amer-
ican and Peruvian mixed commission, having failed
to agree on our final decision upon the claim of Ea-
tebaa G. Montano, presented to this commission, that
claim has been decided Upon by tho umpire, Mr. F.
A. Elmore, on the 25th of February, 1870.
According to that decision the Government of the
United States of America has to pay to Mr. Esteban
G. Montano the sum of fifty-seven thousand and
forty American gold dollars; said sum to be paid,
according to article four of the convention of Decem-
ber 4,1868, between the United States of America
and Peru, within four months after the date of this
decision.
Lima, February 25,1870. .
[l. s.j : M.VIDAL,
Commissioner on the part of the
United istatet.of America.
MANUEL PiNER,
Commissionado pp. del Peru.
Then follows—and the whole case will be
completed—article four of the treaty:
"All sums of money which maybe awarded by the
commissioaers, or by the arbiter or umpire on account
of any claim, shall be paid by the one Government
to tho other, as the case may be, within four months
after the date of tbe decision, and without interest,
and withoutany deduction save as specified in article
six hereinafter."
These are the simple facts. The case has
been before the Congress of the United States
aud its validity once recognized in this Cham-
ber. It failed in the other House. It is then
presented before the commission and there the
case has prevailed, and a larger award has been
made to the claimant than was made in this
Chamber before. It would have been, there-
fore, a saving to the United States had the
other House seen fit to follow the Senate in its
original awafd. We should hate saved some
twenty or thirty thousand dollars; but mean-
while the case has gone before the commission
in pursuance of treaty stipulations, and the
award has been made.- Now, shall ire not
perform our part under tbe treaty, and espe-
cially as we look under that same treaty for a
much larger sum to be paid to citizens of the
United States? I do not see bow we can go
behind it, especially on outside information
not of a documentary character* My friend, I
think, will not say that he has looked into a
paper in this case. He is acting on sugges-
tions which I understand perfectly, for they
were made to me in advance, but which I
deemed it my duty to put aside, feeling that
they did not now at this stage belong to the
case. Whatever they may be they cannot now
he introduced; but I should say that all those
suggestions and everything in the case was
once carefully considered by the Committee
on Foreign Relations some two or three years
&go; and you will find among your printed
reports a report made on the case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I admit that it is very
presumptuous in me——
Mr. SUMNER. NW iit all. Now; I beg
the Senator not to treat me in that wby. I
argued with the Senator fairly, and I know
that he is performing his duty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I will withdrawthe
word "presumptuous." I admit that it is very
unwise in me to act upon a suggestion which
the Senator from Massachusetts declines to act
upon; but still that is one of the rights that
belong to Senators here, and he will pardon
me for the exercise of it. Now, I wish to ask
my friend in all good will, whether, this being
an arbitration, he does not recognize that rule
of universal equity and justice in respect to
arbitrations which enables the losing party if
he can establish that the arbitration has come
to a result either through fraud or gross mis-
take—I believe I use technical terms when I
say~lhat—to defend against the award upon
those grounds?
Mr. SUMNER. As a general principle,
undoubtedly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then we are not abso-
lutely bound against all right to a rehearing
and review on these two ground's? notwith-
standing that this mixed pommission has
decided'in favor of this gentleman.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will ^ardota
me. I do not admit that it would be applica-
ble to a Case of this kind. The Senator is
perhaps aware that this very Administration
has, on a similar question, taken the opposite
ground. Take our claims agaihst Venezuela.
That Government alleges fraud in the commis-
sion, and especially on the part of the Ameri-
can coniniissioner, and on that account thus
far has refused to 'make payment; and out
Government has declined to open the award
saying that what has been decided is decided
and cannot tibw be opened. I do pot venture
myself to affirm positively oneway or the other.
I merely call attention to tbe fact that our own
Administration in a kindred case rejected the
position of the Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does myfriesnd mean to
say that our Administration has, admitting the
fraud, insisted upon the performance of the
award?
Mr. S.UMNER. ■ I do not say " admitting the
fraud." i say our Government has declared
that the case! cahoot now be opened.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes. Then. the only
ground on which it'could have declared so
was that there were no circumstances which
would warrant the implication that fraud had
existed, because I hope there never has been
an American Administration, as I am sure
there is not now, which would take advantage
of the fraudulent conduct of its commissioners
to extort money from another nation r let it be
weak or strong.. I thifik we should all agree
to that without respect to party, race, creed,
or color, because there are certain principles
of decency, honor, and justice which prevail
among nations that ought to affect even Admin-
istrations. And let me say to my friend that
the Senate of the United States in its legisla-
tive capacity'is not the Administration, and I
for one •do Hot propose to be bound by any
conduct of aft Administration which seems to
me to be contrary to the principles of justice
and of law too.
We agree that if an award made betweeh
nations (because it is nothing but an award
proceeding upon the principles of justice by
mutual stipulation) iy tainted with fraud Or is
affected with a gross mistake, which is equiv-
alent to it, the party who loses by such an
award has aright in justice and in law to refuse
toexecute that award. .We agree so far, I take
it. In substance, then, the question is whether
there are any circumstances which justify us in
assumingsuchaposition here. I am informed—
and from the documents, my friend will pardon
me for saying—that this citizen of Peru began
by a claim in an action at law against the pilot
association in that country for damages for the
loss of his vessel in conseqoence of the miscon-
duct of the pilot, for which he recovered the
damages that he claimed to the extent of
$24,000, the amount of his loss. He could
not get satisfaction of his execution, for the
reason that this pilot association had not the
mpney to pay him the claim. Then he applied
to the State Department here; but the State
Department did not pay that attention to bis
case which perhaps its importance demanded,
and the result was that finally we bad a mixed
commission for the determination of claims.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator omits that the
State Department referred it to the Congress
of the United States, and that it was carefully
considered, I think, daring two sessions in this
Charhber.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Did it pass?
Mr. SUMNER. It passed this Chamber.
There was a report on it, in which the Senator
will find all the facts set forth, which I had the
honor of making to the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then my friend had not
stated the facts entirely, for he omitted that
before.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will excuse
me for saying that the approval of Congress
does not reside simply in this Chamber. Of
course I agree with .my friend that it ought;
but the Constitution has .so adjusted things that
no measure becomes a law without the assent
of the other House.
Mr. ANTHONY. Allow me to suggest that
I understood at the time this case was up be-
fore that the State Department referred it to
the State of California, because if there was
any claim at all it Was against the State of
California. I did not understand that the
State Department referred it to Congress. .
Mr. SUMNER. I dare say the Senator from
Rhode Island voted for1 the bill on a careful
report, not a hasty document or a brief one,
which the Senator will find on the files of the
Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. . Am I correct? Did the
State Department "tefer that cass (o> Congress?
. Mr. SUMNER. I caiihot speak posmrely,
but my impression^—*
Mr. HOWEl I am afraid this will lead to
debate. [Laughter.] •
M£ EDMUNDS,. I have the fldor.
Mr. DRAKE'.' I trbject to the farther con-
sideration of this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But I hayethefloor. .The
Senator cannot take the Add* from me.
Mr. DRAKE. I was taken off the floor last
Friday by an abjection of that kind.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Missouri was taken off the floor by a similar
objection. The objection applies at any time
before final action. The bill will be passed
ov^r.
. Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn..
Several Senators. No, no; withdraw it.
Mr. DRAKE. I withdraw the motion.
AMERICAN REGISTERS.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 131) granting an
American register to the British-built schooner
W. D. B.; which was considered m in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue an American
register to the British-built schooner W. D. B.,
wrecked and found abandoned at sea, that
vessel being now owned by citizens of Portland,
Maine.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment; ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PORT OF DELIVERY AT VALLEJO.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S-. No. 834) to create a port of delivery at
Vallejo, California ; which was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
