4094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
Mr. ELDRIDGE (having voted in the nega-
tive) said: For the purpose of moving a recon-
sideration of tills vote, I will change my vote
from the negative to the affirmative.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I renew my
motion to adjourn. I think we shall have a
fuller House on Monday.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that when the
House adjourns to day it adjourn to meet on
next Tuesday.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, that question
has been already decided,
The SPEAKER. Bat business having inter-
vened, it is within the power of any member to
renew the motion.
Mr. ELDlilDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 14, nays 142, not voting
74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Archer, JamesBrooks, Burr, Crebs,
Box, Eldridge, Haldeman, Holman, Knott, McNeely,
Shcrrod, Stiles, Van Trump, and Wood—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler.Am^s, Armstrong,
Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Bank?. Barry,
Benmnn, Beatty, Beck. Benjamin, Bennett, Benton,
Blair, Boles. Booker, Buffinton, Burchard, .Burdett,
Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger,
Covode, Cowles, Cullom, Dawes. Dickcy, Dickinson,
Doekery, Donley,Duval, Dyer, Elo.Farnsworth. Fer-
riss.Finkelnburg. Fitch, Garfield. Getz,Gibson, Gilfil-
lan, Hambleton, iiamill, Hamilton. Harris, Haw-
kins. Hawley,Hay,Hays, Jleflrn. Hill. Hooper. Hoi eh-
kiss, Tngersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Kellcy, Kellogg, Ket-
ehara, Knapp, Laflin.Lash, Lawrence, Lewis. Logan,
Loughridge, Marshall, Mnynard, McCarthy, McCor-
inick. MeCravy, MeGrew, McKcnzic, Mercur, Milnes,
Eliakim II. Moore. Jesse II. Moore. William Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J.Morrel}, Samuel P. Morrill,Myers,
Negley, New&bam,Niblack, O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
Packer.Paine^Pcck, Peters,Phelps,Piatt. Pomeroy,
Porter, Prosser, Randall, Reeves, Rogers.Roots. Saw-
yer, Scbenck, Scotield, Lionel A. Sheldon. Porter
Sheldon, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William
J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong,
T;«fFe,T>inner, Taylor, Tillman, Xownsend, Trimble,
Twichell, Tyner, "Upson, Van Horn, William B.Wash-
burn, Walker. Wells, Whitmore. Willard, Williams,
Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winans, arid
Witch er—142.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Barnum,
Biggs,Bingham.Bird,Bowen,Boyd,George M.Brooks,
Buck,Buckley,Benjamin F. Butler,Roderick R. But-
}er. Cake, Calkin,Cessna, Churchill,William T.Clark,
Cleveland,Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Cox,Davis,Dege-
ner, Dixon, Ferry, Fisher, Fox, Griswold, Huight,
Hale, Heaton, Hoar, lloge. Johnson, Alexander II.
Jones. ThomasL. Jones,Julian, Kelsey. Kerr. Lynch,
Mayham, MeKec, Morgan, Monis>sey,Mungen, Pal-
mer, Perce. Poland,Potter, Rice, Kidgway, Sanford,
Sargent, Schuma ker,Shanks,Shober, Slocum,Stevwris,
Stevenson, Stone. Shader, Swann, Sweeney, Van
Auken, Van Wyck, Voorhees, Wallace, Ward, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Wheeler.Wilkinson, Winches-
ter, and AVoodward—74.
So the motion of Mr. Eldripge, that when
the House adjourn to-day it adjourn to meet
on next Tuesday, was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Brooks, of New York, that the House adjourn,
on which the yeas and nays had been ordered.
7'he question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 26, nays 124, not voting
80 : as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer. Bird, Bun-, Crebs, Dick-
inson, Dox, Eidridge, Getz, llai^ht, Haldeman,
ILimbleton, Hawkins, Johnson. Knott. Mayham,
McNeely, Morgan, MorrisMjy, Niblnck. Rice, Ridg-
way. Stiles, Van Trump, Eugene M.Wilson, Wood,
and Woodward—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Arnell, Asper,
Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Bunks, Be?muu, Beatty, Ben-
jamin, Bennett, Benton. Blair, Booker, George M.
Brooks. Buffinton, Burchard. Benjamin F. Butler,
Sidney Clarke, Auuiba Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger,
Covode, Cowles, Cullom, Dawes, Degener, Doekery,
Donley, Duval. Dver, Favnsworth. Ferriss, Finkolw-
burg, Gartield, Gilfillan, Kami!}. Hamilton, Uawley,
Hay, Hays, Heilin, Hoar, Hooper, Ilotehki-ss. luger-
soll, Jenckes, Keliey, Kellogg, Kefeham, Kn-ipp,
Lallin, Lash, Lawrence, Lewis, Loughridge, Mny-
nard, McCarthy, MoCormioK, McCrnrv, MeKee.Mer-
cur, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell. Samuel P. Morrill,
Myers, Negiey, Newsham, O'Neill,Packard,Packer,
Paine,Peck, Peters, Phelps, Pomeroy,Porter. Potter,
Prosser, Randall. Reeves, Roots, Sawyer, Schenck.
Scofield. Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, Joseph ft.
Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stokes, Stonghton,
burn,' Welker, V/elK Wheeler. Whitmore, Wi!-
hinson, Willard, John T. Wilson. Winans, and
Witcher—124.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Axtell,Barnum, Barry, Beck, Biggs,Bingbain, Boles,
Bowcn,Boyd, James Brooks. Buck,Buckley.Burdett,
Roderick It. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Cessna. Churchill,
William T.Clark, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Con-
ner, Cox, Davis, Dickey, Dixon, Ela, Ferry, Fisher,
Fitch, Fox, Gibson, Griswold,Hale, Harris, Heaton,
Hill* Hoge, Holman, Alexander H.Jones, Thomas L.
Jones, Judd. Julian. Kelsey, Kerr. Logan, Lynch,
Marshall,Mc Grew, McKenzie, J esse II. Moore, Mun-
gen, Orth, Palmer, Perce, Piatt, Poland, Rogers,
Sanford, Sargent, Schumaker, Shanks, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Sherrod, Shober, Slocum.Stevens, Steven-
son, Stone, Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Van Auken,
Voorhees, Cadwalader C. Washburo, Williams, and
Winchester—80.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
take a recess until three o'clock. It* we take
time for reflection we may get along better.
Mr. SCHENCK. Order!
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Onthatraotionldemand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn. It is Saturday afternoon, and
we ought to adjourn.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. We might as well
adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 31, nays 113, not voting
84 ; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Archer, Bird, James
Brooks. Burr, Crebs, Dox, Eidridge. Getz, Griswold,
Ilaight, Hardeman, Hambleton, Johnson, Knott,
Lewis, Mayham, McNeely. Morgan, Morphis, Nib-
lack, Reeves, Rice, Ridgway, Sheirod, Stiles, Trim-
ble, Vau Trump, Winchester, Wood, and Wood-
ward—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks,
Barry, Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Benton,
Bingham, Blair, Bowen, George M. Brooks, Buffin-
ton, Burchard, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Amasa
Cobb, Coburn, Cook. Conger, Covode, Cowles, Cul-
lom, Dawes, Doekery, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Farns-
worth, Ferriss,Fmkelnburg,Garfield, Gilfillan, Ham-
ill, Harris, Uawley, Hay. Heflin, Hoar, Hooper, In-
gersoll, Judd. Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham, ICnapp,
Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Marshall, Maynard, McCor-
iniek, McCrary, MeGrew, McICee. McKenzie, Mer-
cur, EliakimH. Moore. William Moore, Samuel P.
Morn 11, Myers, Neglcy.Newsh am, O'Neill, 0 th, Pack-
ard, Packer. Paine,Peek, Perce, Peters, Phelps,Piatt,
Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser, Roots. Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William
J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stokes, Stoughton,rStrickland. Tay-
lor, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Ward, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welkei, Wells, Wheeler, Whit-
more. Wilkinson, lT'iliard, Williams, John T. Wil-
son, Winans, and Witcher—115.
NOT VOITMt—Messrs. Axtell, Barnum,Bennett,
Biggs, Bole?, Booker, Boyd, Buck, Buckley, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.Butler, Cake, Col-
kin, Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, Clinton L.
Cobb, Conner, Cox, Davis, Degener, Dickey, Dick-
inson. Dixon, Ela, Ferry, Fisher, Fitch, Fox, Gib-
son. Hale, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hays, Heaton, Hill.
Iloge, Holman, Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Alexander II.
Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Ketaey, Kerr,
Logan, Loughridge,Lynch, McCarthy, Milnes, Jesse
II. Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen,
Palmer, Poland, Potter. Randall, Rogers, Sanford,
Swgent, Schumaker, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Shober, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stevens, Steven-
son, Stone, Strader, Strong, Swann. Sweeney, Taffe,
Tanner, Tillman, Van Auken, Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Voorhees, Wallace, CadwaladerC. Washburn,
and Eugene M. Wilson—84.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to make a prop-
osition to the gentleman from Ohio. Wc do
not u filibuster" without a purpose. We have
reason for what we do. It arose first from the
ruling of the Chair that we were not entitled
to a vote on each separate item of the amend-
ment. There are many on which we should
like to have a separate vote. We probably
-should not ask for a separate vole on ail. There
is one item we want a separate vote on, and
that is in reference to Bessemer steel.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman knows I
put that lower than the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The Committee of the
Whole has indicated its opinion on the question
of pig iron, and we should like to have a sep-
arate vote on that. It' is Saturday afternoon,
aud we are u filibustering" without any bad
blood or any unkind feeling. We are doing it
under the rules in the exercise of our rights.
We do not wish to antagonize any one; but
merely to accomplish our purpose, to have a
separate vote on these various propositions.
If the gentleman from Ohio will agree we shall
have a separate vote on independent proposi-
tions such as we suggest, I think he can be
accommodated.
Mr. SCHENCK. If I were to indicate the
items, I have tea and coffee too low for gentle-
men. They wish them higher, and that is why
they are filibustering.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We want a separate vote
on Bessemer steel.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I wish to make an
inquiry.
Mr. SCHENCK. We have gone on so far,
and have the whole day before us.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Suppose we adjourn and
prepare for the Sabbath day.
Mr. SCHENCK. Stop filibustering, and we
can soon finish up this bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We have to maintain
our rights. It is the only way we have to go to
the country.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. It has been vaguely
said there was an understanding during my
absence that no amendments should be per-
mitted to this bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There was no such un-
derstanding. We "filibuster" because the
previous question has been demanded, cutting
off amendments.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I am glad there was
no such understanding.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 object to debate.
Mr. COVODE. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. I do not fully comprehend all that has
been going on. But I want to know whether
the effect of all this filibustering on the part of
men who want to reduce the tariff is not to
prevent the reduction of the tariff?
The SPEAKER. The Chair can hardly
regard that as a parliamentary inquiry. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. COVODE. I want it to be understood
that the men who are for free trade and opposed
to the tariff are filibustering to prevent a
reduction of the tariff duties.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is in the interest of
Ahab.
Mr. COVODE. And I want to call atten-
tion to the conduct of my Democratic friends
from Pennsylvania. One of them, my legtl
friend from Pennsylvania, made a tariff speevh
to influence his voters at home; and yet he
walks through between the tellers, and rises
with the free trade men, on all divisions on
this question in this House.
Mr. STILES. I wish to know if the gen-
tleman is making reference to me?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. CovodeJ havetiie
privilege of speaking the rest of the -afternoon
on Ahab.
Mr. COVODE. Last fall the Republican
paity took from my colleague in his district
somewhere about three thousand votes on the
labor question. It alarmed my legal friend,
and he makes a tariff speech here. And yet,
I repeat it, he has been in the habit of voting
and acting with the free traders ever since. I
will say further 
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to know to whom the gentleman alludes?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware*
[Laughter.]
Mr. COVODE. I would say further, that
