1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1263
use of the insane asylum ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
CONFIRMATION OF LAND SALE.
Mr. BRADFORD introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 161) providing for the con-
firmation of the sale of certain lands in the
Territory of Colorado ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
MAIL ROUTE IN IDAHO.
Mr. SHAFER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1230)to establish a mail route from Idaho City
to the Loom Creek mines, in Idaho Territory :
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Koads.
BOISE CITY, IDAHO.
Mr. SHAFER also introduced a bill (EE. R.
No. 1240) to authorize the mayor of Bois6 City,
Idaho Territory, to execute titles to owners and
occupants of lots in said city, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
BOUNDARIES OF IDAHO.
Mr. SHAFER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1241) to extend the boundaries of the Ter-
ritory of Idaho ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Territories.
CAPITOL BUILDINGS, WYOMING.
Mr. NUCKOLLS presented a memorial of
the Legislative Assembly of Wyoming Terri-
tory, asking for an appropriation for capitol
buildings; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
POOR IN THE DISTRICT.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States for
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
having been completed, the States will now be
called for resolutions, to be presented for con-
sideration at the present time. The call on
last Monday rested at the State of Missouri.
The question pending at the expiration of the
morning hour last Monday was a resolution
offered by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Benjamin,] on which he had demanded the
previous question, and which the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Knott] had moved to lay
on the table. On Mr. Knott's motion the yeas
and nays had been ordered. The Clerk will
report the resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of
Colombia be instructed to report a bill authorizing
and directing the proper authorities of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown to levy a tax upon the
property of said cities subject to taxation sufficient
for the support of the poor resident therein.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 7, nays 142, not voting
69; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Bingham, Buckley, Deweese,
Hawkins, Hoge, Ingersoll, and Peters—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ame3, Armstrong, Asper,
Axtell, Banks.Barnum.Beaman, Benjamin, Benton,
Biggs, Bird, Blair, Boles, Booker, Boyd, George M.
Brooks, Buffinton, Burr, Roderick II. Butler, Calkin,
Churchill, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger,
Cowles, Crebs, Dixon,Dockery, Donley, Dox, Duval,
Oyer, Eldridge, Farnsworth,Ferriss,Ferry,Finkeln-
"urg, Fisher, Fitch, Getz,.Gilfillan, Golladay, Gris-
wold, Haight. Hale, Hawlcy, Hay, Ileaton, Heflin,
Hill, Hoar, Holman, Hooper. Hotchkiss, Jenckes,
Alexander H.Jones, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr,
Knapp, Knott, Laflin, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall,
Jlayham, McCarthy, McCormick, McGrew, McKen-
"e, McNeely, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, Morgan,
Daniel J. Morrell,Samuel P.Morrill,Mungen,Myers,
^iblack, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Paine, Palmer,
rdtlps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Potter, Prosser,
iiindall, Heading, Beeves, Rice, Ridgway, Rogers,
i.ir;ent. Sawyer, Schumakcr, Scofield, Shanks, Slo-
lurj. John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William
Epytn, Starkweather. Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles,
v Stoughton, Strader, Strickland, Strong,
(.wann, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble,
|wn;hell,Tyner,Van Auken.Van Horn, VanTrump,
> oorheos.Wfird. Cadwalader C. Washburn. William
aihburn, Welker, Wells, Wheeler, Wilkinson,
^luard,Eugene M.Wilson, John T.Wilson,Witcher,
Wood, and Woodward—142.
L.Cobb, Covode, Cox.Cullom, Davis,Dawes, Dickey,
Dickinson, Ela, Fox, Garfield, Gibson, Greene,
llaldeman. llambleton, Ilamill, Hamilton, Hays,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kctcham,
Lash, Lawrence, Lynch, Maynard. MeCrary, Milnes,
Jesse II. Moore, William Moore, Morrissey, Negley,
Packer, Porter, Roots, Sanford, Schenck, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,Sherrod, William J. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith. Stone, Sweeney, Upson,
Whittemore.Williams, Winans, and Winchester—6lJ.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the
table was not agreed to.
The question recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise for the purpose of
offering an amendment.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order when
the previous question has been demanded.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then, if it is in order, I
desire, before the vote is taken, to have the
amendment read.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done, even
with unanimous consent, during the morning
hour on Monday.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 58, noes 40 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Benjamin* and Mr.
schenck.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 68, noes 42.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; under the opera-
tion of which the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
| vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
j! also moved that the motion to reconsider be
| laid on the table.
j | The latter motion was agreed to.
MISSOUlil STATE MILITIA,
i Mr. DYER introduced the following pre-
amble and resolution ; which were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed :
Whereas the Governor of the State of Missouri, in
1861, under an agreement with the President of the
United States, authorized the recruiting of ten regi-
ments of cavalry for service in the State of Missouri,
to be designated the "Missouri State militia;" and
whereas said regiments of cavalry were recruited
and mustered into the service of the United States
for the period of " three years or during the war;"
and whereas the Government of the United States
, recognized by law such regiments as part of the reg-
; ular volunteer army of the United States, and has
| by law authorized the payment to the soldiers of
; such regiments the same bounty paid to othertroops;
| and whereas it is said that the laws passed in refer-
ence to such organizations does not authorize the
payment to the officers thereof the "pay extra"
authorized to be paid to other officers of similar
rank in the Army: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Committee on Military
Affairs be instructed to inquire what legislation, if
any, is necessary to place such officers on an equal
footing with other officers of the volunteer army so
far as "pay extra" is concerned, and that they report
by bill or otherwise.
ADDITIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE submitted the follow-
ing resolution, upon which he demanded the
previous question;
Resolved, That in the opinion of the House the
business interests of the country require an increase
in the volume of circulating currency, and the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency are instructed to
report to the House, at as early a day as practicable,
a bill increasing the currency to the amount of at
least $50,000,000.
Mr. WARD moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
49, noes 56 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 73, nays 93, not voting
52 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Axtell, Banks, Barnum,
Beaman, Benton, Bird, George M. Brooks, James
Brooks. Buffinton, Burchard, Churchill, Cowles. Cox,
Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Duval, Ela, Ferriss, Fisher,
Fitch, Garfield, Getz, Gilfillan, Haight, Hale, Hill,
Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Knapp, Laflin, Lynch, McGrew, Mercur,
" Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley,
O'Neill, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Potter, Randall,
Reading. Sargent, Sawyer, Schumaker, Scofield,
1 orter hlieldon, Slocum, Worthington C. Smith,
Markweathcr, Stevens, Stiles, Strong. Tanner,
Til man, Townsend, Twichell. Van Aukcn, Ward,
Cadwalader; 0. Washburn. William 15. Washburn,
I \\ heeler, \\ lllard, and W oodward—73.
1 NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Asper, Bock,
Benjamin. Biggs, Bingham, Boles, Booker, Boyd,
Buckley, Burdctt, Burr, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Conger, Crebs, Deweese, Dockery, Dox, Dyer Kld-
rulgo, Farnsworth. Ferry, Finkelnburg. Gibson, Gol-
laday, Greene, Griswold, llawkins, Hawlcy, Hay,
I 11 en in, Hoge, Holman, Ingersoll, Johnson. Alexan-
der II. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kerr, Knott,
Lash, Lawrcuce,Logsin, Loughridge, Marshal!, May-
ham, Maynard, MeCorinick, MeCrary, MclCenzio,
McNeely, Eliakim II. Moore, Morgan, Mungen,
Niblack, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Prosser, Reeves, Kice, Ridgway,
Rogers, Schenek. Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon,
JoscphS. Smith, William Smyth, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stone, Stoughton, Strader, Swann, Taffe, Trimble,
Tyner. Van Horn. Voorhecs, Welker, Wells, Wilkin-
son, Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Witcher,
and Wood—93.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arncll, Ayer, Bailey, Beatty, Bennett, Blair, liowen.
Buck, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Clarke, Cleveland, Clinton L.
Cobb, Covode, Cullom, Dickey, Dickinson, Donley,
F'ox, llaldeman, llambleton, llamill, Hamilton,
Hays, Ileaton, Julian, Ketcham,McCarthy, Milnes,
Jesso II. Moore, AViliiatn Moore, Morrissey, Porter,
Roots, Sanford, Sherrod, John A. Smith. William J.
Smith, Strickland, Sweeney, Upson, Van Trump,
Whittemore, Williams, Winans,and Winchester—52.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, aud the resolution goes over until
Monday next.
B. G. WELCH.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
1 read, considered, and agreed to :
| Resolved, That the claim of B. G. Welch and tho
I accompanying affidavits be, and the same are hereby,
: referred to the Committee on Claims, and that said
committee be directed to examine the said claim, and
I that they report thereon by bill or otherwiso.
RANK IN THE NAVY.
Mr. SCOETELD, by unanimous consent,
i presented a letter from the Secretary of the
| Navy, inclosing a communication from Admi-
i ral Farragut relative to rank in the Navy;
I which was referred to the Committee on Naval
i Affairs, and ordered to be priuted.
! Mr. SCOFIELD also, by unanimous con-
! sent, presented a letter from the Secretary of
the Navy, inclosing a petition of warrant offi-
: cers, asking for naval rauk; which was referred
| to the Cornmitteeon Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
i NAVAL DEFICIENCIES BILL.
! Mr. DAWES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
Ii. No. 1097) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the naval
I service for the year ending June 30,1870, and
j for other purposes, in order that the House
i may non-concur in the amendments and ask
! for a committee of conference.
The amendments of the Senate were read.
They were as follows:
To increase the appropriation for the Bureau of
Steam Engineering trom $500,000 to 81,000,000, and to
increase the appropriation for tho Bureau of Con-
struction and Repair from $1,000,000 to $2,000,000.
Also, to add to the bill the following:
And these sums shall be covered in and restored
to the Treasury whether they stand to the credit of
such bureaus on the proper books of the Treasurer
of the United States, or have been placed to any
other account, or are under the control of any omcer
or agent of the Navy Department: Provided, ikal
the money so appropriated shall be expended only
for the purpose of providing materials, carrying on
the work, and paying tho employes of the bureaus
for which it is appropriated.
No objection was made; and the amend-
ments of the Senate were taken from the
Speaker's table.
i Mr. DAWES. I move that the House non-
concur in the amendments of the Senate, and
ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would ask the
