1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3151
Mr. MORPHIS introduced a bill ( H. R. No.
1924) for the removal of political disabilities,
 nd for other purposes j which was read a first
and second t ime, and referred to the select Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
APPEALS AND WRITS OF ERROR.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1925) to extend the provisions
of an act entitled "An act supplementary to
an act to allow the United States to prosecute
appeals and writs of error without giving
security, and for other purposes," approved
July 27, 1868; which was read a first aud sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
FOREIGN DIPLOMATIC SERVICE.
Mr. STEVENSON introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 277) to authorize citizens of
the United States to accept diplomatic service
from foreign Governments; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
AMERICAN UNION ACADEMY.
Mr. LAWRENCE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1926) to incorporate the American Union
Academy of Literature) Science, and Art;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
PACIFIC RAILROADS BONDS.
Mr. VAN TRUMP introduced a joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 278) in relation to the Pa-
cific railroads interest paid by the United States
on bonds, and directing the Secretary of the
Treasury to retain certain funds in his hands
for indemnity; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I desire to have the
joint resolution reported in full.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas by a late report of the Secretary of the
Treasury. communicated to this House, it appears .
that the Pacific railroad companies have failed to 1
pay tho interest heretofore accrued upon the bonds
issued by the Government of the United States in
aid of the construction and equipment of the roads
of said companies, which interest said companies
were by law bound to pay; and whereas, also, it
farther appears by said report.that the Government
of the United States, as the guarantor of said bonds,
has been called upon and compelled, as snch surety
as aforesaid, to pay, and has paid, the interest due
on said bonds in the sum of $4,887,590 35, whioh sum
said railroad companies have wholly failed and
refused to reimburse the Government of the United
States; and whereas it also appears by said report
that the Government of the United States has paid
in cash, ont of the Treasury, for freight and trans-
portation of troops over said roads, the sum of
jl,9M,074 61, nnder and by virtue of certain stipula-
tions by which the Government of the United States
was allowed to retain one half of the amonnt due for
said freight and transportation as indemnity for said
liability as guarantor of the ultimate payment of
said bonds, and the half to be paid over to said com-
panies; and whereas the Government of the United
btates as a surety, discharging the obligation of the
principal debtor, is in law entitled to be subrogated
to all the right and interest of said principal debtor
in and to said fund: Therefore,
Be it retolved by the Senate and Botue of Repretent-
ahvet of the United State* of America in Gongreit
Miembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, instructed and required hereafter
to retain the whole of said fund so to become due and
owing by the Government of the United States to
said Pacific railroad companies for freight and trans-
portation of troops over said roads as aforesaid, and
that he apply the same, as it shall hereafter accrue,
to the extinguishment of so much of the debt from
fM? railroad companies to the Government of the
JJnited States for account of interest so paid on said
bonds by the Government of the United States as
aforesaid.
On motion of Mr. VAN TRUMP, the joint
resolution was referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
ISAAC H. LYNN.
Mr. SMITH, of Ohio, introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1927) granting a pension to Isaac H.
Lynn; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, introduced a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 279) to print extra
copies of the report of the Commissioner of
Agriculture for tne year 1869; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Printing.
APPLICATIONS FOR PENSIONS.
Mr. MORGAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1928) to repeal the proviso of the sixth section
of the act entitled "An act relating to pen-
sions," approved July 27, 1868, which limits
applications for pensions to a period of five
years from the origin of the cause for pension;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
JOHN W. ALVK3.
Mr. SWEENEY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1929) for the relief of John W. Alves; 1
which was read a first and second time, and ji
i referred to the Committee of Claims. ;
i
| REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
! Mr. STOKES introduced a bill (H. R. No. i
1930) to relieve certain citizens of the State of ;
i Tennessee of all political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment to th* Constitu- ,
tion of the United States; which was read a |
first and second time, and referred to the select !
Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. PROSSER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1931) to relieve B. F. Cheatham and John C.
Burch, of Nashville; W. B. Lowe, of Richard-
son county, and W. H. S. Hill, of Williamson
connty, Tennessee, of their legal and political
disabilities; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction.
JOHN SARTAIN.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1932) granting a pension to
John Sartain, of Tennessee; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
MARY LINCOLN.
Mr.' JUDD introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1933) granting a pension to Mary Lincoln;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. JUDD. I ask action on the bill now.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order under
this call.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Invalid pensions.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. ROGERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1934) to remove the disabilities from the peo-
ple lately in rebellion against the Government,
imposed by the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
JOHN C. LANES.
Mr. ROOTS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1935.) granting a pension to John C. Lanes;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
FRANCIS J. RITTBR.
Mr. ROOTS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1936) for the relief of Francis J. Ritter;
which was read a first and second time, and,
with the accompanying papers, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. STRICKLAND introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1937) to provide for the holding of
additional terms of the circuit , and district
courts of the United States in the State of
Michigan, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
MAIL STEAMSHIP SERVICE.
Mr. HAMILTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1938) authorizing mail steamship service
between the ports of Cedar Keys, Florida, and
Havana, Cuba; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the bill be
referred to the select Committee on the Causes
of the Reduction of American Tonnage.
^ Mr. FARNSWORTH. If itisfor mail ser-
vice it ought to go to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. If it is for com-
merce it might go to the select committee.
Mr. HAMILTON. I would prefer that it
should go to the select committee, but I have
no objection to its reference to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, if the gen-
tleman desires it.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
NEW ORLEANS, MOBILE, ETC., RAILROAD.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1939) to amend an act entitled "An
act to establish and declare the railroad and
bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chat-
tanooga Railroad Company as hereafter con-
structed, a post route, and for other purposes,"
approved March 2, 1868; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Comrtierce.
DUBUQUE AND SIOUX CITY RAILROAD.
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa, introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1940) amendatory of an act entitled
"An act extending the tjme for the completion
of the Dubuque and Sioux City Railroad;"
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
•WISCONSIN AND LAKE SUPERIOR RAILROAD.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, intro-
ducedabill (H. R. No. 1941) making a grant of
land to the State of Wisconsin, in alternate sec-
tions, to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Augusta, Wisconsin, via Chippewa Falls,
to Superior City, on Lake Superior; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
| REPRESENTATION OF GEORGIA.
I Mr. PAINE. I ask leave to introduce a
j bill to admit the State of Georgia to repre-
sentation in Congress, and for other purposes,
to be referred to the select Committee on Re-
construction ; and I also ask, at the instance of
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Beajiast,]
to introduce an amendment which he has pro-
posed, and have it referred to the same com-
mittee.; and that.both be printed.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to intro-
duce amendments to bills during, this call.
Mr. PAINE. Cannot unanimous consent
be given for that purpose?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order during
the morning hour of Monday to ask unani-
mous consent for any purpose.
Mr. PAINE. Then I will withdraw the bill.
BLACK POINT, SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. AXTELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1942) to relinquish the interest of the United
States to certain lands in the city and county
of San Francisco, in the State of California;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
J. ROSS BROWNE.
Mr. AXTELL also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1943) for the relief of J. Ross Browne,
late commissioner to China; which was read
a first and second time,, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
LAND GRANTS..
Mr. JOHNSON introduced ajoint resolution
(No. 280) declaring the intention of Congress
in makihggrants of land, and in allowing entry
of rejected Mexican land grants; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
PACIFIC CABLE COMPANY.
Mr. JOHNSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1944) to incorporate the Pacific Cable
Company, and to facilitate and encourage tele-
graphic communication between California and
