5040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the Senator think it
would hurt any American to study German?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; I believe the
contrary; but I think it would be a great deal
better for the Germans coming here to learn
English.
Mr. SCHURZ. They do.
Mr. SHERMAN. The continuation of Ger-
man books as a general rule would tend to pre-
vent the children of German parents in this
country from learning the English language.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think the Senator is very
much mistaken. Wherever German parents
have an opportunity to send their children to
English schools they almost always do so; and
if the Senator will look at the public schools in
Cincinnati he will find that in most, if not all
of them, the English language is taught along-
side of the German, or rather the German is
taught alongside of the English. I know it is
so in St. Louis. Is not that a good thing?
Mr. MORTON. I should like to make one
suggestion to my friend from Missouri. While
I am in favor of making the importation of
foreign books that we do notprint, where there
can be no competition with our own manu-
factures, free, yet in regard to school books I
think there is a great propriety in having all
the school books for our children prepared in
our own country.
Mr. SCHURZ. Bat suppose you do not
have them?
Mr. MORTON. I think the German school
hooks ought to be prepared here.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator says they ought
to be prepared here ; but they are not, and I
do not think they will be. There is one re-
mark which I would address to the Senator
from Ohio, and that is, that I consider the
study of foreign languages an extremely use-
ful thing, especially in a country like this.
There is nothing that I can think of 111 that
line that would be more promotive of general
intelligence and education than just that; and
whatever we can do to promote it will be for
the benefit of the people at large. I hope the
amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. SUMNEE. Senators seem to argue
that this is applicable exclusively, or almost
exclusively, to school books ; but we are all
aware that outside of school books there are
works of literature, of instruction generally,
of travels, of romance if you please, interest-
ing in families, and which thousands who are
familiar, for instance, with the German lan-
guage, would be glad to have. For example,
here is the large German population of our
country—is it not right that they should have
the means of adding to those innocent recre-
ations that are found in reading ? We should
be doing a real service to them if yre enable
them to import books that they lack, cheap—
not merely school books, but 1 mean the large
class of books outside of school books. I see
110 possible objection to this provision, while 1
see much in its favor.
I have alluded to the large German popula-
tion. There is also a very considerable Italian
population. Some one told me the other day,
who professed to know, that there are three
hundred thousand Italians in our country.
That seemed to me very large; but it was an
estimate made by an Italian. Now, should
not those Italians be enabled under our tariff
law to import books from their own country,
of literature or of science, without paying a
tax? It seems to me that we owe that grat-
ification to them when they come here to join
their fortunes to ours. And so you may go
through the whole list of European nations.
Take Spaniards; take Swedes; take Danes.
1 know not why their books should be taxed
when they come to them from across the sea.
It seems to me that the tax is inhospitable; it
is churlish; and of course it is a tax on knowl-
edge.
Mr. FOWLER. I have but a word to say
on this subject. I hope the amendment will
prevail. There are not many books that will
come in free under the amendment. Take, for
instance, the subject of botany. We could not
get a reputable work on the subject of botany
in the English language. We have to go to
the German language to get it. No scientific
man could be provided with a book on that
subject if it is heavily taxed. Then, again, in
reference to our school books, so far as valu-
able improvements have been made in them,
they have been taken almost exclusively from
the German rather than from the English.
Why should there be any objection to our get-
ting German books for our German schools
free? In almost all the public schools in our
largo cities the German language is taught, as
well as other modern European languages.
Unless we can get a good supply of those books
from Europe we shall be at a loss, because we
cannot find them here. There is no danger of
any great amount of injustice being done to the
revenue under this amendment.
Not only are we destitute of fine works on
botany, but there are other sciences in which
we are almost entirely dependent upon the Ger-
man and the French—chemistry, geology, and
mineralogy particularly. Those works ought
to be imported free. Then, again, important
discoveries have recently been made in as-
tronomy and mathematics. We are very anx-
ious to keep up with those discoveries, and to
do so we must have a supply of the best books
from abroad. Scientific men have great diffi-
culty in getting them, and they are the ones
who are taxed by this duty on books, and taxed
severely, although they use those books for the
purpose of distributing information among the
people.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to enter a motion
for a recess from half past four o'clock until
half past seven o'clock.
Mr. SUMNEK. I will ask, is that desirable?
We were here last night, and expect to be here
to-morrow night.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me the busi-
ness of the country demands it. I suffer as
much from a night session as any one, but 1
think it necessary.
Sir. SUMNER. I think Ave had better sit
until five o'clock, and then adjourn until to-
morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. We waste so much time
011 these little matters that it is necessary to
have a recess and an evening session.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will have
to-morrow for his bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that; but I wish
to get this bill thtough if possible by to-morrow
at four o'clock. I give fair notice of that.
Mr. FOWLER. But when the chairman of
the Committee on Finance gels through with
his bill he rests.
-Mr. SHERMAN. 1 could not get along
unless I did.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Po.mio-
roy in the chair.) The Senator from Ohio
moves that at half past four o'clock to-day
the Senate take a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-
eight, noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should think it will be
diliicult for a collector of customs to determine,
when an invoice of books is brought into the
country, whether or not editions of those works
were published in the United States ; audi do
not see how he could ascertain that fact.
Mr. SHERMAN. And what language they
are in also.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, and what language
they are in. I object to this amendment., be-
cause it is a discrimination, according to the
argument of the Senator from Massachusetts,
against our own people. Italians, he says,
ought to be allowed to import their books free
of duty, and Germans ought to be allowed to
import their books free of duty. Then why
should not English and Americans be allowed
to import their books free of duty?
Mr. SUMNER. Because they would come
in competition with the manufacture of books
here in our own country.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am very confident that
books are published in the United States in
various foreign languages, and that it is a busi-
ness that will grow up and be an extensive
business in this country, and eventually will
accommodate more people than will be accom-
modated if the Germans and Italians and other
foreign-born citizens of this country are com-
pelled to depend upon importations for their
supply. I think it is better to let the law stand
as it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
011 agreeing to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer another amendment,
to insert on page 101, at the end of line fifty-
eight of section forty-eight, " also books with
illustrations relating to the sciences and the
arts."
On that I wish to read a remark of an intel-
ligent person not belonging to the class that
the Senator from Ohio characterized as rich
men who import books, but one who imports
books because he needs them. Remarking on
the works of science and the arts, including
books on architecture and the fir.e arts, which
now pay very heavily at the custom-house, he
says:
"Books of this kind arcs too costly, and the sale of
thorn too limited, for them to bo reprinted. To add
to tlicir cost by a heavy duty is an outrage, for it is
depriving men of small means of the tools whereby
they live. It is a queer kind of protection of home
industry which seek.-* to keep out of the country by
taxation the hnowlcdgcwhich makes industry valu-
able."
Now, I put it to Senators whether any inju-
rious consequence can result from allowing
these books to come in free. The duty that
you receive from them is small; it is very little
for you to give up; but in giving facilities to
the importation of such books you contribute
to knowledge. I am sure of it. I have no
motive 111 making this motion, or this succes-
sion of motions, except my anxiety for the
extension of knowledge in this Republic. I
am for free schools ; I am for free knowledge
everywhere; and I wish to beat down all the
obstructions possible, and one of those is the
tax which we impose in our tariff. I hope
there can be 110 question on that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
The question being put, there weie—ayes
eleven.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays,
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 2G ; as follows :
YI'jAS—Messrs. Anthony, Casserly, Davis, Fowler,
Harris, MeCreery, Patterson, Pool, Sawyer, Sehur?,
Suinnor, Vickcrs, Warner, and Wilson—li.
NAYS—Messrs. foreman, Cameron, Chandler,
Colo, (Jonkling. Corbett. Crajin, Drake. Fenton, Gil-
bert, Hamlin, Harlan, Howard, Howell, McDonald,
Morrill of Vermont,Osborn,Revels, ltice, Robertson,
ltoss, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Willey, and Wil-
liams—
of Texas, Howe, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, iVlorrill
of Maine, Morton, Norton, Nye, Pomoroy, Pratt,
Itamsey, Saulsbury, Spencer, Sprague, Stockton
Thayer, Thurinan, Tipton, Trumbull, andYates—-32.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCHURZ. On page 107, line one hun-
dred and forty-two of section forty eight, after
the word'1 artist,!' I move to insert these words:
And provided further, That all paintings, statuary,
fountains, and othcrworksof art, the production and
property of any American artist, now held for pay-
ment oi duties in any custom-house of the United
fetates. shall be surrendered to such artist without
payment of duties or charge, upon his affidavit filed
in the Department of the Secretary of the Treasury
that the same aro the production and property of
such mist,
