1264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
if the Senate have amended this bill by inserting
the amounts originally reported from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to this House?
Mr. DAWES. They have done that, and also
have amended the second section, but not so
as to change its purpose. The real difference
between the House and the Senate is whether
the amount appropriated shall be fifteen hun-
dred thousand or three million dollars.
The motion of Mr. Dawes was then agreed
to, to non-concur in the amendments of the
Senate and ask a committee of conference.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. BECK. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table the
amendments of the Senate to House bill No.
782, making appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1871, for the purpose of moving
a non-concurrence and asking a committee of
conference.
The amendments of the Senate were read.
They were as follows:
Strike out the words "andfor other miscellaneous
items, as per estimate $2,290, amounting in all to
$7,690," and insert in lieu thereof the following :
Brooms, brushes, tubs, pails, and wages of police,
t1,500; chalk, sponge, and slates for recitation-rooms,
fteen dollars; musical instruments.repairsfor band,
and organist in chapel, $300; compensation to libra-
rian, $120; compensation to assistant librarian,S>IA);
compensation of non-commissioned officers in charge
of mechanics, fifty dollars; and compensation of
soldiers wiiting in adjutant's office, fifty dollars; in
Also, strike out the last clause of the bill as follows :
And hereafter, in addition to the other members
of the Board of Visitors to be appointed bythePres-
ident. accordingto existing law, to attend the annual
examination of cadets at the United States Military
Academy, there shall be on every such board two
Senators, to be designated by the Vice President or
President pro tempore of the Senate, and threemem-
bersof the House of Representatives,to be designated
by theSpeaker of the House of Representatives, such
designations respectively to be made at the session
of Congress next preceding the time of such examin-
ation ; and the Senators and members so appointed
shall make full report of their action assuch v isitors,
with their views and recommendations in regard to
the said Military Academy, within twenty days after
the meeting of Congress, at the session next succeed-
ing the time of their appointment.
No objection was made; and the amendments
of the Senate were taken from the Speaker's
table.
Mr. BECK. I move that the House non-
concur in the amendments of the Senate, and
ask fora committee of conference. I will state
that it is upon the last amendment that we
desire the committee of conference ; we would
agree to the other.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the House will
non-concur, and keep in that provision of the
House bill.
Mr. ALLISON. The committee of confer-
ence is asked upon both the amendments of
the Senate, I suppose.
Mr. BECK. Yes; my motion is to non-
concur in both the amendments of the Senate.
The motion of Mr. Beck was agreed to;
and it was ordered accordingly.
TheSBEJ^KER subsequently appointed Mr.
Beck, Mr. Schenck, and Mr. Ingersoll as
the conferees on the part of the House.
FORM OP ENACTING CLAUSES, ETC.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1242) to prescribe the
form of the enacting and resolving clauses of
all acts and resolutions of Congress ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
United States, and ordered to be printed,
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. MORGAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted an amendment, by way of a substitute
for Senate bill No. 378, to provide a national
currency of coin notes, and to equalize distri-
bution of circulating notes; which was ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Banking and Currency.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to reconsider the
various votes of reference this morning; and
I also move that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
belligerency of cuba.
Mr. LOGAN. I now call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House re-
ferred a preamble and resolution on the subject
of Cuba to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The preamble and resolution were as follows:
Whereas the people of Cuba have for more than
fifteen months carried on active hostilities against
Spain for the purpose of gaining their independ-
ence and establishing arepublican government; and
whereas they have established and still maintain a
de facto government, and now occupy with their
armies and control a large portion of said island:
Therefore, _ . , _ .
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be instructed to inquire what reasons now exist, if
any, why the republic of Cuba should not be recog-
nized by the Government as a belligerent, and as
such entitled to the rights of belligerents.
The question was upon the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, although feel-
ing the deepest interest in the Cuban question,
yet I have hesitated in regard to addressing
this House on the subject. Not that I have
any doubt in my own mind as to the correct-
ness of the position I take or the justness of
the cause I espouse, for as long as I can raise
my voice in behalf of any cause I shall advo-
cate what I conceive to be the progress of
liberty and enlargement of human rights. I
feel no hesitancy in this respect. The reason
lies in a very different direction. The question
as to whether this Government shall or shall
not accord to the Cuban patriots belligerent
rights is one of grave importance. On the one
hand it involves the great principles of freedom
and right of self-government; on the other,
important national principles and nice distinc-
tions of international law. Therefore I hesi-
tated, on account of the somewhat meager
details and conflicting reports we have received
in regard to the contest which has been going
on in the island of Cuba; but this reason I
think now no longer exists, as I expect to
show in the coarse of my remarks. Another
reason why I hesitated was that this action
places me in apparent opposition on a very
grave question with that Administration I
heartily support and with which I am in full
sympathy.
But, sir, I do not feel that I can discharge
my duty and remain silent. If I should err, I
have the satisfaction of knowingthatitisbetter
to err in behalf of liberty than against it; and
if there is any doubt in the minds of membens
«n this subject, surely the benefit of that doubt
should be cast in favor of freedom and the
right of self-government. Let our various views
as to policy be what they may, I think I can
safely assert that all feel the deep current of
opinion pressing upon us. Though smothered
to comparative silence we feel it like the hot
breath of the slumbering volcano which pre-
cedes the rending upheaval; we know it is
there. Though the tongue of the nation is
comparatively mnte on this subject, yet the
mighty heart palpitates with sympathy for the
struggling patriots of the Queen of the Antilles,
and we feel the beating strokes. Even the voices
of those who tell as to wait bear in their tones
an indication that behind the words lie deep
fountains of sympathy anxious to gush fortn
in words of cheer.
Sir, a greater mark of respect was never
shown an Administration than this; and while
I regret that this particular1 combination of cir-
cumstances surrounds this particular case, yet
I am proud of it as an evidence of the high
regard for our present Chief Magistrate. And
while I feel impelled by a s«tise of duty to differ
with him as to the line of policy the Govern-
ment should adopt in this matter, I do it with
no desire to cast a shade of censttre upon his
action in the premises. I believe that in his
own breast there lurks the deepest sympathy
for this struggling people, and that he has in
reality curbed his desires in order to carry oat
what he believed to be the better policy. Being
compelled to act on the imperfect data ho then
possessed he has cast the doubt in the legal
end of the balance.
But, sir, the matter has now been transferred
to Congress, as the coordinate branch of the
Government, for its action thereon, and we
must decide for or against. It is one of those
peculiar questions which we cannot avoid de-
ciding, for by the message it is before Con-
gress, and passing it by in silence would be as
decisive a nay as if formally pronounced by a
recorded vote. If such is the state of the case—
and that it is cannot be denied—then, why not
decide at once? If we intend to give to'Ces-
pedes and his heroic followers the moral sup-
port ofa recognition as belligerents, and thereby
modify the virulence and cruelties of a Spanish
intestine war, why should we delay ? If we
intend to say to the world, that which we feel,
that our sympathies are with those who are
struggling for the right of self-government and
freedom from petty despots, appointees of a
distant Government, why not do so at once?
But if, on the other hand, we intend to use
our influence—for we must use it one way or
the other—to extinguish the spark of liberty,
kindled in Cuban breasts by our proximity and
example,why not say so at once? If the effect
of our action is to turn the scale in the contest
against them, then the sooner we make known
our decision and stop the effusion of blood the
better.
For one I am ready and willing—nay, more,
I am anxious—now to answer to the call of my
I name on this question ; and I wish the answer
! to be heard distinctly throughout this Hall,
: that my vote is recorded in behalf of the free-
1 dom of Cuba from Spanish despotism.
But, without further introduction, I turn at
once to the discussion of the subject.
Although I believe there are higher prin-
ciples that arise in this question than the
legal distinctions of the jus gentium and na-
tional sovereignty—for'these belong to mon-
archies as well as republics—yet I shall strive
to limit myself in this discussion to these
bounds. And while I shall not endeavor to
make a show of oratory, I will strive to bring
forward in simple language my reasons for
advocating the immediate accordance of bel-
ligerent rights to the Cuban revolutionists,
taking as my basis admitted facts and princi-
ples. Let us, therefore, strip this question of
the gloss that surrounds it, and cast off the
technicalities with which it has been over-
loaded, and look at it in a plain common-
sense manner. What is it? Simply, sir, the
declaration of our Government, as an inde-
pendent sovereignty, that there is or there is
not a war in progress in the island of Cuba.
For if we appeal to the authorities on inter-
national law in regard to the question of bel-
ligerency we shall find that it is there made
to depend upon the determination of another
point, that is, whether there is or is not a state
of war existing between the parties. And it
is right here the chief objection is raised to the
action of our Government at present in regard
to the Cuban contest. I propose to take up
the gauntlet which has been cast down here,
and for the present do battle on the position
selected. And as an agreed basis from which
to start I willing to take the terse and con-
cise language Of Dana, in his note on Whea-
ton, as a correct exposition of the law, that
"If the contest is a war, all foreign citizens and
officers, whether executive or judicial, are to follow
One line of conduct. If it is not a war, they are to
follow a totally different line. If it is a war, tne
commissioned cruisers of both sides may stop, searcn,
and capture the foreign merchant vessel; and tnai
vessel must make no resistance and must submit. w
adjudication by a prize court. If it is not a war, tn
cruisers of neither party can stop or search tne ior-
eign merchant vessel; and that vessel may resist
attempts in that direction, and the ships of war
the foreign State may attack and capture the cru
persisting in the attempt. If it is a war, lor 8^
nations must await the adjudication of prize tr
nals. If it is not a war, no such tribunal can
opened. If it is a war, the parent "Jf? ..
tute a blockade jure gentium, of the insurgent p
