3152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
May 2,
Chins; wbicb was read a first aridsecond time,
referred to the Committee On Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
washington transatlantic telegraph.
. Mr. WILKINSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1945) to incorporate the Washington
Transatlantic Telegraph Coippany, ana to
facilitate telegraphic communication between
A merica and Europe; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
railroad land grants to kansas.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1946) to amend an act entitled "An
act for grant of lands to the Stats of Kansas,
in alternate sections, to aid in the construction
of certain railroads and telegraphs in said
State;" which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
samuel barnbtt.
Mr. McGREW introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1947) for the relief of Samuel Barnett; which
was read a firsfand second time, and, with the
accompanying papers, referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
vania [Mr. Dickey] calls the previous ques-
tion. , „ ...
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the House will
not second the demand for the previous ques-
tion. „ ,
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes 53, noes 49; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Benjajiin' and
Mr. Dickey were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 72, noes 51.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; and under
the operation thereof the bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. BENJAMIN called for theyeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question Was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 65, not voting
77; as follows:
TEAS—'Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Arnel], Ayer,
Banks, Bingham, Bodker, Bo wen, George M. Brooks,
Buckley, Burchard, Burdfjtt, Roderick K. Butter,
Cake, Calkin. Cessna, Churc&ill. William T. Clark.
Sidney Clarke. Clinton L. Cobb. Cook, Covode, Cul-
lorn, Dickey, Ela, Farnsworth. Ferriss, Finkelnburg,
: Fisher,i'itoh.Giu-field. Hale,Hamilton,Harris,Haw-
Icy. Hay, Hays. Heflin, Hoar, Hoop«r, Ingersoll,
' Jewckes, Alexander if. Jones, Judd.kelley.Kelsey,
Ketcham, Knapp, La.ftin, Lash, Lynch. Maynard,
McCarthy, McKee, Milnes, Daniel J.MorreU, Mor-
! rissey,Myers, O'Neill, Perce. Peters. Porter, Potter,
judicial districts or virginia.
, Mr. WITCHER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1948) to amend an act entitled "An act to .
anneesTeJndd?s"ri|s of vtS^nd'toX j
the names of said districts, and for other pur* - a
poses," passed June 11, 1864; which Was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered t& be
•printed.
w. b. Wilson.
rrosser, xvmiuu.ii, xwwlo,
-Scofield, Shaoks,' Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith,
William J. Smith, Worthington 0. Smith,. William
Mr, FITCH introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 281) for the relief of W. B. Wilson,
for carrying the United.States mail in the State
of Nevada; which was read a first and second
; time, and rfeferred to the Committee oh the
Post Office atid Post Roads.
postal telegraph.
Mr. TAFPE presented the joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Nebraska in
relation to a postal telegraph; which were or-
dered to be printed, jand referred to the select
Committee on Postal Telegraph Lines. ,
post rbote in dakota.
; Mr., SPINK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1949) to establish a postroute in the Territory
. of Dakota;, which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. ,
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The call of 8tates and
.Territories for. the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions having been concluded, the
. next business during the morning hour is the
call of States and Territories, for the introduc-
tion of resolutions, bills, Ac.;, for consideration
at this time, beginning with the State of Penn-
sylvania, where the call rested at the expira-
tion of the morning hour on Monday last..
tension for mrs. mary lincoln.
Mr. DICKEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1950) granting a pension to Mary Lincoln ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of Mary Lineoln,
: widow of Abraham Lincoln, deceased, late
President of the United States, on the pension-
roll, and allow and pay her a pension at the
* rate of $3,000 per annum from and after the
passage of the act.
The question being on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. DICKEY called the previous question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, is this bill
' introduced for passage at the present time?
The SPEAKER. It is presented for con-
siderationj and the gentleman from Penhsyl-
Wiiiiaia «J. omitu,  iunuiui,iva
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevenson, Strader. Tanner.
Tillman, Upson,- Wheeler, Wilkinson. Winans, and
,, .Witeher—86.
, NAYS—Messrs. Ambler. Areher, AspeiyAxtell,
Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Biggs, Bird, Blatr,
Bufflnton, Atnasa Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cowlee,
Cox, Dtgejier, Dickinson. Duval, Eldridge, Berry,
Getz,Gibson,Hamble'ton, HolmaBl Thomas L. Jones,
Knott, Lawrence, Loughridge, McCormick, McGrew.
McKenzie, McNeely, Mercur, Morgan, Niblacls,
Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Peck, Pomeroy.
Reeves, Bice, Rogers. Sbober, Stiles, Stone, Stough-
ton, Strickland,, Strong- Swann. Sweeney, Xsffe.
Trimble. Tyne'r. Vaji A,uken, Van Trump. Van
Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Wa-shborn, Wells,
Whitmere. Williams, Eugene M. WilSon^and John
T, Wilson—66.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Atwood,
Bailey, Barnum, Barry, Beatty, Beck,.Bennett,
Boles, Boyd, James Brooks, Butek, Burr, Benjamin
E. Butler, Cleveland, Conner, Crebs, Dayis, Dawes,
Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Dox, Dyer, F(fc, (rilfillan,
Griswold, Haig&t, Ilaldeman, Hamill, Hawkins,
Heaton, Hill, Hoge, Hotchkiss, Johnson. Julian,
'Kellogg, Kerr. Logan, Marshall, May ham', MeCrary,
Eliakim H. Moore. JesseH.Moore, Wiltiam Moore,
Mor oh is, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen; Negley,
Palmer, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Ridgway, Sargent.
Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon. Sherrod, Slocum,
Joseph S. Smith, Stevens, Stokes. Taylor,.Town-
send, Twicbell, Van Horn, Voojhees, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Willard, Winchester, Wood,
and W oodward—75.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. DICKEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF J. H. 8YPHBR.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I submit
the following resolution, on which I demand
the previous question s
Resolved, That the Clerk ofthe House of Represent-
atives is hereby directed to pay to - J. H. cypher, out
of the contingent fund of the House, the compensa-
tion of a Representative in Congress for one year, in
full of expenses in contesting a seat in Congress trom
the first district of Louisiana.
Mr. RANDALL. I move the reference of
this resolution to the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order pending the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. RANDALL. I give notice-that I shall
make that motion if the previous question be
not sustained.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes 48, noes 64; no
qnoratn voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Morbeli,,
of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Randall were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 65, noes 67.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. RANDALL. I move the reference of
the resolution to the Committee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution Was referred ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay of frank morey.
Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey, submitted the
following resolution, on which he demanded
the previous question;
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives is hereby directed to pay to Frank Morey
the sum of $4,000, in lull of expenses incurred in
contesting a seat in Congress from the fifth distriot
of Louisiana.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
nineteen, noes not counted.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. RANDALL moved that the resolution
be referred to the Committee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
john gallagher.
Mr. BIRD submitted the following preamble
and resolution, on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Whereas John Gallagher, a native of Hunterdon
county, in the State of New Jersey, volunteered in
the Army of the Union in the year 1863, at the age
of sixteen years, but was discharged upon the peti-
tion pf his mother, both on account of his extreme
youth and her great need Of his assistance tor the
support of herself and her two young ahildren; and
whereas afterward, in the year of 1866, when about
the age of nineteen years, without consideration, ho
was persuaded to engage with the Fenians in their
expedition upon the Canadian frentier.where, with
others, he was captured and sentenced to twenty
year'simprisonmentatKingston, fouryears ofwhicu
period he has suffered, and whiofa has so greatly
affected his health that it has recently been found
necessary to remove him to a hospital, his mother in
the mean time dying of grief and Ills younger sisters
brought to great distress by being deprived oi his
aid: Therefore, , , . .,
Hemivtd, That in view of his youth and the length
of time he has already been imprisoned, and the efiect
thereof upon hisbetUtb, the President of the United
States is hereby requested, if not incompatible with
the public interest, to intercede with the proper
authorities of Clinadft or Great Britain m such a
manner as he may deem expedient to secure the par-
don and discharge of the said John Gallagher from
custody.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the preamble and rfesolution were
adopted.
Mr. BIRD moved to reeonsider the vote
by which the preamble and resolution were
| adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adjournment sink die.
Mr. STILES. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
IUaolvtd, (the Senate concurring,) That tbo Presi-
dent of the Senate and the Speaker of the House ot
Representatives declare their respective Houses
.adjourned sine die on Monday, the 4th of July next,
at meridian.
The SPEAKER. That is a privileged ques-
tion, and can be offered at any time without
interrupting the call of the States.
alabama claims.
Mr. CALKIN submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution, on which he demanded
the previous question:
Whereasit is thesentiment ofthe American people
that immediate reparation should be made p/ too
Government of Great Britain, for the destruction ot
vessels belonging to citizens of our Repubno by tne
piratical steamer Alabama and othersteamers ot hko
character: Therefore, . , .
Renolvtd, That the President be reauested, to press
the Alabama claims to an immediate settlement,
that our citizens may be promptly remunerated tor
their losses and our nation's honor maintained.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
35, no«S 80.
