187a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE).
3153
Mr. CALKIN demanded telleri.
Tellprs were ordered; and Mr. Calkin and
Mr. Basks were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 40, noes SO.
So the previous question was not seconded.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, the preamble and
resolution were referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
The morning honr theu expired.
leave of absence.
By nnanimors consent, leave of absence was
granteil to Mr. Palm eh for three weeks; to Mr.
Axtei.t., on account of sickness in his family,
until Tuesday next; to Mr. Joiixsox for three
days from to-day ; to Mr. Swans for three days
from to-morrow: and to Mr. Boles, on account
of sickness in his family, for twenty days.
public holiday.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 282) to
establish the 30th day of May in each year
a public holiday ; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution provides that the 30th
day of May, being the day appointed and accus-
tomed to be used for the decoration of the
graves of soldiers who died in war in defense
of the Union against rebellion, be declared a
public holiday, to be forever observed as such
by the people of the United States.
ilr. SCHENCK. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; aad nnder the opera-
tion thereof the joiut resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLOSING DEBATE.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Knotted, That w>rn the House shall be again in
Committee of the Whole on the stare of the Union
on the special order, the bill (H. R. Jio. 10G8> to
imend existing laws relative to the duties on im-
port?, and for other purposes, the committee shall
have power to stop debate on any portion of the bill
by a rote ef the majority present without an order
of the Ilouse.
I hope this resolution will commend itself
to the judgment of the House.
Mr. HOLM AN. I rise to a question of
order. To adopt this resolution is not a sus-
pension of the rules required ?
The SPEAKER. It would uecessarily re-
quire that.
The question was pot; and there were, on a
division—ayes 113, noes 13.
So (more than two thirds having voted in the
affirmative) the resolution was agreed to.
BOUNTY UNDER CALL Ot MAY 3, 1861.
_ Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
. Mr- NJBLACK. I ask the gentleman to
yield to tne for a moment to submit a resolu-
tion which I think will create no discussion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. NIBLACK. I submit the following
preamble and resolation, on which I desire
present action :
'k® Pr(1 ide>nt, by his proclamation, dated
® y .lbl)l,called for forty-two thousand and thirty-
nmi .I ,'eer troops for the defense of the Union
sinH en orcpmpntof the laws of the United States:
t™) , eas a""tit one hundred and twenty thousand
: "'''?wcre accepted by the President and mustered
,t: a aemc®u''der said proclamation; and where as
iw Rreme ^ourt of the United States have decided
t;<m 1 '>ersons "ho enlisted under said proclatna-
"®r«h?n°rably discharged fromservice are
im.H ' bounty without reference to the time
i.any F.Dcb Persons; and whereas the Second
n2'° I l^c Treasury has decided that not
Bon?, 11,8 ^"y-two thousand and thirty-four per-
ascf,n^,eDV ueii ,t0 bounty under said proclamation
the Supreme Court: Therefore.
'ittolved, fbat the Committee on Military Affairs
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 198.
be instructed t* report a bill providing for the pay-
ment of the bounty promised by said proclamation
to all persons who were mustered into the military
service of the United States under it and have not
already received said bounty.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a question ?
Mr. NIBLACK. Certainly.
Mr. COBB, of Wisoonsin. Does the gen'.ls-
man not know that this House upward of six
weeks ago passed a bill containing almost pre-
cisely the provision contemplated by this res-
olution, and that that bill is now pending in
the Senate ?
Mr. NIBLACK. I was not aware of that
fact. My attention was only called to this
matter a few days ago, and thinking it a matter
of some urgency I prepared this resolution.
It will do no harm to pass it.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Does this in-
clude more than the seventy-five thousand?
Mr. NIBLACK. It includes all who were
mustered in under the proclamation.
The SPEAKER. The resolation can only
come in under a suspension of the rales.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I move that the
resolation be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. NIBLACK. To save the time of the
House, I am willing to accept the proposition
that the resolution shall go to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
| It was so ordered; and the resolution was
. accordingly referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand the regular
order.
HOUR Of meeting.
Mr. SCHENCK. I had risen to a privi-
leged question. I now move that, on Tuesday,
Wednesday, and Thursday of this week the
hour of meeting be fixed at eleven o'clock a. m.
Mr. VAN WyCK. Do you propose to have
an evening session besides?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to move an
amendment to the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio toinsert"ten "instead of"eleven."
I wish also to inquire of the gentleman whether
if the House agrees to meet at eleven o'clock
he intends also to ask far evening sessions ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do. I intend to see how
much we can do in these three days.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think it would better
advance the business of the House -that we
should meet at ten and sit till five, and have
no evening session.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am willing that there
shall be a vote on the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, to substitute " tea'' for
" eleven."
The question was put on Mr. Tngersoll's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. Schenck's motion was agreed to.
leaves of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. ShkRrod for fourteen days,
on account of sickness in his family.
Mr. STILES. I desire to take the opinion
Of the House -on my motion as to the final
adjournment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I eannot yield for that.
Mr. CULLOM. I demand the regtjlv order.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before submitting the mo-
tion to go into Committee of the Whole on the
special order 1 move that the committee at
half past four o'cloek p. m. take a recess till
half past seven o'clock p. m.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve! itself into
Committee of the Whole upon the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the ehair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
was last in session it had under consideration
the following paragraph of the bill:
On all insulated telegraphic or eloetric wires
or oables for submarine purposes, 40 per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to
amend the paragraph by striking out the words
"wires or" and insert in lieu thereof " wire."
Those that are used for submarine purposes
are all cables.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to insert after the
word "purposes" the words "and all tele-
graph wires," so as to place all telegraph wires
on the same footing. I suppose there will be
no objection to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On hair-pins mada of iron wire, 50 por cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
strike out "50" and insert "35," so as to
make the duty 35 per ceut. ad valorem. That
is enough for hair-pins.
. Mr. SCHENCK. I will state very briefly
the reasons which have led to the proposition
to fix the tariff upon hair-pins at 50 per cent.
: ad valorem. It seetns that there is a very large
amount invested in the manufacture of this
, article in this country, and it is a much more
important business than I had supposed until
j the information was presented to the committee.
The claim for the propriety of advancing the
tariff rests upon the fact that these hair-pins are
made of the next to the finest class of wire,
and as the tariff now stands there is a less duty
on hair-pins when manufactured than there is
upon the wire out of which they are made, and
it is to amend that anomalous condition of
things that this proposition i.suiade by the
committee.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Brooks, ef New York ; and it was dis-
agreed to—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will offer
another amendment, for the purpose of calling
the attention of the committee to this subject.
It is evident that nobody ia interested in this
tariff when we cannot keep a quorum to vote
on it. I move to make the duty 86 per cent.
ad valorem, instead of 35 per cent., the existing
duty. Theeh&irman of the Committee of Ways
and Means says that this rise of 15 per eent. is
made because of the high duty existing on wire.
Thus one disease begets another; thus one
wrong creates the necessity of doing another :
thus one bounty imposes upon us the duty of
creating an additional bounty; thus one bad
movement at the start of a thing makes it
necessary to follow it by a series of bad move-
ments throughout. Now, 50 per cent, ad va-
lorem is an enormous bounty on hair-pins. I
wish some respect at least to be paid to the gar-
ments and gear 8T the women of the country in
this bill. We have already imposed an addi-
tional duty on corsets and allthe appurtenances
thereto belonging, and it is now proposed to
add 15 per cent, ad valorem on the hair pins
which ladies use. I hope the duty will be put
at 38 per cent.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose I must explain
again what operated upon the minds of the
committee. It was simply this: hair-pins do
not seem to have entered into the minds of
those who framed the existing tariff law. They
fall, therefore, among the unenumerated arti-
cles, and are charged 35 per cent, ad valorem,
\ or about 1J cents per pound. They come in
i under one of two classes. There is some dis-
Eute as to which, and I believe the decisions
ave varied. Either is less than 50 per cent,
j ad valorem, as now proposed. Now, these
! hair-pins are made of the next to the finest
