1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5041
Mr. WILSON. I -will ask the Senator from
Missouri why he does not make his amendment
prospective ?
Mr. SCHURZ. The bill itself provides for
them hereafter.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words "and
property;" so that anybody abroad may buy
the productions of American artists and bring
them into this country free.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The bill provides for that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think this matter is
already covered by the clause in the bill; but
if there is any doubt about it, by striking out
the proviso in the bill it will meet the very
point stated by the Senator from Missouri. I
will read the clause. It is in the free list:
Paintings, statuary, fountains, and other works of
art, til© production of American artists.
This is in connection with the last section
of the bill which allows any of these paintings,
statuary, fountains, and other works of art,
after this act takes effect, to have the benefit
of the free list. Then, if the Senator will strike
out the proviso 
Mr. SCHURZ. What proviso?
Mr. SHERMAN. The proviso beginning
in line one hundred and tnirty-nine, reading
as follows:
Provided, That tho fact of such production be
verified by the certificate of any consul or minister
of the United States, indorsed upon the written dec-
laration of the artist.
As a matter of course that proviso could not
be complied with now by artist3 who have
already imported into this country, and whose
works of art are lying in the bonded ware-
houses.
Mr. SCHURZ. I will say to the Senator
from Ohio that that is exactly the case I want
to meet.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not, then, strike out
this proviso ?
Mr. SCHURZ. I am perfectly satisfied with
that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not think that would
answer. How is the fact that it is the produc-
tion of an American artist to be verified?
Mr. SHERMAN. By proof.
Mr. WILLIAMS. But this requires what
the proof shall be.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know, but it requires
a particular form of proof; that is, the certifi-
cate of the consul or minister of the United
States. However, this is not material.
Mr. SCHURZ. I cannot see any objection
particularly to the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thepending ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SCHURZ. I will state to the Senator
from Oregon whatkind of cases I want to cover.
I know of one case at least, of an artist who
painted a picture in this country, took it to
Europe and placed it on exhibition there, and
then imported it back to this country without
first procuring the certificate of a consul or
minister as to his having made that picture and
being the proprietor of it, and the picture is
now in the custom-house ; and as the old law
provided that an artist might import free of
duty a picture which he had made abroad, but
not a picture which he had made here in the
United States and taken abroad, the picture is
held in the United States custom-house.
Mr. SHERMAN. The tariff law has always
been that anything of American production j
exported abroad and returned back in the
same condition is admitted duty free. There
must be some misapprehension about that case.
Mr. SCHURZ. I beg the Senator's pardon.
I mvself applied at the Treasury Departiwent
to have that picture admitted duty free, and
it was stated to me that the law covered all
pictures that were made abroad by American
artists; but not pictures that were made in this
country by an American and then taken abroad
for the purpose of exhibiting them, to be
brought back to the United States.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 316.
Mr. SHERMAN. The difficulty in that case
must be owing to some defect of proof. I think
the Senator will find, on a close examination
of that case, that the artist has not furnished
the requisite proof of the facts. Probably the
law requires a consular certificate. That is
the general law.
Mr. SCHURZ. The case I have in view is
a case of notoriety, especially in the family of
the Senator from Ohio, for the artist I refer to
is the same who made one of the best pictures
of General Sherman that I ever saw. I really
do not see that there can be any objection to
the amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. The object of my motion,
as I stated a minute ago, is to give our own
native artists all the benefit from the culture,
which they can receive abroad much better
than here, and I desire to give facilities for
extending the works of American artists by
Americanswho areabroad, and therefore I offer
the amendment. The artists have the right to
bring them back hero by the present laws, I
believe. But if you give the right to every one
who may purchase the works of American
artists to bring them in free I think you will
confer a great benefit upon our own artists. I
can see no objection to it at all. My proposi-
tion is plain and distinct, and I hope it will be
adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. By the exist-
ing law paintings and statuary, the production
of American artists abroad, can be imported
into tho United States free, and all that, is
necessary is to have a certificate from the artist
or a consul. It seems to me the present lav/ is
broad enough; but this new law provides that
fountains and other works of art, the produc-
tion of American artists, shall be admitted free.
If this should be included, I think tho only
amendment we ought to adopt here would be
to alter the last part of the clause in the bili
so as to require the fact to be verified by the
certificate of any consul, or minister, or the
artist.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I see no objection to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Missouri. It simply applies to pictures now in
the custom-house that have been brought over
and remain there upon which duty is claimed.
The lav/ itself here provides for all future cases,
and it is altogether within the spirit of the
law, and if there be any cases as described in
that amendment where American artists have
brought their pictures or statuary back to the
United States and they are detained in the
custom-house and charged with duty it seems
to me they ought to be delivered to the artist
who has made them and whose property they
are without any duty. 1 think the amendment
ought to be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ. I have been requested by
tho Senator from Illinois, who is absent, [Mr.
Trumbull,] to offer the amendment of which
he has already given notice as additional sec-
tions to the bill:
Sire.—. And beitfurther enacted, That from and after
thelst day of October, 1870, any goods, wares, or mer-
chandise, except wine, distilled spirits, esplosive and
perishable articles arriving from foreign eountries
at, a port of the United States, which are shown by
the manifest of the importing vessel to be destined
for any city containing more than one hundred and
fifty thousand inhabitants in a collection district
more interior than tho port of original importation,
or destined for a place in either Europe, Australia,
or Asia, via the United States, may be immediately
conveyed to their destination in the manner pre-
scribed by this act.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That any railroad,
steamship, or transportation company or companies,
duly bonded in the manner now prescribed by law
for tho transportation of foreign merchandise in
bond bo, and are hereby, authorized to demand and
receive from the collector of the port of arrival, and
to deliver to tho qollcetor of the port of final desti-
nation in the United States, any merchandise im-
ported m the manner described in the foregoiDg sec-
tion : Provided, That the said railroad, steamship,
or transportation company shall have previously
presented to the collector of the port where such
goods, wares, or merchandise are first landed in the
United States an invoico of the same, duly verified
by the consul of tho United States residing at or
nearest the place of shipment, which invoice shall
bo a quadruplicate copy of the invoice required by
tho first section of an act entitled "An act to prevent,
and punish frauds upon the revenue, &c.," approved
March 31,1863, and shall also have previously exe-
cuted and given to the collector oftheporfcof arrival
a good, sufficient, and satisfactory bond, in double
the valuo of said invoice, for the due delivery of tho
said goods, wares, and merchandise unopened, un-
changed, and intact, to tho collector of the port of
their final destination in the United States; or the
Secretary of the Treasury may, in his discretion,
accept fiom such railroad, steamboat, or transport-
ation company a general bond for such time, not
exceeding three months, in such amount, with such
conditions and such security as he shall deem advis-
able, with authority at anytime to require additional
security: Provided further. That merchandise in
transit from Asia and Australia so transported and
destined for Europe shall bo delivered by such com-
pany into the custody of tho collector of a port on
tho Atlantic sea-board of the United States, and may
thereupon be exported by said company from such
custody to Europe m the manner now prescribed by
law; and merchandise intended for Asia or Aus-
tralia shall be in like manner delivered to and ex-
ported from the custody of the collector of a port on
the Pacific sea-board of tho United States.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That upon tho
reccipt of tho goods, wares, and merchandise, and
of tho invoice and bond named o.nd described in tho
foregoing sections of this act, the collector of tho
port of original importation shall ascertain ail the
marks and numbers, and also the exact weight and
precise dimensions of each and every case or pack-
ago of said merchandise, and shall transmit a detailed
statement thereof to the collector ot the port in tho
United States for which the said merchandise is
finally destined, and shall thereupon deliver tho
same to tho company which is authorized to receive
the same.
Sue.—. And be it further enacted, That upon tho
arrival of the aforesaid goods at the portof final des-
tination, the importeror consignee oi the said goods
shall be, and hereby is, authorized to make entry of
tho same m the manner now prescribed by law, and
to have every legal rightorpnvilegcwhichhewould
or might have enjoyed in the port whero the goods
were first landed in the Unitod State?.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, Thatthecollector
of the port of final destination in tho United States,
upon delivery to him of such package or packages by
the said transportation company or companies, shall
rcmeasure and weigh the same, and if satisfied of its
or their identity, shall issue a certificate of receipt
for the same; and upon the production of said receipt
to the collcctor of the portof original importation
the aforesaid bonds shall be canceled.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and in-
structed to make and issue such rules and regulations
as may bo necessary to give lorco and effect to the
provisions of this act.
Sec. — . And betl farther enacted. That all acts and
parts of acts repugnant to the provisions of this act
be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think that a bill has
been sent to the Senate from the House of
Representatives within a day or two embody-
ing the provisions of this amendment; and
perhaps, as a bill has passed the House for
the same purpose, it would be as well to ascer-
tain what that bill is; and it maybe that it can
be substituted.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the same in substance.
Mr, SCHURZ. I have that bill here ; and
if the Senator would prefer the House bill to
this I can offer it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The House bill has not
the guards that this measure now offered has.
This is the bill submitted by the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull] It has been care-
fully prepared at the Treasury Department,
and I think ought to pass. It is much more
restrictive in its character than the House bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have doubts about the
propriety of any such legislation myself.
Mr. COLE. I think this measure is in ex-
cellent order now, and in proper shape. I know
the people of the country desire it passed, and
I think we had better dispose of it very soon
on this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator thinks we
can dispose of it very soon on this bill?
Mr. COLE. I think we can. $
Mr. MORTON. I am satisfiedthatthis meas-
ure ought to be amended before it is passed, if it
is to pass at all, allowing goods to be transported
