1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1265
au'a in.iv bo treated ;is such. It it is a war. the rules
-ni risks respecting contraband, or dispatches, or
i'Viitsry persons come into play. If it is not a war,
ufv do not."
This is plain and clear, and its construction
cannot well give rise to controversy. But what
i< determined by it? Simply that the actions
of the courts depend upon the determination
of another point, that is, whether or not a state
of war exists. If there is a war, if this point
lias been determined, then the line of conduct
is elear'.v laid down, and the courts can take
co.'ai-anco of the state of all'airs and act with-
out further aid from Congress or the procla-
mation of the Executive. But if this point has
not been determined the courts and judiciaries
have their line of conduct as clearly marked
out as in the other case. The presumption
!\u:s; be that there is 110 war. Thus far the
opponents to recognition of belligerency in the
case of Cuba will doubtless agree with me.
Cut right here, Mr. Speaker, I find the way
lietiged up to further progress by an '• if.'' It
closes the gates to the judicial forum. What
power is to clear away this condition ? What
authority is to decide this '' if?"
It is just here, sir, that the question passes
from the bench to the hall, from the judicial to
the political department of the Government.
If the determination of this question were left
to the judiciaries, it would be giving into the
hands of the judges one of the chief jewels of 1
oar political and national sovereignty. Con-
gress and the Executive would be left to the
mercy of the courts, and compelled to await
their decisions when the vital energies of the
nation are at stake. No, sir ; the decision of
this question belongs to the political branch
of our Government. And to show that i am
correct in my position I will quote another pas-
sage from the same authority already referred
to, found in the same note :
"Now. all private citizens of a foreign State, and
all its executive officers and judicial magistrates,
look to the political department of their Govern-
ment to prescribe the rule of their conduct in all
their possible relations with the parties to the con-
test. This rule is prescribed in the best and most ;
intelligible manner for all possible contingencies by
the simple declaration that the contestis or is not to
Retreated as a war. If the state of things requires
the decision, it must be made by the political depart-
ment of the Government."
The proposition,then,is as clear as the noon-
day sun, that the political department of the
Government shall declare whether or not the
contest is to be treated as a war. So far it must
be conceded that we are on firm ground about ,
which there need be no controversy. And I do
not bring up this point as opposed to the views
of any one, but simply as a link in the chain of ;
my argument.
This being determined, let us turn next to the
President's message and see the position taken ;
there as to the power of this Government in re- j
gard to this matter, and as to its right of action j
in the premises. In that portion referring to ;
the Cuban affairs he says: I
"The principle is maintained, however, that this
nation is its own judge when to accord the rights of
belligerency, either to a. people struggling to free
thennelres from a government they believe to be
oppressive, or to independent nations at war with
each other."
With this view I heartily concur, as it is the
only position we can assume that is compat-
ible with our claim of independent sovereignty.
It is a right we cannot concede or delegate,
and maintain our true position of national
independence. Now let us connect this prin-
ciple with that we have already laid down and
which we assume is admitted, and see what
the result will be. The President says " This
nation is its own judge when to accord belliger-
ent rights." But to accord belligerent rights,
&8we have seen, is simply to declare that a
state of war exists. The logical conclusion,
therefore, is that this nation is its own judge
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 80.
when to declare that a state of war exists.
And as the political department is that power
in the Government which alone is authorized
to make such a declaration, it fuliows that
this political department is its own judge when
to declare a state of war exists.
But I am met with the reply that whether
there is or is not a war in progress is a matter
of fact, to be determined by evidence. This,
sir, would imply a Gxed definition of the term
''war'' applicable to all cases, and a prescribed
boundary by which the nation is limited, thus
coming in direct conflict with the principle laid
down by the President. It would require the
political department of the nation to sit, as a
judicial body, hear testimony, and decide in
each case, not by its own inherent sovereign
power but by the weight of testimony.
This position would be virtually saying that
the political department of the nation has the
power to define what a state of war is in each
case, yet at the same time asserting that that
definition is fixed and determined by certain
facts.
But I may be asked whether there is not a
limit to this power. Sir, we claim for Con-
gress a power equal to that conceded by our
worthy Secretary of State to the British Parlia-
ment when in his letter to Mr. Motley he calls
it "omnipotent.'' We grant to no Power the
right to sit in judgment upon the actions of our
Government in regard to her international
policy. And the Secretary himself affirms the
same thing when he says:
"The President does not deny,on the contrary he
maintains, that every sovereign Power decides for
itself, on its own responsibility, the question whether
or not it will at a given time accord the status of
belligerency to the insurgent subjects of another
Power."
But while we claim unlimited power in this
respect, we admit, with the Secretary, that
11 the rightfulness of such aa act depends on
the occasion and the circumstances." The
only limits are those which are self-imposed,
and the President, in the language quoted from
his message, has laid these down in accordance
with right and justice; that it should be " to a
people struggling to free themselves from a
Government they believe to be oppressive, or
to independent nations at war with each other.''
Now, sir, does the case of the Cubans come
under either of these conditions? If so, then
the only question for Congress to consider is
the expediency of the measure. That it does
not come under the second, that of "inde-
pendent nations at war with each other," is
admitted. Does it belong to the other class,
that of "a people struggling to free themselves
from a Government they believe to be oppress-
ive ?'' If this can be correctly answered in the
affirmative, then, both by the definition of the
writers on international law and the position
of the President as to the principle which
should govern, the right to act is clearly shown.
What are the requirements? It must be "a
people struggling to free themselves," and
that " from a Government they believe to be
oppressive."
In the discussion of this point I cannot do
better, perhaps, than to bring forward what I
conceive to be the true theory of the case, and
contrast it with the position maintained in a
pamphlet recently issued bearing the title of
Spain, Cuba, and the United States, by Amer-
icus, the ablest argument on that side of the
question I have seen.
Cicero, and after him the modern public
jurists, define a State to be a body-political, or
society of men united together for the purpose
of promoting their mutual safety and advantage
by their combined strength. This view, with
some slight modifications, Wheaton adopts.
This definition evidently embraces such organ-
izations as have reached that status when they
may be properly recognized as independent
sovereignties. But, sir, is it necessary that a
revolutionary body should reach this stage
before they can be properly recognized as bel-
ligerents ? If this were so, then there would be
no difference between the recognition of belli-
gerency and independence. It is here that a mis-
take is made by those, who oppose the accord-
ance of belligerent rights to the Cuban revolu-
tionists; and the argument of Americus is
especially obnoxious to this charge, as he fails
to make the distinction between the two, his
chief argument hinging upon the assertion and
attempt to show that the Cuban insurrection
has not acquired the " constitutional element
of a State ; " that " the Cuban republic is still
a thing of the future ; " that we have not suffi-
cient proof that it is a " stable government,."
The very language of the writers on inter-
national law, as well as that of the President,
implies a lower grade of organization than
this—an incomplete condition; that of the
former being—
" Until the revolution is consummated; while the
civil war involving a contest for th e government con-
tinues other Statesmay remain indifferent spectators
of the controversy, still treating tho ancient Govern-
ment as sovereign and the government de facto as
a society entitled to the rights of war against its
enemy.''
" Until the revolution is accomplished " cer-
tainly implies a state of incipiency—something
incomplete, a result yet uncertain.. And when
the President speaks of " a people struggling
to free themselves from a Government" he cer-
tainly alludes to something unaccomplished.
The very highest grade he requires to entitle
them to this acknowledgment is " the existence
of a dt facto political organization."
Is there such a society, such an organization,
whose members are joined together under cer-
tain rules and regulations, having as one of its
; chief objects in view the throwing off of the
; Spanish control and setting up an independent
government? And is this organization waging
a war for this purpose ?
I repeat the question, sir, is there such an
organization as this in Cuba? If so, then there
is a people within the legitimate construction
of the executive limitation. That there is and
has been a revolution in progress in Cuba for
a year and a half cannot be denied by any one
who pays the least attention to what is taking
place around us. Has Spain sent out forty
thousand men from Europe, and raised twelve
thousand volunteers on the island, and armed
and equipped and ordered them to the interior
to fight a rumor, to arrest a few disturbers of
the peace? Has she added fifty-two vessels
besides thirty gun-boats to her fleet, and sent
, them to cruise upon the Gulf to seek a phantom,
; to hunt an imaginary foe? Sir, if this were all
! the evidence we had that a revolution is in
j progress in Cuba, all the evidence that within
| her ocean boundaries is a strong and determ-
! ined foe, it would be sufficient to convince the
most skeptical mind. But to bring the mat-
i ter directly home, I would ask of you, Mr.
i Speaker, if any member in this House enter-
! tains the least doubt in his own mind as to
this^act? Argue and theorize, as those who
are opposed to this movement may, the facts,
the admitted facts, about which there is no
controversy, tell the story too plainly to leave
any doubt on this point. If there are only a
few flying, wandering insurgents scattered
among the hills and caves, without name or
locality, without combination or organization,
how are we to account for the fact that fifty-
two thousand men have for eighteen months
been unable to disperse them or to capture
their principal leaders? Such assertions are
simply absurd.
Sir, this thing does not seem to be done in
a corner. These people do not seem anxious
in the least to conceal their names or to cover
up their designs. They have their acknowl-
edged agents in our midst openly and without
reserve, giving the names of their leaders and
officers, telling definitely the points the revo-
lutionists hold and the districts claimed.^ They
spread broadcast in the very face of Spain and
her agents the constitution and the laws they
have adopted. They court publicity instead of
shunning it.
