1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2209
exteutbededucted from the price he can afford
to pay. It affects the farmer doubly; as a con-
sumer, for personal use, he pays his equal share
of so much of the tax as falls upon commodi-
ties, and as a producer it increases the first cost
of the exportable products of his farm.
Mj\ Chairman,while disapproving of the pro-
visions of the bill before the committee, which
increase or retain the present high duties on
articles consumed chiefly by farmers in their
business, I am in no manner an advocate of
free trade. If desirable it is impracticable.
4% is unnecessary to discuss whether it is the
correct theory of the intercourse that should
be carried ou between the people of different
nations. All parties substantially agree that
a revenue must be raised, in part at least, by
duties upon imports. In the adjustment ot
these duties advantages and special benefits
must necessarily be afforded to the domestic
producers of foreign imported articles. Where
the article can be produced ultimately as
cheaply this country as abroad, I for one
will concede an adjustment of the tariff so as
to afford extra advantage to that industry but
not after it is, or ought to be, self-sustain-
ing. But these advantages and the special
benefits conferred by protective duties to the
home producers should bo extended to the
agricultural portions of the Union, to the grow-
ing South and the northwestern States.
It is policy as well as duty not to overbur-
den the industry of the agricultural States and
inciease the cost, of their products. They may
to-day be powerless, but increased represent-
ation will soon enable them to secure consider;
ation for their interests if it is now denied. It
the necessities and labor of the agricultural
' States are respected no jealousy or antagonisms
will arise. On the contrary, if a selfish and
grasping sectional policy shall succeed in ap-
portioning the common burden so that other
regions are benefited at their expense, fierce
opposition will be excited. Duties imposed
for purposes ofrevenue unavoidably afford pro-
tection, The necessary incidental benefits that
must result to domestic manufactures from such
a tariff will he accorded withoutobjection ; but
if year after year duties are raised to meet the
demands of special interests, the consequent
agitation and reaction will sweep away all pro-
tective duties. Other gentlemen, speaking lor
the interests of the people of their districts,
ask foy tlie increased duties on steel and man-
ufactured iron proposed in this bill. Speaking
for the tillers of the soil, who are the greatest
consumers of salt, iron, and steel, 1 urge that
the duties on these articles shall bo lowered.
If it is incumbent on Congress to protect an
industry languishing arid suffering; if, when
foreign competition reduces the price ol the
production of American industry below the cost
of production, it is light to help the American
laborer compete with foreign labor, then the
agriculturists of the country have the right to
expect, consideration for their interests and
relief for their industry. .
Mr. ALLISON resumed the floor, and said:
1 will go on to-night if it be the desire of the.
committee.
Mr. CONGER. I would like tQ hear the gen-
tleman nialce a few remarks. [Laughter.]
Mr. ALLISON. Perhaps I ought to apolo-
gize to the committee for not going on with my
remarks to-night; but other gentlemen were
here who desired to speak, and 1 yielded to
them. I would be obliged to some gentleman
if he would moye that tbecommitteenow rise.
Mr. BIRD. I will make that motion if the
gentleman will yield.
Mr. ALLISON. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. BIRD. 1 rpoye that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So ibe commiuee rose ; and Mr. Ciiurciiill
having taken the chair as the Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Wheeler reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Ljiion
had, according to order, had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, andpar-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 139.
ticularly the bill (II. R. No. 1068) to amend
existing laws relating to the duty on imports,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at ten o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned-
petitions, kl'c.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, apd referred to the appropriate
committees; P
By Mr. AftlES: A petition of citizens of
Taunton, Massachusetts, fay improvement of
the navigation of Taunton river.
By Mr. BAI1NUM : The petition of Daniel
Hill and 2-1 others, citizens of Calais, State
of Maine, owners and masters of vessels sail-
ing to and from the city of Bridgeport, Con-
necticut, praying Congress for an appropriation
for improving the harbor at said city.
By Mr. COX: The petition of J. M. Whit-
field, 262 Water street, and 74 others, plumbers
of New York and Brooklyn, for free pig-lead.
By Mr. 1IAWLEY : The memorial of Rob-
ert Tillson & Co., praying Congress to allow
and pay them damages for failure to comply
with the terms of a contract, for furnishing
certain equipments and accoutermcnts during
the late war.
By Mr. HILL: The memorial of John Kyle
& Co., asking to bo refunded for duty paid by
them on machinery.
By Mr. lvETCIIAM: The petition of Captain
Ii. A. Chapel and 58 others, citizens of Hud-
son, Now York, praying Congress to aid Cap*
tain Hall's arctic expedition.
By Mr. MORGAN: The petition of J. M.
Wilkison, J. D. Jennings, L. 0'. Vernon, Wil-
liam Hunter, John 0. Shirghley,William Lawn,
John Kwen, Samuel Hhirgliley, John Bowers,
John Sparggy, Isaac Darnct, David Reed, Eh
Border, Oliver Vernon, and others, citizens ot
Muskingum county, Ohio, asking Congress to
abolish the national banks, redeem their cur-
rency in greenbacks, issue $500,000,000 in
greenbacks, pay oil' $310,000,000 of the five-
twenty bonds, and make greenbacks receivable
in payment for tariff dues and all other taxes.
Also, the petition of John Burns, John G.
Stewart, and numerous others, citizens of Cos-
hocton comity, Ohio, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of John H. Benuer, Frank
Perfect, and others, citizens of Licking county,
Ohio, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of T. Cochran, J. B. Slack,
and others, citizensol'Muskingutn county,Ohio,
to the same effect.
Also, the petition of G. W. Highbargm,
George Forsytho, and others, citizens oi Lick-
ing county, Ohio, to tho same effect.
By Mr. MYERS: Tho petition of Hannah
Southwell, widow of George Southwell, of
company B, third Pennsylvania reserves, for a
special act granting a pension to her, the claim
filed being No. 1440(0.
By Mr. PtlOSSER: The petition of John
i". Hutchinson, of Robertson county, Tennes-
see, lor the removalof his political disabilities.
By Mr. STOKES : The petition of L. D.
Evans, late collector of internal revenue of tho
fourth district of Texas, praying for relief.
By Mr. WARD; A petition of 56 citizens
of Ward, New York, in favor of afeolishingthe
franking privilege.
By Mr. WELLS : The memorial from Dunn
& Knight, Eaton Shaw, George A. Andrews,
and others, asking for a modification in the
revenue law in regard to collecting taxes on
distilled spirits.
Also, the memorial from Taylor, Thompson
& Co., Morris Brothers, John P. Madison,
Hall & Miller, E. Ii. Wilson & Co., and others,
of Helena, Montana Territory, asking for a
modification in the revenue law in regard to
collecting taxes on distilled spirits.
By Mr. WINANS: Duplicate petitions of
TTnn E H. Mungen and 214 fleers,
ien'ia- of Hon. S. Galloway and 23
o hi and of George M. Meeher, esq., mayor,
ind 197 Others, citizens of Colupabtis, Ohio,
for an apprp?riaiion of funds from the Freed-
men's Bureau for Wilberforce University.
a iso a report of house committee on fed-
ewl relations, in the Ohio Legislature, and
the resolution'of said Legislature in favor of
F. Hall, to enable him to make further cxplor
atiBy Mr%"oDw£RD: The petition of
Edward M. Evarts, praying fo^ pension
Also, a petition of citizens of West Auburn,
Pennsylvania, for the abolition of the fiank
ing privilege.  
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 25, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
mas, 1). D, , 1
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before tho
Senate a communication from the Secretary
of War, transmitting, in obedience to a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 16th instant, the report
made bv Major Clark to General O. O. How-
ard, Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau,
on the condition of the freedmen in the Choc-
taw and Chickasaw Indian nations; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
utah indians.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a me-
morial of the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, in relation to the treaty
with the Utah tribe of Indians; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
presiding oifiokh.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As the oceu-
paut of the chair is compelled to leave the
city this afternoon, he will ask the Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Akthoxy] to occupy
the chair during the remainder of tho session
to-day.
Mr. Antiioxy thereupon took the chair.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ax-
tiioxy.) Petitions and memorials are in order.
Mr, ABBOTT presented the petition of W.
A. Smith, in behalf of Perry Godwin, Amos
Coats, Joseph Hare, William Coats, Benjamin
Godwin, W. H. Culiom, E. S. Parker, and
B. V. Smith, of North Carolina, praying tho
removal of their political disabilities; which
was referred to the seleet Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of George
W. Price, jr., in behalf of John B. Bulking,
New Hanover county, North Carolina, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Zebulon P. Davis, of Madison county, Ala-
bama, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to tho seleet
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. VICKERS presented the memorial of
the personal representatives of Richard Hall,
praying compensation for losses sustained
during the last war with Great Britain; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a paemorial of
jurors attending the supreme court of the
District of Columbia, indorsed by Chief Jus-
tice Cartter, of the District of Columbia, pray-
ing the enactment of a law increasing the com-
