4098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Well, let it
be read very slowly.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee of Ways and
Means at this time, the funding bill, for the
purpose of having it ordered to be printed and
recommitted.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Let it be read first.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will not reportit if it is
to be objected to after being read. I will report
it to be printed for the information of members,
and recommitted to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Will the gentleman
agree to an adjournment after that is done?
Mr. SCHENCK. There is no agreement
about that; I only ask to have it printed and
recommitted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have no doubt it would
be as entertaining reading as a novel. I pre-
sume the gentleman feels as much confidence
in its passage as he did in the passage of the
tariff bill, and I suppose it will meet the same
fate as the tariff bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Why not attach it, with
the tariff bill, to this bill, and put all through
together ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
that, if I can get unanimous consent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have no objection to
taking the sense of the House upon it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, I will ask unani-
mous consent for that purpose.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I want gentlemen to un-
derstand that I desire to have the funding bill
printed, so that members may know what it is,
and the country may know what it is. I do
not propose to report it and have it read, and
then objected to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I want very much, in-
deed, to have it read. I would like to hear it.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to take a recess until half past four
o'clock, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will modify the motion
so that the recess shall be till a quarter before
five o'clock.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
By unanimous consent,
Mr. STILES obtained leave of absence for
Monday next;
Mr. KELSEY obtained leave of absence
until Saturday of next week, inclusive;
Mr, STRONG obtained leave of absence for
five days;
Mr. ASPER obtained leave of absence for
Monday next;
Mr. KERR and Mr. BIGGS obtained leave
of absence for to-day ; and
Mr. PORTER obtained leave of absence for
Monday next, for the purpose of attending
court in Richmond as a witness.
payment of contestants, etc.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent that
th<? substitute offered by me for the bill reg-
ulating expenses in contested elections be
printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. WILLARD, by unanimous consent,
presented a substitute for the amendment
already offered by him; which was ordered to
be printed.
tice meter.
Mr. LAWRENCE, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Pi inting:
Resolved, That one thousand extra copies of-House
UxcRutivo Document No. 272 of the present session
ot Congress, bemg letter from the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue relative to the lice meter, be
printed for the use of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue,
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania, obtainsd
leave to withdraw papers now in the possession
of the Committee of Claims. relative to the
claim of P. A. Gibbons for. work done and
material furnished in the erection of the new
agricultural building.
Mr. HAWLEY obtained leave to withdraw
papers in the. case of Isaac N. Strickler and
Getjrge R. Naylor, now before the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. BOLES obtained leave to withdraw from
the files papers relating to the claim of heirs
of Enos Mills, deceased, for a pension.
Mr. BEAMAN obtained leave to withdraw,
for reference to the Com mittee of Claims, papers
relative to the claim of H. P. Sanger, of De-
troit, Michigan, for services as book-keeper and
teller in the office of H. K. Sanger, late Uni-
ted States depositary for the State of Michigan.
Mr. PAINE obtained leave to withdraw from
the files papers in the case of J. P. Story.
disabled soldiers' national asylum.
On motion of Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous
consent, the joint resolution (S. R. No. 140)
appointing managers of the National Asylum
for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers was taken from
the Speaker's table, and read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution appoints as managers
of the asylum, in pursuance of the second
section of act approved March 23, 1866, Lewis
B. Gunckle, of Ohio; Jay Cooke, of Pennsyl-
vania, and John S. Cavender, of Missouri.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES II. LYNN.
Mr. CREBS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2116) for the relief of
James H. Lynn, late acting first assistant en-
gineer in charge of the Mississippi squadron
United States Navy; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
JOSEPH DAWSON.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Invalid Pensions
was discharged from the further consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 1418) granting a pension
to Joseph Dawson, and the same was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
internal tax bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew my request" for
unanimous consent to report the funding bill,
that it may be road, recommitted, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman then
consent that the House adjourn?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will not make any con-
ditions ; but I suppose when the bill shall have
been read there will not be time to call the
yeas and nays again before five o'clock.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
make no conditions we do not consent to the
proposition.
Mr. ALLISON. If this funding bill is
allowed to be introduced and ordered to be
printed I will move to adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, if we agree
that the funding bill shall be reported and
ordered to be printed, stands there obstinately
refusing to give his consent to an adjournment.
I move that the House do now adjourn, and
on that motion I call for the yeas and navs
Mr. STEVENSON. I demand tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. ElDRIDGE
and Mr. NegleY were appointed.
Mr. MAYNAIID, I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. Is it not in order to have the funding
bill printed in the Globe ?
The SPEAKER. It is by unanimous con -
sent.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes thirty; more than one fifth of those'
present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 39, nays 97, not voting
94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Asper, Benjamin, Bird,
Booker, James Brooks, Burr, Crebs, Dickinson, Dox,
Bldridge, Farnsworth, Pox, Greta, Haight, Ilamble-
ton, HamilI,Hawkins, Holman, Knott, Laflin. Lewis,
Marshall, Mayham, MeKenzie, McNeely, Morgan,
Morrissey, Niblaek, Potter, Randall, Beeves, Rogers,
Sargent, Stiles. Swann, Trimble, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winans. and Winchester—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler. Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Beatty. Benton, Bing-
ham, Blair, Boles, Bowen, George M. Brooks, Buf-
finton, Burchard, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke,
Araasa Cobb, Conger, Covode, Dawes, Degener,
Dickey, Ela, Ferriss, Finkelnburg, Gilfillan, Hale,
Harris, Hawley, Hay, Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Kellogg, Knapp, Lawrence,
McCarthy, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew, McKee,
Mercur, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore,
Daniel J.Morrell, Myers, Ncgley,Ncwsham, O'Neill,
Packard, Packer, Peck. Perce. Peters. Phelps, Piatt,
Pomcroy, Porter, Prosser, Rice, Roots, Sawyer,
Schenck,Scofield, Lionel'A. Sheldpn,Sherrod, John
A. Smith. William J. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong,
Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Up-
son, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wallace, Ward, Welker.
Wells. Willard, Williams, and Witcher—97.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Banks,
Barnuin, Barry.Beaman, Beck, Bennett, Biggs. Boyd,
Buck, Buckley, Burdett,Benjamin P. Butler, Roder-
ick R. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, Cleve-
land, Clinton L. Cobb. Coburn, Cook, Conner, Cowles,
Cox, Cullom,Davis,Dixon,Dockery,Donley,Duval,
Dyer, Perry, Pisher, Pitch, Garfield. Gibson. (Jris-
wold, Haldeman, Hamilton, Hays. Heaton, Heflin,
Hill, Hoge, Johnson. Alexander II. .Jones, Thomas
L. Jones, Julian, Kelley, Iielsey, Kerr, Ketcham
Lash, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch. Maynard, Jesse
II. Moore, Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen.Oi'th,
Paine, Palmer, Poland, Ridgway, Santord, Schu-
maker, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Shober, Sloeuui,
Joseph S, Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stevens,
Stokes, Stone, Strader, Sweeney, Taffe, Tyner, Van
Auken.Van Trump, Voorhees, CadwaladerC. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Whitmore,
Wilkinson, John T. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
ward—94.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The pending question is
on my motion to take a recess. I modify that
motion so as to take a recess until five min-
utes of five o'clock.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to report a
funding bill, which I should like to present to-
day, in order to have it printed by Monday
next.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We have consented to
the gentleman from Ohio reporting the funding
bill if he will consent to an adjournment; but
he says he will consent to no conditions.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not intend the gen-
tleman shall be the commander here.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not intend to be a
commander; but I mean that the favor shall
not all be on one side.
_ The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to give consent with conditions.
Mr. RANDALL. I object absolutely.
^ Mr. SCHENCK. It is a most interesting
bill, and will keep until Monde.y.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The reporters will get it
before Monday.
Mr. STEVENSON. I demand theyea3and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will it be in order to move
to take a recess until half past six o'clock?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
_Mr. PARNSWORTH. Have not the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means the right to report
at any time?
The SPEAKER. They have, except when
the previous question is operating, as it now is.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is a bill which
from its peculiarity ought to be read, in order
that the Speaker may decide whether it can
now be submitted or not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must decide at
