1266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
But it may and doubtless will be claimed
that all these are manufactured by the New
York junta for the purpose of pressing upon
Congress the recognition of these revolution-
ists as belligerents. As an answer to such a
charge let us turn to Spanish authorities and
see what evidence can be gleaned from them
on this point, notwithstanding their persistent
efforts to cover up and hide from view the real
state of the case.
The Diario de Id Marina of Havana, in its
issue of August 30,1869, publishes a document
issued by Cespides as early as March 12 of the
same year, fn this he—then general-in-chief
of the Cuban forces and provisional governor
of the republic—sets forth the scheme of their
internal policy, naming the districts they claim.
He divides it into military divisions, and makes
provision for the military organization and gov-
ernment of these divisions; provides for the i
establishment of a postal system and the organ- |
ization of judicial and municipal systems ; de- j
clares that the laws of the extinct Spanish j
Government, so far as applicable, shall remain
in force; proclaims liberty in the fullest and
widest sense, and declares the Government so
established is merely provisional and to remain
in force until a congress of the republic shall
have decided upon what it may think proper.
It is true all this could have been placed on
paper by one man without followers or author-
, ity. This I do not deny. I only wish to call
attention at present to one point brought out
and evidently conceded by the Spanish paper
in which it was published; that is, that as early
as March, 1869, Cespides did issue such a doc-
ument, indicating the intention of organizing
in regular form a republic having authority
over a given territory, this organization to
include a congress, &c.
Let it be remembered that when this was
written, or purports to have been written, no
congress of the republic had convened, no
constitution had been framed and adopted,
although the standard of revolution had been
raised and the contest was already in progress.
It was under these circumstances, when Spain
had become fully conscious that a revolution-
ary movement was on foot, that the Cuban
leader lays down the programme which is to
be followed.
The same paper, July 14, 1869, published
another document, which it says "is nothing
less than the constitution of the Cuban repub-
lic," which was adopted at Guaimaro, April
10 of the same year, and which is precisely
the same as that published by the New York
junta, a copy of which lies before me on my
desk. And that article, which is copied from
the Bandera Espaitola of Santiago de Cuba,
also a Spanish paper, contains the names of
the Various deputies forming the convention
which adopted this constitution. It may be
said of this also that it is nothing more than a
paper gotten up for effect by a few individuals,
without support or authority. Yet the Diario
calls it the constitution of the "Cuban repub-
licand it shows, at least, that the programme
laid down by Cespides a month previous was
being steadily carried out, in words, if nothing
more.
But let us bring another Spanish witness to
the stand, and see what further testimony we
can elicit. On the 11th day of October, 1869,
the Voz de Cuba, the leading Spanish paper
in Havana, under the strict scrutiny of the
censors of the press, makes the following
acknowledgment:
"That in Guaimaro, four days' journey from Ha-
vana, there had existed for eight months a gov-
ernment of traitors; that they had been holding
session?, issuing decrees, publishing papers, and
exercising all the rights of sovereignty."
Now, let us connect this confession, which
was forced from this Spanish organ by the
facts in the case, with the articles in the Diario,
and see what legitimate inferences are to be
drawn from them thus combined.
In thefirst place it is clear that in October
there existed a government in Gafumaro exer-
cising the functions of sovereignty in opposi-
tion to Spanish rule; and it is not probable the
Havana organ would have given such an organ-
ization any more character than it really had.
In the second place this fact gives to the
documents published in the Diario the stamp
of truth, and shows as conclusively as any fact
can be proven, that an extensive organization,
deliberately planned, had been steadily pro-
f essing from March (and how long previous
will not undertake to say) up to the 10th of
April, when the civil organization was com-
pleted in the formation and adoption of a con-
stitution, and that it had carried on its oper-
ations until the October following. And the
news which has but recently reached us of the
attempt by the Spaniards to reach the seat of
this government, and of their repulse, shows
that this organization is still in existence.
And the full force of this argument is not felt
until we take into consideration the other very
important fact that this organization has been
effected and this steady progress made in the
very face of Spanish bayonets and in spite of
all the efforts of the mother country to quell it;
that the ground selected by the original pro-
gramme has been firmly held by the revolu-
tionists against all efforts to dislodge them.
If this does not prove a government de facto,
then I would like to know what evidence is
required to establish the fact. Cuban evidence
affirms it, and Spanish testimony concedes it.
What more can we ask ? What more should we
desire ? The fact that these documents were
obtained by accident so long after their pub-
lication is an evidence that Spain could not
penetrate, with all her array of force, to the
place where they originated. There is, there-
fore, Mr. Speaker, "a people in Cuba strug-
gling to free themselves from the Spanish Gov-
ernment, which they believe to be oppressive,"
and the requirements of the message have been
met.
And here, Mr. Speaker, allow me to digress
for a moment to an article in the New York
Times. This paper, which for some reason
seems to have strong Spanish proclivities, in
its issue of Friday, the 4th, attempts to treat
with ridicule the resolution I introduced on the
2d instant in regard to Cuba.
The Clerk read as follows:
"First Catch Tour Hare— The resolution intro-
duced into the House of Representatives by Mr.
Logan, desiring to know why the United States have
not recognized the Cubans as belligerents, and as-
serting that they have 'carried on active hostilities
against Spain for fifteen months, have established
and still maintain a de facto Government, and now
occupy with their armies and control a large portion
of the island,' should also have contained inform-
ation as to the seat of the de facto Government and ;
the amount of territory it controls, because we suspect
that it is the very absence of definite information on !
these points which has kept tho Executive from ,
doing long ago what General Logan evidently thinks i
it ought to have done. It is very difficult to accord ,
belligerent rights to a people unless you know where
their territory is; and if anybody is able to say where !
the territory of the Cnban republic is, or even in or
about the size of the area over which the writs of its
courts run, he has thus far held his peace in a very
unjustifiable way. We all know there are 'insur-
gents' in the east end of the island, but then how
many ? Do they hold any portion of Cuban soil in
such a way that the people living on it look tothem
for police justice, pay them taxes and allegiance,
and that the enemy cannot penetrate it except in
large force? Nobody ventures to assert anything of
the kind.  
" If the President were to ' accord belligerent
rights' to-morrow, and to send an envoy to Cuba, to
announce the fact to the 'de facto Government, he
would not know where to look for it. Ho would find
nobody to tell him where its seat was or who admin-
istered it. He would be unable to find any line or
frontier separating its territory from that of tho
enemy, or any organized force to whom he could
appeal for escort or protection. If, in consequence
of the concession, cruisers appeared at sea, as they
would, and undertook to search American vessels,
as they might, or commit any other outrage on Amer-
ican commerce, Mr. Fish would know no more where
to look for redress, or indeed have any more chance
of getting it, than if their operations were directed
by the Flying Dutchman.
"Whatever the concession might be in form the
body to whom it would really be in ado, and who would
reap all the benefit of it, would be tho Cuban Junta
in this city and Washington. They are really the
only approach to an organized Government which
the Cuban revolution possesses."
Mr. LOGAN. I will now ask the Clerk to
read from another column in the same paper
a portion of a letter headed "From our own
correspondent."
The Clerk read as follows :
"Havana, Saturday, January 29,1ST0.
"Puello's campaign has turned out a partial failure.
The results expected from it have not been obtained,
and Jordan made such a stubborn resistance that
even the official Oaceta is compelled to acknowledge
a great many killed and wounded. Humors had been
for some time in circulation that Puello, who left
Nuevitas on the 22d of December last, had met with
a severe check, but the journals kept very silent
about it until Thursday, when a telegram was pub-
lished announcing that Puello had reached Baga, a
small town about six miles from Nuevitas. Tho
steamer Barcelona brought further particulars yes-
terday, and the best account (Spanish, of course,)
appears to be that of an eye-witness, and published
in the Diario. a journal by no means reliable, as
having lately published all sorts of cock-and-bull
stories. It appears that after leaving Nuevitas
Puello was continually harrassed until he reached a
place called Joaquin or Juan Rodriguez on the 1st
of January, where Jordan, who by a vote of the so-
called Cuban Chambers has been substituted for the
unlucky Quesada in the command of tho Cuban
armies, awaitod Puello and ' gave him fits.'
"The Spaniards were received with cannon and
musketry firo, the first discharge killing and wound-
ing over seventy Spaniards, according to persons
who took part in tho fight. Having only one can-
non, and the Spaniards being provided with several,
tho advantage in that respect was on their side, and
after a severe fight tho Spaniards took the intrench-
ments, but had been so weakened as to compel them
to retreat to Arroyo Hondo. There Puello remained
fifteen days, until he managed to secure five carts on
which to transport his wounded, the troops mean-
while suffering great hardship from want of provis-
ions. This is a Spanish version, and published by
tho Diario. Making due allowance for these very
important facts, we must naturally conclude that
Jordan gave Puello a great deal more than he bar-
gained for, to put a mild construction on the afiair.
But this engagement, although important in itself,
because it differs a little from tho Diario's memor-
able bruised soldier, will not materially affect the
ultimate result. The next engagement to hear from
will undoubtedly be that between Jordon and Goy-
eneche, the latter having left Puerto Principe to
attack the former, with a division of over five thou-
sand men for that purpose. The losses in tho engage-
ment between Puello and Jordan are estimated *t
near four hundred Spaniards killed and wounded,
and about nn equal number of Cubans. Of the
wounded on both sides but very few will recover,
neither party having sufficient medical assistance or
the necessary bandages."
Mr. LOGAN. From this it would seem the
defacto Cuban government has a very different
locality than that of New York city, and that
the Spanish general, Puello, in attempting to
reach it, instead of " catching a hare " caught
an inglorious defeat. He seemed to know
where to look for it, but failed in his attempt
to penetrate to it. No one knows anything in
regard to this de facto government, and yet
this correspondent tells us that the Diario
acknowledges that on the 1st of January the
so-called Cuban Chambers, by vote, substituted
General Jordan in command of the Cuban
armies instead of Quesada. And on his own
anthority this writer informs us that he must
conclude that Jordan gave Puello a great deal
more than he bargained for; that another
Spanish general has left Puerto Principe with
a division of over five thousand men to attack
the forces under Jordan; also that the Spanish
losses in the late battle are estimated at near
four hundred men, and the Cuban about the
same. He also says the seat of war has been
transferred temporarily eastward.
And yet, Mr. Speaker, there are no Cuban
armies, there is no war, no seat of govern-
ment, no government at all ;■ no one can tell
where to look for it. All I have to say to the
editor of the Times on this point is that if what
he says is true his. correspondent is a most
excellent hand at manufacturing news. I leave
the matter between himself and his corre-
' spondent; they may settle it to suit themselves.
' Will it be in accordance with justice for this
! Government now to treat the contest in Cuba
; as a war and recognize the revolutionists as
j belligerents? Do the circumstances which sur-
j round the case justify such action on our part;
i and is it expedient for us to take the step im-
mediately ? These, sir, are the only questions
before us; the others have been answered J
the progress of the revolution. That they have
