3154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
class of wire, and that, after the reduction pro-
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means
in this bill, is still held at 4 cents per pound
and 15 per cent, ad valorem. Therefore this
anomalous condition of things exists, that from
inadvertence, from omission in the tariff law
as it now stands, these articles are permitted
to come in at a less cost than the material out
of which they are made. We supposed that
60 per cent, ad valorem would be a fair valu-
ation compared with that of the wire out of
which they are made, and we have regulated
it accordingly. They come in now either as
iron manufactures non-enumerated, or as iron
rolled or hammered, not otherwise provided
for. The decision, I believe, has generally
been that they shall come in at 35 per cent, ad
ralortm under the present law.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Brooks, of New York ; and it was dis-
agreed to—ayes seventeen, noes not counted.
Mr. HOAll. T offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the paragraph,
after the words " ad valorem
On machine-card clothing and hand cards, whefhcr
of iron, steel, or brass wire, stuck in leather, cloth,
rubber, or paper, or however manufactured, 50 per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I rise to a point
of order. Is this amendment germane to the
pending paragraph ?
Mr. HOAR. This is a wire manufacture,
and relates to the general subject now before
the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hardly thinks
the amendment germane to the pending par-
agraph.
Mr. HOAR. The Chair will allow me to
state what is the nature of the manufacture
included in the amendment, so that the ruling
of the Chair may be properly made. The
pending order is a paragraph relating to duties
on a manufacture of iron wire.
The CHAIRMAN. It would be more ger-
mane to the next paragraph.
Mr. HOAR. The Chair will permit me to
call attention to the fact that the Chair is rul-
ing, not on a matter of parliamentary law, but
on a question of fact, to wit, whether machines
and cards come in under the head of wire or
manufactures of iron. I think the Chair, if
he is acquainted with the manufacture to which
my amendment relates, would see very clearly
that it belongs to the former class. But as
my amendment is to insert a new paragraph
between the one relating to wire and the one
relating to iron, it would be hardly a practical
question as to which it should be attached.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not
think the proposed amendment germane to the
pending paragraph, which relates solely to hair-
pins made of iron wire.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
On iron of any siie or description not included,
embraced, or enumerated in this act, 1 cent per
pound: Provided. That iron in any form or of any
description charged with a duty under this act shall
not be changed irom its classification because of any
partial or complete manufacture into any article not
designated, unless it shall be a part of some finished
manufacture composed in cjiief part of other mate-
rials than iron.
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend this para-
graph by inserting before the first line the
following:
On machine-card clothing and hand cards, whether
of iron, steel, or brass wire, stuck in leather, cloth,
rubber, or paper, or however manufactured, SO per
cent, ad valorem.
The manufacture described by my amend-
ment is one which is not provided for in the
present bill and is only protected by the gen-
eral sweeping clause of 35 per cent, ad valorem
on manufactures not otherwise enumerated.
It is a manufacture which requires the very
highest degree of skill. The machine by which
this card clothing is mannfactured probably
comes nearer to numan intelligence than any
other machinery which is known in the me-
chanic arts. The machine not only performs
the delicate operation of placing the pieces of
iron or steel wire in their proper places after
cutting them off into proper lengths, but it con-
ducts the operation for alarger number of wires
at once; and it is so delicately adjusted that
when a single wire gets out of place, or when
any portion of the operation is out of order, the
machine stops at once and rings a little bell as
a sign of distress. In addition to the intelli-
gence and ability of the machine, the working
of it requires the highest degree of skill. The
average paid to the workmen operating this
machine, 1 am told, is four dollars a day; and
it requires three or four years of practice to
acquire the proper degree of skill.
Mr. JUDD. Is that a machine U3ed in for-
eign countries ?
Mr. HOAR. Yes; I cannot say where the
original machine was invented.
Mr. BANKS. In this country.
Mr. HOAR. My colleague [Mr. Banks]
informs me that it was invented in this coun-
try. It is a mechanism that has been improved
from year to year. The original manufacture
was begun in the town of Leicester, adjoining
the city of Worcester, which I represent, and
it has spread to various parts of the country.
There is a manufactory in Worcester, one in
New York, and several in Pennsylvania. Such
is the skill required of the workingmen en-
gaged in these manufactories that nearly all
of these establishments can be traced to this
original Leicester manufactory as their origin.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I will say but a few words.
Mr. HOAR. Let me say oue word more.
Mr. ALLISON. Very well.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to make one more
statement. This manufacturing interest is now
represented in this country by twenty-six fac-
tories, operating thirteen hundred of these
costly machines, with a capital of over two
million dollars.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, I do not
pretend to know to what extent these card
machines are imported; but it seems to me the
amendment proposes a very large increase of
duty, especially when we in the West are trying
to develop our manufactures. This duty woula
impose an additional cost on our people who
are buying these machines. Unless the duty
proposed is absolutely essential to the people
interested in this machinery to enable them
to live I trust that the amendment will not be
adopted. I am not sufficiently conversant with
the subject of the amendment to make any
specific opposition to it. I only know that it
will tend to increase the cost of manufacturing
in the West. I yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] for any further
explanation which he may be prepared to give.
Mr. HOAR. This card machinery now comes
in under the head of " non-enumerated arti-
cles," paying a duty of 35 per cent, ad valorem.
But the English card machinery is competing
with our manufactures to a large extent; and
those engaged in this branch of industry desire
this additional protection, to which the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means assent; for it is
reasonable. That which is protected by the
amendment is the machine card, the wire stuck
in leather which revolves over the machine, and
performs the province of carding wool, cot-
ton, <fcc.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] yield to me for a few
minuted?
Mr. ALLISON. I will yield to any gentle-
man who can give ub light on this subject; and
I know the gentleman from Tennessee can do
so if any one can.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am informed that a new
establishment put in operation during the last
year at, I think, Pall River, Massachusetts,
found it cheaper to import its card machinery
than to employ in making it any of the numer-
ous well-appointed manufactories in that State.
This is a condition of things which some of us
thought ought to be provided against. I thiiik
the amendment is a proper one.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon this amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend by striking
out the last word. The necessity for protec-
tion in cases of this kind arises from the deli-
cacy of the machinery, which requires gruat
skill on the part of the persons employed to
run it. There is no great supply of labor for
this purpose. Each manufacturing establish-
ment has to educate and instruct its own work-
men. If the establishments are stopped ior
ever so short a time the hands become scattered
through the community and cannot be regained
so that others have to be instructed to perform
the very delicate duty of running these ma-
chines. Now a duty of 35 per cent, is much
less than the average protection given to the
manufacturers of our country.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
the gentleman is mistaken in supposing the
duty to be 35 per cent. If the machines were
made of iron that would be the duty; but on
unenumerated manufactures of steel and brass
the duty is 45 per cent.
Mr. BANKS. I adopted on that point the
statement of my colleague [Mr. Hoar] who
introduced the amendment. But at any rate,
if anything is protected it ought to be these
manufactures which are just struggling for a
foothold, and where the great point tor the
manufacturer is to secure skilled workmen. I
am not conversant with this precise manufac-
ture; but in cases to which I referred some
time ago, and in others arising in connection
with the bill, a consideration which ought to be
kept in mind is that where there is but a lim-
ited supply of a particular kind of skilled labor,
if the hands, after going through a course of
instruction in the establishments where they
are employed, are thrown out of employment
by a suspension of business, they cannot be
recalled at pleasure, but the establishments,
when they resumed business, must educate new
laborers to take their places.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question: following out the theory
of the Committee of Ways and Means and the
protectionists generally, would it not be well
to have a high tariff upon skilled labor, so as
to protect it? It seems to me that would reach
the gentleman's point more readily.
Mr. BANKS. I am sure I cannot answer
the gentleman to his satisfaction ; but if there
be anything that should be protected it is labor.
Mr. ELL)RIDGE. There is no tariff upon
skilled labor.
Mr. BANKS. Manufactures which require
skilled labor and which are just struggling for
existence are precisely and especially the pur-
suits which require the assistance of the Gov-
ernment at the present time. After the manu-
facture is well established, and when many
persons have been educated in the business,
the duty may be reduced ; but certainly the
protection extended to these manufactures
ought not to be less than the average rate of
duty. I can say to the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldbidge] that the great woolen
and cotton manufacturing establishments, if
their hands leave them, can immediately obtain
others totake their places; butin manufactures
requiring skilled labor, such as the makiug of
watches, cards, &c., if the hands leave the
establishments the establishments must stop
until new men can be educated to follow the
business.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I beg to say to
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
that I think the more pertinent and logical
mode to get at this would be to establish a
bureau or school of instruction.
Mr. BANKS. Propose it.
Mr. COX. Yes, sir; as the gentleman would
have it, perhaps these laborers should be in-
structed by the Government in this special line
of business, and afterward be supported by
all the other classes of laborers in the country,
especially the farmers and agriculturists, with
a view to protect establishments employing
