5042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 80,
to the interior before the duties are paid, and
to avoid the trouble and expense of unloading
and reloading at the port of entry on the Atlan-
tic or Pacific coast. But there is no reason why
it should be confined to cities having one hun-
dred and fifty thousand inhabitants. It might
as well be extended to cities having fifty thou-
sand inhabitants. It is capable of being made
a matter of general convenience, and it is just
'as safe 10 apply it to cities of lifty thousand in-
habitants as to cities having over one hundred
and fifty thousand, and if the amendment is to
be adopted at all, let it be made a matter of
general convenience, and not confined to a few
interior cities.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to put a ques-
tion to the honorable Senator from Indiana.
In a matter of this kind, which is the begin-
ning of an experiment, would it not probably
be wiser not to extend it too far ; but let us see
how it would work in the larger places, and
then, at any future time, when it may be judi-
ciously extended to cities of less population,
that can be done?
Mr. COLE. The ports of entry are not
extended to all sea-port towns, but only to a
lew. All the little towns on the coast are not
ports of entry. This is only for the accommo-
dation of large interior cities, such as Chicago,
St. Louis, and Cincinnati, and is about con-
fined to those.
Mr. CAMERON. T think this amendment
will produce great benefit to the country. The
monopoly of importation by New York, and
the great amount.of business done there now,
are mi injury not only to the City of New York,
but to the whole country. I think by extend-
ing these facilities throughout the whole coun-
try, so far as you can reach it by canals and
railroads, we can do much good. I think the
proposition of tlie Senator from Indiana would
be better, to extend it to all towns of fifty thou-
sand inhabitants; b.ut probably it would be bet-
ter to begin as it is proposed, with cities of at
least one hundred aud fifty thousand inhab-
itants. That will try the experiment fully.
Everybody must see that we cannot increase
the amount of importations into the city of
Now York much beyond the present amount.
1 am satisfied for many reasons, but particularly
as regards revenue, that if you could send these
goods in bond to the port of destination it
would be better for all concerned. I would
send them by rail or in any other way across
the continent; I would drop them at Chicago,
St. Louis, Pittsburg, Cincinnati, and every
other important town in the whole country,
imiit they reached the other ocean. lam satis-
fied that we shall get more revenue in this way
than we do now. Therefore I am in favor of
the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Secretary of the
Treasury has reported against this scheme over
and over again. The Committee on Commerce
has twice reported adversely to it. I am rather
of the opinion that this amendment had better
be voted down, and we should take so import-
ant a piece of legislation as this by itself. The
Committee on Finance had the selfsame bill
in charge last winter, and labored all winter j
to pass it and failed ; and then this winter they j
sent it to the Committee 011 Commerce, and 1
that committee did not try to pass it, because j
the Secretary of the Treasury reported directly
against, it, and the Committee on Commerce
did the same thing. I hope it will be voted
down.
Mr. SHERMAN. In five minutes I think
I can explain to the Senate how the matter
standg. The Senator from Michigan has not
correctly given the facts, or, at least, he has
not given snch an impression of them as they
would properly bear.
The proposition to transport goods from
New York to ports of entry within the United
States hi|8 been proposed by the Chambers of
Commerce and by all the commercial bodies
of the United States, without a single excep-
tion. The National Chamber of Commerce at.
Memphis, with the assent of the representa-
tives from New York, recommended it strongly.
Two years ago this subject was amply debated
in the Blouse of Representatives, and this bill,
or a bill much more liberal in its provisions,
was passed in the House. After a full debate
it was sent here, and sent to the Committee on
Finance. It was there examined with great
care, was sent to the Secretary of the Treasury,
then Mr. McCulloch. This bill, or the sub-
stance of it, was prepared at the Treasury De-
partment and sent back to the Committee on
Finance and reported here, but on account of
the pressure of other business and the diffi-
culty of getting up a bill of this kind, which
naturally excites against it certain local hos-
tility, it was impossible for us to get it through
the Senate.
This is the application of precisely the same
principle to large cities in the interior that is
daily being applied for the benefit of foreign-
ers in Canada and Mexico. You may trans-
port goods in bond now through the United
States from one end to the other, from Cali-
fornia to New York, provided they are for
foreigners and not for Americans. You can
transport goods now from Portland across our
country to Canada, and there they are distrib-
uted by merchants in Canada along the bor-
der, and smuggled back into the United States.
That is done under bond precisely like this.
The only effect of this measure will be to allow
a merchant in Cincinnati or Philadelphia, or
any city containing one hundred and fifty thou-
sand inhabitants, to order a direct importation
from any part of the world. Then the goods,
coming as they all do now to New York, can
be immediately transported in bond to the port
of destination, where they will be examined.
These bonds are entirely within the control
of tlie Secretary of the Treasury. They are
given by great transportation companies, and
1 have the official proof to show that there is
more danger of fraud and wrong in carting
goods from shipboard to a warehouse in New
York than there is in a great company like
the Pennsylvania Central giving its bond for
$1,000,000, receiving the goods in the original
packages from shipboard, and delivering them
to the custom-house in Cincinnati.
This is a serious effort to give the people of
this country a fair opportunity for free import-
ation of goods, and to give to the interior
cities something like equality with the city of
New York. Now, Philadelphia, Boston, and
Baltimore, and all the great cities of this con-
tinent, are made nearly subsidiary to New York;
and you cannot get goods destined for Cincin-
nati through the port of New York without a
delay of one month or six weeks, when goods
for A. T. Stewart can be delivered in twenty-
four hours.
If there is nothing wrong in transporting
these goods through our territory for foreign-
ers, if there is nothing wrong or unsafe in the
principle, it ought to be adopted as a rule,
so that the great interior cities may have the
benefit of direct importations. Wo have fixed
the cities to be entitled to this privilege to be
those the number of whoso inhabitants is at
least one hundred and fifty thousand, because
this may properly be said to be an experiment.
It was thought better to confine it, to cities ot
the larger size, and I have no doubt it will be
found to work admirably. 'The Government
cannot possibly lose by it. The measure is
carefully guarded, so that every check that can
be provided is secured. If goods can be trans-
potted from Portland across Maine to Canada
without danger of being diverted in their chan-
nel into domestic consumption, surely they may
be transported under the bond provided for
by this bill by great transportation companies
and only by those, to the place of delivery.
1 have examined this matter with the utmost
care, with a desire to guard the revenue, and
if I believed we should lose $100,000 in the
course of a year by the operations of this meas-
ure I would not vote for it; but I am quite
sure that under its terms we shall secure honest
appraisement in the large cities of the country,
ana a full payment of the revenue.
Mr. THUftMAN. Mr. President, I have
had occasion, both because my attention has
been called to this subject by the representa-
tions of the Chamber of Commerce of Cincin-
nati and also by my duties as a member of
the Committee on Retrenchment, to examine
this subject somewhat carefully. The only
objection I have ever heard to tins proposition
is that it might open the door to fraud. That
seems to be the specter that haunts the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. Now, after the most
careful investigation that I eould give to this
subject, I am perfectly certain that my col-
league is right 111 saying that it is a measure
which will tend to put an end to fraud ; that
the forwarding of goods directly to the cities
provided for 111 this amendment, there to have
bulk broken, to be under the examination of
the custom-house at such a city as that, is
more calculated to prevent frauds on the rev-
enue than it is to promote them, much more
so ; and that there are much less likely to be
frauds under this system than there would be
under the present. That being the only objec-
tion urged against this measure, that it opens
the door to frauds, an examination will convince
any one that so far fiom that, beirg the case the
very reverse is the truth. I do hope that this
measure will be adopted.
Mr. CONKLINU. I offer as an amendment,
by way of addition, the following:
That eveiy contract for labor or service which, or
any p:irt of which, is or shall bo the consideration
for or in rospect to the passage or transportation of
or tor any alien from any foreign countiy to tbo
United States, or from the United States to any for-
eign country which provides for a longer period of
service than six months, is hereby declared to be
void, and any person who shall, contrary to this act,
contract with any finch alien, or enforce or attempt
to enforco such contract, shall bo deemed guilty of
a misdemeanor, and upon conviction theieof by
information or indictment in the district or circuit
court of the United States, shall be punished by a
fino of not, less than 51,000, nor more than $5,000,
together with tlie costs ot the prosecution, one half
ot' which shall be paid so the informer and the other
half to the alien with whom such contract shall have
been made, upon condition that he immediately re-
turn to I113 native country undcrsuch regulations for
the enforcement of this condition as the court may
prescribe.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
Mr. COLE. This is not germane.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot help that; I have
the floor. The Senator from Ohio nearest me,
who has disappeared, [Mr. Sherman,] seemsto
think that this is a new method of turning the
country inside out, aud that by it he can make
Cincinnati as near Paris (if that is where he
gets his silk and champagne) as New York is.
That is a problem in geography which cannot
be solved ; that is the fact about it. The Cin-
cinnati merchants cannot get their goods so
quickly to market as New York merchants can
if they import them. It is out of the question.
The next proposition is the question of
safety, and that seems to be supported by my
other friend from Ohio, who appears to think
thatthe further goods go into the country with-
out inspection the less is the chance of fraud.
So if we could keep them going around and
around on a railroad through every town in
the United States for a few months the revenue
would be largely increased !
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont will please suspend. The hour of half
past four having arrived, the Senate will take a
recess until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'cteck p. m.
Mr. PENTON submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
2165) making appropriations' for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 80, 1871, and for other purposes;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
