1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5043
MINING CLAIMS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
2045) to reduce taxation.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the Senate to take
up now the conference report which I made a
day or two since, in order that we may dis-
pose of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is it about?
Mr. STEWART. It is in regard to mining
claims. It is the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 562) to amend an act
granting the right of way to ditch and canal
owners through the public lands, and for other
purposes. The report was laid over at the
request of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Hae-
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] is entitled to thefloor
on the tax bill.
Mr. STEWART. This report has been read,
and will take but a few moments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the time occupied
by this conference report come out of my time,
if it is taken up ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will not.
Mr. STEWART. It will not occupy any
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairunder-
stands that the Senator from Nevada desires
to call up the report with the understanding that
if it gives rise to any debate it shall lie over,
and with that understanding the report will be
considered as before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Of course if it gives rise
to debate I cannot proceed with it this evening.
I will simply state that the bill as reported by
the conference committee proposes to extend
the principles of the preemption law, so far as
possible, consistent with the mining laws, for
the purpose of giving the people upon the
worked-out mines in California and in the Ter-
ritories, where they have had placer mines, an
opportunity of buying mineral lands, which
tliey need more for agricultural than mineral
purposes. These lands are exhausted for min-
eral purposes, and this bill is intended to allow
those people to get homes, and to get titles to
the lands.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not wish to consume
the time of the Senate ; but I think there are
some rather serious objections to the bill as
reported by the conference committee. Per-
sonally I should prefer to remove all restric-
tions on the survey and sale of lands, so that
mineral lands might be surveyed and sold as
other lands are surveyed and sold, rather than
to adopt this policy.
As the bill now stands, claimants can enter
large quantities of mineral lands, larger than
a preemptor can enter of agricultural lands.
Although not personally familiar with the con-
dition of things in the mineral districts, I am
of the impression that this bill will enable men
of wealtlfto monopolize the mineral lands. It
has been the policy of the Government up to
this time to leave the mineral lands open for
occupancy to all, so that the poorest in the
community might labor in the mines and earn
a living. This bill will tend very greatly to
throw the mineral lands into the possession
of men of wealth, and to this extent, I thirik,
will be a great detriment to the communities
whom I know the honorable Senator from
Nevada intends to benefit by his bill. I am
unable myself, therefore, to vote for the report
of the committee ; but I am not willing, by
speaking, to prevent the action of the Senate
on the report.
Mr. COLE. The only feature of the bill as
presented by the conference committee is the
large amount of mineral lands that any indi-
vidual may take up ; but the restriction of one
hundred and sixty acres applies as well to any
association as to an individual. I must state,
however, in extenuation of the conclusions of
the conference committee, that the quantity of
mineral lands in Californiais much less to-day
than is generally supposed. Most of the lands
in what is known as the mining region should
at this time, I am satisfied, be disposed of to
actual settlers as agricultural lands.
I did not sign the conference committee re-
port, because I am fully committed to the prin-
ciple of restricting the amount to each indi-
vidual to a less quantity than that specified in
the report. All the other features of the bill I
fully acquiesce in. I am not so very certain
that the conference committee are not gov-
erned by a better judgment than myself in
their conclusions. All the other members of
the conference committee who were from the
mining regions were against me in this judg-
ment, and I only refrained from opposing the
report of the conference committee by the re-
flection that most of the lands in the mineral
regions should at this time be counted and
apportioned as agricultural lands. I shall make
no further remarks upon the report of the con-
ference committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the report of the committee
on conference.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to record my
vote against it. It will not consume very much
time to take the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. STEWART. If there was a quorum
here I should not object to it. The Senator
can be regarded as having recorded his vote
against it. I am perfectly certain that this
measure will lead to no monopoly ; and I think
I could explain it thoroughly to the satisfaction
of the Senate. But I will not take up time.
The report was concurred in.
ASSESSMENT OF TAXES IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a House bill of
very much importance to this city in relation
to the assessment of taxes, and to authorize the
city to fund the existing debt, which has been
reported by the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and which I should like to have acted
upon. I think if the Senator from Ohio will
allow it to be taken up we can dispose of it in
fi^e minutes. I hope we may do so. It is very
important to act upon it promptly. It is House
bill No. 2106.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2100) to amend the
laws regulating the assessment of taxes iti the
city of Washington. The bill makes it the
duty of all officers of the corporation of the
city of Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, now empowered by law to make assess-
ments of taxes upon the real estate therein, to
file forthwith, in the office of the collector of
taxes of the city, a transcript of such assess-
ment.
It is to be the duty of the collector in each
year to embrace in the tax-books of the cur-
rent year all taxes of every kind then assessed
and due upon or against the real estate in the
city, and including that of the previous year
then unpaid, andtocollect all taxes so assessed
and certified at his office in the city.
It is not to be lawful for the mayor or city
councils of the city of Washington, or any per-
son charged with the disbursements of money
in the District of Columbia, to divert from its
legitimate object any money levied or collected
as taxes from the people of the District, but
all such taxes so levied or collected are to be
kept separate and distinct, each item under its
own proper head, as named in the act or acts
authorizing such levy to be made, and no
change whatsoever is to be made_ by transfer
of one fund to another, or by paying out any
sum or sums of money on account of any object
or purpose for which it was not levied or col-
lected.
In no case is the sum levied for the "gen-
eral fund" or miscellaneous purposes to^ ex-
ceed twenty-five cents on the hundred dollars
of valuation.
Any person who shall violatfe the provisions
of this act is to be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor in office and be dismissed therefrom.
The Committee on the District of Colum-
bia reported the bill, with an amendment, to
insert as additional sections the following:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the mayor
of the city of Washington, by and with the consent
of the board of aldermen thereof, shall appoint an
auditor and a comptroller for said city, each to re-
ceive such annual compensation as shall be fixed by
an act of the corporation of Washington, andvrliose
offices shall be adjacent to that occupied by the
mayor. It shall be the duty of the auditor to ?.udit
all accounts against the said corporation, to certify
the same, when found correct, to the comptroller,
and to retain tho originals of all contracts made and
orders given for all descriptions of work or improve-
ments by the corporation aforesaid. It shall bo the
duty of the comptroller to keep an exact accountof
all warrants issued in the manner hereinafter pro-
\ ided for, and ot' all taxes levied by the corporation
under their respective heads; to countersign and
keep ail accurate record of alt receipts for taxes or
other revenuo of any description whatever, given
by the collector and register, such receipts not to bo
valid unless so countersigned; and to compare the
same daily with the books of the said collector and
register. Each and every acoount against the cor-
poration of Washington, when audited and certified
by the auditor, shall be paid by a warrant of the
comptroller, countersigned by the mayor; and in no
case shall payments be made in any other manner
than provided for in this act. But no account shall
bo paid by warrant or otherwise unless there is a
fund to the credit of that particular account. The
money received from any and all sources, for and oil
account of the corporation, shall, on the day of its
receipt, be deposited by the collector and register to
the credit of the city of Washington, in such place
as may be designated a? a depository for the funds
of the corporation by an act of the board of alder-
men and board of common council, approved by the
mayoi ; and such depository shall, each day that
deposits are made, furnish a statement of the samo
to the comptroller, to be by him filed in his office.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted. That the said
corporation of Washington shall have power toissua
certificates of indebtedness not to exceed in amount
£600,000, and to bear interest at the rate of seven and
thiee tenths per cent, per annum, and to be redeem-
able within three years from the date of issue ; the
said certificates not to be of a less denomination
than fifty dollars, and to be receivable for taxes due
said corporation to such amount yearly as said cor-
poration may designate by law ; not, however, to
cxceed fifty per cent, of the amount due by any tax-
payer. And said certificates shall be used for no other
purpose than the payment of the ascertained indebt-
edness of the corporation of Washington, to tho 6th
day of June, 1870.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
JANE ALLEN' BiRCKHEAD.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to call up Sen-
ate bill No. 836. This bill was introduced by
me in April last, and reported from the Com-
mittee on Claims by the Senator from West
Virginia [Mr. Willey] in June. It is a very
righteous bill, and ought to be passed; and I
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to
take it up and pass it now. It will take but a
minute. It is Senate bill No. 83G, for the
relief of Jane Allen Birckliead.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey asks unanimous consent to
take up the bill indicated by him, subject to
objection and to a demand for the regular
order. The Chair hears no objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Jane
Allen Birckliead, daughter and heir at law of
Alexander Watson, deceased, the sum of
$51,000, for property lost, captured, or de-
stroyed in Floridaduringthelndian hostilities,
commencing iti 1835.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill
i with an amendment, in line four, to strike out
the words "daughter and heir at law" and
insert the words "and other heirs at law;"
and in line seven, to strike out " fifty-one"
and insert " thirtyso that the bill will read :
That the Secretary of tho Treasury be directed to
pay to Jane Allen Birck'nead and other heirs at lasv
of Alexander Watson, deceased, out, of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sura
of 330,000, for pioperty lost, captured, or destioyed
in Floridaduring the Indian hostilities, commencing
in 1835.
