1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1267
reached that status which entitles them to this
recognition I have already shown. But is the
contest one which deserves the name of war?
This, too, has been indirectly answered ; yet I
will present some direct proof which certainly
cannot be disputed.
On the 8th day of last December Captain
General De Rodas issued a decree establishing
the telegraph money service, in which he used
these words. J
" On account of the political situation and the dam-
gee caused by the insurrection the stations where
this service can be carried on are, for the present,
limited to tho following."
Then follows a list of places all of which are
situated on the western half of the island, and
not one within the limits of the disputed terri-
tory. If- then, Spain is unable to protect and
carry on her government operations within this
part of the island how is she to protect foreign
trade and intercourse? Is this not an absolute
concession by the highest officer of the island ,
that a war does exist, even in the most rigid
legal sense?
"On the '24th of March previous General Dulce,
then in command, issued the following procla-
mation:
"It being necessary for the better service of the
State, and with the tirm determination that the insur-
rection already held in check by the force of arms in
the interior shall receive no exterior aid that may
contribute to its prolongation and to the ruin of prop-
erty, industry, and commerce, using the extraor-
dinary and discretional power in me vested by the
supreme Government of tho nation, I decree the
following:
" Vessels which may be captured in Spanish waters
oron the high seas near the island, having on board
men, arms, and munitions, or effects that can in any
manner contribute, promote, or foment the insurrec-
tion in this province, whatever their derivation or
destination, after examination of their papers and
register, shall be de facto considered as enemies of
the integrity of our country, and treated as pirates
in accordance with the ordinances of the navy. All
persons captured in such vessels, without regard to
their number, will be immediately executed."
A high-handed measure, truly; a declaration
of war against the commerce of the world : a
clean sweeping of the Gulf and the ocean. But
this was not all, for on the 7th of July follow-
ing General De Rodas issued another decree,
the first article of which is as follows :
"There shall continoeclosed to import and export
trade, as well for vessels in foreign commerce as also
those in the coasting trade, all the ports situated
from Cayo Bahia de Cadiz to Punta Mayso, on the
north, and from Punta Mayso to Cienfuegos on the
south, with the exception of those of, &c., in which
there are established sustom-liouses or collection
offices. Those who attempt to enter the closed ports
or to hold communication with the coast shall bo
pursued, and on being apprehended, prosecuted as
infractors of the law."
Now, sir, here is the very step taken which
is an admission that a state of war exists, and
that it is necessary to #close the ports against
commerce to carry on the contest with hope of
success. It in fact shows that the Spanish
authorities treat that as a war which the Uni-
ted States has all the time treated as only a
civil commotion. It is assuming powers and
rights over the trade and commerce of other
nations consistent only with a state of war and
acknowledged belligerency. Spain herself has
led the way in this question, and can there be
a shadow of injustice in our according the
same thing?
But it may be contended that this was modi-
fied so as not to affect the citizens of the United
States. But, sir, does this change the fact?
Because Spain apprehends that complications
may arise, and modifies her decrees, does this
change the inference to be drawn from the
original act? I speak not of the mere legal
bearing, but of the evidence it furnishes of the
condition or status of the parties and the mag-
nitude of the contest. The withdrawal or
modification of the decrees cannot affect the
testimony furnished thereby; if it ever has
been a war it is a war yet, as it has neither
ceased nor grown less. Nor do I see that it is
our duty to warn Spain to modify her decrees,
lest they should be taken as an acknowledg-
ment of a state of war, and the parties treated
M belligerents.
Further argument is unnecessary on this
point. All attempts of Spanish officials and
agents to cover up the true condition of the
province have proved in vain. All the prom-
ises made that the insurrection would soon be
quelled are fast fading away before the news
which is constantly reaching us of the progress
of the revolution. Her reported victories, when
the truth is obtained, are turned into disgrace-
ful defeats. She cannot control the turbulence
of her own troops. How, then, is she to con-
; quer with them a determined foe fighting for
life and liberty? And what is the condition
of the home Government? A weak, decrepit
| nation in a scene of perfect anarchy and con-
fusion ; her sovereign banished from her ter-
ritory, she goes hunting among the courts of
! Europe for a royal head. Even the weak mon-
■ arch of an Italian kingdom refuses to give them
; a sprig from the royal branch. The Govern-
| ment which riveted the bonds of despotism on
, Cuba has been abolished, but the bonds of the
| ocean gem remain as firmly linked as before.
I I rejoiced, sir, when I heard the news of the
| Spanish revolution, because I trusted the fire
i of liberty had been kindled on European soil.
And even yet, though I have serious doubts as
to the result, I hope the liberal element may
prevail; but the surrounding monarchical ele-
ment will thwart the object if possible. But,
; sir, the dark blot on this movement is the treat-
! mentofCuba; while seeking freedom for them-
selves from despotic sway they draw tighter
round their island province the thongs of tyr-
anny to squeeze out coin to fill their own coffers.
The President's message says:
" To a people struggling to free themselves from
a Government they believe to be oppressive."
Believe 1 Ah I too well the Cubans know it.
Are they so dull that thirty-two year3 of per-
sistent oppression should fail to teach them
this fact? Could they live under the despotic
and cruel sway of such rulers as Tacon,
O'Donnell, and Concha and imagine them-
selves a free people? Although I had often
heretofore heard of the severe rule of Spain in
Cuba I was not aware it was so abominable
and oppressive as it is until I began recently
to examine into its history, and history, sir,
not hashed for the occasion, but written chiefly
before the present revolution began.
For thirty-two years has she waited in vain
for the right of representation in the Cortes,
being governed in the mean time by an officer
of the Crown possessing unlimited power, for
the Captain General is endowed with truly des-
potic power. Commander of the army and
marine, he has the direction of all branches of
administration, including that of the treasury ;
watches over the civil justices, regulates, and,
at will, suspends the tribunals. He is the pres-
ident of all the societies and corporations in
the island, and without his presence, or that
of those delegated by him, nothing can be done—
not even a meeting of the shareholders of a
stock company can be legally held. His pow-
ers are unlimited, as are also his functions; and
there is no remedy against him while in office.
Even since the present revolution began he
has issued a decree establishing an export
duty, an increase on import duty, and another
increase in industrial and commercial taxes.
He has ordered that all sales of all immovable
and semi-movable property shall be submitted
to the Government before they can take effect;
and that all sales of produce and other articles
of commerce for exportation, and the trans-
fers of shares of corporations and societies,
shall likewise be submitted for revision. Listen
to the words of one who wrote before this
revolution began:
"Tho sons of Cuba are persecuted, imprisoned,
buried in dungeons, banished, sentenced to for-
tresses, and condemned to death for calumnies, for
imaginary crimes of disloyalty, on no better found-
ation than flimsy suspicion or false denunciations
by infamous spies."
And yet, sir, we are told to wait, wait till
they form and maintain a stable.Government.
If there were but a hundred men striving in
the true spirit of freedom to cast off such an
accursed yoke of oppression I would say ex-
tend to them the recognition they ask. But,
sir, even this is not the full measure of the
iniquity imposed upon them. While thusbound
with galling yokes of iron they are compelled
to pay the jailor that watches over them and
gild the hand that afflicts them. In 1847 Cuba
paid $13,000,000, of which Spain received
$6,000,000; in 1857 it was raised to $17,960,000,
the mother country getting $8,000,000; in 1867
it was $32,857,000; and in 18G8 it was to
have been $44,000,000; but that levy has not
all been collected, I judge, and trust never
will be.
Sir, it has been oppression that has forced
the Cubans to revolt; they were true and faith-
ful subjects so long as their grievances were
endurable. Hear the warning words of Saco,
a son of Cuba, to the mother country, two years
before the standard of revolt was raised :
" I foresee a catastrophe near at hand in case Spain
persists in remaining deaf to the just reclamation of
the Cubans. Look at the old cojonies of the Ameri-
can continent; all have ended in conquering their
independence. Let Spain not forget this lesson ; let
the Government be just to the colonies that remain.
Thus she will consolidate her dominion over peoplo
who aspiro only to be good sons of a worthy mother,
but who are not willing to live slaves under thescepter
of a tyrant."
The warning was not heeded. The only answer
to such a noble appeal was the imposition of
additional burdens.
Sir, it is the appeal from such men as this
that comes across the straits to us forsympathy.
From us they have learned to love liberty;
from us they have learned the benefits and
blessings of a free country and self-government.
And it is but natural that they should desire to
acquire and enjoy them. With wistful eyes they
look across the narrow channel that separates
us from them, asking only that the rights of war
be accorded them. But instead of this they
have seen the hands of their tyrannical oppress-
ors furnished with new weapons for their de-
struction, while they, as a people, are driven
from our doors. Have we forgotten the names
and deeds of those who gave us aid in the time
of our greatest necessity? Sir, can we deny
this boon to a people struggling for freedom
and then look upon that figure of La Fayette
without a blush of shame?
But we are told they hold no ports and have
no prize courts. Sir, this does seem to me to be
one of the most unfair objections that could pos-
sibly be raised against them. We furnish their
oppressors with the very means which enable
them to hold these ports, then refuse to the Cu-
bans the same right of purchase, and turn round
and say, because they do not hold these ports
and establish prize courts, we cannot acknowl-
edge them as belligerents, no matter how many
victories they gain in the interior.
Sir, the reason why law-writers give prize
courts as an evidence of a state of war is that
it shows the commerce of the ocean is disturbed,
and hence maritime nations are interested.
But here the proximity of Cuba to our coast
alters the case. Our intimate relations and
trade with the interior causes us to be deeply
interested in the progress of the struggle. And
as we claim the right to decide each case by
the circumstances which surround it, we should
decide this on its own merits, and not upon
something else.
Thus far, Mr. Speaker, I have viewed this
question in its strictly technical bearings; but
there is a moral bearing which should not be
forgotten in the discussion. We claim to be
the friends of freedom and the advocates of
liberty ; we point the world to our nation as
the great type of republican Governments. Ihe
stars and stripes are the emblems of liberty,
and the people of the world, wherever the flag has
floated in the breeze, have learned to appreciate
itas such. Wouldit not bea mockery to unfurl
this glorious flag in one of the Cuban ports
beside the gun-boats which have left our shores
to crush out the struggle for liberty there—
perhaps it might be where Spanish bullets shed
