22X2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
fix any precise point; and I -will say that this
bill has been agreed upon by both companies.
They are satisfied with it, and both desire that
it should be passed. It costs the Government
of the United States nothing. The two com-
panies get a small portion of land ia addition
to what they would have obtained under their
chartey, but for the additional lands, they pay
at the rate of $2 50 an aero.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand that this
junction is a short distance from Ogden.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
tune, and passed.
- ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Sir. HA.MLIN. The necessity of a session
to-morrow I think is so important that I want
a vote on that motion by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. My vote will depend some-
what upon the question of whether we shall
dispose ol the claim of General Ames to his
seat on this floor. I do not think we ought to
adjourn oyer Saturday with that personal claim
still pending, after this long delay. There are
other public masons |luil I do not wish to a]lude
to. That, I think, in sufficient.
i lie question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 00, nays *J1 j as follows :
YLiAb Messrs. Uay.vrd, Uorcmau, iivownlow,
Cameron.. Ci y«crly, Ciiamllev, Davis, denton, Verrv,
(niocrt. ilnnnltoii. Harris, Howard,Howell. Kollos^,
Lewis, AloUrccry, Morrill ol Muino, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morion, Patterson, l>ool, Itov-
o:s, ito-s Niliiii^, rftiofh Spra^nc, Stockton, Wnmncr,
f •i"urm:ui' t'U>ton, Trumbull, and Viek-
iSAiH—Mrj.sriJ. Abbott. Anthony, Buckingham,
Co.o. Oonklm.T, Corbett, Cragin, Hamlin, Harlan,
McDonald, iSiorlon, Nye, Osborn, Poiueroy, Uico,
fehermau, okowart, Warner, Willuy, Williams, smd
wilson—21.
^BHENT-Mcjwrs. Carpenter, Cattcil, Drake, JiJd-
muucls, bowler, Howo, Johnston, Robertson, y.uiLv-
bury, Sawyer, bpenocr, and Yatos—12.
So the motion was agreed to.
CllANUH Ot-' HULKS.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following order
ami ask for its present consideration :
That 1 lio select Coiumitlco on tho Kulc.s
bo instructed to Consider the expediency of adopting
Pt1* t 01 remainder of tho session providing
that wnenoyor any bill ha> boon considered for two
days tho question on ordering it to a third reading
may bo ordered by a two-thirds vote of tho Senators
present and voting-.
Mr. TIlUIiMAN. I object.
'L'he PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, it will lie over.
fcAND DISTRICTS IN DAKOTA.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that tho Senate
proceed to tho consideration of Senate bill
No. 570. It will consume no time.
Ihcre being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 5/9) to create additional land
districts in the Territory of Dakota, to be called
the SpringfieH and Pembina districts.
imi • 0,1 Public Lands reported
the bill with amendments. The first amend-
ment was in section one, lino eleven, to strike
out the words "intersection of the Missouri
river," and to insert '-'west line of the Terri-
tory."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, line
twelve, to strike out the words i'said stream,
and including the islands in the same," and
to insert "said line to the southern line of the
Territory; thence east."
, The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line seventeen, to strike out the words "in
Bonhomme county" and to insert "or such
place as the President shall direct in the."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
lines twenty-three and twenty-four, to strike
out the words " line between ranges sixty- eight
and sixty-nine west of the fifth principal merid-
ian' ' and to insert1' west line of the Territory.''
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was in section one,
line twenty-eight, after the word "Pembina,"
to insert "or at such place as the President
shall direct."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
lines thirty and tliirty"-one, to strike out the
words " and the boundaries of the several land
districts."
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment -was in section two,
line eight, after the word "Territory," to strike
out the following words:
Sufficient monoyto meet incidental expenses of
the offices, and compensation for the registers and
receivers herein provided for, during the current
nsoal year and tho ^fiscal year ending June 30, 1871,
is hereby appropriated out of any. moneys in tho
.treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, reads as follows:
Bo it cnactcd, &c„ That the President of the United
States be, and ho is hereby, authorized to establish
additional land districts in tho Territory of Dakota,
which districts shall bo respectively bounded as fol-
lows, namely : commencing on tho Missouri river at
tho intersection ot tho lino botweon ranges fifty-
seven and fil'ty-oight west; thence north with said
range lino to tho intersection of tho lino between
townships ono hundred and twenty and one hundred
anu twenty-one north; theneoweston said township
lino to the west lino of tho Territory; thence down
saul hneto thosouthornlinoof thoTorritory; thcnco
eastto the plaeo of beginning. Said district.as above
bounded, shall bo known and designated as the
mnuigiield district; and tho office of said district
snail be located at tho town of Springfield, or such
plnco as the President shall direct,in the Territory
ol Dakota; that portion of tho Territory bounded as
loltow.--,namely; on tho east by the western bound-
ary ot the State of Minnesota; on tho south by tho
lino botweon townships one hundred and twenty and
ono hundred and twenty-ono north; on tho if oat by
the west lino of the Territory, and on tho north by
tho forty-ninth degree of north latitude, which dis-
trict shall bo known as tho Pembina district; and
too oliico of saiddistrict shall bolocatedat thotown
ot Pembina, or at such place as the President shall
direct in said Territory; and tho President of the
United (states sliaU hare power to change tho loea-
Uon ot said land offices in said Territory from timo
to tune as tho public interests mavsncm to wmiiw
....     • "  ,V. . AVUHUiy J.1UIU uuio
•° tim® as thei public interests may seem to require.
, bUC. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That thePresidenfc
13 hereby authorized to appoint, by and with the
ndvico and consent of the Senate, registers and re-
con cis tor said land districts, who shall be rcouircd
to u'muo at the s-ito of their respective offices, havo
the same power, responsibilities:, and emoluments,
and be subject to the same acts and penalties which
are or may be prescribed by kiw in relation to other
land oluecs m said Tenitoiy.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
PUBLIC LANDS IN SOUTHERN STATUS.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask unanimous consent
to take up Senate joint resolution No. 73.
There being 110 objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of tho Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. ft. No. 73) for
^disposal of tlle l1ublic lan<3s in the States
i a01i ' Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
and Arkansas. It provides that hereafter all
the public lands in the States of Florida, Ala-
bama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Arkansas
shall be subject to disposal under the home-
stead laws, by preemption, by sale, and by loca-
tion, under the same general ljiws as now gov-
ern the public lands in other States and Terri-
tories.
The^ Committee on Public Lands reported
the joint resolution with an amendment, to
strike out in line six, after the word " preemp-
tion/' the words "by sale," and at the end
of the joint resolution to insert the following
words: "
Excepting and reserving only such reservations
privateuser appropriated to public or
Mr. WILSON. By law at the present time,
as I understand, the lands in those States are
to be taken up in eighty acre lots instead of
one hundred and sixty acres. If this resolu-
tion changes that law, passed immediately after
tho rebellion, I am opposed to it. I think the
land had better bfe disposed of in eighty acre
lots than one hundred and sixty acre lots,
especially in that section of the country.
Mr. OSBORN. The law to which the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts refers expired by
limitation within two years after its "passage,
and by the instructions of the Department of
the Interior lands are now entered in those
States the sains as in other States. So it is
in Florida ; entries are made of eighty acres
within railroad grant lifcits and of one hundred
and sixty acres elsewhere. The Commissioner
of the General Land Office has requested that -
this joint resolution be passed so as to clear
the record more perfectly from the restrictions
of the law of-I860.
Mr. WILSON. Then what is there in this
resolution that is not in the law now? If that
act has expired, what is there here that there
is not now in the regular laws?
Mr. PQMfiROY. Persons cannot enter any
of these lands by private entry; this resolution
dedicates- them all to-homestead.and preemp-
tion. Now, public, lands that have been offered
at public sale can afterward bo entered at pri-
vate entry. They can in other States, but not
in those. We have struck out the words " by
sale," so as to dedicate these lands to home-
steads and preemptions and nothing else.
Mr. WILSON. Well, I agree to that.
Mr. HARLAN. Let the resolution be re-
ported again as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theresolu-
tion will be read as amended.
The Seoratary read the joint resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suggest the substitution
ol the word "or" for "and the" in the amend-
ment, so as to read'"reservations or grants."
It seems to me that would make it more defi-
nite. Now it is in the conjunctive, and may
lead to confusion.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that should be
done.
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope that amendment
will bo concurred in.
I. he PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire of the chairman
of the committee what is meant by the com-
mittee by the use of the words " by location?"
Mr. POMEROY. It means such portions
of these lands as have been offered at public
sale a preomptor may locate with a land war-
rant. He cannot locate agricultural college
scrip now, but he can a land warrant on his
preemption. That is what the committee
intend by it. If it does not express that it is
because thecommittee havo not expressed their
intention.
. The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands as modified.
as m°dified, was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. If the committee intend to
prohibit the sale of these lands under the gen-
eral laws itwould be better so to state explicit-
ly. It the Senator from Florida [Mr. OsboksJ
is right, the special act to which reference has
been made has expired by limitation, and of
course the general laws go into effect. The
passage of this resolution does not seem to he
to repeal any of the general laws, and hence it
will of course be nugatory. If the chairman
ot the committee desires to prohibit the sale
ot the public lands in the States named and to
confine their disposition only to homestead
settlers and preijmptors, I think it ought to be
stated. Perhapsthat might be effected by put-
ting m the word "only" before the phrase-
ology describing the mode of disposing of the
lands.
. PRESIDING OFFICER. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it beeomcs th^'lhity
°t? , Chair to call tip the unfinished business,
which ig the resolution of the Committee on tho
Judiciary on the credentials of Adelbert Ames.
