504.4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to hear an
explanation of that.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a bill appropriat-
ing over fifty thousand dollars. We certainly
ought to have a report upon it.
Mr. STOCKTON. I beg the Senator's pardon;
the committee have not reported for $50,000,
but on an examination of the matter have
reduced the amount to $30,000. The Senator
from West Virginia, who reported it, can state
the facts much better than I can.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there a written report?
Mr. STOCKTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
report read ; but I must say that I do not think
we ought to act upon such a case as this now.
I thought it was some small bill that the Sen-
ator wanted to take up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report of
the committee will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the follow-
ing report submitted by Mr. Willey irom the
Committee on Claims on the 22d ol June :
The Committee on Claim?, to whom was referred
Sonata bill No. 836. for tho relief of Jane Allen
Birckhoad, having considered the same, bog leave to
submit the following leport:
In 1842 Alexander Watson presented to the benato
and House of Representatives a memorial sotting
forth that in 1830 ho purebnsed a tract of land on tho
Suwancc, in tho State of Florida, tor tho purpose ot
establishing a sugar plantation there; that lie largely
improved the samo for that purpose, and erected
thereon an elegant mansion and other tenements,
and extensive and costly sugar works, costing him,
including tho value of the labor of himself and ser-
vants, upward of forty-two thousand dollars ; that
ho had well stocked thesame with cattle, hogs, horses,
ire., and was successfully and largely engaged in
raising sugar and other commodities in ISiw, when
the Indian war of that year broke out; that ho hau
always cultivated tho friendship of the Indians, who
often visited his place previous to tho war, and ho
believed, and always believed, that his kind treat-
ment of them had an effect, and his efforts to con-
eiliatc them v/ero so successful, that thejMVoum not
have molested him, if ho had been permitted to re-
main on his premises and take carc o< them; that
m 1836, during said Indian war. he was compelled by
one Major McLemoro to leavehis said premises, and
remove, with his slaves, into the inteiior; that Uic
military authorities, by command ot said AleJiemore,
took possession of his mansion and other buildings,
and converted them into places of deposit for mil-
itary stores, &c., and seizedand usedhio stock,fu^ar,
salt, and all his personal property on saul premises ;
and that, in consequence thcreot, the Indians were
provoked to destroy his said buildings by iuo; and
that, butfor said soizuro and occupancy of pnul prom-
ises as places of deposit, no such destruction would
havo taken place;" wherefore, hechumcdthat there
was a liability on the part of the United states to
indemnify him for the loss thus occasioned.
On the 22d July, 1812, tho Senate ot the United
States, in response to >-aid memorial, parsed a bill as
follows 
Mr. SHERMAN. I have heard enough of
that. I object to tho consideration of the hill.
I think we had better now go 011 with the reg-
ular order. There is a quorum present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Senator from
Ohio objects to the bill. The Chair will receive
a message from the House of Representatives.
message from the iioush.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had agreed to some
and disagreed to other amendments of the
Senate to the hill (H. R. No. 11G9) making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations (so called) with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1871, and for other purposes, asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. aaron
A. Saiigext of California, Mr. Jambs B. Beck
of Kentucky, and Mr. Sidney Clarke of Kan-
sas, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had non-concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses upon the bill (8. No. 378)
to provide a national currency of coin notes,
and to equalize the distribution of circulating
notes ; that it farther insisted on its amend-
ments to the said bill, and asked a further con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. N. B.
Jodd of Illinois, Mr. JohnB. Packer of Penn-
sylvania, and Mr. J. Proctor Knott of Ken-
tucky, managers at the same on its part.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
bills and joint resolution ; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 32) to prevent the extermina-
tion of fur-bearing animals in Alaska;
A bill (S. No. 834) to create a port of deliv-
ery at Vallejo, California; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 1G3) for the
relief of certain officers of the Navy.
indian appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. II. No. 11G9) making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations (so called) with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1871, and for other purposes, disagreed to
by the House of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
lleiolmd, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ment to the said bill, disagreed to by tho House ot
Hepresentatives, and agree to the conference askod
by tho House on tho disagreeing votes 01 tho two
liousos thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by tho Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Moitniixof Maine,Mi'.Harlan, and Mr.DAVis.
national currency".
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to tho
biil (S. No. 378) to provide a national currency
of coin notes, and to equalize the distribution
of circulating notes.
O11 motion by Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Hesohcd, That tho Senate further disagree to tho
amendment of tho House of Kcprescntatives to the
said bill, and agree to the further conference aslced
by tho House on tho disagreeing votes of tho two
Houses thereon.
It was, by unanimous consent,
Ordered, That tho conferees on tho part of the
Senate bo appointed by the Vico President,
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Sir.
Williams, Mr. Morton, and Mr. Bayard as
the second committee of conference on the
part of the Senate.
habcock's patent.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask the consent of the
Senator lioin Ohio to report from the Com-
mittee 011 Claims, without amendment, the bill
(S. No. 921) granting jurisdiction to the Court
of Claims in a certain cause involving the right
to the use of a patent. I wish to get the mat-
ter off my hands, and as it will lead to 110
debate I hope the Senator will allow me to put
it on its passage now. I ask for its present
consideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If we are to have the
regular order I think lam entitled to the floor.
That matter will lead to debate and explana-
tion, and will take time.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It cannot. It is a matter
of very little consequence.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We cannot tell whether
it is or not until we hear it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I can state it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. If the Sen-
ator from Ohio wants to devote the evening to
this sort of business, well and good.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This matter has been
before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But that is no reason it
ought to be considered now.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is a matter in which a
citizen is interested in connection with the
Government. The Government hasbeen using
a patent bronzing-machine, and the Treasury
Department has not been able to adjust tho
claim. The Committee on Claims were unani-
' mous in the opinion that to adjust these rights
of a citizen was a proper function of the Court
of Claims. „ ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be reported, subject to a
demand for the regular order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows :
Be it enacted, &c.. That jurisdiction is hereby con-
ferred upon tho Court of Claims to try a certain
claim of one George II. Babcock against the United
States for an alleged infringement of his rights as
patonteo of a certain right for a bronzmg-machmo
secured by letters-patent of tho United States, dated
October 25,1859, to the said Babcocls, and for the use
of tho same; and for this purpose the said court shall
have all the powers granted to the circuit courts ot
tho United States for the trial of infringements of
patent rights, and tho judges of the.said_ Court ot
Claims shall havo all the powers of a jury in similar
cases in said circuit courts, the object of this act
being to give to the said iiabcoek tho sanie rights as
would belong to him in a liko action m tho said cir-
cuit courts against any private party.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I ask if there is any pre-
cedent for that. I do not like to object, but I
should liko to know whether any precedent
can be found for such legislation.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Committee on Claims
have given jurisdiction to the Court of Claims
in just such eases.
Mr. CONIILING. Does the Senator say
that there are other cases in which, by act of
Congress, jurisdiction has been given to some
tribunal to try the question whether the Uni-
ted States has infringed upon one of its own
patentees ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. There are two cases; I
have not got them before me, but they were
considered by the Committee on Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not objecting to the
consideration of this claim; that is for the
chairman of the Committee 011 Finance; but
if it is to be considered, I have something to
say.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I insist on tho reg-
ular order, and I wish to say to Senators now
that I do not consider myself bound to be q.n
objector.
tax bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
is the consideration of House bill No. 2045, to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
which is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, the pending question being on tho
amendment of the Senator from New York
[Mr. Conkling] to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Schtoz,] on which
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] is
entitled to the floor for four minutes remain-
ing of his five minutes.
Air. EDMUNDS. I think I ought to appeal
to the Senate to have it all in a lump. I will
take part of my four minutes to say that I do
not know anything about this particular ca.se
called up by tho Senator from Rhode Island, and
I would not object to it; but as a precedent of
allowing the Court of Claims to try torts against
the United States it is worthy of a good deal
of consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
York to the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I can only observe in ref-
erence to this case that here was a machine
taken from the Patent Office and used in the
Treasury Department, and after It had been
used the Secretary of the Treasury acknowl-
edged its use, butin consequence of its having
been used by a previous officer he refused to
give compensation, and advised action on the
part of Congress. The Committee 011 Claims,
rather than go into an investigation as to the
amount of compensation which it was the duty
of the Treasury Department itself to determine,
in consequence of the want of time and the
want of evidence sufficiently before them, ad-
judged it best, as a mere liquidation of the
amount which everybody conuected with the
affair knows is justly due, to submit it to the
Court of Claims.
Mr. CRAG IN. Mr. President—
