1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3157
sem-ioo
& 11 >:«  i  u-m
o" Si-?nch flues - 68 91-100 101 67-100
j&Sg rtaf^tit^'T00per cent.
DS-MCnTbV,;ees.P?.U.n.d: 66 2-100 *61-100
On s'-?n°h Sues  78 3WOO 100 63-100
On 3-inch flues...  T5 4MW 111 21-100
On SHnch flues  82 72-100 115 40-100
Average vahrrm, 76 38-100 per ecnt.
Average totnl protection, 106 3-100.
AH the shore calculations baaed on gold at 15 per
cent, premium.
Now, I put it to the House that upon an
article entering so largely into human con-
sumption as tubes and flues, a duty of 8 cents
a pound is enormous. I hold iu my hand a
long remonstrance upon this subject, from the
boiler makers of the country. They say:
" The action of your committee in fixing tho duty
 t 3 cents per pound on tube? and flues is an increase
of (bout 10 per cent, on the cost of flues on the other
ride, the present duty being 2J cents per pound on
flues, and 31 cents per pound on tubes. The appar-
ent reduction of one half cent per round on tubes
still leaves the duty on this article 'prohibitory'
while the ndranee of one half cant per pound on
flues, in addition to the present excessive duty, jve
regard as very detrimental to our interests. To sire
vou an idea of how important an item the flues are
m r boiler, we annex a memorandum taken from our
books of several land and marine boilers constructed,
by as, namely:
One horixontal boiler: :
Cost ot boiler iron    $341 64 j
Cost of lap-welded boiler flues- — 5S5 65 |
Two horiiontal boilers: I
Cost of boiler iron    592 39
Cost of lap-welded boiler flues —...... 744 00
One horiiontal boiler: ,
Cost of boiler iron.—...,   117 42
Cost of lap-welded boiler flues   119 09
Two horizontal boilers!
Cost of boiler ir«n.~.,..i    G30 08
Cost of lap-welded boiler flues - 884 00
two Marine boilers: _ ;
Cost of boiJer iron ..«   - 11,500 00 j
Cost of lap-welded boiler flues -  3,500 00 I
One marine boiler: 1
Cost of boiler iron   -  4,050 00
Costof lap-welded bailer flues—    1,285 00
"In six 'stationary' boilers bere enumerated, em-
ployed for manufacturing and mechanical purposes,
it will be seen that the cost of tie lap-welded boiler
fines exceeds the cost of the iron by nearly 50 per
cent., while in'marine boilers' the proportionate cost
is very much less; but it must be remembered that 1
where one' marine' boiler is built there are at least j
one hundred 'stationary' or ' land' boilers con- i
stracted. And when it is remembered that this is ,
the 'a^e of steam,' that no mechanical or manufac- j
taring pursuit of any magnitude can be carried on '
without its aid, the tribute which the nation pays to !
support the three manufacturers of lap-welded boiler :
flues in Pennsylvania and the one in Massachusetts, !
(the latter but just started.) must appear to any one '
who will take time to refleet upon it as excessive |
beyond all reason or propriety. !
"Itistruethntlap-welded boiler flues are not used
in all boilers; but the principal reasob they are not
is their high cost, owing to the enormous duty levied
upon than. They are, as every one at all conversant
with the subject knows, much more economical in
space and fuel and capable of sustaining a much
greater pressure of steam by reason of the increased
strength imparted by the flues acting as so many
braces or stays."
Now, in behalf of the boiler-makers through-
out all parts of the country, in behalf of those
who use steam, gas, and water-pipes, I hope
this duty will be reduced to 2 J cents per pound.
Three cents per pound is an enormous duty.
There are but three establishments in the Uni-
ted Statps that now manufacture these articles:
two of thejn are in the State of Pennsylvania,
and one in Boston. They so manage their
easiness that whenever the foreign manufac-
ture comes into competition with them they
lower their prices, and when they have driven
out the foreign article they raise their price.
Inns the monopoly is secured to these three
manufacturing establishments. This duty is
wholly or mainly for their benefit, not for the
revenue; it is largely prohibitory. It is a-duty
which ought not to be sanctioned by the
House.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from New
Jork [Mr. Brooks] hag been .most egregiously
deceived by his informant. He says there are
in the country only three establishments manu-
facturing these pipes and tubes. There are two
?neh establishmentain my district, and another
immediately on the borders of it. There is an
immense establishment in the district of my
colleague from Heading, [Mr. Gets.] There
are twenty such establishments in my State
alone. There are such establish meats in New
York and all over New England.
The bill proposes a reduction in the duty.
At present the duty is 2} cents per pound on 1
flues and 3J cents on tubes. I have before me
whole nests of them. The committee had before
them importers, manufacturers, and consum-
ers, and none of them could give us the means
of distinguishing between a tube and a flue.
The law was originally 2J cents on both. It was
increased to 3} cents under the name of tubes
only. After that we imported no tubes, although
we imported more of the. same article which
had come in as tubes. They were shipped as
flues. And this important thing has happened,
that the representative of Krupp, the great
German manufacturer of steel and iron, ap-
pealed to the Committee of Ways and Means
to make both bear the same duty, in order that
his concern might deal with American con-
sumers. He stated to the committee through
its chairman that they could send their goods
into London and sell them, but could not sell
them in the United States, by reason of the
fact that the British houses shipped them all
as flues and swore them through the custom-
houses. Every article before me to-day is
paying 3i cents per pound, and there are twenty
varieties. The Secretary of the Treasury was
deceived into deciding that part of them were
flues and part of them tubes; but after the
Treasury had paid back nearly one hundred
thousand dollars in gold the decision was
reversed.
The bill is not as the gentlemau from New
York [Mr, Brooks] represents, a bill to in-
crease the duty, but to decrease the duty from
3} to 3 cents pdr pbund. No living man can
distinguish between those two articles as to
whether one is a tube and the other £t flue.
They are made of the same kind of iron, made
by the same process, and used for the same
purpose. If imported from Germany, tbey are
tubes. If made in New York, they are tubes.
If imported from England, they are sworn to
be flues, as part of the English cOmrriercial sys-
tem. So that to adopt the gentleman's amend-
ment is to give England a monopoly of her
market against the American and continental
producer. I have heard a good deal about
monopolies 
A Umber. ~ Is there bo difference between
tubes and flues?
Mr. KELLEY. There is no difference. Wa
had manufacturers, consumers, and importers
before us, and no nan of them could assign
any difference between them. At the custom-
house the sole difference is as to whether they
are made in England or elsewhere. If made
in England they pay 2J cents per pound. If
made in Belgium or Prussia they pay 8J cents.
The result is that the Belgium or Prussian
producer is driven out of our markets. This
is simply an attempt on the part of the com-
mittee to close the door on massive frauds and
reduce the duty on a leading article from 3| to
3 cents.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to say that I
hope the amendment will not prevail.
fhe CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to make it
cents for the purpose of makingan explanation.
There was a time when this word flues Was not
used in reference to all these articles. They
were all considered tubes, as they are really so
in one sense as the generic term. They began
to be made to a considerable exteht in this
country, and as the gentleman has represented,
a better class of tubes, thicker, of welded iron,
not riveted.
message from tub sen at 6.
The committee informally rose; and Mr.
Scofield having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, a message was received from the
Senate, by Mr. Hamlin, one of its clerks, noti-
fying the House that that body agreed to the
amendment of the House to a bill (S. No. 684)
to change the time of holding the circuit and
district courts of the United States for the
district of Wisconsin.
the tariff.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. SCHENCK. The difficulty began when
we distinguished them into tubes and flues.
Unfortunately one day, in legislating on this
subject, flues were put at one rate of duty and
tubes at another. 1 he duty had been formerly,
by the act of 1842, on tubes 5 cents per pound.
By subsequent legislation the rates went up and
down, being sometimes specific and sometimes
ad valorem. Iu 18G5 the rate was 2} cents,
but by the act of 3d March, 1865, the duty was
raised to 3J cents on tubes, which were con-
strued to mean flues also. Finally, flues and
tubes were distinguished from each other, at
the rates at which they stand in the existiug
law, flues being put at 2J cents per pound
and tubes at 3J cents, because it was claimed
that there was a distinction between them,
one being for water pipes and purposes of
that kind, and the other for lighter uses. As
soon as the articles were distinguished as
flues and tubes, the manufacturers discovered
that they were all tubes and ought to pay 3J
cents per pound, while the importers discov-
ered that they were all flues, and ought to pay
only 2J cents. And this ridioulous difference
went so far with reference to those articles, that
on one occasion, when we called in a manufac-
turer and showed him the specimens now on
the desk of my colleague [Mr. Kbllby] he
pronounced them tubes, and when immediately
afterward we called in an importer, he looked
at them and pronounced them flues. Those
who wanted them to come in at 2^ cents called
them flues; those who wanted them to come in
at 3} cents called them tubes*
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Can the gentleman telL
ns what is the difference?
Mr. SCHENCK, We spent some days in
trying to discover where the difference lay.
Some said it was in reference to the thickness
or weight; but we found that that was no rule.
Some said that it depended upon whether they
were welded or not; but we found on examin-
ation that that was no rule. And we came to
the conclusion that we would take the duty on
flues at 21 cents and on tubes at 3J cents, and
would mase one rate, as formerly was the case,
and put it at the average between them. That
is the explanation of the 3 cents per pound.
The principle value is in the articles of the
better kind which are now universally called
tubes, and not so mnch in the flues. But we
have put tubes and flues together, because so
long as you permit them to be imported under
different names at different rates of duty you
will find that the higher class is sworn down
into the lower and the invoices will be framed
accordingly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether he can give the House any information
which will enable them to judge which of these
articles are tubes and which are flues?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have explained what
our difficulties were in drawing a distinction
between them. We had an importer and a
manufacturer within one hour before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and the one took
up one of those, articles and pronounced it a
flue, while the other took up the same article
and pronounced it a tube.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And they could not tell
you what was the difference?
Mt. SCHENCK. No, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Can the chairman of th®
Committee of Ways and Means tell us?
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 do not pretend to know,
I do not believe that there is any substantial
difference. I believe the only difference to be
that two rates of duty having been made, that
