1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1269
communicate to this House whatever official reports
li ive b-i'ii recently received by bis Department from
General JC. Davis, l/iiitcd States Army, coin-
luandiuc in tlio territory of Alaska, in relation to the ;
interests oi'the Government in that torritory. |
Mr. KER11 moved to reconsider the vote '
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the special order,
being the annual appropriation bill for legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses.
The motion was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Blair in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the special order, being the
bill (H. 11. No. 974) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1871.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
rose the following paragraph was under con-
sideration :
Fur pay of superintendent and assistants in Botanic
Garden and greenhouses, under the direction of the
Library Committee of Congress, §11,296.
Mr. AXTELL. I move to amend, in the
two hundred and twenty-first and two hundred
and twenty-second lines, by striking out the
words " Library Committee of Congress" and
inserting the words " Commissioner of Agri-
culture ; ' so that the paragraph will read :
For pay ofsuperintendent and assistants in Botanic
Garden and greenhouses, under the direction of the
Commissioner of Agriculture, $11,296.
Mr. MAYNARD. .1 rise to a point of order,
that this amendment proposes to change exist-
ing law, and is in the nature of new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not aware
that there is an existing law which this would
change.
Mr. MAYNARD. By the present law the
charge of the Botanic Garden is attached to
Congress by being put under the direction of
the joint Committee on the Library, wjiich has
had the charge of it from the beginning. This
amendment proposes to take it away from Con-
gress and place it under the charge of the
Department of Agriculture, and therefore pro-
poses to change the existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. AXTELL. Then I move to amend the
paragraph by striking out the last word. I do
this to enable me to be in order in the few
remarks I desire to offer, and which shall be
very brief.
We have a Commissioner of Agriculture.
We have also, as will be seen by reference to
page 37 of this bill, a superintendent of experi-
mental gardens and grounds. We also have
a public gardener. And here we have a super-
intendent of the Botanic Garden, with various
assistants. There are some four or five super-
intendents for the very small quantity of ground
which we have here under the care particularly
of Congress for this purpose—the purpose not
only of the ornamentation of this city, but of
saving and distributing seeds and plants to the
country.
It will be observed that wherever the word
'superintendent" occurs there is a salary of
from $1,400 to $1,800; that wherever the word
"assistant" occurs there is a salary of from
$1,200 to $1,400. I think we could well dis-
pense with these high salaries; for it will be
observed that where the word " laborer" oc-
curs, the man who does the work under the
direction of these people, the salary is some
seven or eight hundred dollars only, never
exceeding $900. And I say we can accom-
plish the object by having the whole of this
under the direction of the Commissioner of
Agriculture, atid the superintendent of the
propagating garden, better than by having
another little patch of ground lower down,
under the care of another superintendent, with
various assistants, in addition to the public
< gardener, with his assistants. This matter is
1 spoken of lightly, because it is said that the
discussion is one which occurs annually. And
when gentlemen ask for economy in this mat- !
ter, they are told that they are cutting off little
leaks and deficiencies, and neglecting the
" weightier matters of the law." I think, Mr.
Chairman, it is a very weighty matter that we
employ more men than is necessary to care
for these gardens and grounds.
In the debate of Saturday in this House it
was said that the propagation of useful plants
for the country generally was carried on in this
garden. We know that that is carried on in
the propagating garden, under the direction
of the Commissioner of Agriculture. Now, it
would be not only in the interest of economy, but
would render these various gardens more effi-
cient if we placed them under the control of one
man, with a competent salary, who well under-
stands his business. It seems to me that this
is a matter well worthy of our consideration.
If Congressmen are to be made the distributors
of little packages of seed through the country ;
if a little package of forty papers of tobacco
seed, weighing a quarter of a pound, is to be
given to a member of Congress who has forty
thousand votes in his district; if a few beans,
a few ounces of onion seed, and a little ramie
ii seed are to be peddled out this way through
, members of Congress—I think it would be bet-
ter if they should all go from one department,
that we should obtain all at one time, and dis-
charge this duty without being bothered with
separate packages from the agricultural gar-
dener, the propagating gardener, and the
botanic gardener.
Mr. PETERS. I understand the drift of
the gentleman's argument to be that the office
of superintendent filled by Mr. Smith is use-
less. Mr. Smith receives $1,440 per annum
for his services. He performs services for the
discharge of which no gentleman in the United
i States is his superior. Ho has sent into the
; State of which the gentleman who has just
li spoken is one of the Representatives—he has
lj sent into that State within a year one hundred
I! and fifty different varieties of the grapevine.
He has got from all over Europe, without a
! dollar's expense, excepting that of transporta-
: tion, slips and cuttings of new varieties which
| he has propagated; and he has endeavored
i from this center, as by a process of irradiation,
j to send these through the members of Con-
j! gress all over the country. He is performing
; a s.ervice for which the Commissioner of Agri-
i culture has probably neither the taste nor
j the inclination, nor, I will venture to add, the
i, capacity. This man, who receives $1,440—and
j his salary has not been raised during the war
!, nor since the inception of the office—in some
I other situations would receive a much larger
j salary; but he is very fond of the place here
j; and is an enthusiast in his profession. Now,
j; it might be a question if it were in the begin-
ning whether this service which is now under
i the care of the Committee on the Library is
I! sufficiently useful to the Government to be
worth the expense; but we have got it upon
our hands. Commodore Wilkes brought the
seeds of it from his expedition, and this gar-
den was first provided for in an appropriation
bill under the care of the Committee on the
Library.
Mr. AXTELL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. PETERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. AXTELL. Does the gentleman give it
as a reason why we should keep up this office
, that this man is very fond of his situation ? Is
not that true also of all these men who are
employed about Washington?
Mr. PETERS. No, sir; but he fills his
place with an enthusiasm and a capacity such
as if we filled our places here with I think this
House might be moro serviceable to the coun-
try. If a man is an enthusiast in the duties
which he is called upon to discharge, of course
the presumption is that he will discharge those
duties better and more fully than he would if
he had no inclination or taste and but little
capacity for the place. But, sir, we are wan-
dering from the question. This man is em-
ployed at a very small compensation. He more
than earns his money. If this garden is put
under the care of the Department of Agri-
culture it will require an appropriation of as
large a sum, and perhaps even larger than
that which is now required under the care of
Mr. Smith.
I see by the Globe that the question of bou-
quets was before the House on Saturday. The
furnishing of a bouquet or two during a session
of Congress to members is no additional ex-
pense to the Government. It is no part of the
object of this appropriation. It is no part of
the foundation of this little institution. But
this Mr. Smith, who, as I have said, is an
enthusiast in his profession, while he is per-
forming his other duties, thinks that without
any expense, but with a little extra care, he
can furnish to members of Congress once or
twice during the session something that would
be agreeable to a gentleman or his family, and
if members of the House would not break it
down by the pressure which they make on him
in behalf of outside parties it would be much
more satisfactory. There are a great many
importunities made upon this little institution
through members here by parties in Washing-
ton and out of Washington. Every member is
entitled at least once a year to receive a box
of slips and cuttings to carry to his home and
plant in his own soil, something that is new
and that he can introduce into his part of the
country. That has been very valuable ; while
it might not be especially valuable to one per-
son it would be extremely valuable to another.
Why, the gentleman from California [Mr.
Axtell] who asked me a question just now
has taken the pains to go down to the garden
this year and get a very nice box of slips and
cuttings, which are worth forty or fifty dollars
cash in this market, and every other member
is entitled to the same thing during the course
of the year.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Who did the gentle-
man say had got a box of plants ?
Mr. PETEKS. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia has received a box, and I believe he is
the only member to whom a box has been issued
this session. He got it in good shape, hand-
some, and worth the money I have named, and
every other gentleman can get one. Mr. Smith
is very desirous that they shall get these slips
and cuttings, which will be new and valuable
and serviceable in the part of the country to
which they go. He says, "Hike to cut plants
which are to go into your soil and flourish ;
but I hate to cut them for gentlemen who, it
may be, have not much knowledge of botany,
when they go immediately to their graves."
Now, sir, for $1,440, with the addition of
these other sums, this man takes charge of this
institution. I did not mean to say that "gen-
tlemeo then go to their graves," as a member
near me suggests, [laughter,] but that the
plants go to their graves, and the gentlemen
follow the plants in time.
I suppose this discussion is to be had every
year on the appropriation bills. But as the only
question now is upon striking out the last word,
the word "dollars," I will say nothing more
upon the subject at present.
Mr. AXTELL. 1 withdraw my amendment;
but I desire this discussion to be very lull, and
I will take occasion before it is over to reply
to my friend from Maine, [Mr. Peters.J
Mr. LAWRENCE. I renew the amendment
for the purpose of saying a single word as to
this Botanic Garden. In the discussion of this
I subject on Saturday my friend and colleague
i from Ohio [Mr. Wilson] proposed to oorrect
| a remark I made about this garden. I am now
