1870.;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2213
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. StJMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after three
hours and, a half spent in executive session,
the doors were reopened.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day ap-
proved and signed the following bills:
An act (S. No. 133) to incorporate the Wash-
ington General Hospital and Asylum of the
District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 234) relating to acknowl-
edgments of deeds and other instruments of
writing in the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 425) to extend the time for
the completion of the lateral branch of the
Baltimore and Potomac railroad, authorized
by the act approved February 5, 1887, and to
change the location in the city of Washington
along the bank of the canal;
An act (8. No. 430) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Mail Steamboat Company;
An act (8. No. 441) prescribing the duty of
the Secretary of the Treasury in certain cases
therein named; and
An act (S. No. 383) to renew and continue
in force the charter of the Potomac Insurance
Company of Georgetown, District of Colum-
bia.
The message also announced that the Presi-
dent approved and signed, on the 24th instant,
the joint resolution (S. It. No. 150) to transfer
at* appropriation for the public printing.
message j'koii tub house.
A message from ilie House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 089) for the relief of Hull
& Cozzens, and John Nayler & Company ;
A bill (H. R. No. 702) for the "relief of
Emmor Ware ;
A bill.(H. R. No. 748) for tho relief of the
heirs of Lieutenant Colonel Humphrey M.
Woodyard, late 'of the twanty-firat Missouri
infantry;
A bill (H:,'R. No. 858)'for the relief of.
Charles C.'McCreary;
A bill (H. R. No. 1299) for the relief of
William P. Kerr;
A bill (II. R. No. 1347) for tho relief of
Charles P. Laycoek ;
A bill (II. It. No. 1G11) for the relief of
Friend A. Brainard ;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 190) for the
relief of J. Edwards Clarke, and the heirs and
legal representatives of John T. Peabody,
deceased;
A joint resolution (II. It. No. 206) for the
relief of Joseph and Matthew M. Merriani,
of Hartford, Connecticut;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 207) for the
relief of Henry N. Galpin, postmaster at Ber-
lin, Connecticut;
A. joint resolution (H. R. No. 208) for the
relief of Itoswell M. ShurtlefF, of New York:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 209) author
izing the Secretary of War to audit and pay
the claita'of Robert T.-'Kirkpatrick, a loyal cit-
izen of Tennesseeand
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 210) for the
relief of Thomas E. Scott, late postmaster at
Cerro Gordo, Illinois.
Tho message also announced that the House
Had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 221) for the relief of the
sureties of Israel T. Canby, late receiver of
public moneys at Crawfordsville, Indiana; and
A bill (S. No. 4G&) for the relief of tho owners
of (lie brig Oceant Belie.
On motion of Mr. THURMAN, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 25, 1870.
The House met at 12 o'clock, m. Prayer by
the Chaplain, Itev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
LAND LAWS roil ALASKA.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of ex-
tending and applying t.Qe land laws and Government
rsuveys of tho United States to tho Territory of
Alaska.
REPRESENTATION FROM LOUISIANA.
Mr. POLAND. _ I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I have received a paper for the purpose
of being presented to tho House from a gen-
tleman who holds a certificate of his election
as a member of this House, from the State of
Louisiana. I desire to have the communica-
tion read.
The SPEAKER. What question of privi-
lege does tho gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] raise at this time?
Mr. POLAND. I shall offer a resolution
that he be admitted to his seat.
The SPEAKER. The communication, what-
ever it may be, does not of itself involve a
question of privilege. The gentleman must
submit a specific proposition involving a ques-
tion of privilege before the Chair can rule
upon it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. If
there is no question of privilege before the
House T will insist upon tho regular order.
Tho SPEAKER. The communication, what-
ever it may be, will be in the nature of ati argu-
ment upon the question of privilege, if the
proposition which the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] may present shall involve
a question of privilege.
Mr. POLAND. L offer the following reso-
lution :
liesolved, That Adolphrt Bailey, claimingtho right
to represont tho third congressional district of the
State of Louisiana in tho liouso of Representatives
of the United States, ho admitted to a scat in this
liouso without prejudico to tho right of any person
to oontost his right to such seat according to law.
Mr. PAINE. I riso to a point of order.
The SPEAKER, Tho gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. PAINE. There was a resolution adopt-
ed by this House after the credentials of Mr.
Bailey bad been referred to the Committee of
Elections, by which the Committee of Elec-
tions were ordered to inquire into the question
whether or not any elections had been legally
and regularly held in this and other districts
of tho State of Louisiana. Tho committee were
authorized to send a sub-committee to Louis-
iana for the purpose of making the examina-
tion. A sub-committee was sent, to which was
added, by order of tho House, a member of tho
House not belonging to the regular Committee
of Elections, appointed by the Speaker. Tho
committee have made that investigation and
are preparing their report, which will in due
timo be submitted to the House, covering not
only tho prima facie right to tho seat, (which
of course depends upon the question whether
or not any election was held in the district,) but
also the entire merits of tho case.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I do not
know this gentleman who claims tho seat—
The SPEAKER. The Chair must decline
to lieaf any argument upon the right of the
claimant to the seat; but if the gentleman from
Vermont has anything to say touching the point
of order which has been raised the Chair will
indulge a remark on that.
Mr. POLAND. I wish to state precisely
what I understand to be tho facts of the case.
I understand that this gentleman holds a reg-
ular formal certificate from the Governor of
the State of Louisiana, showing th&t he was
duly elected a member of this House.' I un-
derstand that there is & contest in relation to
the validity of the election and that that
tion is before the Committee of Elections. I he
case, as I understand it, is precisely identical,
so far as the question involved is concerned,
with that of the sitting member from the State
of Louisiana, [Mr. Sheldon.] I do not under-
stand that there is any charge of personal dis-
ability or disloyalty or any other reason 
Mr. PAINE. 1 rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont is arguing the case; he is not discussing
the point of order. The Chair would iudulge
a remark upon the point of order if the gentle-
man had anything to suggest upon the point.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paike]
raises the point of order that this case has been
disposed of by the action of the House.
Mr. PAINE. I send to the Clerk's desk to
be read the resolution adopted by the House.
Mr. POLAND. This case is in precisely
the same position as that of Mr. Sheldon, of
Louisiana, whom the House voted into his seat.
The resolution I have offered is precisely iden-
tical with the resolution in the case of Mr.
Sheldos.
Tho SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
resolution of the House upon which the gentle-
man from Wisconsin bases his point of order.
Mr. PAINE. Before the resolution is read
1 will state that it was adopted bv the House
upon a report of the Committee of Elections.
The Cle'rk read as follows:
"Jlesohed, That each ofthe persons claiming seats
in tho lforty-Eirst Congress as Itepresentatives of
the several congressional districts of the State of
Louisiana, excepting such as have been or before
tho eloso of tho present session shall be reported by
t lie Committee of Utections to this House as unable
to take the oath lucscvibed in the act entitled "An
act to prescribe an oath of office, and for other pis-
poses,' approved July 2,1802, shall, on or before tSe
loth day of April, 1869, hie with tho Clerk of the liouso
a statement of tho grounds upon which he claims
such scat; and a sub-committee shall be appointed
by the Committee of Elections, with power to admin-
ister oaths, take testimony, and send for persons and
papers, to investigate the facts connected with the
late elections for Representatives in said several dis-
tricts during thorecessof Congress at such times and
places in tho State of Louisiana as thoy may determ-
ine ; and upon such investigation and upon the evi-
dence heretofore lawfully taken in said respective
cases, the Committee of Elections shall, at the next
session of Congress, report to this Housewhether the
elections in the said several districts were lawful,
regular, and valid, and which of said persons,.if any,
were lawfully elected to represent said districts re-
spectively in the Forty-First Congress, and whether
said claimants aro able to take tho oath of office pre-
scribed in said act of July 2,18S2, with a full state-
ment of the facts in each ease; and tho reasonable
andneccssary expenses of said sub-committee during
the timo they shall be engaged iu such investigation
shall ho paid out of the contingent fund of this
House."—llouse Journal, April 7,1869.
Mr. POLAND. I understand, Mr. Speaker,
that this ease, so far as concerns the question
involved, is identically the same as the cases
of one gentleman from Louisiana and two gen-
tlemen from Virginia who have been——
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule upon
the case. In tho opinion of the Chair this is
not a question of privilege, and for this rea-
son : tho IIouso has definitively acted upon it
by sending it to the Committee of Elections to
determine whether there was any valid election
in that district, and instructed tho committee
to report at this session of Congress. That
action of the House disposed of the only point
on which the gentleman from Vermont could
ground a question of privilege, that is, the
■prima facie, right of the claimant to the seat.
If the credentials in a contested case are sent
to the committee without reference to the prima,
facie case, it has been held to be a question
of privilege to raise the point whether the
claimant shall be admitted to the seat upon
th v prima facie case. But tho Chair rules that
that phase of the question was also disposed
ot in that- part of the resolution which directs
the committee to inquire whether there was
any valid election,
Mr. POLAND. I only wish to say——
The SPBAKER. The question is not before
the House. -
* Mr- POLAND. . I "would like to make a par-
liamentary inquiry in reference to this matter.
