1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Wilson.
Ho. of Reps.
Michigan, Wisconsin, and Minnesota, amount-
ing to 2,720,000, more than the combined pop-
ulation of the three States. My district con-
tains all the lumber business of Minnesota. Its
proportion, from the gentleman's calculation,
would be 90,500 hands, with their families—
302,000 persons, at least 150,000 more than
there are inhabitants in the district. It would
make each hand's product for a year 4,400 feet.
He may speak for his own lumbermen, but
mine are a much smarter set. A pair of them
would cut out his year's task in ten days with
Mr. STRICKLAND. The error arose from
the publication of my speoch in the Daily
Globe, a cipher having been inadvertently
added to the number of hands.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. It was not,
then, the gentleman's mistake; but I think
most of these calculations of manufacturing
consumers are made with inadvertence as to
figures.
But, Mr. Chairman, to return to the evil in-
flaenceof such enormous duties, the increased
cost of production militates in like manner
against the manufacturer. It requires of him
a larger capital to do the same amount of work,
atid he must consequently curtail his produc-
tion. He must, too, according to the laws of
trade, receive less per cent, of profit upon a
dear article than upon a cheap one. He must
employ fewer hands, and consequently there
are fewer consumers of agricultural products.
So with our whole State ; its manufacturing
interest is injured by the present tariff.
The progress of manufactures in the whole
country is retarded on account of tile destruc-
tion of our export trade of manufactured arti-
cles. The present system limits their sale
almost entirely to our own country. I find
that in a few articles of manufactured cotton,
iron, boots and shoes, copper and brass, car-
riages, candles, and potash and pearlash, our
export trade has fallen off between 1860 and 18G9
from some $21,000,000 to $0,000,000. The
same will be found with regard to other articles
we formerly exported. This bill should bo
entitled "An act to protect foreigners against
American competition in commerce."
ODE SHIPPING INTEREST DESTROYED.
Our commercial marine has been destroyed
by tho same means. Our flag once displayed
its gleaming folds in every port; our whitened
sails carried American jurisdiction in every
sea ; our traveler could not go so far that his
eye would not be gladdened by the stars of our
ensign. But this is no more. This great in-
terest lies prostrate. We are told by (he pro-
tectionists that their system will make us
independent of foreign nations. A glorious
independence, when we can scarcely go a hun-
dred miles from our own shores except upon
a foreign ship and under an alien flag.
You say the Alabama destroyed our com-
merce. Nonsense! This Yankee nation does
not scare half as easily in the heart as in the
pocket. The five years since the war would
not have rolled around without this branch
of business being revived, were it not for
special continuing circumstances that make
it unprofitable. Under your artificial system
we can neither build nor navigate a ship in
competition with other nations. The nation
feels the disgrace and desires a remedy. Even
the President has found out that all is not
right in this quarter, and proposes relief by
bounties and drawbacks.
But we are told, as another reason for this
protective system, that our laborers cannot
compete on equal terms with the pauper labor
of Europe. Where, then, is the benefit of skill
and intelligence? Tho skilled laborer com-
mands a higher price simply because he can
do so much more work than the unskilled and
ignorant. He who can make the best and cheap-
est article is prepared to compete with the
world. Our laborers and operatives are of
this character. The reason that foreign oper-
atives labor cheaper is because 'they are not
worth so much. Skilled labor in England
commands as high a price as in the United
States, less the cheaper cost of living. The
wood-chopper works for less wages than the
carpenter, yet the latter wants no tariff to pro-
tect his labor from the intrusion of the former.
His superior skill in woodwork is his protec-
tion. The blacksmith earns less than the ma-
chinist, the stone-cutter less than the sculptor.
In any business it is cheaper to pay a good
price to a good hand than a cheap price to a
poor one. Thus our American operatives
will always command the highest price, on
account of their skill. Could they have the
ordinary necessaries of life free from high
tariff duties, or as cheap as they are furnished
in other countries, the American manufacturer
could pay them the higher prices and still
undersell his European competitor. We did
it before the war upon many articles. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
exhibits a long column from English sources,
showing that we are able to sell even now in
foreign markets many articles, such as shovels,
cutlery, machinery; and yet the sale of all
these in our own country is protected by
duties from 30 to 45 per cent. ; and if you
attempted to reduce these duties a single cent
the manufacturers would cry out that they
cannot compete with pauper labor.
tariff taxes most the poob.
Another argument of the protectionists is,
that their system taxes luxuries and lightens
the burdens upon the necessities of the poor.
The gentleman from the Erie district [Mr.
Scofiuli)] announced this in his remarks the
other day as a palliative for the wounds of this
bill. But there never was a greater mistake.
The coffee of the poor man pays as much duty
per pound as the more expensive article of the
rich. The twenty-cent tea of the laborer pays a
duty of 100 percent., while the one-dollarteaof
the wealthy pay sbut 20 per cent. Sugar has been
reduced one cent per pound upon the common
article that is but little used, while all refined
sugar remains the same; thus giving the benefit
of the reduction almost entirely to the sugar
refiners.
Examining further into this question of dis-
crimination I fiud diamonds and precious
stones with a duty of only 10 per cent., jew-
elry only 20 per cent., while the common goods
worn by the poor man for coats pays 118 per
cent., and for overcoats 127 per cent.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does not the gentleman
understand the reason why precious stones
have affixed to them so low a duty?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. The reason
commonly alleged is that a higher duty would
cause them to be smuggled, and that no more
revenue would be derived. But if your tariff
is arranged upon the basis of securing reve-
nue, why have you made some duties prohib-
itory from which no revenue can possibly be
received?
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not know that any
duties are prohibitory.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Oh, yes, there
are. The duty upon common woolens is pro-
hibitory; upon common blankets is prohib-
itory. Not a pound of them is imported; not
a dollar's revenue is received from them. The
only effect of the high duties is to raise the
price of the article.
Looking still further, I find an article of
cloth made both in Massachusetts and Eng-
land of cow's hair, weighing over two pounds to
the yard and used for the rough heavy coating
of tho poor. Under the existing law it pays
a duty of 35 per cent. By a curious trick the
duty on this is raised by the present bill to 50
cents a pound and 30 per cent, ad valorem,
making a duty of over 180 per cent. This fraud
upon the poor man was done by striking out a
single word. Under the tariff of 1867 this high
duty applied only to articles manufactured
from the hair of alpaca goats and other " like"
animals. In this bill the word "like" is stricken
out, applying this enormously high duty to
articles manufactured from the hair of all ani-
mals, and particularly to this cloth used only
for clothing by the poorest class. Is this the
manner in which you lighten the burdens of
the poor?
I find the poor woman's common dress goods,
costing but 6 cents per yard in gold, paying a
duty of 90 per cent. ; her gingham gown 112
percent., while the silks of the wealthy pay but
GO per cent.
The common shawl, costing $1 32 in gold,
pays 91 per cent.; while that of the woman in
better circumstances, costing $3 84, pays only
04 per cent.; and the silk and cashmere of the
wealthy only 60 per cent.; and the more ex-
pensive camels' hair and lace shawls only 40
per cent. This is lessening the taxes of the
poor with a vengeance.
I find further, that common woolen coalings
which cost CO cents a yard in gold pay 118
per cent.; while those costing $1 44 a yard
pay only 87 per cent. ; that woolen overcoat-
ing costing $1 08 per yard pay 127 per cent.;
while those costing $1 44 pay only 100 per
cent., and broadcloth only 81 per cent.
Tho poor man pays upon his stockings 132
per cent., on his woolen underclothing 07 per
cent., while the silk hose and underclothing
of the rich pay only GO per cent.
The cheapest four-pound blanket of the poor,
which only costs in gold 72 cents, pays 312 per
cent.; while the rich man's blanket, costing
$3 84, pays only 90 per cent.; and this, too,
when none of these common blankets can be
imported on account of the high duty, when
no revenue is derived from it, the only result
being that in purchasing a three-dollar blanket
75 cents is paid for the blanket and $2 25 to
the manufacturer for the protection of home
industry. Beneficent protection!
Thus you might run through the whole cata-
logue of dutiable articles, and find a similar
discrimination in favor of the rich and against
the poor. Amongthe lowest of duties you will
find the greatest of luxuries, among the highest
the greatest of necessities. Among these we
may merely allude to the common articleof
salt. Upon this article of general consumption
the price is doubled by a duty averaging more
than 100 per cent.; and this, too, when com-
paratively a small portion of the advance goes
into the Treasury; when, too, the salt-makers
are sending salt to the Canadian market, where
this tariff does not exist, and selling also to the
fishermen, who have the right to buy foreign
salt and have the duty refunded. They sell at
a low price to all who are not bound to buy
under tariff duties, and at a high price to those
who are.
PROPOSED REDUCTION.
Such arc a few instances of tho oppression
of this unjustly high tariff. Days and weeks
might be spentin portraying its various features
of unfairness. How shall we remedy the evil?
By reducing. By reducing the rate of duties an
average of forty per cent. This would take off
some $70,000,000 to $75,000,000 of amount paid
into the Treasury, and probably $250,000,000
paid now in increased price of home manufac-
tures. It would still leave a tariff averaging
over 27 per cent. This reduction can be made
greater upon necessities by leaving the present
duties upon luxuries. The enormous duties
upon common woolens should be much de-
creased, and would give especial relief to the
inhabitants of the cold climates of the North-
west. A reduction upon iron, and the con-
sequent reduction of all articles manufactured
