1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5045
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Vermont yield to the Senator from
New Hampshire?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will yield, because I
do not wish to make a speech upon the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York; but
when the amendment upon which I wish to
speak comes up, Isliallhave something to say.
Mr. CONKLING-. Without wishing to speak
to that amendment, I will say that the Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] understands the
amendment, and has prepared it, and I am
quite in earnest in saying that if the ware-
housing system, and the general business of
bonding goods, and putting the custom-house
on wheels and taking it around as a peripatetic
institution all over the couutrv to every man's
house, or wherever there is a wood-pile or a
cross-walk, is to be considered in this bill, pro-
visions as to servile labor contracts are quite
as appropriately in order; and I hope the
Senator from Nevada will assign, as he is able
to assign, good reason why the provision should
be adopted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know that it will
avail anything to make an appeal to the Sen-
ate; I do not know that there is anybody here
to hear if I did make an appeal; but I submit
to Senators whether or not it is advisable to
attach to this bill, which is a bill for the reduc-
tion of taxes, controverted subjects of genera,1
legislation.
The bill for the reduction of taxes is one
that has excited a good deal of attention and
controversy here. The amendment proposed
by the Senator from Missouri is a measure that
its friends have not been able heretofore to
carry through the Senate as a separate bill on
account of the opposition to it. I have from
the beginning thought it was our duty to pur-
sue such a course as would eventuate in the
reduction of taxes. That is what the people
ask us to do ; that is what we have undertaken
to do, and we are imperiling this bill for the
reduction of taxes by attaching to it various
matters of legislation.
If it be true that this subject, which provides
for a new system of custom-houses in the Uni-
ted States, can be put on this bill, there is no
limitwlialever upon amendments, and anything
may be brought forward and attached to this
bill, or parties may propose to attach any sort
of amendment to this bill.
If the finance Committee and the Senate
will stand up for this bill as a bill simply for
the reduction of taxes I think we can put it
through Congress at this session; but if it is to
be opened to all sorts of legislation, and all
sorts of riders that may be put on, and it is to
be made to carry everything that is contro-
verted here in the Senate, I think we may as
well abandon all hope of securing the passage
of the bill; and without expressing any opinion
upon the merits of this proposition, which is
moved as an amendment, I ask the Senate to
drop it and try to pass the bill without putting
on to it such matters of legislation.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I see the
application to me of some things which the
Senator from Oregon says, and I admit the
justice of his remarks; but yet I insist that
thebill touching servile labor is just as germane
to a bill reducing taxes as is the complicated and
doubtful scheme touching custom-house police
and management which has been offered by
the Senator from Missouri. That bill the Sen-
ator from Michigan, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, was right in saying has
been before the Committee on Commerce not
once only, but twice, has been investigated,
has been referred to the Tieasury Department,
and has received the broad disapprobation of
that Department, not in some particular or
particulars merely, but because the bill in its
scope and meaning is a hurtful and dangerous
experiment.
Now, 1 say that if such a tiling is to be
brought up here and gravely litigated in gen-
eral and detail as a part of the tax-bill case it
is quite as appropriate, I submit to the honor-
able Senator from Oregon, to consider a pro-
vision which is simple in itself, which is no
more foreign to the question, which demands
legislation far more, and which can be disposed
of in less time. Nevertheless, I am quite con-
tent to withdraw the amendment that I offered
if the advice of the Senator from Oregon can
be taken and we can proceed with the tax bill
and such things as are cognate with that. But
when we have an entire bill of many sections,
a complete system in itself, brought in here
and sent into partnership with this tax bill, it
is more than a rider, as the Senator from Ore-
gon says; it is an attempt to amalgamate to-
gether two bills totally independent of. each
other, and complete each in itself; and if that
is to be persisted in, I do not accept as merited
any criticism or rebuke for having offered the
proposition I have, which consists of a single
section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York withdraws his amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir; not unless we
are to go on with the tax bill. If these other
matters are to bepressedl insiston my amend-
ment.
Mr. SCIIURZ. I am informed by the chair-
man of the Finance Committee that it has been
the almost uniform usage to attach to tariff
bills provisions relating to the police of the
custom-houses ; just such provisions as we find
in the bill I have offered as an amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 should like to see some
law that contains any such thing.
Mr. SCIIURZ. I have the authority of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance for
that statement. He is undoubtedly ready to
substantiate it.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 can show the Senator
from New York bodies of commercial regula-
tions attached to UinlF laws.
Mr. CONKLING. Undoubtedly ; but if the
Senator can show anything that comes within
reach of this in tariff bills I am very much
mistaken.
Mr. SHERMAN. All the legislation relat-
ing to the mode and manner of collecting cus-
toms duties as a matter of coarse falls within
the proper functions of a tariff bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Thai, is a very different
proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a simple question
as to the places where duties are to be paid,
and nothing else. The only effect it will have
will be to allow the duties to be paid at Cin-
cinnati or St. Louis and Chicago, instead of
at New York. All there is in it is as to the
places for the payment of duties.
Mr. SCHURZ. The opponents of this meas-
ure speak of it as if there had never been any-
thing known like it on the face of the globe.
The truth is that this very same system pre-
vails in almost all the civilized countries of
Europe. In all those countries goods can be
imported and the duties can be paid at inland
towns. The only thing necessary to make the
system entirely safe is a well-organized service.
But as things now are, the monopoly which
New York enjoys weighs very heavily upon
western business and trade; and everybody
who knows anything about that knows that it
is greatly to the advantage of western business
that at the point of importation, at the port of
arrival, duties can be paid. 1 do not think
New York is entitled to any such monopoly,
and I do not think that she can maintain it
very long. It is my conviction that the coun-
try will very soon find itself obliged to intro-
duce just such a system as is here proposed,
and that you cannot get along without it. It
seems to me that it is impossible to get up a
bill better guarded than this is, and I think it
is wrong to try to put it out of the way with
some trivial additions to the amendment which
have no bearing at all upon the case.
Mr. STEWART. Since my bill has come
before the Senate in this shape, I must say one
word in its behalf, and I must do that right
here and now, because I cannot have it said
that here is a proposition having no merit.
This proposition has much merit.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to a
question of order. I desire to know now
whether the five-minutes rule extends to sub-
jects not embraced in the tax bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It embraces all
amendments to the tax bill. Each Senator is
allowed not exceeding five minutes for each
amendment pending when such debate arises.
This is an amendment to the tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, itisnot pos-
sible to discuss anything with this limitation.
Mr. STEWART. I do not propose to oc-
cupy five minutes, but I propose to occupy a
minute in saying that I believe this proposition
is about the most important of any proposition
pending before Congress. It is for the purpose
of preventing contracts for slavery, and it is
connected with commerce. We can do it un-
der our power to regulate commerce. Instead
of not being germane to this bill, as some sup-
pose, it is directly connected with commerce.
It provides that where the consideration of a
contract is for the transportation of an alien
either to this country or from this country, and
the contract is for a period of service longer
than six months, it shall be void; and it is
intended especially to reach a class of contracts
made in Asia, whereby the coolie pledges first
his family to pay the cost and charges. The
cost of transportation to this country is only
about forty dollars, but the commissions run
it up to $100. They are pledged to be sold
into slavery. The contract provides for ser-
vice in this country for a term of years at the
stipulated price, the party to be returned back
to China dead or alive. If he breaks t&e con-
tract, of course his family go into slavery, and
lie is left in this country to perish or to suffer
all the tortures that their religion teaches them
they will suffer if they die and are buried away
from their fatherland. So that he is bound by
as strong a bond of servitude as the lash ever
was.
These contracts are being made, and large
numbers of persons are being brought here
under them. They dare not complain of the
contracts in this country, for they fear that thf
breach of them will despoil them of their fam-
ilies. The only way to free them so that they
can complain is to give them the benefit of the
fine if they desire to return home and redeem
their families. Therefore this section provides
for an informer, so that we shall have some-
body to tell us about the contract; and it also
provides that the alien, if he desires to return,
shall have one half the fine, and one half must
be at least $500. Five hundred dollars will
take him back home and redeem his family,
so that he will not fear the exposure of the
facts.
Under this the importation of these Chinese
must stop. That is the opinion of those most
familiar with the subject. The San Francisco
press admit that the importation cannot go on
after this. I have seen several articles to-day
analyzing this measure, and showing that it is
just the thing to stop these importations; to
stop this slavery. We have passed laws to
protect them, and we have wiped out the infa-
mous code for collecting miners' licenses by
means of the bulldog, that miserable system
which disgraced California. That is wiped out
by our law. We have given them a standing
in the law and we will protect them ; but we
do not mean that they shall be brought here
as slaves, brought here to compete with free
labor, white or black. As to those who do
come voluntarily, let them come; but those
who come as slaves are in just as bad a con-
dition and just as bad for the country as if they
were held by any other tenure.
To put on this section will not hurt this bill
or any other, because there is nobody opposed
to it. Some want to make it more stringent;
but the proportion contained in the report of
