1270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
authorized to say that he was mistaken and I
am correct.
I ask the Clerk to read a letter I send to his
desk, from the superintendent of the Botanic
Garden.
The Clerk read as follows:
National Botanic Gardens,
February 14,1870.
Dbab Sir : I thank you for the true statement of
facts in the debate on Saturday. There is no doubt
that the hand that writes this first planted the
sorghum in the soil of the United States. The ramie
or China grass-cloth plant was obtained by me from
the same source, namely, from Mr. Wilson, curator
of the botanic gardens, Jamaica, in 1854, if memory
serves me. He divided with inc his rare morceau of
sorghum just sent him from Europe. The then chief
of the Patent Office, Judge Mason, Secretary McLel-
len, of the Interior, with others, will bear witness, as
also my published letters in 1855.
With much respect, yours, W. E. SMITH.
P. S.—I have no wish to detract from any Depart-
ment, Great credit is due Judge Mason and others
for scattering seeds over the country.
W. E. SMITH.
Hon. William Lawrence.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I concur entirely in the
sentiment of the postscript of the letter just
read. I have no disposition to detract from
the value of the Agricultural Department at
all, for I have generally voted for all the appro-
priations proposed for that Department, as I
expect to do hereafter. It is proper for me to
say that at the time referred to in this letter of
the superintendent of the Botanic Garden there
was no garden at all attached to the Agricul-
tural Department. The Botanic Garden, there-
fore, is entitled to the credit of having first
introduced into the United States the sorghum
and ramie plants. This garden, indeed, occu-
pies a field and performs a mission which are
not intrusted to the Agricultural Department
at all; its purpose is very different. It is valu-
able to the country because of the new and
valuable plants of many varieties which it intro-
duces into the country ; because of its service
to the science of botany, and for varions other'
reasons which have already been considered
by the Committee of the Whole, and which.I
will not enlarge upon now because it is not
necessary.
Mr. MAYNARD, (in his seat.) The im-
provement of the horticultural taste of the
country also, I suppose?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Undoubtedly it im-
proves the horticultural taste of the country;
and whatever does that is not only a work of
utility, but one which gives pleasure and hap-
piness to the people.
Mr. MAYNARD, (in his seat.) Thus ad-
vancing civilization.
Mr. LAW REN CE. It advances civilization
and improves and cultivates the taste of the
people. It enables them to beautify and adorn
their gardens and their homes, besides con-
tributing to their happiness and advancing the
cause of civilization and Christianity.
Mr. MAYNARD, (in his seat.) Very well
said.
Mr. LAWRENCE. In further support of
what I have said I call attention to an extract
from a California paper that I hold in my hand.
The extract was as follows:
"An Agricultural NoveUv.—The following letter
from the superintendent of the congressional Bo-
tanic Gardens to one of the California Representa-
tives explains itself:
Washington City, February 25, 1863.
Dbar Sir : Your anxious desire to develop the re-
sources of your State induces me to trouble you with
this note, and to ask you to place in the hands of a
few competent persons the accompanying plants of
the China grass-linen plant. Calloce or Rhea hemp.
It belongs to the nettle family, and is known to bot-
anists as the Boc'tmeria nevia. It has stood the
winters of a Washington climate for three years past.
I think it will succeed well in California. In the
London Exhibition of 1861 the fiber of this plant was
exhibited In every condition, from the crude article
to the woven fabric, showing a fiber of great beauty
and strength. Three prize medals were awarded to
different persons forspecimens exhibited. Dr. Eoyle,
fj™,r ot 'The Fibrous Plants of India," states that
tne tiber of this plant has been sold in Liverpool at
trorn three to six hundred dollars a ton. The cloth
55j£,® "P"1 this fiber, known as grass-cloth, is not
a softness and strength distinct
from that of any other liber. The plant is an easily
cultivated perennial, should be planted close to-
?:ether, and will yield two or three crops a year. For
urther information, see Patent Office Agricultural
Report of 1859, page 387, Archer's Economic Botany,
and the various reports of the juries of the Exhi-
bition of the Industry of all Nations for the last ten
years.
Respectfully, ' WM. R. SMITH,
Congressional Botanic Gardens.
Hon. A. A. Sargent.
" Sargent has sent a dozen packages of the plan's
furnished by Smith to the California State Agricul-
tural Society, Warren of the California Parmer, and
to other persons who it is thought would be likely
to be interested in giving this plant a fair trial in
the State. The Chinese have for a long period suc-
ceeded in concealing all knowledge of the plant and
its uses from tho world; and tho processes by which
it is prepared for market have also been kept a secret.
The fact that the plant has withstood the changeful
climate of Washington, where we havo rain and
snow, frost and heat, dust and ice, together with the
great commercial value of the product, should in-
duce our agriculturists to add it, if possible, to the
products of the State of California, and prove that
we are correct when we assure them that it will not
be a useless experiment."
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I desire to say,
that so far as I know there is a most excellent
feeling existing between the Department of
Agriculture and the Botanic Garden, and be-
tween the officers of each of those institutions.
Of course I had no knowledge whatever that
my colleague [Mr. Lawrence] proposed to say
anything further, or to notice this matter any
further, or I should have prepared myself
with the necessary testimony to lay before
this Committee of the Whole to reestablish
that which I think I established in part on
Saturday last, to wit, that the Department of
Agriculture was entitled to the credit of the
importation, cultivation, and dissemination of
the Chinese sorghum.
Now, sir, I think—at least I infer—that the
facts are about as follows: in 1854 the agri-
cultural interest of the country, or the Bureau
of Agriculture, was .under the control of the
Commissioner of Patents, who waB then Judge
Mason, if I recollect aright. Mr. Smith was an
employfi of the Government, and in accord-
ance with the wishes of the head of the bureau
he cultivated this sorghum in the garden where
he was employed to work. The fact of an
employ^ doing the will of his superior gives
neither himself nor the garden to which he hap-
pens to be attached the credit of the work.
Such credit will, in my view, inure to the De-
partment of Agriculture.
One word as to what has been said upon the
subject of ramie. I will not just now under-
take to say where the credit is due for the intro-
duction of the plant into this country; but I
observe in the last report of the Commissioner
of Agriculture a paragraph upon the subject
of ramie, showing the interest taken by that
Department in the cultivation and dissemina-
tion of this plant. I ask the Clerk to read the
paragraph 1 send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
" I have given much attention to the propagation
and dissemination of .this plant, (ramie,) with a
full appreciation of its capabilities and an earnest
endeavor to aid in overcoming the mechanical diffi-
culties which at present limit its use in textile pro-
ductions; and I have witnessed with regret the
unenlightened enthusiasm and unreliable state-
ments by which interested projpagators have discred-
ited an enterprise which should have a fair and suc-
cessful trial. The value Of the fiber is unquestioned;
its use could be largely extended if it were properly
prepared for market; and its ultimate success will
depend, not upon the facility of its culture or tho
suitableness of climate, but upon the economy of its
manufacture."
One word on another point. A few weeks
ago I had the honor to make in this House a i
speech on the subject of agriculture, and de- i
siring to give in my remarks on that occasion j
some history of the sorghum plant, I went to
the Department of Agriculture to obtain in- j
formation on that point. I was there informed, i
and this was the foundation of ray statement !
to the House last Saturday, that the seed of j
that plant was imported from France in 1854; <
that it was propagated in the propagating j
garden in 1855, and that in 1856 the seed was
disseminated throughout the length and breadth
of the country.
I will only add that I propose to take pains
to reexamine this whole question ; and on some
future occasion I will call the attention of tlie
Housa to the facts, with such testimony bear-
ing upon the subject as I may be able to col-
lect.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. AXTELL. I renew the amendment.
I desire that the committee shall understand
the point to which I am now addressing my-
self. In addition to a Superintendent ot' Pub-
lie Grounds and Public Buildings we have a
superintendent of the propagating garden, re-
ceiving a salary of $2,000, and a superintend-
ent of this Botanic Garden, receiving a salary
of $1,400. There are also several assistants,
who receive much higher wages than laborers.
My thought was that we might consolidate
these various gardens and relieve the learned
and very gentlemanly committee having charge
of our Library from this trouble of carrying on
agriculture. I do not know what may be their
peculiar qualifications for superintending this
Botanic Garden. I know that they are emi-
nently qualified to take care of our great public
Library; but what peculiar fitness they possess
for directing the purchase of these various
seeds and plants I have not yet learned. I
presume it to be very great.
'I must compliment the very learned and
elegant chairman of the committee on the fact
that to answer an economical argument of
this kind he finds it necessary to refer to the
circumstance that I in common. I suppose,
with all others have chosen to send down a
box to have some of these plants put up, that
they may be distributed in my State and else-
where. That very learned and elegant gardener,
who is so fond of his situation, and whom I
have the happiness to see on this floor oftener
than any other public official about Washing-
ton, and oftener than I have had the pleasure
of seeing him at his garden, has, it seems,
informed the learned chairman of the Library
Committee that that box prepared for me was
worth some forty or fifty dollars. I am not
conversant with the value of such things; but,
without saying I would sell that box, 1 will
say that as I believe, and as I understand
from gentlemen more conversant with these
matters, a much better assortment of plants
could be obtained for three or five dollars at the
public gardens in Philadelphia and elsewhere.
I believe that this whole system is bad; and
it is certainly bad to make it cost a very large
sum of money when by a consolidation of the
several establishments a great saving could be
effected. The propagating garden, which is
in the immediate neighborhood of the Botanic
Garden, has its superintendent with a salary
of $2,000, who does substantially the same
work as the superintendent of this Botanic
Garden, who also receives a large salary. This
Botanic Garden is a pet of the Library Com-
mittee. 1 do not know what particular neces-
sity they may have in going beyond the legiti-
mate duties of Congressmen and superintend-
ing the public garden ; but it may be that, from
some peculiar qualifications of gentlemen, they
may be able to carry this on to better advan-
tage than the Commissioner of Agriculture
could.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PETERS. I rise to reply. Now, Mr.
; Chairman, perhaps I associated what the gen-
tleman has stated to-day with what I read in
the Globe as having been stated by him on
Saturday last., and I understood his remarks
then, followed by what he has said to-day, to
be an attack on the propriety of keeping up
this Botanic Garden. 1 inferred his argu-
ment was that there was entire uselessness in
keeping up what he calls "this little institu-
tion." Now, without any desire to be personal,
I do not think it was good taste on the part of
the gentleman from California, [Mr. Axtell,J
if I rightly understand his remarks as reported
in the Globe, when he himself was receiving
