2214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
If the committee do not choose to make any
report.on this part of the eaBe how is it to be
brought before the House?
The SPEAKER. It would be within the
province of the gentleman from Vermont to
introduce during the call of his State, or on
any other occasion when the House may give
him liberty, a resolution instructing the com-
mittee to report. Such a resolution could be
introduced on any Monday, either during the
call of States in the morning hour or by a sus-
pension of the rules after the morning hour on
that day. But as a question of privilege, if it
were admitted to be such, with thirty contested-
election cases before that committee, the House
could be vexed from day to day by having
these questions thrust upon its attention, and
the entire public business would be interrupted
and obstructed.
TAltllflf ON LUMBER.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask to have certain com-
munications, thought to be important on the
subject of the tariff on lumber, on both sides
of the question, ordered to be printed. The
request is made by direction of the Committee
of Ways and Means.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
KKAItSARQU.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 1609) to compensate
the officers and crew of the United States
steamer Kcarsarge for the destruction of the
rebel piratical vessel Alabama; which was read
a (irst and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
UNITJCX) STATES COURTS.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
llenolved, Tlint the Committeo on the Judiciary
inquiro into the expediency of reporting a bill to
provide for writs of error in criminal eases in United
States courts; also, to provide for a ccrtain num-
ber of peremptory challonftes to t.lio aecuscd in such
trials; also, to permit the defendant in said oases to
testify m his own behalf at his own option.
PAYMENT OF PENSIONS.
Mr. RANDALL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1610) to regulate
the manner of the payment of pensions; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committeo on Invalid Pensions, and ordered
to bo printed.
ORDER 01? BUSINESS.
Mr. BOYD. 1 call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. Tlie regular order of busi-
ness being called, the morning hour will now
commence. This being set apart under the
rules as private-bill day, during the morning
hour reports of a private nature are in order.
The pending question at the expiration of the
morning hour on Eridny last was on a joint
resolution (H. H. No. 19-1) for the relief of J.
Edwards Clarke, and the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of John T. Peabody, deceased,
reported from the Committee of Claims by Mr.
VVashbuiin, of Massachusetts.
The joint resolution was read. It author-
izes and directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to J. Edwards Clarke,
late marshal of the United States provisional
court of the State of Louisiana, the sum of
$7,451 66, and to the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of John T. Peabody, deceased, late
clerk of said court, tho sum of $3,986 04, in
full satisfaction for allowances, claims, and
expenditures of said officers in behalf of the
United States.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I call
for tho previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
rnaiu question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading. Being
engrossed, it wos aceprdingly read the third
and
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the joint res-
olution was passed ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported adversely
on the claim of J. M. Carpenter against the
United States; and the same was laid on the
table.
HENRY N. GALPIN.
Mr. STRONG, from the Committee of
Cfoims, reported a joint resolution (II. 14. No.
206) for the relief of Henry N. Galpin, post-
master at Berlin,- Connecticut; which was read
a first and second time.
The joint resolution directs the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury, in settling
the accounts of Henry N. Galpin, as postmas-
ter at Berlin, Connecticut, to credit and allow
the sum of $150 for postage stamps, of which
he was robbed by burglars on the night of
October 16, 1868, without fault or negligence
on the part of said postmaster.
Mr. STRONG. J demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH AND MATTHEW 31. JIERItlAM.
Mr. STRONG, from the same committee,
also reported a joint resolution (H. R. No.
207) for the relief of Joseph and Matthew M.
Merriam, of Hartford, Connecticut; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to cause to be refunded to Joseph
and Matthew M. Merriam, of Hartford, Con-
necticut, $2,880 96, tax on sales erroneously
assessed and collected 30th January, 1867, and
not authorized by a proper construction of the
internal revenue laws of the United States.
Mr. BEAMAN. I hope we shall have some
explanation of that joint resolution.
Mr. STRONG. Let the report be read.
The report was read. It states that the claim-
ants were partners and traders in tho clothing
business under tho firm name of Merriam
Brothers, at Hartford, Connecticut, in Decem-
ber, 1866. On the 1st January, 1867, theydis-
solved their partnership and divided their stock
oil hand according to their respective interests,
each taking his share into a separate establish-
ment of his own. On the 10th of Januarythey
were assessed as a firm an internal revenue tax
qn sales, for the division of the property, and
paid on the 31st January, to the collector of
internal revenue for the first district of Con-
necticut the sum of $2,880 96. The memo-
rialists represent that this was an erroneous
assessment, that they had made no sale of their
stock of clothing, but had divided and taken
possession separately of what each one owned
before : that it was no sale in fact, nor within
the meaning of the law levying an excise tax
upon sales. Thecominittee state that they are
unanimously of this opinion, and therefore rec-
ommend, for the relief of the claimants, the
passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. HOAR. 1 would inquire of the gentle-
man from Connecticut [Mr. Strong] whether
it is the practice of the Committee of Claims
to entertain applications for the reimburse-
ment of taxes wrongfully assessed as a general
thing? If this is the case it would be inter-
esting to the House to know it.
Mr. STRONG. I will state that this claim
had been veferred to the Pepartmeat, at?d the
Department sustained the decision of the col-
lector and assessor that this was a sale ; that
the dividing of goods between two partners,
the partition of goods, was a sale. They held
it was a legal sale, and retained the money.
So the matter comes before Congress. There
was no oiher remedy. In the judgment of the
committee the partition of goods between twe
partners was no sale ; it is not in law a sale,
nor could a tax be laid on it as a sale. I call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved fhat the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES E. YOUNG!.
Mr. IIOLMAN, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back the bill (H. R. No.
1471) for the relief of James E. Young, and
moved that the committee be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the following bill and
petitions ; and the same were severally laid on
the table:
The bill (H. R. No. 778) for the relief of
Lieutenant John Scott, of the fourth United
States infantry;
The petition of Colonel J. W. Campbell,
asking pay for a horse lost by him in the ser-
vice of the United States; and
The memorial of John B. Chapman, for
relief.
EM MO It WARE.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (II. R. No. 702) for the
relief of Emmor Ware.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which'was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Emmor Ware, late postmaster at Butlerville,
Indiana, the sum of $115, in full, for postage
stamps of which he was robbed while such
postmaster, on the night of the 23d day of
January, 1868. and for which he has accounted
to the Post Office Department.
Mr. HOLMAN. The report had better be
read.
The report was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. Being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SURETIES Of ISRAEL T. CANBY.
^r" -^0^^-A-N, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill_(S. No. 221) for the relief
of the sureties of Israel T. Canby, late receiver
of public moneys at Crawfordsville, Indiana.
i'he question was on ordering the bill to be
read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides for the
release of the sureties of Israel T. Canby, late
receiver of public moneys at the land office
at Crawfordsville, Indiana, from all liability
arising from any defalcation, omission, or mis-
conduct of the gatd Israel T. Canby, as such
