1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4103
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 129, nays 65, not voting 36 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ainbler, Amos, Arm-
strong. Arnell, Atwood, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Bea-
man, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Jjowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buffinton,
Burchard, Burdett, Roderick K. Butler, Oake,Cessna,
Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Araasa Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Conger, Covode.Cowles, Cullom, Davis, Dawes,
Wegener, Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela,
Earnsworth, JKerriss, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch,
Garfield, Chlfillan, Hamilton, Harris, Hawley, llay,
Hcfhn, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Ilotcbkiss, Ingersoll,
Jenckos, Alexander!!. Jones, Judd JCelley,Kellogg,
Ketcham, Knapp, Laliin, Lawrence, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Lynch. Maynard, McCarthy, McCJrary, Mercur,
Eliakim J J. Moore, Jesse II. Moore, William Moore,
Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Packard,
Packer, Paine, Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Plait,
Poland. Pomeroy, Prosser, Sanlord, Sargent, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scoiield, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Shel-
don, John A. Smith, Worthington C.Smilh,William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stough ton, Strong,
Tanner,Taylor)Tillman,Townsend, Twichell.Tyner,
Upson, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wallace, Ward, Wil-
liam B. Washburn. Wclker. Wells, Wheeler. Whit-
more, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, John T. Wil-
son, and Winans—129.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Bennett, Biggs,
Bird, Booker, James Brooks, Burr, Benjamin h\
Butler, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dox, Eldtidge, Fox, Getx,
Gibson, Griswold Haight, Haldeman, Ilale.ilamill,
Hawkins, Hays, Holman, Johnson, Kerr, Knott,
Lash, Lewis, Marshall, McCormick, McGrew, Mc-
Kenzie, McNeely,-Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Moi-
rissey, Newsham, Niblack, Orth. Potter, Randall,
Reeves, Rice, llidgway, Rogers, Roots, Schumakcr,
Sherrod, Slocum, Joseph S.Smith,William J.Smith,
Stiles, Stone, Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble,
Van Trump, Eugene M.Wilson,Winchester,Witcher,
Wood, and Woodward—65.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Asper, Ayer. Bar-
num,Boek, Boles, Buckley, Calkin, William T.Clark,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Dickinson, Dockery,
Ferry, Hambleton, Heaton, Hoge, Thomas L. Jones,
Julian, Kelsey, Mayham, McKee, Milnes, Morphis,
Mungen, Palmer, Porter, Shanks, Shober. Stevens,
Stokes, Strickland, Taffc, Van Auken, Voorhecs,
and Cadwalader C. Washburn—30.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the resolution was disagreed to.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I move to suspend the
rules, to rescind entirely the rule in regard
to meeting at eleven in the morning arid
adjourning at five o'clock in the afternoon.
The House divided j and there were—ayes
122, noes 52.
Mr. ELD RIDGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sciiexck
and Mr. Eldiiidge were appointed.
The House again divided 5 and the tellers
reported—ayes 115, noes 60.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I make another proposition:
that so much of the rule as requires an adjourn-
ment at five o'clock be rescinded, and that it
be left to the majority of the House any day
to fix the hour of meeting at eleven or twelve
o'clock.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It does seem to this side
of the House that the other side had better go
to the public business instead of constantly
tinkering with the rules.
Mr. DAWES. We are trying to get to the
public business.
Mr. WOOD. You are preventing legislation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. By constantly humbug-
ging and trying to cheat by the rules. Your
trickery only gets you into trouble.
Mr. DAWES. I move to suspend the rules,
so as to rescind so much of the rule as requires
an adjournment each day at five o'clock p. m.,
and that the hour of meeting be left hereafter
to the decision of a majority of the House,
whether it shall be at eleven a. m. or twelve
o'clock m.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
Must not a day's notice be given of a motion
to change the rules of the House?
The SPEAKER. This is a motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. DAWES rose.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to debate.
Mr. BURR. 3^ rise to a point of order. The
rescinding of the hour fixed for adjournment has
already been voted on.
The SPEAKER. It is coupled with another,
making it a different proposition.
Mr,l)AW3£S demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Wood were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report*
ed—ayes 121, noes 58.
Mr. STILES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken 5 and it was decided
in the aliirmative—yeas 136y nays 58, not voting
36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Atwood, Bailey, Banks. Barry, Beaman,
Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Bingham,
Blair, Boles, Bowcn, Boyd, George M. Brooks,
Buck, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett. Roderick R.
Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark,
Amasa CobbfCoburn, Cook,Conger, Covode,Cowles,
Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Dixon,
Donley, Duval. Dyer. Ela. Fnrnsworth, Ferriss,
Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Gariicld, Gilfillan, Hale,
Hamilton, Harris, Ilawley, Hay. llefiin, Hill, Hoar,
Iloopcr, Ilotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckos, Alexander
II. Jones, Jadd, Kellcy, Kellogg, Ivctcham, Knapp,
Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Loughridge, Lynch. May-
nard, McCarthy,McCrary, Mercur, Milnes, Eliakim
H. Moore. Jesse II. Moore, William Moore. Mor-
phis, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myors,
Negley, Newsham, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer,
Paine, Peck, Perce, Fetors, Phelps, Piatt, Poland,
Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots. Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer,
Sehenck, Scoficld, Lionel A. Sheldon. Porter Shel-
don, John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather,Stevenson,Stoughton,Strick-
land, Strong, Tanuer, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend,
Twichell.Tyncr, Upson, Van Horn, Van Wvck, Wal-
lace, Williiun B. Washburn, Whoelor, Whitmoro,
Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson,
Winans, and Witcher—130.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Ayer. Beck, Biggs,
Bird, Booker. James Brooks, Burr, Conner, Oox,
Crebs, Dox, Eldridgc, Fox, Get/., Gibson, Griswold,
Haight, Haldeman, Ilaimll, Hawkins, Hays, ilol-
man, Johnson, Kerr. Knott, Lewis, Marshall, May-
ham, McCormick, McKenzic, McNeely, Morgan,
Morrissey, Niblack, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rico,
llidgway, Rogers, Schumakcr, Sherrod, Slocum,
Joseph S. Smith. William J. Smith, Stiles, Stone,
Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Trump,
Wells, Eugene M.Wilson.Wood, and Woodward—58.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Arnell, Asper,
Barnurn, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin,
Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Dickin-
son, Doekeiy, Ferry, Hambleton, Heaton, lloge,
Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kpfsey, Logan, MeGrcw,
McKee, Mungen. Palmer, Porter, Shanks. Shobcr,
Stevens, Stokes, Tafle, Van Auken, Voorhecs,Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wclker, and Winches-
ter— 36.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended, and the motion
agreed to.
CUBA.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Before calling for the
regular order of business, I will yield to the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to submit the follow-
ing proposition :
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the reports of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs on the contest in Cuba be specially
assigned for Tuesday of next week after the morn-
ing hour, and from day to day until finished; and all
other orders, special or otherwise, which conflict
herewith, be temporarily postponed for the execu-
tion of this order.
Mr. BANKS. I give a pledge to the House
that I will not ask the consideration of this
subject for more than one day, or two days at
the farthest.
Mr. DAWES. I will not object to the reso-
lution if the gentleman will strike out from it
the portion of it which continues the consider-
ation of the subject from day to day, leaving
that to be determined by the House after the
consideration of the question has been com-
menced.
Mr. BANKS. I am -willing to agree to that
if 1 will not thereby lose the opportunity of
having a decision of the House on the question.
The SPEAKER. Tf the words "and from
day to day till finished" be struck out, that will
absolutely preclude the discussion from going
over to a second day.
Mr. BANKS. I am willing to give a pledge
that it shall not continue over two days, and
I hope it may be limited to one day with an
evening session.
Mr. DAWES. I hold in my hands two
appropriation bills which I desire to be made
special orders. I think the House should
decide as to these before dealing with the prop-
osition of the gentleman trom Massachusetts.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Massachusetts*
Mr. BANKS. Then I move to suspend the
rules to allow it to be considered. -
On suspending the rules there were-rayes
65, noes 60.
Mr. BANKS demanded tellers.'
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Banks and
Mr. Farnsworth were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 79. noes 53.
Mr. WOOD. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would suggest that the
gentleman from Massachusetts should m6dify
his resolution so that it shall require only a
single day. If it is so modified I think it will
hardly be objected to.
Mr. BANKS. I accept the suggestion, and
modify the resolution so as to provide for only
a single day; but with this condition: that
I can have the previous question called on the
first day, and then let it go over to another
day.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules the gen-
tleman would be entitled to that. If he gets
the previous question seconded on the first day
he would be entitled to a closing hour on the
second day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And if he fails in
getting the previous question seconded on the
first da}7, how will it be ?
The SPEAKER, if the previous question
is not seconded the subject falls with the day ;
it cannot be considered but on that day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My objection is that
Cuba should displace the other business of the
session.
The SPEAKER, It is not debatable.
The question was on suspending the rules
and agreeing to Mr. Banks's resolution, mod-
ified by the words "and from day to day till
finished" stricken out.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 125, noes 22.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended, and the resolu-
tion, as modified, was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BANKS. I ask one moment to make
a personal explanation on a matter which con-
cerns the privileges of the House—a privilege
I have never asked before. A paper has been
published in the journals of the country which
purports to be a report of the Committee of
Foreign Affairs on the subject of the contest
in Cuba. It was published without authority
or-the knowledge of the committee, or of any
member of the committee. And I regret ex-
ceedingly, and every member of the committee
regrets, that it has been so given to the public.
The chairman of the committee was requested
in February last to make a statement on the
subject, which was then imperfectlyunderstood.
That paper was read to the committee on the
7th of March. It has therefore been in exist-
ence for nearly four months, and it has been
confidentially withheld from the public, as it
was agreed by the members of the committee it
should be, until last week, when it appeared
without our knowledge in one or more of the
public journals. It is an imperfect report of
the statement prepared m February, and which
was read to the committee on the 7th of March
and reported to the Honseby order of the com-
mittee on the 2-lth of March, when its consid-
eration was specially assigned for the 6th of
April, sincewhich time it has been excluded by
the tai'iff and tax bills and the general appro-
priation bills, which had precedence as special
orders. The publication in a measure does
injustice to the committee, for although ordered
by the committee to be printed for more con-
venient consideration, it had not been prepared
for publication, and it is unjust to the minority,
whose report on the same subject should nave
been published with it. Therefore I ask the
consent of the House that the majority and
minority reports may be published m the Globe
