1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1271
from that garden all he had ever asked, and
when his own State was enjoying the results of
this "little institution,'' that he should have
led off in this attack. I understood his argu-
ment to be there was no necessity for the
superintendent for whom we are proposing to
appropriate the sum of $1,440. Now, sir,
it' this place were put under the jurisdiction of
the Agricultural Department, you would have
to employ Mr. Smith, the present superin-
tendent of this Botanic Garden, or some other
man having the same knowledge, information,
taste, and enthusiasm. If you did not employ
Mr. Smith to carry on this business, why then
we should have to employ Mr. Jones, or some
other efficient superintendent. But I wish to
say, as 1 said before, that the Government is j
peculiarly lucky in getting such a gentleman
as Mr. Smith for the superintendency of this ,
Botanic Garden, with all his capacity for
filling it, and all his enthusiasm in discharging
his duties to the Government.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to say, Mr. Chair-
man, that for my own State 1 feel partic-
ularly grateful to Mr. Smith and to those
concerned in the management of this Botanic
Garden, for while I was a member of the ,
Thirty-Seventh Congress I obtained from that
garden some twenty or thirty different varie- ,
ties—I cannot recollect the precise number— i
of grape-vines, which I distributed throughout
California as widely as I could, and I know
that the scions from those cuttings, which
were carefully done up in moss, are now cul-
tivated on many of our hills, adding to the life,
the health, and comfort of our people. It was
a great benefit conferred upon the people of
California, to an extent far greater than could
possibly be paid for by all the money which
has ever since been paid to Mr. Smith as sal-
ary from that time down to the present.
Mr. PETERS. In that connection I should
like to ask the gentleman from California [Mr.
Axtell] whether the box of slips and cuttings
which he obtained from the Botanic Garden
was sent home to his district, or whether he
gave the slips and cuttings away, to be sent
elsewhere? I understand from the public
gardener that the gentleman, like very many
others, did not take interest enough in the slips
and cuttings to send them home for distribu-
tion, but gave them away to other persons.
Mr. AXTELL. The box I sent last year
was to a gentleman in my State who has a much
better establishment on his private grounds
than this thing down here ; but there was noth-
ing of any value contained in the box. I do
not know that there were any grape-vines.
There were only flower-seeds and rose cuttings
and things of that sort. Such were the slips
and cuttings and seeds I ever got from that
garden. When I wanted anything valuable I
of course went somewhere else to get them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment was withdrawn.
The Clerk read as follows:
Public buildings and grounds:
For clerk in the Office of Public Euildings, $1,200.
1'or messenger in the same office, $840.
Mr. KNOTT. I move to reduce the salary
of the messenger from $840 and to make it
$420. In offering this amendment, sir, I am
not actuated by any feeling of dissatisfaction
toward any employ6 of the Government what-
ever, nor by any desire to reduce his wages
below what may be considered a just and fair
compensation. My purpose is simply to call the
attention of the House to some facts which
appear to have been entirely overlooked. The
average price of labor throughout the United
States may be set down somewhere between
twelve and thirty dollars a month. In my own
State lam confident it will not go over twenty
dollars per month.
Mr. LAWRENCE. With or without board?
Mr. KNOTT. With board. Thirty dollars
without board. But, sir, we have every day
that we sit in this Chamber ocular demonstra-
tion that the laboring class of Washington city
have more leisure on their hands than the same
class of the laboring population in any other
city in the country. And not only have we this
ocular demonstration, but by our action here
we have sent it abroad to the world that the
laboring classes of Washington city are actually
starving and freezing to death, not because they
are indisposed to work, but because they cannot
find work in this city to do. We have upon
the ground of that fact appropriated $30,000 in
money and $10,000 in clothing for their relief.
While these things are true we are proposing
to pay labor here at the rate of sixty to seventy
dollars per month in the item now under con-
sideration and several others that immediately
succeed it. We propose to pay from sixty to
seventy dollars per month, when the services
of laboring persons in this city ought to be pro-
cured simply for their victuals and clothes, if
we told the truth in the bill which passed this
House when we declared that they were actu-
ally starving for want of something to do. With
these facts before us it occurs to me that there
is '' something rotten in the State of Denmark,''
somewhere or other. Where this is it is not
for me to say. But gentlemen who have charge
of appropriating the public money owe to it, to
themselves, and to the country to show where
it is and what it is.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I regret that the gentleman
from Kentucky, from association or educa-
tion, cannot appreciate the position of the
laborer as entitled to full compensation for his
services. The law requires that a messenger
shall receive $840. The gentleman's amend-
ment proposes that the messenger shall receive
just half that amount for his sex-vices. I ask
a vote on it.
' The question being taken on Mr. Knott's
amendment, it was rejected.
Thtf Clerk read as follows:
For compensation of the doorkeeper at the Presi-
dent's House, §1,000.
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend the par-
agraph by substituting"$1,200" for "$1,000."
I have received a petition or memorial, signed
by the doorkeeper and messenger at the Presi-
dent's House, which I send to the Clerk's
desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington, D, C., February 11, 1870.
Hon. :
We would most respectfully make application to
your honorable body for an increase of pay for A. T.
Donn, doorkeeper at the Executive Mansion, and
Thomas F. Pendel, private messenger to the Presi-
dent.
We would state that the doorkeeper receives now
$1,000 and the messenger $900 per year, which is re-
duced to $840 by the law of March 3,1869, reducing the
pay of all messengers. There is also $600 appropriated
for an assistant doorkeeper, which pay is not used,
for the reason that the position is not filled, no one
being able to accept the position for that amount of
salary.
Our peculiar position, being on duty at the front
entrance of the Executive Mansion, makes it incum-
bent on us to dress in much more expensive clothing
than would benecessary in any other place, and much
beyond our ability with our present salary.
We both have large families to support, and most
respectfully submit this statement and petition for
increase of salary.
Wo have the honor, sir, to remain, your obedient
nta
A. T. DONN, Doorkeeper.
TH. P. PENDEL, Messenger.
Mr. POLAND. It seems that the salary
allowed to the doorkeeper is $1,000. There
is also a sum of $600 appropriated to pay an
assistant doorkeeper. This sum is so small
that no person can be found to accept the sit-
uation, and it is now vacant. The messenger
has $840. I propose that the sum of $1,200
be given to each, and that the $600 allowed to
the assistant doorkeeper be struck out. These
changes will make a saving on the appropria-
tions allowed by the bill of forty dollars. It
is very clear that these persons ought to have
a larger compensation than ordinary laborers,
because, as they say in their memorial, they
are obliged to dress in an expensive manner
when they are on duty.
Mr. DAWES. If what the gentleman pro-
poses does not increase the total expenditure,
and is more acceptable to the parties con-
cerned, I have no objection.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I understand
the gentleman to say that the place of assistant
messenger is vacant, and they can get nobody
to take it. I have just been applied to by a
poor soldier at the door here for a place, and I
think he would be very glad to take it, and to
take it at the salary now fixed for it.
The question was taken on Mr. Poland's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following clause :
For compensation of assistant doorkeeper at the
President's Houso, $600.
Mr. POLAND. I now move to strike out
that clause.
The motion was agreed to.
The following clause was read:
For compensation of five watchmen on reservation
No. 2, $3,600.
Mr. AXTELL. I move to amend that
clause by striking out "$3,600," and insert-
ing " $4,500" in lieu thereof. This, as I un-
derstand it, is the Smithsonian reservation, a
large and very valuable piece of property. It
requires the attention of five men during the
whole year, in all weather, without holidays,
even on Sundays, and exposed to the air the
whole time. There are five men employed, and
I submit that $720 a year each is not sufficient
pay. It will not support a man and his family
and allow him any opportunity to accumulate.
While we are paying policemen, who are in-
doors all the time, from nine to twelve hun-
dred dollars a year, and all our skilled work-
1 men from twelve or fourteen hundred to two
thousand dollars a year, in consideration of
the high prices of living here, and the neces-
sity of securing the services of competent and
faithful men, I think we should pay these men
$900 a year, which is about the salary paid to
the lowest class of male clerks and to the
female clerks in the various Departments. I
do not think it is asking too much, in view of
the fact of their being exposed in all weather,
having no holidays, and no opportunities of
accumulating in any other direction. It is not
fair that the laborers should be the only men
poorly paid. It is not economy for us to en-
deavor to employ men at less wages than will
enable them to support their families, to edu-
cate their children, and, in addition to that,
with careful and close economy, to lay by
i something for days of sickness or days when
] labor gives out. I hope the committee will
j regard this motion kindly, and consider that
for laboring men so employed $900 a year is
not too much.
Mr. DAWES. The Department estimated
for only $600 for each of these watchmen. The
committee put it at $720, for the reason that
the statute fixes their compensation at $720.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For compensation of draw-keepers at the Potomac
bridge, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, $7,570.
Mr. WOOD. I offer the following proviso,
to come in at the end of that paragraph:
Provided, That no officer of the Army or Navy
shall be detailed or assigned to duty as a private
secretary or clerk or for other civil service at the
Executive Mansion.
Mr. DAWES. I make the jioint of order
that that is independent legislation, and is not
germane to the pending paragraph.
Mr. WOOD. Before the Chair decides that
point of order I desire to say one word. The
proposition is simply to carry out the existing
law. There is no legislation whatever in it.
It is designed to keep officers of the Army
where they belong, in the positions to which
they were appointed—officers of the Army and
not clerks or secretaries or attendants upon
the President. If the President desires addi-
tional clerks or secretaries I will vote for
appropriations to give him all he may require,
but I will not vote to permit him to keep the
