1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3159
coming in at 3* cento. While the first ruling
was in force the rate proposed in the bill would
have been an increase, but now it is a reduction.
Mr. JUDD. Allow me to state that instead
of its being a fact that the writers of these let-
ters have been misled by the change of practice
in the Treasury Department, they give the ex-
act figures which the article costs them under
the present tariff. They do not refer to any
change in the action of the Treasury Depart-
ment. Giving the cost of the article as they
are using it under the existing law, they say
that the proposition of the committee operates
upon them and upon all the consumers of this
country as an increase. Now, we do not want
any of the speculations or fancied arguments
based upon combinations. Here is a fact star-
ing us in the face; and I submit to the com-
mittee that on an article of such general con-
sumption as tubes and flues the percentage of ,
duty now in force is a sufficient protection for j
all practical purposes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, it is pretty
hard to be held responsible, not merely for our
own ignorance, but for that of others.- The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Jcdd] says that
we cannot give the information desired. Well,
I gave at least this information: that the diffi-
culty in determining whether these articles are ;
either flues or tubes, under a construction which-
was formerly put upon the law, is a difficulty
among the makers and importers themselves;
and we are hardly to be expected to know
more than they do.
Let me give the history of this matter:
Prior to 1865 there was a tariff upon tubes and
floes which had been varying from 5 cents a
pound until it came to be 2^ cents per pound
by the act of 1864. On the 3d day of March,
1865, an act was passed, the second section of
which provided that from and after its passage
an additional duty of 1 cent per pound should
be imposed on various articles mentioned,
among which were " wrought-iron tubes."
The law as it had previously existed did not
make any distinction between tubes and flues;
they all paid a duty of 2J cento per pound; but
when the act of 1865 went into force imposing
an additional duty of 1 cent per pound on
wrought iron tubes, which term tne law-makers
appear to have understood as embracing the
whole class, it was claimed that as the word
"flues" was omitted they remained at the old
duty of 2} cents per pound; and after that
nothing was imported but fines. The very
same things that had previously come in as
flues or tubes indifferently were suddenly con-
verted and came in only as flues.
The committee in their examination of this
subject had before them within the same hour
a manufacturer and importer; they both exam-
ined the same article—that which is now upon
the desk of my colleague on the committee,
[Mr. Keulet,] and one of them said it was a
tube, while the other said it was a flue; and
neither could give the committee any satisfac-
tory explanation why it should be called either
a tube or a flue. The fact is the whole diffi-
culty aro3e from having taken away the uniform
duty upon tubes and flues, putting an increased
duty on tubes alone. The Treasury Depart-
ment has finally settled that difficulty by decid-
ing that the word "tubes" in the law of 1865
includes both tubes and flues; that it is a gen-
eric term, bo that now they all coine in at 3J
cents per pound ; which seems to have been the
intention of the law- makers. We now propose
to sweep away nil differences between tubes
and flues, putting them all in, not at the pres-
ent rate of 8| cents per pound, but at 3 cents,
which is half way between what the duty is
claimed to be on oneside and whatitis claimed
to be on the other. If gentlemen leave the
present law in force they continue the duty
°' cents per pound on all these articles,
according to the latest construction of the
lreasury Department. If the amendment be
adop^d, it imposes a uniform duty of 3 cents
Per pound, halt' a cent lower than is now paid.
Th« CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend*
ment is exhausted.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Brooks, of New York.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
88, noes 50; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rula^rdered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Brooks, of New
York, and Mr. Kei/ley.
Tho committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 54, noes Gl.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows: |
On tinned iron, known as tin plates, and on iron
or tin plates galvanized, and on iron coated with
■inc or any other metal, 21 cents per pound.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move in line four hundred
and ten to strike out the words " tinned iron,
known as tin plates, and on," so it will read
"on iron or tin plates galvanized," &c.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, I am
glad to see this returning sense of justice. I
can, however, scarcely form an opinion as to
how it is the gentleman himself should make
this amendment. I suppose it is because of
the clamor made in the country on this ques-
tion. I do not know precisely what the effect
of the gentleman's amendment may be. But
it is gratifying always to see the gentleman
yield somewhat to the public clamor, that even
the Committee of Ways and Means itself will
sometimes give heed to the voice that comes
up from among the people.
Here is a proposition to tax an article which
enters into the use of almost every family in
! the land, and which the committee proposed
j to tax at the rate of 2} cents per pound. Why
j did the Committee of Ways and Means report
this tax and now ask that it be stricken out?
! Why did they seek to tax an article entering
so generally into use among the poorer people
' of the country as this? I wish the gentleman
from Ohio, when he proposes an amendment
! of this kind, to give us some idea of the prin-
ciple on which it is founded. When the com-
mittee report a clause, and then come in after-
ward and change that clause, we ought to
have the reason for the change. We supposed
after the committee had traveled all over
the country, as they did during last summer,
they had come to their conclusions npon just
and proper grounds. We could not believe
that they had formed their opinions capri-
ciously.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose, and Mr.
Scofixld having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, a message was received from the
Senate, by Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, notify-
ing the House that that body insisted upon
its amendments, disagreed to by the House,
to the bill (H. R. No. 1084) to incorporate
the Washington Market Company, agreed to
the conference asked by the House on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and
had appointed Mr. Morrill, of Vermont,
Mr. Hamlin, and Mr. Stockton as conferees
on its part.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the House of the
following titles, without amendment:
An act(H. R. No. 869) to authorize the issu-
ing of a certificate of registry or enrollment to
the schooners Zenos Snow and Patriot;
An act (H. R. No. 1611) for the relief of
Friend A. Brainard ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1912) to extend the time
within which persons elected to office may
take the oath of office prescribed in an act en-
titled "An act to admit the State of Texas
to representation in the Congress of the United
States," approved March 30, 1870.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution and bills
of the folio wingtitles; in which the concurrenje
rence of the House was requested:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 49) directing
the Secretary of the Interior to issue a pateut
to the Indiana yearly meetir\gof the Society of
Friends for a certain tract of land in the Shaw-
nee reservation ;
An act (S. No. 484) for the relief of Helen
M. Stansbury, widow of Major Howard Stans-
bury, deceased;
An act (S. No. 616) to repeal certain sections
of acts passed by the territorial Legislature of
Wyoming;
An act (S. No. 638j amendatory of an act
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Central
Pacific railroad, in California, to Portland, in
Oregon, approved July 25, 1866; and
An act (a. No. 789) to authorize the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle and
close the account of Hinton Rowan Helper.
TARIFF.
The committee resumed^its session.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to have a letter
read on this subject which I received from a
merchant of Milwaukee, a Republican mer-
chantof great influence in his party, and when
the letter has been tead I will surrender the
floor.
The Clerk read as follows:
Milwaukee, February 8,1870.
Dxab Sib : I understand the tariff report by Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, among other things,
makes the duty on tin platespecific at2i cents, which
nearly doubles the present duty. I can assure you
thigwould be a very great mistake. Thisarticle en-
ters into universal consumption, and is virtually a
raw material. It is used for roofing purposes, cans
for fruit, vegetables, oysters, blacking, and a thou-
sand and one useful articles. The duty is too high
now. I would rather see it reduced than advanced,
and trust, if consistent with your views, you will use
your influence and vote to have the duty remain as
it is.
Very truly, yours, JOHN NAZRO.
Hon. charles A. Eldridge, Washington, D. C.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not understand that
debate is exhausted. Before my time was up
the gentleman from Wisconsin, in his eager-
ness to get at this matter, took me off the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I beg the gentleman's
pardon. I did not intend to do that.
Mr. SCHENCK. I merely yielded for a
question, as I understood.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wished to have an
explanation of the action of the committee.
Mr. SCHENGK. Ifthe committee will allow
me, I will gratify the gentleman with the explan-
ation he desires. The old description was
"iron known as tin plates galvanized;" that
is, not iron, but tin galvanized. In making up
this bill, having reference to the language of
the old law and this together, the paragraph
took the shape in which it now appears in the
bill. But it was not more than two or three
days afterward when, in looking over the bill,
it was discovered that a mistake had been
committed. Attention was directed to it, and
the committee immediately agreed that it was
not intended to charge the rate on common tin
plates, and directed the correction to be made.
The record of this action the gentleman, if he
is curious, will find in the committee-room,
and he will also see there that the correction
was made a long time ago, before we knew
whether it would meet the approval or the
disapproval of the gentleman from Wisconsin.
But the gentleman from Wisconsin is so anx-
ious to have a fling at the cotnmittee that even
when he is in favor of an amendment of the
committee he .has to get up and insist that
there is some wrong motive about it. He
ought to be ashamed of himself. [Laughter.]
Sir. ELDRIDGE. i proceeded on the gen-
eral presumption that the committee intended
what they put in the bill, and that they must
have had some motive for it. They so often
act in that way that such a presumption, I
think, was warrantable.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know any gentle-
man who has more presumption than the gen-
tlemau from Wisconsin. The truth is that as
j this was not iuteuded it was a long time since
