1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25?
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. op Reps.
iroD, and wool so as to establish a market
price to -which the imported article mast con-
form; while of tin, spices, flax, and silk we
either produce nothing or our production is
not such as to establish the price or to compete
with the imported articles. Hence, upon the
former articles the duty falls on the importer;
upon the latter, on tho consumer. The one
paid by the British producer makes him grum-
ble, the other paid by ourselves he regards with
indifference.
THE BEAL POINT AT ISSUE
Is the possession of the American market,
and the struggle is between the domestic and
the foreign producer. The latter naturally
watches with jealousy all legislation tending
to foster a competing home industry. When
there is no such competing home industry he
looks upon our tariff as a burden imposed
upon ourselves, in which he has no share.
Hence, he seeks to persuade us that coal and
iron and salt and wool should be admitted to
our market in free competition with the same
articles of our own production ; and is quite
content to let us tax his tin and spices and
flax and silk, with which we are unable to com-
pete. He has the market for these articles
and can fix his own price upon them. With
regard to such articles as from the nature of
our climate or tho geological formation of the
country we cannot produce there is for us no
alternative; we must import them and pay
for them the original cost and all other charges,
including our own duties. About these the
foreign opponents of our tariff have no con-
troversy with us.
The real and only contest is over such arti-
cles alone as we do produce and can produce,
with no limit but the supply of labor and capi-
tal; and tho true question for us to consider
is whether as to such articles, especially those
of prime necessity, it is better, everything
considered, to reserve our own market for our
own productions, or to throw it open to the
equal competition of all the world. In the
former case we adhere to the policy of legis-
lating with a view to foster and encourage our
home industries ; in the latter we remove the
duties from every imported article which finds
a rival in the American producer.
IS THE TARIFF A TAX?
The answer to this inquiry must turn on the
definition of the word "tax," otherwise we are
in danger of being entangled in the very com-
mon sophistry of employing language in one
sense when stating the premises, and in another
and wholly different sense when deducing the
conclusions. It lias been confidently asserted
that " a tariff is a tax," and "that a tariff on
imports is, nn der all circumstances, a tax which
is paid wholly or in part by the consumer."
A tax, in political science, is a sum of money
levied by authority, directly or indirectly, from
the citizen for the support of the Government.
Money and other things may be collected for
the same purpose, which are not taxes, at
least within this definition, the " sound dues"
formerly levied and collected by Denmark, for
instance.
A tariff is a sum of money exacted from the
importation of foreign merchandise. It is a
duty, not a tax, a burden in rem and not in
personam, enforced when necessary by a pro-
ceeding against the property itself. " Taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises," is the language
of the Constitution, never tautological. But it
is assumed that the importer, in turn, exacts it
from the citizen to whom he sells ; or, to state
the proposition differently, that the tariff in-
variably and necessarily forms a part of tho
priee and is paid by the consumer. And it is
insisted that the priee of all like articles of
domestic production is equally enhanced as a
necessary effect of the tariff; that the duty of
$1 25 per ton on bituminous coal, for instance,
increases the price just so much to the con-
41st Cong, 2d Sess.—No. 17.
sumers not only of the 100,000 tons imported
from England and the 230,000 from Nova
Scotia, but of the 4,000,000 tons from the
mines of the United States; and it is further
argued that while the Government receives
but $412,500 duty on the coal imported, the
American miners receive on their production
$5,000,000, and that it all comes from the hard-
used, over-taxed consumers. This has been
asserted so often, with respect especially to
coal, salt, iron, and wool, that a belief has re-
sulted from the continued reiteration. It would
follow, then, as a corollary, that no duty should
be imposed upon these articles, or indeed upon
any others that compete with the growth or
production of our own country.
If this doctrine is true of these articles, it is
true of all others ; for example of butter, cheese,
potatoes, and wheat. The duty on butter and
cheese is 4 cents per pound, on potatoes 25
cents per bushel, and on wheat 20 cents per
bushel. Now, will any man be bold enough or
reckless enough to assert that the duty of 4
cents per pound upon butter enhances to the
consumers by so much the price not only of the
0,650,000 pounds imported from Canada, but
also of the entire produce of our own dairies ;
or that the like duty of 4 cents per pound on
cheese adds 4 cents per pound to the consump-
tion prices of American cheese as well as of tho
1,500,000 pounds imported from Canada, the
1,175,000 pounds from France, and the 250,000
from England ; or that the duty of 20 ceutsper
bushel on wheat adds that sum or any sum
to the price either of American wheat, or of
the 1,500,000 bushels imported from Canada :
or lastly that the duty of 25 cents per bushel
on potatoes is an addition of 25 cents a bushel
to the market price of our whole potato crop,
as well as of the 170,000 bushels imported from
Nova Scotia? The folly of such an assertion
would be so apparent as to impose upon no-
body ; it would be a subject of universal ridicule.
Were the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Mar-
shall] to go before his constituents and try to
convince them that Congress had in the slight-
est degree raised or lowered the price of their
wheat crop by raising or lowering the duty on
imported wheat, the very plow-boys would laugh
him to scorn. And yet it is just as true when
applied to these articles and to Indian corn,
beef, pork, and hams, as it is when applied to
coal, salt, iron, wool, and many others. In
none of the instances enumerated does the
tariff affect the market price of either the do-
mestic or the imported article. The prices are
regulated by the home supply, and the importer
must conform to them and pay duties and other
expenses out of tho proceeds of his sales.
How much these amount to tho purchaser
neither inquires nor cares. Such is the result
invariably and under all circumstances when
the domestic production approximates the de-
mand so nearly as to regulate the price in our
market, as is the case with the articles enum-
erated.
He who takes coals to Newcastle for sale
must sell at Newcastle prices and pay all ex-
penses. A load of Canadian wheat in the mar-
ket of Chicago, Milwaukee, or Buffalo sells
no higher than a similar load from Iowa, Min-
nesota, or Illinois. Yet the owner must pay
the duty of 20 cents per bushel, besides all his
other expenses, and pocket only the net pro-
ceeds.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. With the gen-
tleman's permission, I would ask him a ques-
tion. I ask the gentleman whether what is
brought in from abroad, together with what is
produced at home, does not undoubtedly form
the total supply upon which must necessarily
be based the prices. I ask if prices are not
based on the whole supply made up from both
these sources, and if it is quite correct, there-
fore, to saythat the Milwaukee supply regulates
the prices of Milwaukee products; if it is not
rather correct to say that the price, results
from the total of the Milwaukee product, pins
the foreign product added to them ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I think when I have stated
my propositions the gentleman will see that
we are not very wide apart. The profession
to which he and I belong recognizes the prin-
ciple " de minimis non curat lex." I was
attempting to show that, when the domestic
production is so great in comparison with the
demand as to fix the market price a small
importation does not affect it either with re-
spect to the imported or to the domestic arti-
cle. It follows, then, that the duty on all such
articles is paid by the importer for the privi-
lege of our market, and does not under any cir-
cumstances fall upon the consumer. It is not,
therefore, a tax—not being levied from the citi-
zen, but from the stranger who brings his com-
modities for trade. This our English brethren
and onr Canadian neighbors Understand per-
fectly well; nobody better. Hence the loud
complaints and bitter invectives against what
they denounce as our unenlightened and illib-
eral policy.
I was interested yesterday, as I always am
in listening to my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Marshall,J when he attempted to show how
grievously the farmer is taxed at his " humble
meal" which he eats with taxed knifeand fork,
from a taxed plate, &c. I wondered that it did
not occur to him to go a little further and show
how grievously he is taxed inrcspeetof the food
on the table: the bread made from flour taxed
20 per cent., ground from wheat that pays 20
cents a bushel; cakes made from the flour
of rye, taxed 10 per cent., made from grain
which is taxed 15 cents a bushel, dressed with
butter and relished with cheese taxed 4 cents
per pound; ham taxed 2 cents per pound,
flanked with eggs taxed 10 per cent, ad valo-
rem-, pork taxed 1 cent per pound, seasoned
with mustard taxed 10 cents per pound; beef
taxed 1 cent a pound, garnished with onions
taxed 10 per cent, ad valorem; potatoes taxed
25 centsper bushel, and other vegetables taxed
10 per cent, ad valorem, and so on to the end.
It is just as true that these articles are taxed
to the American consumer as that the various
articles are taxed mentioned by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] or the articles
mentioned by our other colleague on the com-
mittee, the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] which contribute to swell" the tax on
man when in his cloth." We have all been
amused with the catalogue raisonne of Eng-
lish taxes as given by Sydney Smith fiftyyears
ago. 1 cannot say whether the gentlemen have
improved upon their prototype. They have
certainly given us something lively, something
pleasant to hear and delightful to read. It
sounds well. It is very epigrammatic and full of
point. It lacks only one small but not unimport-
ant ingredient—truth. The very best evidence
that the people are not taxed in this regard
is found in the admitted and often-repeated
fact that they do not know it. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] declares that the
mass of the people are "unconsciously" pay-
ing tax, but that they "do not see how it is
done." Other gentlemen on that side have
found equal difficulty in explaining to the com-
mon understanding "howit is done," or that it
, is" done " at all. I will only suggest that taxes
| which are not felt cannot be very burdensome.
[ There is another class of articles to which
this principle does not apply ; those, I mean,
that are not produced in this country. I have
mentioned tin and spices; I will add tea and
coffee imported wholly, without any domestic
competition. It was coffee, the committee
will recollcct, which :ny friend from Illinois
[Mr. Marshall] used to illustrate his doctrine
that the duty is necessarily and under all cir-
cumstances a tax upon the consumers. He
said that coffee paying a duty of 5 cent3 per
