1272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
services of five brigadier generals who receive
over four thousand dollars a year each in salaries
and perquisites, and some of whom are special
agents of the Post Office Department besides
being officers of the Army. Sir, this has grown
to be a great abase. The proviso is drawn in
the same form as one offered by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schbnck] when Andrew John-
Bon was President of the United States, who
had but two officers of the Army about him,
whereas the present President has five officers
of the Army. Now, as this is an economical
House, Mid as we have been debating hereabout
saving shillings and sixpences, I propose to
save $25,000 by this one proposition alone. I
have therefore offered this amendment in good
faith.
Mr. DAWES. I submit that a point of order
is not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is aware of
that fact, bnt supposed the gentleman from
Massachusetts did not insist on the enforcement
of the rule. The Chair understands the point
of order to be that the amendment is not ger-
mane.
Mr. DAWES. It is not germane to the pend-
ing paragraph, which relates to the Potomac
bridge.
Mr. WOOD. No, sir; this paragraph re-
lates to appropriations for the Executive Man-
sion, and my amendment is germane and per-
tinent to any item of appropriation under the
head of Executive Mansion. It prohibits the
President from employing officers he is not
authorized by law to employ.
Mr. DAWES. Each paragraph is treated
as a section by itself.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules that the proposed
amendment is not germane to the pending
paragraph.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill;
and the following paragraph was read:
For reporting the decisions of the court, clerical
hire, labor in preparing and superintending the
printing of the fifth volume of the report of the
Court of Claims, to be paid on the order of the court,
$1,000.
Mr. COOK. I move to amend the paragraph
just read by striking out "$1,000" and insert-
ing "$1,800." The fourth volume of the de-
cisions of the Court of Claims has not yet been
published. The duty of editing and preparing
these volumes of decisions rests upon thejudges
alone. This subject has been before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and that committee in-
structed me to prepare and report a bill giving
this Court of Claims a clerk of the fourth class,
it being apparent that the decisions of the court
could not be published except by the aid of a
clerk having some legal knowledge. The
judges of the Court of Claims say they cannot
prepare and publish these decisions in accord-
ance with the law without the aid of a lawyer as a
clerk. If an appropriation is made giving them
a fourth-class clerk the decisions can be pub-
lished. The fourth volume of these decisionsis
not yet published, although the law requires that
these decisions shall be published, and copies
furnished to snch heads of bureaus and Depart-
ments as may have business before them of a
like character. I make this motion because
this amendment will answer instead of the bill
which I was directed by the Committee on the J
Judiciary to prepare and report. I
_Mr. LAWRENCE. I hope this amendment '
will not prevail. This bill, as it came from the
Committee on Appropriations, provides that
there shall be appropriated—
For reporting the decisions of the court, clerical
hire, labor in preparing and superintending the
printing of the fifth volume of the report of the Court
of Claims, to be paid on the orderof the court, $1,000.
It is proposed now to increase that amount,
as I understand the amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] to $1,800. By
the original law, under which this Court of
Claims was organized, it was made the duty of
the court to report to Congress their decisions
in cases tried by them. Some time after that, j
as I understand it, they began to report their
decisions for publication, and they have pub-
lished a few volumes of their valuable decisions.
The opinions are all written out by the judges,
of course, and in most of them I suppose a
syllabus of the case is also prepared by the
judge delivering the opinion, as is the general
practice of judges in the national as well as in
the State courts. They also make a statement
of facts upon which the opinion is pronounced.
The clerk of the court has heretofore reported
these decisions, had the books printed, and has
sold them, realizing out of the sales, I Suppose,
a profit; or he would not have published the
volumes. For a year or two back, I believe,
provision has been made for allowing the clerk
some additional compensation for these ser-
vices ; and it is because of this usage which has
grown up that we find in the bill, as it came
from the Committee on Appropriations, a pro-
vision alio wing $1,000 addition al compensation
to aid the clerk in preparing these volumes of
reports.
Now, sir, I undertake to say that if you make
no provision for the clerk at all he will still
continue to report these decisions, and will
make a profit out of it. I undertake to say
further that you can employ a lawyer for less
compensation than is provided in this bill to
do all that is contemplated by this provision;
and it is simply totally unnecessary to increase
the amount recommended by the Committee
on Appropriations. Any lawyer would be glad
to have an opportunity to report these decis-
ions and take lor his compensation the profits
which he can make by selling the book.
Mr. COOK. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a Question ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
Mr. COOK. Is there any sale for these'
reports outside of Washington ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. There is some call for
them. Every lawyer who practices in the Court
of Claims wants them, and all the State libra-
ries want them and purchase them, and many
of the other public libraries throughout the
United States purchase them; but. at all
events, the volumes have been heretofore pub-
lished without this increased allowance which
the gentleman from Illinois proposes.
Mr. COOK. Is the gentleman aware that
there is one volume of these reports now await-
ing publication ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Yes; but it will be
published. If nobody else will publish it I
would be willing to do so for less compensa-
tion than that which this bill provides.
Mr. PETERS. Is not the gentleman aware
that experience has shown that the sale of the
book does not pay the expenses of publication ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I know that experience
has shown that it has uniformly been pub-
lished.
Mr. PETERS. There is one volume on hand
now.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I will guaranty that it
will be published if the appropriation pro-
vided in the bill be made. I prepared for pub-
lication one volume of Ohio reports for much
less money.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the
amendment of my colleague on the Judiciary
Committee [Mr. Cook] by adding one dollar.
This matter was considered by the Judiciary
Committee at the first session of the present
Congress, and a bill was reported allowing this
rate of compensation for the annual publica-
tion of the reports of the Court of Claims.
That bill was passed by this House without, I
believe, a division. By the report of the Ju- I
diciary Committee in the Senate it appears |
that owing to the lateness of the session, the ]
termination of which was then fixed by joint
resolution, the committee were not able to con-
sider and report the bill. Hence it failed at
the last session. We have reconsidered the
matter  j
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask the gen- J
tleman whether he has any knowledge as to the f [
amount that is realized from the sale of these
reports at the bookstores ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Our information was that
there is no considerable sale for the books •
that the sales do no more than pa}' the expenses
of publication ; that there is no profit arising
from the publication of the book. The object
of this allowance of $1,800 is to pay for the
employment of a fourth-class clerk to assist in
editing this volume. By the existing law the
clerk of the court is required to furnish annu-
ally to the heads of bureaus copies of the de-
cisions made by the Court of Claims. There
was no provision for editing and publishing
these reports in proper form in a volume until
this arrangement was made by the judges.
They thereupon came before the committee to
ask that an appropriation be made to the
amountof$l,800, to pay the necessary expense
of clerk hire in editing and putting in proper
form these reports. Accordingly, as I said
before, the House agreed to the proposition,
and the Senate never objected to it. The only
difference between the amount reported by the
Committee on Appropriations and the sum
proposed in the motion of the gentleman from
Illinoisis $800. The bill proposes to pay $1,000
for this purpose. We desire to add to that
sum $800, for the simple reason that we have
been already assured that a less sum than
$1,800 will not compensate the necessary cleri-
cal force in preparing this volume.
My colleague [Mr. Lawrence] has truly said
that these reports are valuable to the country;
and that is a reason why they should be pub-
lished in such a form as to make them access-
ible and useful to those in both the legislative
and executive departments of the Government
who are interested in ascertaining the rulings
of the court from time to time.
; Mr. LAWRENCE. They are printed at the
Government Printing Office.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir; and published
by Morrison Brothers; but no profit accrues
| from the publication.
j Mr. DAWES. The clerk of the Court of
Claims waa before the Committee on Appro-
priations for the purpose of advocating this
increase, which it seems is recommended by
the Judiciary Commjttee; but his application
to us was for $2,000. Our committee investi-
gated this matter with considerable care, and
was satisfied that the usual appropriation,
$1,000, is sufficient. I regret that the clerk
has gone from the Committee on Appropria-
tions to the Committee on the Judiciary in
order to get an act through to establish this
office. One thousand dollars has been the
appropriation heretofore made for this purpose,
and our committee thought it would be suffi-
cient hereafter. The opinions are required by
law to be prepared just as they appear in these
volumes, and to be printed. I do not see that
anything needs to be done except to put them
together and make a syllabus of each case.
Mr. COOK. Does it not require a lawyer
to make that syllabus ?
| Mr. DAWES. The clerk of the court will
| do it. At any rate the opinion of the Com-
j mittee on Appropriations is that there is no
! necessity for an increased appropriation. Here-
; tofore one of the judges has done this work as
| incidental to his office. He is now employed
| about something elBe. The clerk is just as
competent to do it, and will do it for the sum
which the bill proposes to appropriate.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Every judge ought to
prepare the report of his own decisions.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to insert $500,
instead of $800, so as to make it $1,500.
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Appropriations my
attention has been directed to this subject, in
common with that of the other gentlemen on
that committee; and I regret I am compelled
somewhat to differ with the committee in its
action on this subject. I have given the matter
