2216
THE GOMBESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
March 25,
main question ordered; and under the opera?
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
wasaccordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ROBERT T. KIRKPATRIOK.
Mr. STOKES, fromthe Committee of Claims,
reported, with a recommendation that it pass,
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 209) author-
izing the Secretary of War to audit and pay
the claim of Robert T. Kirkpatrick, a loyal
citizen of Tennessee; which was read a first
and second tinle.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary of
War to examine and pay the claim of Robert
T. Kirkpatrick, of Nashville, Tennessee, for
materials taken and used by military order in
building a fort lot the defense of that city,
provided that the amount shall not exceed
$'20,523, and provided that this settlement
shall be final.
Mr. STOKES. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. McGREW. I call for the reading of
the report.
The report was read. It states that the
papers on file prove that on the 23d of April,
1803, General J. D. Morgan appointed a board
of appraisers, consisting of General A- C. Gil-
lem, A. V. S. Lindsley, and Edward II. East,
loyal citizens, to appraise the house and grounds
of Kirbpatrick, a loyal citizen of Nashville.
The damages which would result IVom the con-
struction of military works upon the property
wero assessed by the appraisers at $20,528.
On the 28th of April, 1863, Lieutenant George
Burroughs, of the United States engineers,
gave Kirkpatriclc notice to leave the premises
so that tho work on tho proposed fort might be
commenced. Kirkpatrick states, under oath,
that he was subjected to ait expense of $4,600
by being compelled to leave his premises and
rent a house elsawhero. James R. Willet, late
major of tho United States veteran velntiteer
engineers, states under oath that he examined
the premises before tho demolition of the build-
ings, and estimates that they were worth at that
time $25,000. lie farther states that he is
acquainted with the value of buildings, being
an architect and civil engineer. Major General
George II. Thomas states that Kirkpatrick is
entitled to indemnity for the use of his property,
as he is now and has always been loyal to tho
United States. The loyalty of the claimant is also
proved by Governor Brownxow and others.
General licsecrans assured the claimant he
would be reimbursed. The property of Russel
Houston and Ambrose Morrison was embraced
within the limits of tho same fort as that of the
claimant. Houston and Mot-lison have long
since been paid for1 their property according to
appraisement. The claims commission organ-
ized by order of Secretary Stanton examined
and allowed the claim of Kirkpatrick. General
Grant, having been appointed Secretary of War
ad interim, sent the award to the Judge Advo-
cate General of the Army, who gave his opinion
that the War Department had no legal authority
to settle claims of this nature, bat that they
should bo referred to Congress. The commit-
tee state that they have no doubt of tho justice
of the claim or tho loyalty of the claimant
during and since the rebellion, and that there
was a fair contract for reimbursement between
the officers of the Governmentand t.he claimant.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a point of order;
that this bill contains an appropriation and
must be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
examine whether it is or is not an appropria-
tion bill. The gentleman makes the point too
late.
Mr. WQ@Di I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stokes] one or
two questions.
Mr. STOKES. Certainly,
Mr. WOOD. In the first place I wish to
inquire of the gentleman whether this case of
cine of his constituents is not precisely'similar
in principle to a multitude of cases in all the
border States of the Union, where men who
were loyal during the War and whose property
was taken for public purposes have applied
to every Congress that sat since the war and
have received no relief whatever? Should
there not be a general law to pay all such
claims if we pay any?
Mr. STOKES. Mr. Speaker, I take pleas-
ure in answering the question of the gentle-
man from New York. This is outside of the
general cases of which my friend speaks. This
is a ease of property ordered to be taken by
tho authorities.
Mr. WOOD. All the property that was
taken was taken by order of Army officers.
Mr. STOKES. I will explain this to your
satisfaction and to the satisfaction of every
member of the House. This claim is based
upon a contract made by the authorities of the
Federal Government. Mr. Kirkpatrick, Mr.
Morrison, and Mr. Houston owned three
dwellings and the ground attached to them,
and the Government took them, desiring to
erect what is known as Eort Dan McOook for
the protection of Nashville. The Government
had possession of the country. Under orders
three commissioners were appointed to go upon
the ground. They went upon tho premises.
They examined the property and assessed the
damages. Mr. Morrison and Mr. Houston
applied to tho War Department. Tho board of
commissioners recommended their payment,
and Mr. Stanton, who was then in otlice, or-
dered the payment of Mr. Morrison and Mr.
Houston. Mr. Kirkpatrick, being rather slow,
did not apply when theydid. Whenhedidapply
General Grant was in authority. General Grant
referred the matter to General Holt, the Judge
Advocate General, and Judge Holt reported
that he could find tio authority for paying it.
Tho Government of the United States took
Mr. Kirkpatrick'a window-cashes, his doors,
and his marble, and sold them and put the pro-
coeds into the Treasury. There Was ft contract
made with the Government. I may state that the
Committee of Claims, without one dissenting
voice, agreed that this was a contract by the
Government with these parties, and that if tho
House refused to pass this claim it would be
nothing but high-handed repudiation. There
was a contract and this man is entitled to pay
for this property. Mr. Kirkpatrick called upon
the authorities and asked them to allow him to
take possession of the Window-sashes, doors,
and marble, and the Government authorities
replied, "We can do no such thing; the Gov-
ernment has assessed it; we have taken pos-
session of it, aud itisno longeryour property."
I now propose to close unless some gentle-
man desires to ask me another question.
Mr. Speaker, 1 state upon this floor that this
is not similar to the claims for damages. I
repeat that this is not like tlje other claims
which have been referred to, and will not estab-
lish a precedent, I would willingly agree with
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] to
a general bill framed properly, so .that these
claims could be audited and settled and the
Government pay what is due to these claim-
ants. But this, I repeat, is outside of such
general claims. It is founded upon a bona fide
contract with the Government, aud we ought
not to refuse to pay our honest debts.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will say I think ho is entirely in error,
according to his own statement of this Case, that
it stands alorie. During my experience in Con-
gress since the war I have seen presented from
Virginia, from his own State of Tennessee,
from Kentucky, from Maryland, indeed from j
all the bordeir States, questions precisely of the
same ch£l'ket&'; indeed;'of ^more a'nd greater I
merit than this case, where not only the Sec-
retary of War approved them, but where the
Auditor of the Treasury had audited the claim,
and finally the Secretary of the Treasury or-
dered it not to be paid until Congress remedied
some technical difficulty. It is impossible to
.present any claim like this here and establish
a precedent by which other cases shall be
denied the. same right. The gentleman says
that this claim was reported unanimously from
the Committee of Claims. Well, sir, every
man like this Mr. Kirkpatrick has not the
influence to procure from that committee a
unanimous report. Every claimant of this
character cannot Come up and lobby through
this Hous% a claim of this sort.
Mr. STOKES. I wish to correct the gen-
tleman from New York. So far as Mr. Kirk-
patrick is concerned he has never attempted
to lobby in this House. _ Ho has never offered
anything in regard to this claim. He does not
belong to that stripe of men who lobby and
try to swindle this House into an unjust claim.
Mr. WOOD. Others, then, may not be so
persevering as Mr. Kirkpatrick. He probably
has discharged all the duty of that kind which
Mr. Kirkpatrick would have discharged had he
been here in propria persona.
Mr. STOKES. I have examined the case
and I find it clear, and so did the committee.
And any insinuation that Mr. Kirkpatrick or
anybody else ever lobbied or attempted to use
influence in regard to this case, except upon
its clear merits under a solemn contract made
and entered into with the Government, is di-
rectly the contrary of what is true.
Mr. WOOD. I wish to say that if the House
passes this bill it must be prepared to vote
$100,000,000 to satisfy claims as valid and as
meritorious as this.
Mr. STOKES. To that statement I will
reply that if the gentleman from New York
or any other member on this floor will present
a claim that is as just under a contract with
the Government, then the Committee of Claims
will recommend the payment of it; and I invite
my friend from New York to present the claims
that he speaks of.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I de-
sir© that the House should clearly understand
the merits of this case, and it may then deal with
it as it sees fit; but before I make a statement
I wish to ask the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] if he is opposed to the passage of
this bill?
Mr. WOOD. 1 will answer tho gentleman's
question. I ana in favor of paying every man
whose private property has been taken for pub-
lic purposes, and who didnotparticipate in the
rebellion against the Government; butlam not
in favor of selecting an •individual case, to the
exclusion of all others, to be paid.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
think the gentleman has said enough to satisfy
the House that he ought not to take up our
morning hoar in opposing this case, for*from
what he has said it appears that he is in favor
of the claim. That the House may understand
the peculiar position of this case I shall briefly
state the facts. Early in the war the Govern-
ment took possession of the property known as
Morrison's and Kirkpatrick'splaces. Before
they took possession they sent a commission
who went and appraised the property which
they proposed to take on these places, the
Secretary of War ordering that commission;
the President also giving instruction in regard
to the course which should be taken as to this
property. This commission proceeded to ap-
praise the property on these two places and
removed the building, their action, as I have
stated, being sanctioned by the Secretary of
War and by tho President of the United States.
There ! las been no question regarding loyalty.
We have paid Mr. Morrison for his property.
Mr. Delano, when chairman of the committee,
reported a bill for that purpose. Mr. Kirkpat-
rick haa not been paid. His claim is under a
contract; the Government of thoUaited States
