5048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
while applying it to the same general purpose,
making it mean directly the contrary of what
it was as originally proposed. But the ques-
tion here is whether'there can be ingrafted
on a bill for the regulation of duties and of
customs an amendment in relation to servile
labor. The Senator from New York under-
takes to justify that on the ground that one is
just as much a regulation of commerce as the
other. That Senator [Mr. Cokkling]—I say
it with much deference to him and to his greater
experience on these subjects—might just as
well, on the same ground precisely, have offered
liisbill on the subject of naturalization, because
naturalization is a subject that relates to for-
eigners coming to this country, and being pas-
sengers they are a matter for regulation by
Congress under the power to regulate com-
merce. One illustration is just as complete
as the other, and indeed I am not certain that
it is not a little closer to the argument which
the Senator intended to make than the one
which he suggested.
I do not think that in any view of the case,
however, whether as a question of order or as
n question of fitness of discussion, the Senate
will engage in a debate upon the bill of the
Senator from Nevada offered as an amend-
ment by the Senator from New York, under
existing circumstances. I need not say to those
who have taken any interest in my views on
the subject that I am at least as much opposed
to the introduction of Chinese labor into this
country as the Senator who introduced the bill
in the first place, or the Senator who has offered
it now as an amendment, or any other Senator
who has expressed his views on the subject.
Jloie than a year ago I took my position in
my own State on this important question. I
was assailed for it by the entire press of the
dominant party in the Union. I am not
aware that one single Senator of the Adminis-
tration party raised his voice at that time to
aid the feeble testimony which I sought, then
to give 'for the rights of the natural labor of
the country.
1 do not say that now to complain or to
mark any contrast. The subject is too moment-
ous for any such style of discussion. I atn'only
too glad to welcome the important aid which
seems about to come to the standard of (he
labor of the United States against the degraded
and degrading labor of Asia. The bill of the
Senator from Nevada has this objection in my
humble judgment 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that it is
my business to enforce the rule, but I ask if
the five-minute rule is not to be enforced ?
Mr. CONKL1NG. The five-minute limita-
tion does not apply to this question. This is
a question of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to get the
decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the ap-
prehension of the Chair that rule does not
apply to a question of order.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask the Senator from
California to give way to me.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall be through in a mo-
ment, and I should have been through before
this time if it had not been for these interrup-
tions.
The objection to the bill of the Senator from
Nevada is that it is a bill which, in my judg-
ment, accomplishes nothing. I shall be ready,
however, to proceed to the consideration of
that bill whenever it pleases the Senate to take
it up, and the sooner the better. I am in favor
of'just as strong and just as operative a bill as
the Senate is willing to pass on the subject. I
shall be most happy to give any aid which is in
my humble power to bring about the protection
and deliverance which the Senate owes to the
laboring people of the United States on this
subject, and which this Congress must give
them before it adjourns for this session, or
stand forever condemned.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Sohukz,] withdraws his
amendment, and the amendment to the amend-
ment and the question of order fall with it.
Mr. STEWART. I want to say a word on
that question of order. I wish to say that this
bill which has been offered here as an amend-
ment would have been passed a month ago but
for the Senator from California. If he com-
menced last year to get ready on this ques-
tion 
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of
order. I insist that the rule shall be enforced.
Mr. STEWART. I have been laboring very
hard to get this matter to the attention of the
Senate 
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall claim the right to
reply.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call the Senator from
Nevada to order. The question on which he
assumes to speak is not before the Senate, and
I insist on the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The tax bill"
is before the Senate as in Committed; of the
Whole, and open to amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 wish to offer an amendment
to line two hundred and thirty-five of the forty-
seventh section of the House bill, on page 99.
The Committee on Finance offered an amend-
ment, which was adopted, to that line, putting
the duty on nickel at twenty-five cents a pound.
I move to strike out ''twenty-five" and insert
'' thirty-five."
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not in order. The
amendment of the Committee on Finance has
been adopted in Committee of the Whole, and
cannot be amended now.
Mr. SCOTT. Is ilnot in orderatthis time?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment can be moved when the bill is reported
to the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well. Then I have
another amendment to offer as an additional
section:
And b& it furtlifr onttcfal. That, from und after the
1st day of January next there shall bo an executive
depaitmcnt, to bo denominated tho department of
revenue, and thorc fihal! bo appointed by tho Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of theSen-
ate, a principal officer, to bo callcd the secretary of
the department ol'revenue, who shall perform and
execute sill the powers and duties now intrusted to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, which office
shall then eeaso to exist; mid alt the powers and
duties now by law intrusted to the Soerotary of tho
Treasury in the collection of the revenue, whether
derived fiom customs duties.internal taxes, or other-
wise, are hereby tranuoiied to and invested in the
secretary of tile department of revenue from and
after his appointment. And tho President is hereby
authorized to assign to tho department of revenno
such portions of the Treasury building as are neces-
sary for the proper discharge of tho business of such
department. And the compensation of tho secre-
tary herein provided for shall be 63,000 annually.
There shall also be appointed by the President, by
and with tho advice and consent of tho Senate, one
assistant secretary of the department of revenue at
a salary of $5,000 annually, who shall be chrgod with
such duties as shall be required of him by the sec-
retary of tho department of revenue, and shall per-
form tho duties and exercise the powers of secretary
of tho department of revenue in ca«e of the tempo-
rary absencc or disability of that officer. And there
shall also bo appointed in said department by the
President, by and with tho adrioe and consent of
the Senate, two commissioners, to bo called commis-
sioners of revenue, at a salary of $-1,000 each an-
nually, one of whom shall be assigned by the secre-
tary of the department of revenue to tho immediate
charge of matters pertaining to internal revenue,
and the other to tho immediate charge of matters
pertaining to customs revenue, and to such other
duties as may bo assigned them, subject to tho super-
vision and control of the secretary of the department
o t revenue. The offices of Commissioner of Customs
and deputy commissioners of internal revenue shall
cease to exist from and after said 1st day of Janu-
ary next.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. SCOTT. After what has already fallen
from several-members of the Senate in regard
to ordinary legislation on this bill I deem my-
self justified in occupying two or three minutes
of my time in stating the reasons why I offer
the amendment.
_ Mr. SPENCER. I wish to know if my mo-
tion was not in order. I moved an adjourn-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not hear the Senator from Alabama. The
Chair was negligent and did not hear the mo-
tion of the Senator from Alabama to adjourn,
which he made and had a right to make.
• Mr. THURMAN. I ask my friend from Ala-
bama to withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. SPENCER. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say now that
if the amendment offered by the Senator from
Pennsylvania is pressed, I shall hold myself
absolved from all consent to this five-minute
rule. This five-minute rule was adopted by
unanimous consent; it was not a rule imposed
by a vote of the Senate, and I hope no such
rule ever will be imposed by a vote of tho
Senate. But I am always hapjjy to join, on
any proper occasion, the Senate in fixing such
a rule i'or its action on any .particular bill.
We agreed to this unanimously on this bill,
supposing we were to debate the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. That is true.
Mr. THURMAN. But if we are to have a
wholly new subject, to create a new Cabinet
officer, and a new department, I, for one, hold
myself absolved from that rule.
Mr. SCOTT. I am as sincerely desirous of
finishing the consideration of this tax bill as
any other member of the Senate can be ; and
as the motion to adjourn is now withdrawn, I
will manifest that by simply stating why I have
introduced this proposition, and then if there
is the slightest likelihood of its leading to a
protracted debate I will manifest my sincerity
by withdrawing it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania that there is a good
deal of force in what my colleague says, and I
do not think we ought to do anything in the
Senate that even appears to be harsh or to take
advantage of the rights of members in debate.
This amendment is one that ought to bo con-
sidered. The amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. ScHUltz] is to be re-
newed, so he tells me, and he intends to press
it. Now, I submit to the Senate whether wc
had not better go on with this bill, considering
any amendments that are directly pertinent to
the items contained in the bill, report it to tho
Senate, and let us get rid of those portions of
the bill, so far as we can, and then I have no
objection to waiving the rule, so that these two
amendments proposed, and which are very
material and important, may be debated.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to make one statement,
and then 1 will accede to the desire of the Sen-
ator from Ohio. The reason I introduced the
amendment was this: my attention was called
to this subject more than six months ago by
gentlemen having business in the Departments,
and they suggested this improvement. Subse-
quently the subject was brought before the
National Board of Trade which met at Rich-
mond, and the recommendation, according to
my recollection, was there adopted. After that
I looked into this question to some extent, and
prepared myself somewhat for the purpose of
introducing a separate bill.
But as 1 have already said, if this is to lead
to a protracted discussion, I shall cordially join
the chairman of the Committee on Finance in
the desire to perfect this bill and get it through
the Senate ; and I at once relieve him and the
Senate by withdrawing the amendment for the
present.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I hope we shall go
on with amendments pertaining to the items
contained in the bill.
Mr. COLE. I have an amendment to offer
which I believe to be pertinent to this bill, to
come in on page 77, after the twenty-third line
of the fourth section. It will so readily com-
mend itself to the good judgment of the Sen-
ate that I think it will pass without discussion:
Provided, That section one, of the aet of July 20,
1868, entitled "An aet imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes," be so
amended as to strike out the words " fifty cents" in
said section, and to insert in lieu thereof the words
