4104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
before the day assigned for the consideration •
of this matter.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
[The reports will be found in the Appendix.]
RIVER AND HARBOR APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed hy the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to report back to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass,
the bill (H. R. No. 2092) making appropriations
for the repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public, works on rivers and harbors, and
for other purposes, for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1871, and to move that it be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and made a special order for Thurs-
day next after the morning hour, and from day
to day until disposed of.
Mr. STILES. I object.
Mr. DAWES. And I ask that when in Com-
mittee of the Whole the bill shall be in charge of
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Sawyer,]
of the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stiles] having objected, the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts
can only be entertained by a suspension of the
rules. The previous question is at present
operating on the internal tax bill, and every-
thing that is done must be done by unanimous
consent or by a suspension of the rules.
Mr. DAWBS. I have another bill on which
I suppose I shall be obliged to ask a suspension
of the rules, if the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard] is in his seat. As regards
this motion I can make it to-morrow. But I
ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania to with-
draw his objection. I think there is nothing
in the motion he should object to. This is the
ordinary bill, and is in print.
Air. STILES. I insist on the objection.
Mr. DAWES. Then I move to suspend the
rules, so as to enable me to report the bill.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
132, noes 2.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and made the special order for
Thursday next.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2165)
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 80, 1871; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. DAWES. This is the last of the gen-
eral appropriation bills which the Committee
on Appropriations have to report. When it
comes up I shall ask the attention of the House
for a few moments to a review of the whole
work of the committee. I move now that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed, and that it be made the special order
for Tuesday of next week after the morning
hour.
'The SPEAKER. That day has been assigned
to other business.
Mr. DAWES. _ That is in the House. Of
course I cannot interfere with the assignment
of my colleague, [Mr. Banks.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had better
say Wednesday of next week.
Mr. DAWES. Very well; Iwill modify my
motion, and say Wednesday of next week.
Mr. Dawes's motion, as modified, was
agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to reserve all points
of order on the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I move to suspend the
rules, so that the bill shall be in order when
brought up.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I must ask
for the reading of the bill.
Mr. DAWES. All the new legislation there
is in the bill is in the intex-est of economy and
the cutting down of expenses. Thereis not a
single syllable in the bill, to my knowledge,
that does not have that tendency.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman give us some
of the items of legislation ?
Mr. DAWES. One of the additional sec-
tions is an amendment in regard to the six
revenue-cutters. . At the request of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury we have introduced a sec-
tion reducing the size and taking off the limit-
ation as to number. Another is to prevent the
publication of advertisements in the papers of
this city for all of the supplies for the Army in
Texas and on the plains. Anothej; is in refer-
ence to the publication of the laws. The whole
purpose and object of all these provisions is to
promote economy.
Mr. HOLMAN. If that is the case I with-
draw all points of order.
The SPEAKER. Then no points of order
are reserved on the bill.
DISTRICT 05? COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent that a
numberofbillsonthe'Speaker's table, relating
to business of the District of Columbia, may be
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia. "
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield for that pur-
pose, with the distinct understanding that if
any bill gives rise to discussion or leads to a
division the gentleman will withdraw it.
Mr. COOK. All I ask is that bills on the
Speaker's table relating to the District of
Columbia be taken up and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like to hear the
titles of the bills read.
Mr. NEGLEY. I must object. The business
of the District of Columbia has occupied more
time than the business of the whole country.
Mr. SCHENCK. I must call the gentleman
to order.
Mr. NEGLEY. Well, I withdraw the objec-
tion.
GOVERNMENT FOR DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The first bill upon the Speaker's table relat-
ing to the Districtof Columbia was Senate bill
No. 594, to provide a government for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to that bill being
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I object to the refer-
ence of any of the bills.
JOHN MIX AND RANDOLPH NORWOOD.
Mr. McNEELY, by unanimous consent,
introduced abill(H. R. No. 2168) for the relief
of Captain John Mix and First Lieutenant Ran-
dolph Norwood, of company M, of the second
United States cavalry ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. RANDALL. I will withdraw my.objec-
tion to the reference of bills on the Speaker's
table relating to the District of Columbia to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. Then the Clerk will resume
the reporting the titles of the bills.
FOUNDRY METHODIST EPISCOPAL CnURCII.
The first bill was Senate bill No. 928, to set-
tle the claim of the Foundry Methodist Epis-
copal church, and for other purposes.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
STENOGRAPHER FOR SUPREME COURT.
The next was a bill (S. No. 481) to provide
for the appointment of a stenographer to the
supreme court for the District of Columbia;
which was taken up, by unanimous consent,'
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
REGISTER 01? WILLS.
A bill (S. No. 891) to require the register
of wills for the District of Columbia to give
bond was, by unanimous consent, taken from
the Speaker'stable, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
FOUNDRY METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH.
The next bill was Senate bill No. 927, to make
legal a certain act of the councils of the city
of Washington.
Mr. RANDALL. What is that bill?
Mr. COOK. I do not know, but the com-
mittee will examine it carefully.
TheSPEAKEH. It relates to certain doings
of the trustees of the Foundry Methodist Epis-
copal church.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
PKtiVENTION OF CRUELTY TO ANIMALS.
The next bill was Senate bill No. 785, to
incorporate the Association for the Preven-
tion of Cruelty to Animals in the District of
Columbia.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is a very neces-
sary bill.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker'stable, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
COMPENSATION OF BAILIFFS AND CRIERS.
The next bill, being a bill (S. No. 781) to
amend an act entitled "An act fixing the com-
pensation for the bailiffs and criers of the courts
of the Districtof Columbia," approved Feb-
ruary 22, 1867, was taken from the Speaker's
table, by unanimous consent, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
ZOOLOGICAL SOCIETY.
The nextbill wasabill(S. No. 754) to incor-
porate a zoological society in the city of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
Mr. RANDALL. That is very necessary.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
UNITED AID ASSOCIATION.
The next bill, being a bill (S. No. 583) to
incorporate the United Aid Association of
Washington, Distriet of Columbia, was taken
from the Speaker's table, by unanimous con-
sent, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
ISLAND INSTITUTE.
A bill (S. No. 584) incorporating the Island
Institute of Washington, District of Columbia,
was taken from the Speaker's table, by unani-
mous consent, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
POOR OF THE DISTRICT.
A bill (S. No. 460) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Association for the Improvement of the
Condition of the Poor of the Distriet of Colum-
bia was taken from the Speaker's table, by
unanimous consent, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
BUTCHERS' BENEVOLENT ASSOCIATION.
A bill (S. No. 455) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Butchers' Benevolent Association of
the District of Columbia was taken from the
Speaker's table, by unanimous consent, read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
MUTUAL FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY.
A bill (S. No.505) amendatory of the char-
ter of the Mutual Fire Insurance Company of
the District of Columbia was taken from the
Speaker's table, by unanimous consent, read
