1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5049
"one dollar:" Provided, That the taxonbrandy dis-
tilled from apples, peaches, and grapes exclusively,
shall not be increased by this section: Provided also,
.That there shall be levied and colleetcd on all dis-
tilled spirits in distillery warehouses at the time
when this act takes effect, a tax of forty cents on
each proof gallon; and section thirteen of said net is
hereby repealed, and that section twenty of said act
be amended by striking out the words "fifty cents,"
in said section, and inserting in lieu thereof the
words " one dollar; " and by striking out the words
"together with the special tax of four dollars for
every cask containing forty proof gallons;" and
that so much of scction fifty-nine of the act of July
20.1868. as relates to distillers be stricken out and
the following inserted, namely: "distillers shall pay
$100: Provided, That distillers of brandy from ap-
ples, pea,ehes,andgrapes exclusively,producing less
than fifty barrels within the year, shall pay twenty-
five dollars. Those producing fifty barrels or more
shall pay fifty dollars: Provided, That no tax shall
be imposed for any still, stills, or other apparatus
used by druggists and chemists for the recovery of
alchohol for pharmaceutical and chemical or scien-
tific purposes which has been usedin those processes."
I believe the law, as it would be amended by
this proposition, would be rendered entirely
harmonious. The tax of forty eents, in addi-
tion to the tax now levied on distilled spirits
in the bonded warehouses, will be just exactly
right, with the subsequent amendment to take
off the tax of four dollars on each barrel of
whisky, which would amount to ten cents a
gallon. If this amendment passes it will cre-
ate nothing discordant whatever, as I believe,
in the administration of the law, but will add
simply some §40,000,000 to the revenue, and
relieve the Finance Committee of all the em-
barrassment that they are likely to sustain by
removing the income tax and by reducing the
tariff on these small articles.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do hope
that now that we have got at the tax bill, pure
and simple, we shall not consume the rest of
the evening in discussing a proposition that it
must be obvious to every Senator cannot be
got through with in less than two or three days,
and that then will be voted down.
Mr. COLE. I will not discuss it further. I
'have said all that I wish to say.
Mr. l'HURMAN. This is a proposition, I
understand, to raise the tax on whisky from
fifty cents to a dollar. I heard lately that there
wasa"ring" that had bought up nearly all the
whisky in the country, and expected to make
fortunes by Congress imposing an additional
tax on whisky. I did not believe it; but with-
out supposing for a moment that my friend
from California knew anything about it I begin
now to think that that must be the fact. I
hope the proposition will be voted down.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator will look at the
amendment itself he will see that there can be
no speculation it. It adds forty cents on the
tax now imposed on whisky in bonded ware-
house.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would recommend to
my friend from Ohio, who is startled at in-
creasing the cost of whisky, to vote for taking
off the tax: altogether, and then ho will destroy
this " ring" clearly.
Mr. THURMAN. That is a witticism which
will not pass. My friend is willing to pay a tax
on his whisky that he drinks, I know.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; and therefore
I go for a dollar.
Mr. THURMAN. Buthe is notwillingthat
there shall be a great speculation by that.
Besides that, have we not tried the experi-
ment, and do we not know that at fifty cents
we collect more revenue than at a dollar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not by any means. My
impression is that we shall collect double the tax
at a dollar that we do at fifty cents. The diffi-
culty about the two-dollar tax was that, we then^
had in power the friends of my friend's friend,
A. Johnson, and there was not a collector
in the United States hardly who was willing to
collect any tax or to punish any fraud. Under
the present Administration, with the present
internal revenue force, I think we could col-
lect even the two-dollar tax just as well as we
collect the fifty-cent tax now. I submit that
it is rather a poor argument against deriving
revenue from this article of luxury and vice
to say that some "ring" is buying it up. I
wish they would buy it all up. It might im-
prove the morals of the Senate—those of the
Senator from Vermont, for instance ; I will not
name any others.
Mr. THURMAN. It will not do to talk
about A. Johnson. That time has gone by.
If my friend would look into the history of the
spirit tax in England he would find that we
have just gone precisely through the same
course thev did there. They put on an exor-
bitant tax there, and were compelled to reduce
it quite as much as you reduced it when you
fell from two dollars to fifty eents, and the
result there was just what it has been here,
that under the low tax there was far more
revenue collected than under the high tax. So
it is everywhere.
Mr. COLE. What is the spirit tax now in
England ?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know.
Mr. COLE. I think it is a good deal more
than fifty cents.
Mr. EDMUNDS. More than a dollar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
The question being taken, there were, on a
division—ayes 10, noes 25 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS called for tho yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I give notice that next
year I will vote to put up this tax ; but this is
in the interest of a whisky ring, and I vote
against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Colo, Edmunds, McDon-
ald, Morrill of Maine, Pratt, llice, JLloss, Sawyer,
Spencer, Spraguc, and Yickers—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreraan, Cameron, Cassefly. Cat-
tell, Chandler, Conlding, Crngin, Kenton, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan. Harris,
Howe, Howell, Johnston, Kelloag, McCreery, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Osborn, Patterson, llamsey, Schurz,
Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Tliur-
man. V/ilioy, a,nd Wilson—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Apt';-, Btivard, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Carpenter, Corbett, Davis, Drake,
Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of Texas, How-
ard, Lewis, Morton, Norton, Nye, Pomeroy. Pool,
Revels, Robertson, Salisbury, Thayer, Tipton,
Trumbull, Warner, Williams, and Yates—-9.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer this amendment,
to be inserted after line one hundred and fifty-
nine, of section forty-eight, being the free list,
on page 108: "potash, chloride of; potash,
nitrate of; or crude saltpeter." The Com-
mittee on Finance have placed in the bill upon
the free list the article "nitrate of soda."
There seems to be no good reason why nitrate
of potash or saltpeter should not go into the
free list in tho same way that nitrate of soda
does. Both these articles are used for the
manufacture of powder principally; but the
saltpeter is much the superior article. The
powder manufactured from nitrate of soda
cannot be transported to any distance with
safety, on account of the facility with which it
absorbs moisture. It is much more expensive,
therefore, in packing, and makes a much weaker
powder. The large quantity of saltpeter and
nitrate of soda used in powder in the country,
as raw material to the manufacturer of powder,
makes it very desirable that, they should both
be on the free list. The duties which are now
collected from saltpetre are about two hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand dollars: bat
a considerable portion of this is paid out
again in the form of drawback on the powder
which is exported; probably one third at least
of the §225,000 which is collected on saltpeter
is paid out again as drawback on powder
exported.
The other article which I have put in the
amendment—chlorate of potash—is an article
on which a very slight duty is collected; only
about sixteen thousand dollars. It enters into
the composition of the fulminating powder
used^ in the manufacture of percussion caps,
and is not produced in this country at all, being
imported from Chili and Peru. It comes in
competition, therefore, with nothing in this
country. The use of it is very small now ia
consequence of the high duty of six cents per
pound which is put upon it. If this duty were
removed it would enter largely into consump-
tion in the manufacture of percussion caps and
other articles in which fulminating powder is
used for blasting purposes and. a variety of
purposes for which that powder is used. But
at present the importations are very slight
because of the high duties. Admit it free, and
the use of it would extend in a very short time
so that, there would be a sufficient demand to
establish manufactories of it in this country.
If yon will establish for it that demand
which would naturally follow its introduction
here for a time from abroad without duty it
can be made in this country as cheap as it can
be imported. We have all the raw materials
in this country for making it, and for making
it, as cheap as we can import it; but inasmuch
as the duty has kept it out up to this time the
demand has been limited, so that no one has
had enterprise enough to set up a manufactory
to manufacture it. As long as the committee
have put nitrate of soda upon the free list, an
article precisely in the same general use as
nitrate of potash or saltpeter, there seems no
good reason why the saltpeter should not in
the same way go on the free list; and I hope
this amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator had offered
the other amendment, to put nitrate of soda
under the old tariff, I should be glad to vote
with him ; but putting saltpeter on the free list
it would be surrendering $220,000 of revenue
without doing anybody any good. It can pay
revenue as well as anything else, and to put it
on the free list would disturb a number of
other articles the duty on which depends on it.
I think myself nitrate of soda, which yields
$288,000 of revenue, ought not to be put on
the free list. If the Senator wants to make an
equality between the different ingredients of
powder I should greatly prefer that he should
move to strike that off the free list, and that
would cause a little more margin in dealing
with other questions. I hope the Senate will
not increase the free list, which has now gone
to tiie extreme. I am perfectly willing to strike
off nitrate of soda, and leave the old tax on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PATTERSON. On page 108 I move
to insert the following amendment, to come in
after line one hundred and fifty-two of section
forty-eight of the House bill:
Household effects of persons and families return-
ing or emigrating from foreign countries, which have
been in actual use abroad by them, and not intended
for nny other person or persons or for sale, not ex-
ceeding tho value of $500.
As the law now stands there is no limit to
the amount, of furniture which maybe brought
in by parties visiting foreign countries, pro-
vided they have used the furniture for a year.
Parties are in the habit of going abroad, pur-
chasing very expensive furniture, putting it
into a room, and keeping it there for a year,
and then on their return to this country bring-
ing back that very costly furniture to furnish
their elegant mansions in this country ; so that
the rich, who can go abroad visiting foreign
countries, have an opportunity to furnish their
houses with foreign furniture free of all duty,
while those who are too poor to go abroad are
obliged to purchase home-made furniture at a
high price, on accouut of the tariff on im-
ported furniture. I think it is nothing more
than fair that there should be a limitation, at
least as to the amount which may be imported.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, CHANDLER. On page 97, in line one
