1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a first and second time, and referred to the
same committee.
JUDGMENTS IN JUSTICES1 COURTS.
^ A bill (S. No. 210) relating to judgments in
justices' courts in the District of Columbia,
and for other purposes, was also taken up, read
a first and second time, and referred to the
same committee.
CORONER OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
A bill (S. No. 79) to further define the nature
and extent of the duties and powers of the
coroner of the District of Columbia, and pre-
scribing his fees and the manner of collecting
the same, was also taken up, read a first and
second time, and referred to the same com-
mittee.
CONVEYANCE OF &EAL ESTATE.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill
(II. R. No. 1633) to simplify the conveyance
of real estate in th^ District of Columbia were
also taken up, and referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
JUDGES AND COMMISSIONERS OF ELECTIONS.
The last bill upon the Speaker's table relat-
ing to the Districtof Columbia was Senate bill
No. 948, amendatory of an act approved Feb-
ruary 5, 1867, and joint resolution approved
March 29,1867, relative to judges and commis-
sioners of elections in the cities of Washington
and Georgetown, District of Columbia; and
the same was taken up, by unanimous consent^
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the Districtof Columbia.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to reconsider the
votes by which bills and joint resolutions have
been referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia; and also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSOLIDATION OF NATIONAL DEBT.
Mr. SCHENCK reported from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means a bill (EL It. No. 21G7)
to authorize the refunding and consolidation
of the national debt, and for other purposes ;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the bill bo
recommitted, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 demand the reading
of the bill. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] informed us the other day that this
bill contained a great deal of good reading ;
and I want to hear it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to its
being read. It will not take long.
The bill was read.
The motion of Mr. Schexck was agreed to;
and the bill was recommitted, and ordered to
be printed.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, one of his Sec-
retaries, announced that the President had
approved and signed a bill and a joint reso-
lution of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 1977) to supply a deh-
ciencyiu the appropriation for compensation
and mileage of members of the House of Rep-
resentatives and Delegates from Territories
for the fiscal year ending June 30, in the year
1870, and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (EL R. No. 301) to correct
an error in the enrollment of a joint resolution
therein named.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Under therule adopted
this morning, I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet at twelve
o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to j there being
ayes 32, noes 92.
INTERNAL TAX BILL.
Mi*. SCHENCK. I call for the regular
order. .
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2045) to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes.
The pending question is on the motion to lay
on the table the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered upon
the amendment moved by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr, Schenck.]
The question being taken, there were—ayes
76, noes 48.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. PAINE. I call for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sawyer and
Mr. Eldridoe were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes thirty ; one fifth of the last vote.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in thealfirmative—yeas 118, naysGo, not voting
49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Ar-
noll, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Bcaman,
Bennett, Benton, 15 iair.Boics. Booker, Bowon,George
M. Brooks, Buflinton, liurctott. lloderiek Ii. Butler,
Cake, Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney
Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn,Conger,Co vode, Cowlcs,
Cullom, Dickey, Donley, JDuval, Dyer, Eln, Farns-
worth, Iferriss, Fisher, Garfield, (atlfillan, ilaight,
Hale.Hamilton,Harris, ILawley,lIill, Jloar, Hooper,
Uotohkiss, Jngersoll, Alexander H. Jones. Keliev,
Ketoham, Ivnapp, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy, ^MeCrarv, Mo-
Grew, McKon/.ie, Mercur, Millies, Kliakitn II. Mooro,
J esse 11. Moore, William Moore, Morphis, Daniel J,
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley, O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Packer, Peck, Potcrs, Phelps, Piatt,
Poland, Itoots, Sanford, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield,
Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Starkweather, Stevenson,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tanner,
Taylor, Tillman,Townsend, Twicheli, Tyner, Upson,
Van Wyck, Ward, William B. Washburn, Welkcr,
Wheeler, Whitmorc, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams,
John T. Wilson, andWitcher—118.*
^ AYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Axfccll, Beattv,
Beck, Benjamin, Biggs, Bird, James Brooks, Buck,
Burchard, Burr, Cook, Conner, <Jox, Crebs, Box,
Eldndge, Finkclnburg, l?ox, Getz, (Iriswold, Ilalde-
man, ilamill, Hawkins, Jlay, llotlm, llolman,
Jcnckcs, ,ludd, Keir, Knott Lewis, Marshall, Alay-
ham, MeKee, ATeNeely, Mornssey, Niblack, Paine,
Percc, Pomeroy, Potter, ltancla.il, lleevcs, Kice,
llidgway, Rogers, Sargent, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sher-
rod, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Swann,
Sweeney, Trimble, Van Trump, Winans, Winches-
ter, Wood, and Woodward—63.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Asper, Barnum,
Bingham, Boyd, Buckley, Benjamin Ji\ Butler, Cal-
kin, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Davis, Dawes,
Dpgoner, Dickinson, Dixon, Dockery, Perry, Pitch,
Gibson, Ilamblcton, Hays, lien,ton, ifoge, J ohnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Ivellogg, Ivolsey, Logan,
MeOormick, Morgan, Mungen, Newsham, Palmer,
Porter,Prosser, Schumaker, Shanks,Shober,William
Smyth, Stevens, Stradcr, Van Auken, Van Horn,
Voorhecs.Wallace, CadwaladerC. Washburn,Wells,
and .Eugene M. Wilson—49.
So the motion to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider was agreed to.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. PiiOSSER. On this question I am
paired with the gentleman from Missouri, Mr.
AsrEit. If he were here he would vote "no,"
and I would vote "ay."
Mr. NIBLACK. My colleagues, Mr. Julian
and Mr. Vooiuiees, who are still absent, are, as
I announced last week, paired. Mr. Voorixjses,
if he were here, would vote u no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The question then recurred on the following
additional section, moved by Mr. Schenck:
Ska. —. Andbeitf'urther enacted s That on and after
the 1st day of January, 1871, in lieu of the duties now
imposed by law on the articles hereinafter enumer-
ated or provided for, imported from foreign countries,
there shall be levied, collected, and paid the follow-
ing duties and rates of duties, that is to say:
On teas of all kinds, fifteen cents per pound.
On coffee of all kinds, three cents per pound.
On chiccory, succory, dandelion root, and acorn
coffee, raw, ground, burned, or prepaxed, and on all
substitutes lor coffee, five cents per pound.
On cacao, or cocoa, two cents per pound.
On cocoa leaves or shells, one cent per pound.
On ground or prepared cacao, or cocoa, five cents
l>er pound; and on chocolate, seven cents per pound.
On all raw or Muscovado sugar, and on all other
sugars not above No. 12 Dutch standaid, two cents
per pound.
On cUnlied sugar, two and three quarter cents per
pound.
On refined sugar, stovc-diied, in loaf, lump,
crushed, powdered, or granulated, four cents, per
pound: Provided, That all sugar other than refined
stove-dried which has been advanced in quality
above No. 12Dntah-standard in color by being boiled
in a vacuum pan, or crystallized in a vacuum pan,
or clayed, or liquored in molds, or- purged in cen-
trifugal machines, or by vacuum process, or filtered
through bone-black or its equivalent; shall bo re-
garded as clarified sugar: And provided further, That
the Secretary of the Treasury shall, by regulations,
prescribe and require that samples shall be taken by
inspectors from the middle of the package, so &s to
get a true average quality, and that said samples
be severally preserved in glass bottles and marked
for future identification and reference, and that the
weights of sugar imported in casks or boxes shall be
marked distinctly by the custom-house weigher by
scoring the figures indelibly on each package.
On molasses from sugar cane,fivo cents per gallon.
On tank bottomssirup of sugar-cane juice, melada,
concentrated melada, or concentrated molasses, one
and three fourths cents per pound: Provided, That
all sirup of sugar, sirup of sugar-cane juice, melada,
concentrated melada, or conccntratcd molasses, en-
tered under the name of molasses, shall be forfeited
to the United States.
On pimento, and on black, white, and red or Cay-
enne pepper, fivo cents per pound.
On ground pimento, aud on ground popper of all
kinds, ten cents por pound.
On ginger root, two cents per pound.
On ginger, ground, five cents per pound.
On cinnamon and on nutmegs, twenty cents per
pound.
On mace, twenty-five cents per pound.
On clovcs, five cents per pound.
On clovo steins, three cents per pound.
On cassia and cassia vera, ten cents per pound.
On cassia buds and ground cassia, twenty cents per
pound.
On all other spices, twonty cents per pound; ground
or prepared, thirty cents por pound.
On wines of all kinds, imported in casks, fifty cents
per gallon.
On wines of all kinds, imported in bottles, and not
otherwise herein provided for, two dollars per dozen
bottles, containing each not more than ono quartand
more than one pint; and one dollar per dozen bottles
containing not more than one pint each; and wine
in bottles containing more than one quart each shall
pay, in addition to tw6 dollars per dozen bottles^
eighty cents per gallon on the quantity in excess of
ono quart in each bottle.
On champagne and nil other sparkling wines, in
bottles, six dollars perdozen bottles containing each
not more than ono quart and more than ono pint;
and three dollars per dozen bottles containing not
more than ono pmt each; and m bottles containing
more than one quart caeh shall pay, in addition to
six dollars per dozen bottles, two dollars per gallon
on the quantity in oxcess of one quart: Provided,
That any liquors containing more than twenty-five
per cent, of alcohol, which shall bo entered under the
name of wine, shall be forfeited to tho United States:
And provided further, That wines, brandy, and other
spirituous liquorsimported in bottlcsshall be packed
in packages containing not loss than ono dozen bot-
tles in each package; and all such bottles shall pay
an additional duty of three cents for each bottle;
no allowance shall be made for breakage unless such
bro&ka&o is actually ascertained by count and certi-
fied by a custom-house appraiser; and so much of
section fiftv-nine of an act entitled "An act to regu-
late the collection of duties on imports and tonnage,"
approved March 2,1799, as provided for allowance
for leakage and breakage, ishereby repoaled.
On brandy and other spirits manufactured or
distilled from grain or other materials, and not other-
wise provided lor, two dollars per proof gallon : Pro-
vided, That each and every gauge or wino gallon of
measurement shall bo counted as at least ono proof
gallon; and the standard for determining the proof
of brandy and other spirits, and of wineor liquors of
any kind imported, shall be tho same as that which
is defined in tho second section of the act imposing
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
pu3poses, approved July 20,1808. # .
On cordials, liqueurs, arrack, absinthe, lurseh-
wasscr, vermuth, ratafia, and other similar spirit-
uous beverages, or bitters cuntaining-spirits and not
otherwise provided for, two dollars per proof gal-
lon : Provided, That any brandy or other spirituous
liquors imported in casks of lef-s capacity than four-
teen gallons shall be forfeited to tho United Stoics.
On all manufactures of cotton, the quantity or
value of which can be estimated or based upon
measurement in squaie yards, if unbleached, five
cents per square yard, if bleached, five cents per
square yard, and, in addition thereto, ten percent.
ad valorem,' it colored, stained, painted, or printed,
in whole or in part, five cents per square yard, and,
in addition thereto, twenty per cent, ad valorem :
Provided, That if the duties imposed by this section
upon tho manufactures of cotton shall amount to
loss than thirty-five per cent, ad valorem, then the
duty shall be assessed at the rate of thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
On wools on the skin, the same rates as on other
wools, the quantity and value to be ascertained
under such rules as the Secretary ol the treasury
may prescribe.
On ilax straw, five dollars p?r ton.
On 'lax not hackled or dressed, twenty dollars per
ton ; on llax hackled,known as ''dressed hue, lorty
dollars per ton. , „ , ,
On hemp, unmanufactured, forty dollars per ton.
On the tow of flax or hemp, ten dollars por ton.
On Manila, sum), and other like subahtiue  or
hemp, not herein otherwise provided foi, twenty tu o
, ''lOn'juteean(lUSi6aI grass, fifteen dollars j,er ton.
