1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2217
sending its own commission and appraising
the property, and agreeing with the party that
they should pay the amount it was appraised
for. The committee have simply reported this
bill to carry out that contract made under the
circumstances I have stated* If this House feels
that it ought not to pass the Glaim, then let it
lay the bill on the table.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I desire to know why
the Government have not paid this claim, in-
stead of forcing this man to come to Congress
to get his pay? If the regular steps were
taken, why did the Government not pay him
when his property was appraised?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I sup-
pose that one reason why it was not paid was that
we passed a resolution taking away from the
Government the right to pay such claims.
Mr. ELDRfDGE. 1 Ulink Mr. Delano gave
us the reason. If I remember rightly ho
stated on the floor of the House that if this
class of claims was paid it would require
$4,000,000,000 to pay them.
Mr. STOKES. Mr. Delano himself re-
ported the bill to pay Morrison's claim, which
precisely corresponded to this claim, the prop-
erties adjoining each other. Kirkpatriek,
however, had not made application for a set-
tlement, as Morrison did. He supposed the
Government was just, and that they would pay
his claim without any difficulty. Now, in con-
clusion, I will soy there never was a juster
claim. There never was a more bonajlde con-
tract made between the Government of the
United States and any person whatever during
the rebellion. I now demand the previous
question, and ask the House to sustain it.
Mr. MUNGEN. I should like to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. STOKES. I yield to the gentleman for
a question.
Mr. MUNGEN. In the first place, I would
say that I have no objection to this claim. 1
think it is just and right, and that, it, should
have been paid without this trouble. But there
are many other claims of a similar class, which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Nfia-
ley] knows about, in the city ot' Nashville.
Our Government troops there went and took
possession of Anderson's lumber-yard. He
was ordered to make an inventory with an
officer of the Army. That inventory was taken,
and it-amounted to nearly twenty-seven thou-
sand dollars. Vouchers were given.
Mr. STOKES. I think I can relievo the
gentleman in regard to the Anderson claim.
Mr. MUNGEN. Let mo make my state-
ment and then 1 will be obliged to the gentle-
man foran answer. The inventory was taken,
and a lieutenant of the twenty-first Ohio regi-
ment with forfy men was put m charge, and
every single stick of lumber, every door and
sash was taken and used in the construction
of Fort Negley and of bridges and pontoons,
and barracks and hospitals, and that man is
to-day a beggar.
Mr. STOKES. I would just remark, in reply
to the gentleman from Ohio, that I have the
Anderson claim, and 1 now state onee for all
to this House that there is not another such
claim as Kirkpatrick's in the State of Tennes-
see presented to this Congress.
Mr. MUNGEN. Let me ask the gentleman
one question.
Mr. STOKES. I cannot yield further.
Mr. MUNGEN. I want to know why the
committee do not report a bill to relieve all
this class of cases ?
Mr, STOKES. I move the previous ques-
tion-
The previous question was seconded and tlie
main question ordered.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the joint resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
14, noes 08.
So the House refused to lay the joint resolu-
tion on the table.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. SCHENCK. _ I move to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and I
do it with the view of making a few remarks.
The only objection I have to the joint resolu-
tion is 
Mr. MAYNARD. Is the motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable. That
which is done under the operation of the pre-
vious question is not debatable upon reconsid*
eration.
Mr. SOHENCK. Then I withdraw the
motion. I do not want to make fish of one
and flesh of others. That is all.
The joint resolution being engrossed, was
read the third time, and the question was upon
its passage.
Mr. WOODWARD called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CALVIN II. i'KKOERJCK.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, made an adverse re-
port on the petition of Calvin II. Frederick:
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
JSDWARD BARTON AND OTHERS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do not pass, the bill
(II, R. No. 104) to make compensation to Ed-
ward Barton, James Barton, sr., and .John
II. Barton, for damage done to their steamer
Uncle Abe by the United States steamer Zouave,
and moved that the bill be laid on the table, and
the report printed.
The motion was agreed to.
OWN BltS 01.' 1)1110 OCEAN BICIXB.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, from the Committee
of Claims, reported back, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass, the bill (S. No. 400) for
the relief of the owners of the brig Ocean
Belle.
The question was upon ordering the bill to a
third reading.
The bill was road. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to the owners of the
brig Ocean Belle, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
or $2,!)72, in full for damages to the said brig
from worming while under impressment from
the 121,h of August., 1805, when ordered from
New Orleans to Galveston, to the 5th of Sep-
tember following, when discharged from the
service.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and undur the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third read-
ing ; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS E. SCOW.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 211) for the relief of Thomas E. Scott, late
postmaster at Cerro Gordo, Illinois; Which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to bo engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, directs
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury,
in settling the accounts of Thomas E. Seott,
late postmaster at Cerro Gordo, Illinois, to
allow and credit to him the sum of sixty-nine
dollars, for postage stamps of which he was
robbed by burglars on the night of June 11,
1868, Without fault or negligence upon his
P!1Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I now call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed nnd read a third time 5 and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
limits Of HUMPHREY H. WOODYARD.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that the same do pass, a bill (II. R.
No. 748) for the relief of the heirs of Lieuten-
ant Colonel Humphrey M. Woodward, late of
the twenty-first regiment of Missouri infantry
volunteers.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of War to pay the heirs of Humphrey M.
Woodyard the sum of $1,099 07.
Mr. KELSEY. If there is a report in this
case I ask that it be read.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. There is no written
report, bat I can state the circumstances of the
case. It is a perfectly clear case; the evidence
is clear that the Government absolutely owes
this money. The amount was stopped out of
the pay of Lieutenant Colonel Humphrey M.
Woodyard, for the reason that he was improp-
erly paid as a soldier of a Missouri regiment.
Subsequently, however, the Government of
the United States paid back all these Missomi
claims of which there were vouchers, but the
claim of Mr. Woodyard was not presented by
the State of Missouri. The fact that the pay
was stopped is in evidence; the fact that this
person was not paid with the other parties in
the State of Missouii is also iu evidence. The
case is a clear one, and the committee aie
unanimous in favor of this bill. I now call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill wasordered tobe engrossed
and read atfiird time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
t Mr. moore, of nimois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which tho bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GKOltOE W. Is'LOOH.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, from the same com-
mittee, reported adversely upon the memorial
of George W. Flood, asking compensation for
Ins services as clerk in the topographical en-
gineers, and moved that the committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration and that
the^samo be laid upon the table.
lne motion was agreed to; and I;, was ordered
accordingly.
ISAAC Btocnlsn.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, from the same com-
mittee, reported adversely upon the bill (H. R.
No. 03r) for the relief of Isaac Blocher, ana
moved that the committee be discharged from
its iurther consideration and that the bill be laid
on tlie table.
Mr. WINAN 8; I ask that the bill, with the
accompanying affidavits, be read for' the inform -
ation of theHo'use, atid then I shall ask a vote
ot the House ttpofit the passage of the bill.
