1274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
dollars most come here for affirmance and an
appropriation. Now, I ask him whether the
subsequent clause, " but this proviso shall not
affect the right of any party to appeal from a
judgment rendered by the Court of Claims to
the Supreme Court of the United States," does
not provide that all such cases may be taken,
if either party chooses, to the Supreme Court
of the United States, and that then if the judg-
ment is for $100,000 or for $1,000,000 that
the judgment of the Supreme Court shall be
paid without reference to Congress ? In other
words, is not the proviso substantially that in
all cases where the amount involved is over five
thousand dollars the Supreme Court shall
exercise revision?
Mr. POLAND. My friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard] entirely misapprehends the
force of this provision. Suppose a man obtains
a judgment mthe Court of Claims for $100,000
and the Government does not see fit to appeal
to the Supreme Court of the United States,
how is the man to get paid upon his judgment
except by coming vo Congress and getting an
act passed appropriating the money for that
purpose? If a claim of more than five thou-
sand dollars is recovered this paragraph pro-
vides that it shall not be paid until there is an
appropriation made by Congress to pay it. To
be sure, if the Government shall see fit to ap-
peal the case and carry it up to the Supreme
Court, and the Supreme Court shall affirm the
decision of the Court of Claims, then, perhaps,
the claim would not come within the scope of
this proviso. . But suppose the Government
did not see fit to appeal, but should be willing
to rest the case upon the judgment, of the
Court of Claims.
Mr. COOK. Is not that a forced interpreta-
tion of this provision ?
Mr. POLAND. Not at all.
Mr. COOK. I would ask the gentleman
whether if he was executing this law he would
not feel constrained to appeal in all cases in-
volving a claim of over five thousand dollars ?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly not. The gentle-
man entirely misapprehends this proviso. And
if he assisted in putting it on here it is an
entirely different thing from what he seems to
suppose it to be.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] understands this proviso
just as I do.
Mr. POLAND. And correctly.
Mr. SCOFIELD. He disapproves of it and
I approve of it. There are a great many pro-
visions to enable claimants upon the Govern-
ment to secure whatever justly belongs to them.
This Court of Claims is only one; and there
are other courts in which litigants appear with
claims against the United States to secure offi-
cial judgments in their favor. We have various
Departments of the Government where claim-
ants are permitted nnder the laws of the coun-
try to appear and make out that they have in
some way or other a just claim against the
Government, and those Departments com-
municate the conclusions to which they come
to Congress for appropriations. If a vessel be-
longing to a citizen of the United States or to
a foreigner, with a valuable cargo on board, is
seized as a prize and brought into port, and
the question is determined by a court of admi-
ralty whether it is a lawful prize or not, the
court, in case the decision is that it is not a
lawful seizure, always gives judgment in favor
of a claim against the United States, some-
times to an amount exceeding one hundred
thousand dollars.
This Court of Claims is the only tribunal for
which an appropriation is asked in advance
to meet the judgments of the court. In all
these cases the clerk of the court reports to
the proper Department, and the Department
reports to Congress, and the subject goes be-
fore the proper committee here and is exam-
*5 J n?^. probably with a view of overruling
the decision of the court; but a report id made
from that committee to Congress, and an appro-
priation is made if proper. Bat for some rea-
son or other parties come around these Halls
every year and ask that we shall deposit a
large amount of money to the credit of this
Court of Claims in advance of their decisions,
which is but an invitation to claimants to come
in and scramble for the money.
Now, it is perfectly proper and just, in
accordance with the practice of every other
department of the Government, that the Court
of Claims should examine any case before they
render their judgment upon it, and then report
to Congress the result of their examination.
What should they care whether the claimant is
ever paid or not ? Why do judges come around
these Halls and ask us to make this appropria-
tion in advance ? What business is it of theirs
whether a single dollar of these claims is paid
or not? They are selected to determine upon
the justice of the claim, to render their judg-
ment upon it, and we here in Congress are
selected to make an appropriation of the peo-
ple's money to pay it, if we think proper to
do so.
Mr. POLAND. Will the gentleman permit
a question ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. POLAND. I would like to understand
what my friend means by saying that judges
come around here and ask for appropriations.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] thinks that no judge
has come about here, and will say so, then I
will recall anything I have said.
Mr. POLAND. Not one word ever passed
between me and any judge upon that subject;
and with my knowledge there has not been
one word passed between any judge and any
member of Congress upon that subject.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That may be.
Mr. POLAND. My motion to strike out ,
this proviso has not been made at the sugges-
tion of any judge, but in accordance with what
I deem to be common sense and common
justice.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman puts a
question to me which I am unwilling to answer
in a way to implicate anybody or to cast any
reflections upon anybody.
Mr. POLAND. Can the gentleman answer
it in a way to implicate anybody?
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman is not
aware that influences have been brought to bear,
or at least suggestions have been made to mem-
bers of Congress almost every year in relation
to this very appropriation, he has not heard as
much as a great many other members. I do not
mean to say that the suggestions which have
been made from those sources have been im-
proper ones, because I believe it to be the duty
of an officer of the Government who has a
particular matter in charge and knows all about
it to suggest to members of Congress what he
thinks proper to be done.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to amend the amendment by striking out the
last word. I make this motion for the purpose
of saying that I hope this proviso will not be
strnck out, and in saying this it is not neces-
sary to say anything derogatory to the charac-
ter of the judges of the Court of Claims. So
far as I know those gentlemen I have the
highest regard for them and believe them to
be men of the strictest integrity. But they
have to decide cases as presented before them.
Thus it will be seen that without such a restric-
tion as that embraced in this proviso the Treas-
ury of the United States is virtually under the
control of the solicitor of the Court of Claims,
for the action of the court is governed by the
defense he presents. If he fails to present the
cases properly in the interest of the United
States the Government suffers. I say that
the Treasury is at the mercy, not of the judges,
because I presume it is a matter of entire indif-
ference with them whether we appropriate
money or not, but of an officer of that court;
who may be honest or may be otherwise. I
say nothing and I know nothing to the dis-
credit of this official; but as the position might
be occupied by a man who would use it improp-
erly, I believe that the proviso in the pending
paragraph is very appropriate, and I hope it
will be retained.
Mr. ELDlilDGE. I desire to make an in-
quiry of my colleague. Does he not think the
appropriate remedy would be to have a proper
officer, in whom the Government and my col-
league should have confidence?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Most
assuredly. I do think it very desirable to have
honest and proper officers. We do not always
get them, I am sorry to say.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call the attention of the House for a moment,
to this whole matter of the Court of Claims.
For one, I would vole either to strike out the
whole appropriation for the court or to strike
out this proviso. It will be observed that we
propose to appropriate $47,000 to supporc a
Court of Claims for the purpose of adjudicating
to the extent of $100,000.
I wish to notice one or two points which ha ve
been made in this debate. My friend from
Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] does not seem to
be aware that we abolished last year the office
of solicitor of the Court of'Claims. The duties
formerly discharged by that officer now devolve
entirely upon the Attorney General. The whole
matter is under his direction; and no man can
get a judgment in that court until the Attorney
General has seen the case properly presented
to the court; and then if suitors are dissatisfied
they can appeal to the Supreme Court. I
undertake to say that no man of sense would
ever go to the Court of Claims if his claim did
not exceed $5,000 ; for the expense of carry-
ing the case through that court and the Supreme
Court would make the undertaking furtile.
Now, what gentlemen wish to do, and very
properly, is to prevent the payment by that
court of those great cotton claims of whieh we
have all heard. Let me state that this proviso
will not affect any one of those cases. Under
the law as it now stands the court can to-mor-
row give judgment to the amount it may be of
half a million dollars for captured cotton or
for abandoned property taken in the southern
States; and that claim must be paid out of the
Treasury. So you will only cut off, not the
cotton cases, not the captured and abandoned
property cases, not the whole class of cases
you ought to cut off, but the class of cases
where the claimants have gone before the Court
of Claims, and, after going through that court
and the Supreme Court, cannot get their judg-
ments. I understand the matter, and I know
that I am right. It is these captured and
abandoned property cases, where the proceeds
of that captured and abandoned property ha7e
been placed in the Treasury to be paid out to
anybody who shall prove his loyalty and at the
same time show he had a just claim to the
property taken. There are eight or nine mil-
lion dollars as the proceeds of captured and
abandoned property lying in the Treasury to
be delivered to the claimants who, before the
Conrt of Claims, shall prove their loyalty and
the fact that the property belonged to them
during the war. This proviso is that no one
shall be paid out of this appropriation. That
is all there is of it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman
from Wisconsin will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend by
striking out the last word.
Mr. Chairman, I entirely agree with the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] that
the whole appropriation ought to be struck out,
or this proviso ought to be struck out, and lor
the reason that the proviso is an imputation, as
far as it goes, upon the integrity alike of the
Conrt of Claims and the Supreme Court.
