5050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julyl,
hundred and eighty-four of section fort.y-seven,
I move to amend by inserting after tho word
"011" the word "cast," so as to read ''on
east scrap iron of every description, six dollars
per ton;" and then I move to add after line
one hundred and eighty-four "011 wrought
scrap iron of every description, nine dollars
per ton;" so as to read:
Ofl cast scrap iron of every description, six dollars
per ton.
On wrought scrap iron of every description, nine
dollars per ton.
I see that the duty on pig iron is put at seven
dollars per ton. It is perfectly right that on
cast scrap there should be a dollar's difference;
but all the old rails in (he world are scrap after
having been once used, and the amount of old
rails 011 the railroads of the world reaches now
something over seven hundred thousand a year.
These old rails in the form of scrap are within
a singla« process of new rails. You simply
throw them into the oven and bake them to a
certain heat, and then they are prepared for
rerdtling. I presume this was an oversight on
the part of the Committee on Finance, and that
they wil! accept the amendment which I pro-
pose. It costs seven dollars a ton to put pig iron
into scrap ; it has to be puddled. I am sure the
Committee on Finance did not understand
this, or they would never have made the
proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. We cannot plead ignor-
ance at, all. We understood the matter.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then, if the Senator
understood it, of course he will vote with me,
because common sense shows that this ought
to he remedied.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment, of the Senator lrom
Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is a difference
in value between wrought scrap and cast scrap
of more than twenty dollars a ton.
Mr. SHERMAN. Wrought scrap had bet-
ter be left at eight dollars, the old rate.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator prefers
that, 1 will do it; but I think it ought to be nine
dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would not raise it in
any case.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well ; I will modify
my amendment so as to put the duty on wrought
scrap at eight dollars a ton, the same as it is now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment. will be so modified. The question is on
the amendment, of the Senator from Michigan
as modified.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Committee on Fi-
nance, I believe, reduced this duty two dollars
a ton.
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; we left it as the
House fixed it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The House considered
this subject, and reduced the duty on scrap two
dollars a ton. The Senate committee con-
curred in the view of the House, undoubtedly
after a good deal of consideration. There are
many manufacturers in this country who are
dependent on scrap iron. We do not make
scrap iron sufficient for a variety of purposes.
My Democratic friends will understand that
this proposition of the Senator from Michigan
is to increase the duty on this article over the j
report of the Committee on Finance two dol-
lars a ton. It ought not to be increased.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. Before the roll is called
I wish to state that I trouble the Senate because
the present duty both on pig iron and scrap
iron is very oppressive on the founderies of
California; and I suggest to Senators that for
one iron-work producing iron there are ten
founderies that work it up, and the increase
now upon scrap iron, as proposed by the Sen-
ator from Michigan, will be very seriously felt,
in my judgment, by all that large and merit-
orious branch of industry.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Cameron, Chandler,
Conklmir.Cragm, Edmunds, Kenton, Harlan, Harris,
Tlowe, Kctlogs, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont,
Osborn, Pomeroy. Pratt, Ramsey, llice, Scott, Slier-
mini, Stewart, and Willey—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Casserly. Cole, Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland, Howell, Johnston, Mc-
Creery, Boss, Sawyer, Scliurz, Spencer, Sprngue,
Sumner, Thurman, Viekors, and Wilson—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Carponter, Cattell, Corbett,
Davis, Drake, Ferry, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Texas, Hamlin. Howard, Lewis. Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Pool, Revels, Rob-
ertson. Saulsburv. Stockton. Thayer, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Warner, Williams, and Yates—33.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I have an amendment to
offer, to which I presume there will be no
objection, and I am sure it will give rise to 110
discussion. It is 011 page 90, to come in after
line one hundred and sixty-nine of section
forty-seven, "on oatmeal, one cent per pound."
I will simply remark that the present duty on
oatmeal is ten per cent., which would be about
thirty-five or forty cents a barrel, while the
duty on oats is ten cents a bushel. The num-
ber of bushels required to make a barrel of
oatmeal of two hundred pounds is about
twelve bushels, so that the duty is $1 20 on
the oats while only thirty-five or forty cents on
the barrel of oatmeal—a distinction which it
will be perceived is altogether unjust to the
manufacturers in this country.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FENTON. 'Then, 011 the same page,
after line one hundred and sixty-eight, I would
offer an amendment in these words, " on oats,
five cents per bushel." That is a reduction
of the duty on oats.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to that.
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] left this
evening for home, to which he was called by
indispensable occasion, and he requested me
to offer an amendment, of which notice was
given by him some days since, to be proposed
to this bill. As he desires a vote upon it, I,
for him, submit tho following amendment to
the judgment of the Senate:
And be it further cnncted, Thatliereafter there shall
be annually deducted and withheld by tho Treasurer
of the United States five per cent, of all moneys pay-
able as interest, upon the public debt ot the United
States, tho same being hereby imposed as a tax upon
the property represented by the bonds heretofore
issued under tho law3 of the United States.
On this amendment I call for the yeas and
nays, as the Senator from Delaware desires
the vole of the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 25 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Fen ton, Powlcr, Ham-
ilton of Maryland. MeCreery, Pratt, Rico, ltoss,
Sprague, Thurman, and Viekors.—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony,Boreman, Cattell. Cole,
Cragus. Gilbert, Hamlin, llnrtan, Harris, Howe,
Howell. McDonald, Morrill of Mai no, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott,
Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Willey, Williams, and
Wilson—2.">;
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Caipenter, Chandler,
Conkling, Corbett, Davis, Drake. Edmunds, Ferry,
Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Howard, Johnston,
Kellogg, Lewis, Morton, Norton, Nye, Osborn, Pat-
terson, Pool, Revels, Robertson, Saulsbury, Spencer,
Stockton. Thayer, Tipton. Trumbull, Warner, and
Yates—3G.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this ques-
tion the yeas are 11 and the nays 25 ; no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not see what we can
do except to send for the absentees.
Mr. THURMAN. Oh, 110 ; let us adjourn.
I insist on the motion.
The motion was agreed to; and (at nine
o'clockandthirty-one minutesp. m.) theSenate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 1, 1870. \
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Tho Journal of yesterday was read in part,
when,
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD, the further
reading was dispensed with.
message kllom 'i'lie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Simpson,
one of their clerks, informed the House that
in the absence of the Vice President the Senate
has chosen Hon. Mr. Anthony, aSenator from
the State of Rhode Island, President of the
Senate pro tempore.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate insisted upon its disagreement to the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 378) to provide a national currency
of coin notes and to equalize the distribution
of circulating notes, and agreed to the further
conference asked by the House on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Williams, Mr. Morton, and
Mr. Bayard, the conferees on the part of the
Senate.
The message furtherannouoced that the Sen-
ate had passed the bill (II. R. No. 2106) to
amend the laws regulating the assessment of
taxes in the city of Washington, with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 562) to amend
an act granting the right of way to ditch and
canal owners over the public lands, and for
other purposes.
The message further announced that the
Senatoinsisted upon its amendments, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 1169)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations (so called)
with various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30, 1871, and for other purposes ; that it
agreed to a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and that Mr. Mou-
lin, 1. of Maine, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Davis,
be the conferees on the part of the Senate.
or\nt op oondhmnbd cannon.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. Iaskunan-
imous consent to offer a joint resolution, for
consideration atthe present time, granting four
pieces of condemned cannon to the city of
Lowell for the ornamentation of the soldiers'
monument at that place.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
and directs the Secretary of War to deliver to
the authorities of the city of Lowell, Massa-
chusetts, four pieces of condemned cannon, to
be used in the ornamentation of the monument
in the said city erected to the memory of the
soldiers who first fell in thewaroftherebeliion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe there is a general
law covering that. I will not, however, object
to the resolution.
There^being no objection, the joint resolution
(H. R. No. you) granting four pieces of con-
demned cannon to the city of Lowell for the
ornamentation of the soldiers' monument at
that place was received, and read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resoiu-
tion^ was passed ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
relief of yassar college.
Mr. MA.YNARD, by unanimous consent,
reported lrom the Committee of Ways and
Means a bill (H. R. No. 2354) for the relief of
