4.106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
On jute butts, ten dollars per ton.
On iron in pigs, seven dollars per ton.
On «erap iron of every description, six dollars per
ton: Provided, That nothing shall be deemed scrap
iron excopt waste or refuse iron that has been in
actual use, and fit only to be remanu'factured.
On steel railway bars, one and one half cents per
pound, and on all railway bars made in part of steel,
one and one quarter cents per pound: Provided, That
metal converted, cast, or made from iron by the Bes-
semer or pneumatic process, of whatever form or
description, shall be classed as steel.
On nickel, forty cents per pound.
On alloy of nick el with copper and on nickel oxide,
thirty cents per pound.
On nickel-matte or speiss,twenty cents per pound.
On ores of nickel, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On albata or white metal, argentine, German sil-
yer, and the like mixed metals, and on aluminium
and its alloys, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On manufactures or articles of nickel, albata, or
white metal, argentine, German silver, and the like
mixed metals, and of aluminium and its alloys, forty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
On watches, watch cases, watch movements, parts
of watches, and watch material, twenty-five percent.
ad valorem.
On chronometers, box or ship, or parts thereof,
twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On live animals, thirty per cent, ad valorem : Pro-
vided, That animals specially imported for breeding
purposes shall be admitted free, upon proof thereof
satisfactory to the Secretary of the Treasury, and
under such regulations as he may prescribe: And
provided further, That teams of animals, including
thoir harness and tackle actually owned by persons
immigrating to the United States with their families
from foreign countries, and in actual use for the pur-
poses of such immigration, shall bo also admitted free
of duty under such regulations as the Secretary of
the Treasury may prescribe.
On oranges, lemons, pineapples, and grapes, twenty
per cent, ad valorem; and on limes, bananas, plant-
ains, shaddocks, mangoes, and cocoanuts, ten per
cent, ad valorem: Provided, That no allowance shall
be made for loss by decay on the voyage, unless the
said loss shall exceed twenty-five per cent, of the
quantity, and the allowance then made shall be only
for the amount of loss in excess of twenty-five per
cent, of the whole quantity.
OnZanteorother currants, and prunes and plums,
two and one half cents per pound.
On books, bound or stitched, and on all printed
book matter in sheets or otherwise, fifteen cents per
pound ; on pamphlets, and on periodicals in pam-
phlet form, except as lawfully transmitted by mail,
ten cents per pound.
On furs of all descriptions cut from the skin, ten
per cent, ad valorem/ and on fur skins dressed, twenty
per cent, ad valorem.
On neat's-foot oil, and all animal, whale, seal, and
fish oils, twenty cents per gallon,
On oil made of linseed or flaxseed, thirty cents per
gallon, seven pounds and a half of weight to be esti-
mated as a gallon.
On hempseed and rapeseed, and other oil seeds
of like character other than linseed or flaxseed, one
half cent per pound.
On linseed or flaxseed, twenty cents per bushel of
fifty-six pounds weight: Provided, That no draw-
back shall be allowed on oil-cake made from imported
seed.
On sesame seed oil, or benne oil, and cotton-seed
oil, thirty cents per gallon.
On sesame seed, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On opium, one dollar per pound.
On opium prepared for smoking, and on all olhor
preparations of opium, not otherwise providccnfor,
ten dollars per pound: Provided. That opium pre-
pared for smoking, and other preparations of opium,
deposited in bonded warehouse, shall not be removed
therefrom for exportation without payment of duties,
and such duties shall not be refunded.
On m orphia, and on all salts of morphia, one dollar
per ounce.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in theaffirmative—yeas 137, nays 44, not voting
4th as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Ames,
Armstrong, Arnoll, Atwood, Ay or,Bailey, Banks, Bea-
man,Beatty,Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair,Boles,
Booker, Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buffinton,
turchard.Burdett,Roderick R.Butler, Cake, Cessna,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Covode, Cowles, Cullom,
Davis. Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Donley, Duval, Dyer,
P fc i/}n3.s,YortlVTl!,erri|f'Knkelnburg, Fisher, Gar-
field, Gilfillan, Hale. Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins,
Hawley, Hay, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss,Inger-
soll, AlexanderH.Jones, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham,
iCnapp, Knott, Laflm, Lash, Lawrence, Loughridge,
Lynch, Maynard. McCrary, McGrcw, McKenzie,
Mcreur, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore,
William Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Sam-
uel P. Morrill, Myers.Negley, O'Neill,Orth, Packard,
Packer. Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland,
.Pomeroy, Rice, Roots, Sanford, Sawyer, Schenck,
Sconeld, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William
J. Smith, Wortbington C. Smih, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Stokes, Stone, Stough-
ton, Strickland, Strong, Tafie, Tanner, Taylor, Till-
man, Townsend, Trimble, Twichell, Tyner, Upson,
^ an Wyck, Ward, William B. Washburn, Welkor,
Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams,
Wmans, Witoher, and Woodward—137.
NAYS—Messrs. Axtell, Benjamin, Biggs, Bird,
James Brooks, Buck, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Con-
ner, Cox, Crebs, Dox, Eldridge, Fox, Getz,GriswoId,
Haight, Haldeman, Hamill, Heflin, Holman, Kerr,
Lewis, Marshall, Mayham, McNeely, Morgan, Nib-
lack, Potter, Randall, Reeves. Ridgway, Rogers,
Sargent, Schumaker, Sherrod, Stiles, Strader, Swann,
Sweeney, Van Trump, Wolls, Winchester, and
Wood—44.
NOT TOTING—Messrs. Archer, Asper, Barnum,
Barry, Beck, Buckley, Calkin, Cleveland, Clinton L.
Cobb, Dickinson, Dixon, Dockery, Ferry, Fitch. Gib-
son , Hambleton, Hays, Heaton, Hoge, Jen ekes, J ohn-
son, Thomas L.Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Logan,
McCarthy, McCormick, McK.ee, Morrissey, Mungen,
News ham, Paine, Palmer, Porter, Prosser, Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Shober, Slocum, Joseph S.Smith,
Stevens, VanAuken,Van Horn, Voorhees, Wallace,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Eugone M. Wilson, and
John T. Wilson—49.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. PJftOSSER stated that he was paired
with Mr. ^.spbr, who would have voted u no,"
while he would have voted li ay."
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. SCHENCK moVed to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the following addi-
tional, section, on which I demand the previous
question.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 48. And be it further enacted, That after tho
31st day of December, 1870, in addition to imported
articles now by law exempt from duty, and not herein
otherwise provided for, the following articles, here-
inafter enumerated and provided for, shall also be
free:
Acid, arsenious, crude.
Acid, nitric, n-ot chemically pure.
Acid, muriatic.
Acid, oxalic.
Acid, sulphuric.
Acid, picric, andnitro-picric: Provided, That car-
boys containing acids shall bo subject to the same
duty as if empty.
Arsenic.
Aconite, root, leaf, and bark.
Agaric.
Alkanet root.
Alkekcngi.
Albumen and lacterine.
Amber, gum.
Aloes.
Aniline oil, crude.
Ammonia, crude.
Annato seed.
Antimony, ore or crude sulphuret of.
Argols, crude.
Asbestos, not manufactured.
Articles imported for the use of the United States:
Provided, That tho price of the same did not include
the duty.
Articles tho growth, produce, and manufacture of
the United States when returned in the same condi-
tion as exported: Provided, ThatpToof of the iden-
tity of such articles be made under regulations to be
prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury; and if
such articleswere subject to internal tax at the time
of exportation, such tax shall be proved to have been
paid before exportation and not refunded. And all
acts and parts of acts heretofore passed prescribing
regulations in regard to such importations are hereby
repealed.
Bamboos, unmanufactured.
Barks;, namely, quilla, Peruvian, Lima, calisaya,
and all cinchona barks, Canella alba, pomegranate,
croton, cascarilla, and all other barks not otherwise
provided for.
Belladonna, root and loaf.
Bromine.
Bitter apples, colocynth, coloquinitida.
Berries, nuts, and vegetables for dyeing, or used
for composing dyes, not otherwise provided for in
this act.
Bells and bell metal broken, and fit only to be re-
manufactured.
Bones, crude, not manufactured; bones ground and
calcined, bone dust and bone ash for manufacture of
phosphates and fertilizers.
Books, maps, and charts, specially imported in
single copies, and not for sale, of which no editions
are printed in the United States; and books which
have been printed and manufactured more than
twenty years.
Burr stone in blocks, rough or unmanufactured,
and not bound up into mill-stones.
Buchu leaves.
Citrate of lime.
Columbo root.
Cantharides.
Castor or Cafetoreum.
Catechu or Cutch.
Catgut or whip gut, unmanufactured.
Coal, anthracite.
Coculus indieus.
Coniam, cicuta or hemlock, seed and leaf.
Cudbear.
Collections of antiquity, specially imported, and
not for sale.
Chalk and cliff stone, unmanufactured.
Corkwood, or cork bark, unmanufactured.
Carnelian, unmanufactured.
Cuttle-fish bone.
Diamond dust or bort, and rough diamonds.
Dragon's blood.
Eggs.
Emery ore or rock, not pulverized, not ground.
Esparto, or Spanish grass, or pulp of.
Fibrin, in all forms,
Fish, fresh, for immediate consumption.
Fish for bait.
Flint, and ground flint stones.
Foliae digitalis.
Fashion plates engraved on steel or on wood, col-
ored plain.
Fur skins of all kinds not dressed in any manner.
Glass, broken in pieces, which cannot be cut for
use, and fit only to be remanufactured.
Guano, and other animal manures.
Gums, Arabic, Jeddo, Senegal, Barbary, East In-
dia, cape, Australian, gjim benzoin or benjamin, gum
copal, sandarac, Damar, gamboge. Cowrie, mastic,
shellac, tragacanth, olebanum, guiae, myrrh, bdel-
lium, galbanum, and all gums not otherwise provided
for.
Gutta-percha, crude. *
Goat skins, raw.
Horse and cow hair, not cleaned and dressed.
Hoofs, horns, and horn tips.
Hide cuttings, raw and in the hair, for glue stock.
Hemlock bark.
Hyoscyamus, or henbane leaf.
Iodine, crude.
Ipecac.
India-rubber,'crude, and milk of.
Ivory and vegetable ivory, unmanufactured.
Jalap.
Jet, unmanufactured.
Juniper and laurel berries.
Lac, crude, seed, button, stick, shell, or dye.
Lava, unmanufactured.
Lecehes.
Life-boats and life-saving apparatus, specially im-
ported by societies incorporated or established to
encourage the saving of human life.
Licorice root.
Litmus and all lichens, prepared or not prepared.
Logs and unmanufactured timber, not otherwise
provided for, and ship timber.
Madder root, of all kinds, ground, and ground
mungeet or Indian madder.
Manna.
Moss, Iceland and other mosses, crudc.
Musk and civet, crude, in natural pod.
Nitrate of soda, or cubic niter.
Oak bark.
Orange and lemon peel not preserved, candied, or
otherwise prepared.
Orchill or archill in the weed or liquid.
Palm nuts and palm-nut kernels.
Palm and cocoa-nutoil.
Paintings, statuary, fountains, and other works
of art, the production of American artists: Provided,
That the fact of the production bo verified by the cer-
tificate of any consul or minister of the United States
indorsed upon the written declaration of the artist.
Paintings, statuary, fountains, and other works of
art, imported expressly for presentation to national
institutions or to any State or to any municipal cor-
poration.
Philosophical and scientific apparatus,instruments,
and preparations, statuary, casts of marble, bronze,
alabaster, or plaster of Paris, paintings, drawings,
and etchings, specially imported, in good faith, lor
the use of any society or institution incorporated or
established for philosophical, educational, scientific,
or literary purposes, or encouragement of the fine
arts, and not intended for sale.
Phosphates, crude or native, for fertilizing pur-
poses.
# Plants, trees, shrubs, roots, seed eane, and seeds
imported by the Department of Agriculture, or
especially imported for cultivation and not for sale.
Platinum vases or retorts for chemical uses, or
parts thereof.
Potassa, muriate of.
Quassia wood.
Rags of cotton, linen, jute, and hemp, and paper
waste, or waste or clippings of any kind fit only for
tho manufacture of paper, including waste ropo and
waste bagging.
Rhubarb.
Rosins, crude, not otherwise provided for.
Rose leaves.
Saffron and saffiower.
Sarsaparilla, crude.
Sea-weed, not otherwise provided for.
Scammony, or resin of scammony.
Sandalwood.
Seeds, cardamon, caraway, coriander, fenugreek,
fennel, cummin, and other seeds, not otherwise pro-
vided for.
Senna, in leaves.
Shells of every description, not manufactured.
Shrimps, or other shellfish.
Skeletons and other preparations of anatomy.
Silkworm eggs.
Specimens of natural history, botany, and miner-
alogy, when imported for cabinets as objects of taste
or science, and not for sale.
Squills or sill a.
Sulphur or brimstone, crude.
Sweepings of silver or gold.
lapioca, cassava, orcassada.
Tea plants.
Turtles.
