3164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
United States mail anterior t,o the 4th of
March, 1861.
By Mr. BIGGS: The peiition of E. & A.
Bctts and others, citizens of Wilmington, Del-
aware, against the passage of the funding bill
in its present form.
By Mr. BUCK: Petitions of merchants and
the Board of Tradeof Mobile, Alabama, for the
passage of ati act providing for all revenue
taxes on distilled spirits to be paid at distill-
eries or distillery warehouses, &c.
By. Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: The me-
morial of Lieutenant W. D. O'Brien, of Ten-
nessee, prayiug for compensation for services
rendered and property destroyed during the
rebellion.
Also, the memorial of C. Fondren, of
Tennessee, praying compensation for services
rendered and money expended during the war
for tl.-i benefit of the Union cause.
Also, the memorial of Captain R. B. Coch-
ran, in his own behalf and on behalf of the
officers and men of the Cochran national
guards.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: The memo-
rial of Amos Sanford, J. S. Vincent, James
G. Dunlevy, Milton Douglas, John N. Ritter,
Bruce Miller, J. F. McDowell, and C. C. Mc-
Dowell, county officers and ex-county officers
of Cherokee county, Kansas, in favor of annul-
ling the sale of the Cherokee neutral lands to
James P. Joy.
By Mr. LASH: The petition of W. R. Lind-
say, a citizen of Rockingham county, North
Carolina, for removal of disabilities.
Also, petitions of James T. Hunter and
Thomas M. Holt, citizens of Alamance county,
North Carolina, for removal of disabilities.
Also, petitions of Green D. Sutterfield and
John W. Hunt, citizens of Person county,
North Carolina, for removal of disabilities.
Also, petitions of John F. Poindexter, Irwin'
J. Hine, and Calvin H. Hauser, citizens of
Forsyth county, North Carolina, for removal
of disabilities.
Also, the petition of W. F. Henderson, for
the removal of disabilities from John Michael,
a citizen of Davidson county, North Carolina..
By Mr. MOKPHIS: A petition of several
hundred citizens of Monroe county, Mississippi,
for removal of Federal court of northern dis-
trict of Mississippi from Oxford to Aberdeen.
Also, a petition of 794 citizens of Monroe,
Lee, and Itawamba counties, Mississippi, for
an appropriation to improve the navigation of
the Tombigbee river.
By Mr. PETERS: A petition of the Ban-
gor, Maine, Board of Trade, in favor of aboli-
tion ofcotnpulsory harbor, port, and pilot dues.
Also, a petition of citizens of Bangor, Maine,
in behalf of the bills reported by the Commit-
tee on the Causes of the Decline of American
Commerce.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of R. B.
Moon, of Albemarle county, Virginia, praying
the removal of his legal and political disabil-
ities imposed by the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 8, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. Francis A. Conwell, of
Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating.in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of April 21, 1870, information in
relation to the Indians of southeastern Oregon;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a report of the Secretary
of the Navy, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of March 9,
1870, further information in relation to the sink-
ing of the United States steamer Oneida; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
house bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolution were \
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs : ]
A bill (H. R. No. 1140) for the relief of
Charles Trichler, of the county uf Adams,
Ohio ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1218) for the relief of
William P. Emery, late captain fifty-eighth
United States colored infantry ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1331) for the relief of A.
F. McMillan ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1901) for the relief of
Peter M. Jonte;
A bill (H. R. No. 1902) for the relief of ,
Francis A. Conwell;
A bill (H. R. No. 1903) to authorize the pay-
ment of bounty to Ann McCarthy ;
A bill (H. 11. No. 1904) for the relief of
James C. Strong;
A bill (H. R. No. 1905) for the relief of
Howell H. Trask;
A bill (H. R. No. 1906) providing fot the
payment of veteran bounty to certain enlisted '
men of the first regiment of New York mounted ,
rifles *
A bill (H. R. No. 1907) for the relief of B.
Raff;
A bill (H. R. No. 1908) for the relief of
Mrs. Ruhany Brown ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1909) to provide for pay-
ment of bounties to certain officers of volun-
A bill (H. R. No. 1911) for the relief of
George W. Steele, late first lieutenant second
New York veteran cavalry ; atid
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 274) relating
to Fort Craig military reservation.
national holiday. j
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 282) to
establish the 30th day of May in each year a •
public holiday was read by its title. j
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Seriate pro- \
ceed to the present consideration of the joint
resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know what it is.
Mr. DRAKE. Let.it be.read at length.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the joint resolution in full, subject
to objection.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the 30th day of May, being the day ap-
pointed, and accustomed to be,used for the
decoration of the graves of soldiers who died
in the war in defense of the Union against
rebellion, be declared a public holiday, to be
forever observed as such by the people of the
United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri asks unanimous Consent that the
Senate. proceed to the consideration of this
joint resolution at the present time. Is there
objection ? The Chair hears none. The joint
resolution is before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Wholet.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would not interpose by
my objection against the passage of the resolu-
tion, but I am opposed to the adoption of this
class of measures.
In the first place, it is not meet and proper
that the game day should be fixed throughout
the United States for a purpose Of this kind.*
It is for a floral decoration of graves, and in
many parts of the country the time fixed would
not be suitable, while It might be m others.
And it seems to me now that this is taking
advantage of a strong sentiment, a feeling of
great kindness, a feeling of extreme deference
indeed to those who perished in our eivil war,
to establish a precedent that may add holidays
upon our calendar as numerous as the holidays
upou the Catholic calendar, or the calender of
other religious denominations. We have only
one holiday, and that is the birthday of Amer*
ican Independence, and heretofore we have
always refused to recognize any national holi-
day except that one.
It seems to me that among a practical peo-
ple like ours, in a practical age like this, we
ought not to interpose by law to prevent the
people from carrying on their ordinary avoca-
tions, and from paying their debts, thus inter-
posing a legal holiday which affects the obli-
gation of contracts and affects a variety of
business far more extensive than many per-
haps may suppose. A legal holiday affects
the performance of contracts in various ways.
Now, I do not choose myself to be led by a
sentiment of this kind, hoWever strong, to
establish a precedent which has never been
set heretofore. I think my feeling for the
memory of the dead and the services of the
dead is probably as strong as that of my hon-
orable friend from Missouri; but I believe this
to be a precedent which may be hereafter fol-
lowed on occasions much too numerous. I
shall content myself with voting against tire
passage of the joint resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is objec-
tion the resolution cannot be read the third
time to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not object, but I
shall vote against it.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. SUMNER. Let
it be referred.
Mr. DRAKE. I beg the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to withhold his motion.
Mr. SUMNER. That is debatable, of course.
Mr. DRAKE. I know that. I have simply
to Bay that, in my judgment, when the nation
has to decorate the graves of three hundred
thotlsand patriots slain for its preservation, it
can afford to set apart one day of the three
hundred and sixty-live as a holiday for the
purpose, and let contracts and business engage-
ments take care of themselves.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one other ob-
servation which I wish to add to what I have
already said. Asa matter of course the graves
of our dead in a single generation will pass
away. In many cases they Will be preserved,
but only in comparatively few places. Now,
this resolution proposes to make the 30th of
May a legal holiday in all time to Come for
this purpose. It perpetuates a transient thing,
because the graves of the ablest and the wisest
soon disappear. The graves of the revolu-
tionary dead have nearly all disappeared. The
graves of many of the revolutionary heroes
whose names are certainly prized highly now
are entirely forgotten^ Probably not a hun-
dred graves of the revolutionary heroes can
now be pointed out. I have no doubt that
these graves, like others, will disappear. Why,
therefore, Select a day for all time to come
for an event that must be transient in its char-
acter ?
Mr. DRAKE. When they disappear we
shall repeal this act:
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it would be well
enough to refer this resolution, end think over
it awhile. I will therefore move -that it be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio Moves the reference of this joint res-
olution to the Committee on Military Affairs.
■ Mr. POMEROY. { think floral decorations
of this kind should bte voluntary. I do not
believe in- requiring by law persons to do what
a grateful people are glad to do. Jf that sen-
timent of gratitude should ever be effaced from
the American people—>-and 1 hope it will never
be—to then require them by law to do it would
be a formal service that would have no merit
in it. I like, myself, the sedtiolent to be cher-
ished, and like the idea of these floral decora-
tions, but not to have them required by law.
That takes away all the virtue of them.
Mr.. THAYER, The Senator wholly mis-
apprehends the resdlution in saying that it
requires it to be done by law. It is left to be
a voluntary act of the American people ; but
tlie resolution sets aside a day for this purpose.
