5052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
road was made by the old Spanish authorities.
This strip of land lies between the residences
of people on both sides of this beautiful road
and the road itself. Some persons have found
oat that this strip of land was not covered by
the original grants, and have gone on it and put
up shanties upon it between the residences of
the people there and the road, under the pre-
tense that this strip of land belongs to the
United States, in the hope of making the res-
idents there pay to induce them to give up
their pretended squatter rights or of getting
the land from the Government. This bill pro-
poses to quiet the title to this strip of land,
which is also partially absorbed in streets of
the growing towns there, by conveying it to the
county authorities where it is within the limits
of the county, and to the towns where it is in
the towns, and to the individuals the parcels
of the tract which are within the corporate city
limits, and not occupied as streets, that part
which they have in actual possession.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope this bill will not be
objected to.
Mr. SARGENT. I will state that I under-
stand the members of the Committee on the
Public Lands are in favor of this bill.
Mr. PAINE. Has this bill been reported
upon by the Committee on the Public Lands'?
Mr. SARGENT. It has been considered
by the committee, and I am authorized by a
large majority of the individual members to
say that they are in favor of it. The commit-
tee has had no chance to formally report on it.
Mr. J UL1AN. I believe the Committee on
the Public Lands considered this matter in my
abseuce. In view of the statement of the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Sargent] I do
not feel authorized to object.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read three times,
and passed.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
1'Ii.EEIIOLD LAND AND I25UGUAT10N COMPANY.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on the Terri-
tories the bill (H. It. No. 1953) to incorporate
the United Stales Freehold Land and Emigra-
tion Company, and to confirm certain "legisla-
tion of Colorado Territory.
Mr.'KELSEY. I objected before to the con-
sideration of this bill; and I renew the objec-
tion.
OHDEH OS BUSINESS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
calling of committees for reports of a private
nature. The first committee in order is the
Committee on Railways and Canals.
No reports were presented from the Com-
mittee on Railways and Canals.
POLLY TTOLLABD.
Mr. McGREW, from the Committee on
Freedmen's Affairs, reported adversely upon
the petition of Polly Wollard, claiming pay for
services rendered to the Freedmen's Bureau at
Columbus, Kentucky, and moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the same, and that it be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM h. DA VIS.
^ Mr. McGREW also, from the Committee on
Freedmen's Affairs, reported adversely upon
the petition of William L. Davis and other citi-
zens of Richmond county, Virginia, praying
the appointment of a land commissioner to
procure land for homesteads for freedmen, and
moved that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition, and
that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
JACOB R. DAVIS.
Mr. BOOKER, from the Committee on
Freedmen's Affairs, reported a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 356) for the relief of Jacob R. Davis,
of Richmond county, Georgia; which was read
a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
and directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to Jacob R. Davis, of Richmond county,
Georgia, $1,500 out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated for his services
as agent of the Freedmen's Bureau for Rich-
mond county, Georgia, from June 1, I860, to
June 1, 18G7.
Mr. HOLMAN. Reserving the right to make
a point of order on this joint resolution, I call
for the reading of the report.
The report was read. The committee state
that, as appears from the evidence, Davis was
appointed, December 2G, 18G5, agent of the
Freedmen's Bureau for Richmond county,
Georgia, and that he immediately entered upon
the discharge of the duties of the office. The
compensation allowed him was the fees usually
allowed to the civil magistrate by the laws of
the State of Georgia for similar services; and
the testimony shows th t he received compen-
sation in this way up to June 1, 18GG ; that he
paid over to the Department a considerable
surplus in the way of fees, &c., collected by
him, after deducting therefrom salary, clerk-
hire, and other incidental expenses. About
June 1, 1SGG, the Department rescinded the
order for his compensation from fees ; but he
was directed to continue to discharge the duties
of the office of agentof the Freedmen's Bureau
from June 1, 1806, to June 1, 1807, for which
time he has received no compensation what-
ever. On the 1st of June, 1807, he was com-
missioned by the Department with a salary at
the rate of $125 per mouth, and he continued
in office, receiving this salary, until April,
1868. The evidence before the committee
showed that during the whole time Davis
discharged the duties of the office ably and
efficiently and with entire satisfaction to the
Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would not object to this
joint resolution if the money were to be paid
out of the fund of the Freedmen's Bureau ; but
as it provides for paying the money directly
from f he Treasury 1 insist on my point of order,
that the joint resolution must receive its first
consideration in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER-. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The bill goes to the Commit-
tee of the Whole.
JOIIN TYLER.
The Committee on Patents being called,
Mr. STEVENS said: lam directed by the
Committee on Patents to move that Senate bill
No. 7'J0, for the relief of John Tyler, be taken
from the Speaker's table for consideration at
the present time.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to taking any bill
from the Speaker's table out of its regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Pat-
ents desire that this bill may be considered as
reported by them.
Mr. STEVENS. The bill has been examined
by the committee.
The SPEAKER. To take the bill from the
table out of its order requires unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I object.
riBKPOST SEYMOUR.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on
Patents, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2355) for
the relief of Pierpont Seymour, of East Bloom-
field, New York; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill authorizes and requires the Com-
missioner of Patents to hear and decide the
application of Pierpont Seymour, of Bast
Bloomfield, in the State of New York, for an
extension of letters-patent granted to him by
the United States on the 21th of July, 1855, for
an improvement in seed-planters or grain-
drills ; and shall have power to extend said
patent for the term of seven years, with the
same effect that such extension might have
been granted had the said Pierpont Seymour
made application for such extension and paid
the fee required by law within the time pre-
scribed by law, upon the notice and under the
regulations prescribed by law and the rules
of the Patent Office; provided that no dam-
ages shall be collected of any person for an
infringement of said patent between the time
of the expiration of said time and the time of
the renewal of the same.
Mr. DAWES. I ask thcgentleman whether
there is anything the matter except failure to
file application in season.
Mr. STEVENS. That is all. I move the
previous question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill v/as ordered to be engrossed
and-read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STEPHEN HULL.
Mr. STEVENS also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2356) for the
relief of Stephen Hull; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill provides that Stephen Hull, of
Poughkeepsie, New York, be authorized to
apply to the Commissioner of Patents for the
issue of a patent for an improved harvester,
under the rules and regulations now in force
for the issuing of patents, as if he had made
the proper application, and as if there had been
no apparent abandonment prior to June, 1862;
provided that the application be made within
thirty days after the approval of this act, and
the decision of the Commissioner be rendered
within ninety days from the filing of said appli-
cation with the Patent Office.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous questiou was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JACOB 3. ANDERSON.
Mr. STEVENS, also from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. II. No. 2357) for the
relief of Jacob J. Anderson; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill provides that the Commissioner of
Patents be authorized to rehear and determine
the application of Jacob J. Anderson for the
extension of his letters-patent for an improved
cooking-stove, issued March 7, 1855, for four-
teen years, upon the evidence now on file, or
sucli additional evidence as may be presented,
upon the notice and under the regulations
provided for the extension of patents; pro-
vided that in case the said patent shall be
extended nothing herein shall be so construed
as to hold responsible in damages any person
who may have manufactured or used the said
improved cooking-stove between the expira-
tion of the said patent and the date of the
extension.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Any report in
this case ?
Mr. STEVENS. There is no report. There
is a petition. I can state how the case stands.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Neg-
ley] presented the petition. An application
for a renewal of the patent was rejected by a
