4108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
for tbe purpose of going jnto Committee of the
Whole on the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. To morrow is
set apart, after the morning hour, for the con-
sideration of the currency bill. Several mem-
bers desire to be heard upon the bill, more
than can be heard to-morrow. I ask that from
to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock, ■ and
through the day to-morrow and through the
day after, Wednesday, the currency bill shall
be the special order. *
Mr. DAVIS. I have a.bill which I am in-
structed by the Committee on the Judiciary to
report to the House, and which the committee
is authorized to report at any time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Committee on
Reconstruction, which is authorized to report
at any time, has instructed its chairman, the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
to report the Georgia biil at the first opportu-
nity.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition of tbe gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] in relation to the currency bill?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
object.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I object,
unless the morning hour shall be saved.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I move
to suspend the rules for the purpose I have
indicated, that from half past twelve to-mor-
row, that gives a morning hour to-morrow 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Not
if the House should meet at twelve o'clock,
which the majority now have the right to order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Allow me to
finish my proposition, It is that from half
past twelve to-jnorrow, through the day, and
through the following day, Wednesday, the
currency bill shall be the special order. The
morning hour of Wednesday, in that case, can
be charged against the Committee on Banking
and Currency, as one of the morning hours to
which that committee would be soon entitled
in the regular call of committees.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] give me his attention for
a moment? I have no doubt the Post Office
appropriation bill can be finished this after-
noon; but if it should happen that it shall not
be finished this afternoon I want time enough
to-morVow to finish it before the currency bill
is taken up.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will consent
to that, if it can be done without running into
the day. But according to my proposition
there will be an hour and a half to-morrow
before the currency bill will come up. I will
remain here to-day until the Post Office appro-
priation bill shall be completed.
Mr. DAWES._ That might do if enough
other members will remain here. But I want
to be certain of time enough to-morrow if the
bill is not finished to-day.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How much
time ?
Mr. DAWES. As much timo as may be
necessary. The exigencies of the service re-
quire that the bill shall be passed to-day or
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The first motion in order
is the proposition of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] that the rules be sus-
pended and the House now resolved into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Post Office appro-
priation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I will waive that motion
until the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] shall have been dis-
posed of.
The SPEAKER. Some time since'the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] requested,
and the House granted, leave that to-morrow
after the morning hour should be devoted to
the consideration of the currency bill. The
gentleman now desires to have the order mod-
ified so that to-morrow, after half past twelve
o'clock, and all of the next day, Wednesday,
shall be devoted to the consideration of the
currency bill. That requires unanimous con-
sent or a suspension of the rule.
Mr. ALLISON. I would ask the gentleman
from Ohio how the consideration .of the cur-
rency bill is to be carried on? Does he intend
to allow.it to be open to amendment? If so,
I think we might limit the debate in some
way.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have ascer-
tained that there are on both sides of the House
more members desiring to speak on the bill
than can possibly he heard to-morrow. I have
asked this additional time that we may have
full opportunity to debate and amend the bill.
And I design to call the previous question on
the bill at the close of the day, Wednesday.
Mr. ALLISON. I would suggest that, debate
be limited to speakers of fifteen minutes each,
so that we can really discuss the bill and the
amendments to it, if amendments be offered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am willing to
make any arrangement of that sort.
Mr. ALLISON. At least for a portion of
the time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That can be a
njatter for subsequent arrangement.
Mr. ALLISON. That must be done by a
suspension of the rules, and it might as well be
done now, so that the debate after, say, four
hours, shall be limited to speeches of fifteen
minutes each.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am willing, so
far as I am concerned.
Mr. ALLISON. I suggest to the gentleman
to provide further that after four hours devoted
to the bill it shall be considered under a ten-
minutes rule.
Mr. WARD. I want to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. The bill of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has already been made
a special order l'or to-morrow. The gentleman
now asks that it shall occupy Wednesday also.
I want to inquire whether there is anything
that will prevent the bill from going beyond
Wednesday? Will it not go on from day to
day until disposed of?
The SPEAKER. It will not. The uniform
practice of the House is that when the House
has assigned a day or two days or any specific
time for the consideration of a special subject,
that subject must be laid aside at the expira-
tion of the time •designated.
Mr. WARD. Then I desire to inquire
whether the bill which my colleague [Mr.
Davis] has in charge will be in order after the
bill of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] is disposed of?
The SPEAKER. Of course it will. The
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Davis,] who
has charge of the naturalization bill, will be
recognized immediately after the reading of
the Journal, unless by previous arrangement
the day has been assigned for some other
subject.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a parliamentary in-
quiry. Suppose that the request of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] be granted,
and the Committee on Banking and Currency
be assigned the floor at half past twelve o'clock
to-morrow, will the bill now pending in the
morning hour, which I introduced the other
day, have another morning hour after to-
morrow ?
The SPEAKER. The bill which the gen-
tleman reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions will, as the phrase goes, "run in the
morning hour" till the House disposes of it.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. Shall I be at liberty to bring up
my bill at any time after the bill of the gentle-
man from Ohio is disposed of?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have
that power ; but if it were called up after the
morning hour the bill would be subject to be
displaced by a motion of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations to suspend the
rules and go into Committee of the Whole. If
the bill were called up before the morning hour
the gentleman would be entitled to the floor.
The Chair will hear the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio.
CURRENCY BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I then renew
my motion to suspend the rules, so as to order
that during to-morrow, after half past twelve
o'clock, and during the following day, the
currency bill shall be the special order.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman to add
to his motion a provision that on Wednesday
debate be limited to ten minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think such an
arrangement as the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Allison] suggests had better be deferred. I
know a number of gentlemen are not willing
to assent to that arrangement now.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. One thing
further. 1 want the gentleman from Ohio to
include in his proposition a provision that if
the Committee on Banking and Currency should
on any day occupy the morning hour it shall
be charged to the committee as the time to
which they would be entitled under the call of
committees.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly ; let
it be understood that the morning hour which,
according to this proposition, is to be occupied
by the committee shall be charged as one of
the morning hours of the committee.
Several Members. That is right.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let it be further
understood that if we get time to bring other
business before the House we may do so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to state that
the Committee on Reconstruction have directed
their chairman [Mr. Butler, of Massachu-
setts] to report the Georgia bill at the earliest
possible moment. When he endeavored the
other day to report the bill he was instructed
by the Speaker that he could report it as soon
as the tax bill was disposed of. The chairman
is not now in his seat, having left a few minutes
before the tax bill was disposed of. I have
sent for him, and expect him here as soon as
he can be found. I hope nothing will be done
to prevent the reporting of the Georgia bill at
the earliest possible moment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recog-
nize that as a parliamentary point.
Mr. FARNS WO RTH. I d esire that no action
of the House shall be taken to the prejudice of
the Georgia bill in the absence of the chairman
of the Committee on Reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
moves to suspend the rules, so that to-morrow,
at half past twelve o'clock, the House will pro-
ceed to the consideration of the currency bill
to the exclusion of all previous rules and
orders; that the whole of to* morrow after that
time and the whole of Wednesday's session be
devoted to the consideration of that bill; and
that the morning hour, which is thus cut out,
shall be deducted from the time allowed to the
committee on its regular call.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has the Committee
on Banking and Currency the floor now in the
morning hour to make reports?
The SPEAKER. The committee will be
called in a very short time, being only two
committees distant.
_ Mr. BECIC. I rise to a parliamentary ques-
tion. I wish to know whether it is in order to
move that there be a call of the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this
time.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
one hundred and one, noes not counted.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended, and the prop-
osition of Mr. Gaufield, of Ohio, was adopted.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 now move to suspend
the rules for the purpose of having an order
entered that on Wednesday, the second day of
the debate, the speeches shall be limited to
fifteen minutes each instead of allowing each
member an hour.
The rules were suspended; and it was ordered
accordingly.
