1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1277
By Mr. McNEELY: The petition of E. H.
Curtis and others, cigar manufacturers and citi-
zens, of Canton, Illinois, asking for the increase
of the tariff on cigars.
Also, petitions of John A. Grammer and
others, citizens of Pike county, and of J. L.
Davis and others, citizens of Fulton county,
Illinois, asking for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. MAYNARD: A petition of sundry
citizens of Tennessee, praying Congress to
recognize the independence of Cuba.
Also, the petition of William Erwin, late
corporal company A, second regiment Ten-
nessee infantry volunteers, praying for a pen-
sion.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: The petition of
Caroline V. Cram, widow of Captain Jacob
Cram, of Marietta, Ohio.
By Mr. MUNGEN : The petition of J. H.
Burket and 300 others, citizens of Findlay,
Ohio, asking for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Arned Retter and 74
others, citizens of Van Wert, Ohio, for the
same.
Also, the petition of J. Miller and 49 others,
citizens of Hancock county, Ohio, for the same.
Also, the petition of Charles Sluder and 44
others, citizens of Mercer county, Ohio, for the
same.
Also, the petition of Samuel Focht and -35
others, citizens of Auglaize county, Ohio, for
the same.
Also, the petition of H. M. Cunningham and
VI others, citizens of Wyandotte county, Ohio,
for the same.
Also, the petition of Samuel Bolton and 28
others, citizens of Putnam county, Ohio, for
the same.
Also, the petition of J. D. Roop and 269
others, citizens of Fort Reeovery, Mercer
county, Ohio, for the same.
Also, the petition of H. M. Cline and 36
others, citizens of Auglaize county, Ohio, for
the same.
Also, the petition of S. Lybrand and 156
others, citizens of Allen county, Ohio, for the
same.
Also, the petition of M. Gast and 74 others,
citizens of Mercer county, Ohio, for the same.
Also, the petition of Jacob Wyandt and 22
others, citizens ofVan Wert county, Ohio, for
the same.
Also, the petition of N. P. Cupppy and 30
others, citizens of Celina, Ohio, for the same.
Also, the petition of S. F. Moore and 68
others, citizens of Hardin county, Ohio, for the
same.
Also, the petition of Israel E. Steinman and
48 others, citizens of Hancock county, Ohio,
for the same.
Also, the petition of John M. Lee and 49
others, citizens of Wyandotte county, Ohio, for
the same.
Also, the petition of J. M. Harper and 30
others, citizens of Mercer county, Ohio, for the
same. ■
Also, the petition of James Nicholas and 50
others, citizens of Allen county, Ohio, for the
same.
Also, the petition of J. C. Scott and 35
' others, citizens of Delphos, Ohio, for the same.
Also, the petition of John Sterling and 80
■ others, citizens of Whartonsburg, Ohio, for the
same.
Also, the petition of M. S. Elder and 50
others, citizens of Mount Victory, Hardin
county, Ohio, for the same.
Also, the petition of S. Laming and 20
others, citizens of St. Henry, Mercer county,
| Ohio, for the same.
Also, the petition of J. V. Stevenson and 60
others, citizens of Wyandotte county, Ohio, for
the same.
Also, the petition of D. Driver and 111
others, citizens of Allen county, Ohio, for the
same.
Also, the petition of M. Kelley and 29
others, citizens of Mercer county, Ohio, for
the same.
Also, the petition of George A. Dean and 91
others, citizens of Macomb, Hancock county,
Ohio, for the same.
By Mr. NUCKOLLS : A memorial and joint
resolution of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Wyoming, in reference to Indians.
Also, a petition of citizens of Gilmer, Wyom-
ing Territory, in favor of the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a netition of citizens of Piedmont,
Wyoming Territory, in favor of the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Fort Laramie,
Wyoming Territory, in favor of the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. PACKARD: A petition of citizens
of Pilot Grove, Newton county, and Idaville,
White county, Indiana, for the abolition of the
franking privilege. •
By Mr. PALMER: A petition from the
inhabitants of central Iowa, for the passage
of an act for the benefit of soldiers of the war
of 1812.
Also, petitions from the inhabitants of Sharon,
Wheeler'B Grove, St. John, Elk, Palmyra,
Crescent City, New Virginia, Panora, Talla-
homa, Guthrie Centre, Missouri Valley, Win-
terset, Dexter, St. Charles, Peru, Franklin,
Riley, Guthrie, Lincoln, Elkhart, Madora,
Hopeville, Ingart's Grove, Adelphi, Nevens-
; ville, Centre, Van Meter, Ringgold, Linden,
! Carlyle, High Creek, Ridgeville, Norwood,
1 Hartford, Adair, Promise City, Dale City,
i Mount JEtna, Wahagbonsy, Ohio, Freedom,
i Plattville, Little Sioux, Smyrna, Des Moines,
;| Greenwood, Osceola, Pacific City, Manti, Big
'j Grove, Saylor Perry, Earlham, Henderson,
' Atlantic, Pierce's Point, Willsburg, lndianola,
,i Clark county, Audubon county, Adams county,
i Fremont county, and Adair county, Iowa, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of A. W.
Foster, esq., of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, to
change the mode of electing members to Con-
gress.
By Mr. POMEROY: The petition of G. W.
Hazlett and others, of La Porte City, Iowa,
for the prepayment of all domestic postages.
Also, the petition of G. W. Hazlett and
others, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, the petition of John H. Coffin and
others, of Seneca, Iowa, for the same purpose.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of William
S. Lawson, of Ashley county, Arkansas, for
removal of his disabilities.
By Mr. SARGENT: A petition of citizens
of Newcastle, California, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Murphys, Cal-
ifornia, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Cisco, Cal-
ifornia, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Slippery Ford,
for the same purpose.
By Mr. SCHENCK: A memorial and remon-
strance of T. Tupper and others, representing
the sugar-planters of Louisiana, against the
reduction of import duty on sugar.
By Mr. SCOFIELD: A letter from the Sec-
retary of the Navy, inclosing a petition of war-
rant officers, asking for naval rank.
By Mr. SHANKS: A petition of Fort Wayne
Cigar Union, asking a reduction of duties on
tobacco.
Also, the petition of O. B. Boon, postmaster
at Montpelier, Blackford county, Indiana,
and 56 other persons, asking the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. Rayer, postmaster
at Rayer Station, Indiana, and 68 other per-
sons, for the same.
By Mr. SLOCUM: Apetition ofcigarmanu-
facturers and tobacco dealers of Brooklyn, for
reduction of duties on cigars and tobacco.
By Mr. SMITH, of Ohio: Petitions from
citizens of Williamsburg, Mount Pisgah, With-
amsville, Mount Olive, and Batavia, in Cler-
mont county, Ohio, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, petitions from citizens of Dodsonville,
Sugar Tree Ridge, and Webbertown, of High-
land county, Ohio, for the same object.
Also, a petition from citizens of Aberdeen,
Brown county, Ohio, for the same object.
Also, apetition from citizens of Fort William,
Clinton county, Ohio, for the same object.
Also, a petition from citizens of Fayette
county, Ohio, for the same object.
Also, a petition from citizens ,of Clermont
county, Ohio, for the same object.
By Mr. STRICKLAND: The petition of
Hon. Oren Stone, Hon. E. G. Gale, Hon. J.
B. Walker, Hon. E. M. Mason, Hon. H. Ii.
Lovell, and 400 others, citizens of the city
of Flint, in the State of Michigan, praying for
such reduction of duty on tea, coffee, drugs,
spices, and such other articles of comfort, the
product of tropical countries, as the necessities
of the revenue will admit, but strongly remon-
strating against any such change in our tariff
laws as is suggested by the free-trade league,
representing alien interests and sustained in
part by British gold. *
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of A. and
C. C. Spencer and others, cigar manufacturers,
&c., of Suffield, Connecticut, for an increase
of duties on imported cigars, and protesting
against a reduction of the same.
By Mr. TWICHELL : Petition of Timothy
J. Burns.
By Mr. TYNER: Petitions of 221 citizens
of Wawpecong, Russiaville, Santa F«j, Birm-
ingham, Liberty Mills, and Huntsville, in the
State of Indiana, asking the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio : Eight petitions,
numerously signed by citizens of the counties
of Adams, Scioto, Lawrence, Jackson, Gallia,
and Vinton, Ohio, praying for the passage of
a law abolishing the franking privilege.
By Mr. WITCHER: The petition of Giles
Jeffreys and 36 others, citizens of West Vir-
ginia, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Samuel Williams and
50 others, citizens of Greenbrier and Monroe
counties, West Virginia, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Joshua Day, postmas-
ter and 32 others, citizens of Spanishburg, for
the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Cornelius Slack and
30 others, citizens of Shrewsbury, Kanawha
county, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of E. K. Van Buns and
28 others, citizens of Sweet Springs, for the
same purpose.
Also, the petition of H. C. Duncan and 48
others, citizens of Wayne Court-House, for the
same purpose.
Also, the petition of A. W. Plymale and 25
others, citizens of Wayne county, for the same
purpose.
By Mr. WOODWARD: Apetition of Cigar-
Makers Union, No. 113, of Scranton, Luzerne
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the restora-
tion of tariff rates on imported cigars to
three dollars per pound and fifty per cent, ad
valorem.
Also, a petition of cigar-makers, &c., of
Milford, Susquehanna county, Pennsylvania,
for the same.
Also, a petition -of cigar-makers of New
Milford, Susquehanna county, Pennsylvania,
for the same.
Also, a petition of manufacturers of steel,
of Scranton, Pennsylvania, for a reduction of
the duties levied on imported steel.
Also, a petition of manufacturers of steel,
of Scranton, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of manufacturers of steel, of
Pittston, Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, for
the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Luzerne county,
Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
