mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. op Reps.
per cent, was received from the United
in 1867, 12 per cent.; and in 1866 less than 3
per cent. Her imports of flour were in similar
proportion.
The truth is, the American wheat-grower
finds Massachusetts a better customer than
England, and the six New England States
consume more than the entire foreign export-
ation.
Gentlemen who represent the West will per-
mit me to inquire whether it would notbemore
economical to export flour than wheat in bulk;
saving considerably in the cost of transporta-
tion and employing in the manufacture our own
millers and coopers rather than the millers and
coopers of England ?
The farmer has very little reason to wish his
wheat trade returned to " the good old times,''
in my own State especially. A gentleman liv-
ing near Murfreesborough, sitting at my side
during one of our evening debates, made this
memorandum upon my notes: "In 1837 we
sold wheat at 25 cents per bushel in Ruther-
ford county." It has cost many a Tennessee
farmer a whole bushel of wheat to pay the
postage of a single letterfrom a son or daughter
removed to the distant West.
I do not forget either that in the dark winter
of 1860, when we all sat here with bated
breath catching every ill-omened note, that
Indian corn on the prairies became of so little
value as food to man or beast that it was burned
as fuel for locomotives. No; as compared
with those days, the farmer has abundant
reason to thank God and take courage.
We have been repeatedly told that the ship-
ping interest is in a ruinous condition in con-
sequence of our tariff legislation. I shall not
debate that question at any length. The state
of our shipping is not satisfactory. I intro-
duced a proposition the other day looking to
its relief. But,let us look at the facts and see
whether this decline is reasonably or probably
attributable to our tariff legislation. I have a
list of the ships built in the United States in
1858, 1859, and I860, three years before the
war, and 1866, 1867, and 1868, three years
after the war:
Number ships. Tonnage.
1858  1,225 242,286.69
1859   870 156,601.33
186 0 1,071 212,892.45
186 6 1.888 '336,146.56
186 7 1,519 *303,528.66
186 8 1,802 *285,304.73
A comparison will show that the ship-build-
ing interest began to decline before the war,
and was only sustained by the enormous de-
mands of the Government for transportation
and for blockading purposes. While the war
lasted, therefore, the ship-yards exhibited great
activity. The revival was but temporary and
until the close of hostilities. We must recur
to the state of affairs before the war to find the
causes of the decline and the true remedy.
When that question comes up for consideration
I may perhaps take an opportunity to explain
my views more fully upon it.
THE TARIFF NECESSARY BOTH FOB l'EOTECTION AND
nryrxuK.
I have shown, it seems to me, the necessity
of protecting American labor against competi-
tion with the poorer paid and poorer fed labor
of England, Belgium, and other countries of
Europe whose products crowd our markets,
and of fostering important industrial enter-
prises still in their infancy, and shall add noth-
ing. Indeed, I have done little more than to
restate and amplify what was so effectively
said nearly fifty years ago by Andrew Jack-
son, in his well-known letter to Dr. Coleman,
of Warrenton, North Carolina. With an intui-
tive faculty of reaching the average understand-
ing of the American people, to which, more
than to anything else, is attributable his great
*Ncw admeasurement.
and continued popularity, he presented this
subject in words easy of comprehension and
as applicable now as in 1824, when they were
written:
"We have been too loDg subject to the policy of
British merchants. It is time wo should become a
little more Americanized, and instead of feeding the
paupers and laborers of England feed our own, or
else in a short time, by continuing our present policy,
wo shall all bo rendered paupers ourselvesIt is
therefore my opinion that a careful and judicious
tariff is much wanted to pay our national debt, and
to afford us tho means of defense within ourselves,
on which the safety of our country and liberty de-
pends, and last, though not least, givo a proper dis-
tribution to our labor, whioh must prove beneficial
to the happiness, independenco, and wealth of the
community."
The doctrine of protection and the sustain-
ing argument has rarely been so well put.
The continued necessity for revenue is an
unanswerable argument for the continuance
substantially of the present revenue tariff.
Upon this point the President in his annual
message employs a few well-chosen words:
"Tho subject of tariff and internal taxation will
necessarily receive your attention. Tho revenues of
tho country are greater than the requirements, and
may with safety be reduced. But as the funding of
the debt in a 4 or a ii per cent, loan would reduce
annual current exponses largely, thus after funding
justifying a greaterreduction of taxation than would
bo now expedient, I suggest postponement of this
question until the next meeting of Congress.
" It may be advisable to modify taxation and tariff
in instanceswhero unjust or burdensome discrimina-
tions aro made by tho present laws: but a general
revision of tho laws regulating this subject I recom-
mend tho postponement of for the present."
The current expenses of the Government
should be reduced to the lowest pointof enlight-
ened economy; nay, parsimony. All superflu-
ities and supernumeraries should be dispensed
with, and only the indispensable retained. In
this way, it is believed, the annual appropria-
tions may be reduced even below tho figures
before the war, after making proper allowance
for the growth of the country meanwhile, for
the increase of the pension-list, and the addi-
tional expense of collecting the largely enhanced
revenues.
But the public debt, the legacy of the rebel-
lion, is a constant burden upon the resources
of the nation, which can be relieved only by
payment or by repudiation—absolute, cheerful
payment, or absolute, sullen repudiation. For
much as I abhor repudiation, better that than
the delusive, empirical schemes to avoid pay-
ment without repudiation, which will entail
uponthe country all the odium of the latter and
at the same time enhance, one way or another,
all the inconvenience of the former.
The people of the country expect and intend
that the debt shall be paid. They know it is
an honest debt, and they will submit cheerfully
to pay it at however great a sacrifice. Nothing
done by the present Administration has given
so much public satisfaction as the successive
reductions, amounting in the aggregate on the
1st of the present month, since March 1, 1869,
to $87,134,782 84; considerably more than the
entire annual expenditure before the war. The
monthly statements of the debt published by
the Secretary of the Treasury are anxiously
looked for and eagerly read; and they greatly
misapprehended the popular feeling who sup-
pose that it is desired to have the debt made
perpetual, or its payment extended as a burden
upon another generation. On the contrary,
were the people assured of its extinction at any
time from ten to twenty years, they would make
almost any sacrifice to accomplish it as readily
as they made the superhuman sacrifices re-
quired to suppress the rebellion and save the
nation. Any policy which looks to an exten-
sion of the debt beyond the present generation
will, in my judgment, be a grave mistake. It
may result in a reduced rate of taxation, but
the reduction will not afford any sensible relief;
while the reflection that the burden is perma-
nent will after awhile make it insupportable.
The load that grows hopefully lighter is easily
borne.
I am in favor, therefore, of continuing the
reduction policy, and for that purpose of re-
taining the present duties on our enormous im-
ports. By this means will ourcredit appreciate ;
and before the close of the present Adminis-
tration our five per cents, and six per cents, can
be withdrawn and replaced by four per cents., or
even by securities bearing a still more moderate
rate of interest. Many gentlemen now in this
Chamber may see American three per cents,
take precedence in the money centers of the
world over French rentes and British consols.
By this sturdy and vigorous treatment the
public debt, now so portentous, will in a few
years dwindle into an inconsiderable affair.
THE TARIFF NOT SECTIONAL OK PARTIAL IN ITS Ol'F.ll-
ATIONS.
A few days ago the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Maesiiai,!.,] my associate on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, introduced into the
House a series of resolutions denunciatory,
among other things, of a tariff'' levied to foster
and enrich one section of our country at the
expense of others, or to foster and enrich one
class of citizens at the expense of others."
While it is not asserted that the present tariff
is of this character, yet if that was not the im-
port of the resolutions they have no meaning;
they are idle abstractions. The tariff was so
long and so persistently represented by a cer-
tain school of politicians as an ingenious device
to enrich New England, especially Massachu-
setts, at the expense of the rest of the country,
and particularly of the South, that agreat many
people believed it. Many still believe it. To
their minds it is simply a villainous Yankee
contrivance to tax tho whole country, especially
the southern people. The author of these res-
olutions quite probably shares this opinion, or
at least has constituents who do. If my own
constituents do not entertain the same views
it is not because they have not been often pre-
sented and enforced with every aggravation
of rhetoric. Under this ingenious system of
finance the southern people, so they have often
been told and so many of them believe, bore the
principal burdens of the Government. They
knew that as a people they did not get rich, and
this occurred readily as the reason: for years
prior to the rebellion British interests had
labored industriously to persuade them that if
the tariff and the navigation laws were abolished
they would enjoy a direct trade with England,
by which British vessels would bring them over
better and cheaper fabrics, and return laden
with cotton, greatly to the advantage of the
planter. The constant reiteration of this idea
for many years and in every form accustomed
the people of that region to consider them-
selves greatly oppressed, and to look upon
secession and disunion as the only means of
relief. This kind of agitation had been used
in 1832 and before to unsettle South Carolina
and involve her in nullification. It had much
to do in fomenting the late rebellion. And I
admonish those gentlemen here and elsewhere,
who are scattering the same fire-brands over
the West, whether for partisan or personal
ends, to beware lest they kindle a fire as
destructive to themselves and their region as
that which has so recently desolated the South.
The articles singled out of the tariff laws for
special odium are salt, coal, iron, lumber, and
wool. Now, ithappens thatNew England has
neither salt nor coal; but a limited deposit of
iron in Connecticut, lumber in the forests of
Maine, and wool on the mountains of Ver-
mont. The principal production of all these
articles is in other parts of tho country.
for instance, is produced in New York, Mich-
igan, Ohio,West Virginia, Virginia, Kentucky,
Tennessee, and Louisiana; coal in Pennsyl-
vania, Maryland, Virginia, West Virginia, Ohio,
Kentucky, Tennessee, California, indeed in
