264
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March BO,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Maynard.
41st Cong.,..2d Sess.
nearly every State but those of New England.
She is largely the purchaser of all these pro-
ducts, and a narrow self-interest on h^r part
would dictate that they be made duty free. A
finer perception of her m.atsrial interests would
promjrther to buyher salt from New York, her
coal from Maryland, her iron from Pennsyl-
vania, her lumber from North Carolina, Geor-
gia, and Florida, and her wool from Ohio, pay-
ingforthem in theproductsofherown labor, and
carrying the traffic each way over her own roads
and in her own ships.
It is true that New England has engaged
very largely and very successfully in manufac-
tures. In some branches she is unrivaled.
Her cotton manufacture has attained to such
excellence that the London Times refers to
"the superiority of American manufactures"
as among the obstacles to the prosperity of
English cotton-looms; and for years our fab-
rics have enjoyed such preeminence in India
that both Great Britain and Germany have
resorted to counterfeiting our trade-marks to
gain admission into that market. But it is no
disparagement to New England to affirm that
she is not the only ®r the principal seat of man-
ufactures in the country. However it may
have been forty years ago or twenty-five years
ago, it isnot sonow. Philadelphia, Pittsburg,
and Cincinnati are literally vast workshops, in
which are produced almost every conceivable
requisite for health and sickness, business,
pleasure, and comfort, peace and war; while
scattered over the middle States, the West, and
the South are a multitude of establishments,
some large, others small, employing thousands
ot people, and all busy in fashioning raw mate-
rials into forms adapted to the supply of human
wants.
At the woolen exhibition of 1888 in Chicago
there_were represented nearly thirty different
mi lis in Illinois alone. The surrounding States
of Indiana, Iowa. Michigan, and others were
not unrepresented. _ During the last summer
there was held in Cincinnati an exhibition of
textile fabrics for the West and South, at which
were displayed fabrics in great variety from, I
believe, every western State, including Cali-
fornia and the Territory of Utah, from Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia, and
South Carolina, in the South. It is now full
fifty years since the Edinburgh Review pro-
pounded the famous question, "Who sleeps in
American blankets?" Now comparatively few
in this country sleep in any but American:
and the blankets of the Pacific coast and the
cotton blankets of Georgia are unrivaled in
commerce. Flannels of superior texture and
quality are sold in the bazaars of this city
woven in the mills of central Iowa, and the
dress silks of New Jersey compete in excel-
lence with the silks of Lyons. This list of
successful manufacture might be extended to
the watches of Elgin and Waltham, better, I
am reliably informed, than any foreign time-
keepers of similar construction andprice; and
in fact indefinitely, and into almost every
branch of industry.
Let it not be supposed, however, that these
results have been reached without great effort
and sacrifice. The history of American manu-
factures is a dreary narrative of bold, unaided
endeavors by men who had little else than skill
and a purpose; of costly but useless experi-
ment; of discouragement, disappointment, fail-
ure, failure repeated and disastrous ; of penury,
want, and suffering. And when success crowned
the work, the community at large were bene-
iifed niLiier than they whose genius and patient
toil had accomplished it. A popular clamor
is attempted against the men engaged in this
Lmd of production. Phey are represented as
monopolists with overgrownfortunes, acquiring
fabulous wealth at the expense oi those who
purchase and use their products.
Mr. Chairman, it happened about two years
ago that I went on a special mission, to the
State of New Hampshire, for the purpose o,f in-
structing, or rath§r of disinstructing her people
concerning certain heresies which our friends
on the other side had been attempting indus-
triously to inculcate. I saw the people in their
various avocations and I came back instructed.
I made the acquaintance of these monopolists,
of whom we have heard so much. I saw them
at work in the manufacture of wool and cotton
and iron; in building the famous Concord
wagons, found in all parts of the country, even
in the canons of the Rocky mountains ; in drag-
ging the mountain birches from the cliffs and
crumbling them into shoe-pegs, measured by
the bushel and sold by the barrel. I saw women
engaged in the finer and nicer processes of
manufacture, while men were employed in the
heavier and coarser; I saw them at their work
cheerful and industrious; I saw them as they
went, and I saw them on their return; and
always the same cheerful and buoyant spirit.
I saw their children on the way to school,
decently clad, with satchel and shining morn-
ing face, and school-house that might well pass
for a temple or a palace. I saw them at church;
I saw them at political meetings—people of
the highest self-respect, and not deficient in
intelligence and cultivation, raised by honest
labor far above,the hard conditions of poverty,
the hardest of which, according to the satirist,
is the ridiculous shifts necessary to make the
two ends meet. These were the monopolists
of the country, the people who live by manu-
factures and work by machinery 1 Is it strange
that these New Hampshire men vote the Re-
publican ticket? There were other monopo-
lists. I remember a young man, not thirty
years of age, receiving a salary greater than
is paid to us as members of Congress. He was
at the head of a lar^e calico-printing estab-
lishment, which by his genius he was able to
organize and keep in operation. This was one
of God's monopolist?, endowed by his Maker
with a cunning brain to understand things
beyond the reach of other men. His talents
here found employment, profitable to himself
and useful to the world.
While the Committee of Ways and Means
were conducting their examinations in Boston
the last season, some pains was taken to ascer-
tain the profits upon capital employed in man-
ufactures there and in the neighboring region,
where the received opinion is that such capital
has enjoyed the largest returns. For this pur-
pose a number of witnesses were examined,
men of great experience and high social posi-
tion. Their testimony was, that taking a se-
ries of years together, the aggregate of capital
invested in manufacturing enterprises of the
different kinds had not yielded a return exceed-
ing the lawful rate of interest; while upon
manufacturing carried on upon borrowed money
there had been no profit. (See Appendix B.)
Now compare this with the profits of banking,
with the enormous mercantile incomes annu-
ally reported for taxation, reaching in some
instances to millions, and we see how na-
founded_ is the invidious clamor raised in the
name of free trade and'in the interest of those
very bankers and merchants who have grown
opulent by dealing in foreign exchange and
imported merchandise.
THE EFFECTOF THE PROTECTIVE POLICY IN TUB SOUTH.
But it is especially as the Representative
of a southern constituency that I advocate the
policy of protecting and fostering our man-
ufactures. The opposite doctrine had prevailed
for a whole generation prior to the war: and
during the war we experienced the bitter conse-
quences. Isolated from the rest of the world,
seaward by the blockade and landward by the
military lines, we endured privations altogether
incredible and difficult to appreciate. With
three thousand miles of sea-coast, and naval
stores and material in abundance, we had
neither ships nor seamen. With an unlimited
supply of cotton, and wool, a,nd hides, and oak
bark, and falling waters, we had neither shirts,
nor coats, nor blankets, nor shoes. But for
the household industry prevalent in the South
beyond other parts of the land, not a few would
have been reduced to stark nakedness. Many
ladies spun and wove the material for their
own dresses and for the clothing of their fami-
lies ; professional gentlemen made and mended
shoes for their own and their neighbors' chil-
dren.
With vast deposits of coal and iron ore we
produced nothing worth naming of which iron
was the component material; neither rails,
nor wheels, nor tires, nor axles for our rail-
ways, nor nails, nor screws, nor locks, nor
hinges, nor hammers, nor planes, nor saws,
nor axes, nor augers, nor chisels, nor plows,
nor hoes, nor chains, nor shovels, nor, with
the exception of horseshoes and bowie-knives,
scarcely anything required even for our com-
mon every-day affairs. Our salines had been
so imperfectly developed, under the cry of free,
untaxed salt, that as soon as our external sup-
ply was cut off we endured untold sufferings
through privation of this imperious necessity.
The growth of sugar, almost alone of southern
industries, had been encouraged by the tariff;
and until the loss of New Orleans and the
sugar-producing region our people had a full
supply. One most important and valuable
lesson to bo learned from the -war is the im-
policy of relying upon imports to supply those
articles of prime necessity which we can pro-
duce ourselves, even at a disadvantage and a
higher cost.
This lesson is not likely to be unheeded by
the South. Already the effects of protection
are felt upon all her industries. The closing
of her ports and the military lines of cireum-
vallation,pendinghostilities, co'tabined with the
utter worthlessness of her currency to stimu-
late her manufactures as never before. Iron,
salt, saltpeter, powder, caps, arms, cannon,
shoes, and clothing were produced in consider-
able quantities. In the construction of armored
ships and in submarine warfare there was pro-
gress beyond anything in the previous history
of warfare. In short, it,is not extravagant to
affirm that the southern people came out of the
war greatly improved in all the mechanic arts
and the manual skill necessary to independence
and self-reliance. They proved themselves apt
learners, though the teaching was harsh and
severe.
Since the war the advance has been even
more rapid. Old works have been revived and
repaired, and many new ones have sprung up.
The fabrication of cotton and woolen goods
has been greatly stimulated; also the produc-
tion of coal, salt, iron, copper, zinc, lumber,
and naval stores. Some of our spindles and
looms have distanced competition from foreign
or northern rivals. And but a few years will '
elapse, with the same encouragement and pro-
tection we now enjoy, before the South will
export largely both of her textile fabrics and
of the products of her mines, advanced to a
condition for immediate use—articles which
hitherto she has been accustomed to receive
either from foreign countries or from the man-
ufacturing districts of our own country. The
rapid development during the last few years
is both gratifying and encouraging to her true
friends.
The influence of a diversified industry has
been benign upon our great staples of cotton,
tobacco, rice, and sugar. Less labor has been
engaged than formerly in their cultivation, less
capital employed, butmore profitably; a larger
return for smaller crops. Three million bales
of cotton in 1809, at 25 cents, for instance, re-
alize 50 per cent, more than 5,000,000 bales in
1860 at 10 cents; while the work of growing
