3166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
A bill (S. No. 527) for the relief of William
F. Seott, late adjutant fourth Iowa cavalry
volunteers;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 84) authorizing
the rresideut to strike from the rolls of the
Aria j the names of certain officers;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 90) for the
relief of certain officers of volunteers ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 128) authorizing
the issue of clothing to certain enlisted men
of the fourteenth regimeut of infantry;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 141) to provide
for survey and estimates of cost of removing
obstructions from Bayou Teche, iu the State
of Louisiana;
A bill (S. No. 579) to create additional land
districts in the Territory of Dakota, to be called
the Springfield and Pembina districts;
A bill (S. No. 580) to fix the point of junc-
tion of the Union Pacific Railroad Company
and the Central Pacific Railroad Company ;
A bill (S. No. 740) authorizing the First
Natioual Bank of Delhi, New York, to change
its location;
A hill (S. No. 774) to authorize the Burling-
ton and Missouri River Railroad Company,
or its assigns, to change the established line
of said road in the State of Nebraska;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 23) for setting
apart a portion of the Fort Sneiling military
reservation for a permanent military post, and
the settlement of all claims iu relation thereto ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 78) relative
to the establishment of a light-station on the
Choptauk river, iu Maryland ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 159) author-
izing the Postmaster General to prescribe an
earlier time for the execution of contracts by
accepted bidders, and for other purposes;
A joint resolution (3. R. No. 1G5) extending
the time for the completion of the first section
of twenty miles of the Cairo and Fulton rail-
road ;
A bill (S. No. 684) to change the time for
holding the circuit and district courts of the
United States for the district of Wisconsin ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 146) for the
return of evidence of honorable discharge to
officers and enlisted men ;
A bill (H. R. No. 8G3) to authorize the issu-
ing of a certificate of registry or enrollment to
the schooners Zenas Snow and Patriot;
A bill (H. R. No. 897) to incorporate the
Washington and Boston Steamship Company;
A bill (H. R. No. 1G11) for the relief of
Friend A. Brainard ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1912) to extend the time
within which persons elected to office may take
the oath of office prescribed in an act entitled
"An act to admit the State of Texas to repre-
sentation in the Congress of the United States,"
approved March 30, 1870.
PETITIONS AND MRMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
John Seys, minister resident and consul gen-
eral at Liberia,praying payment of four months'
salary withheld from nim on account ofabsence
from duty; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CONKLING. I present sundry me-
morials of sellers of household wringers of !
various manufactures of citizens of New York,
representing that they have just learned that
House bill No. 1492, for the extension of John
Young's patent for washing and wringing ma-
chines, has been placed upon the Senate Cal-
endar with an adverse report from the com-
mittee, and they desire, therefore, to remon-
strate against the passage of the bill, and they
state that the effect of the extension of the
patent would be to increase the cost of these
necessary household articles already too heav-
ily burdened with patent tariffs. A bill having
been reported in this regard, I move that these
memorials lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
George K. Taylor, of Hanover county, Vir-
ginia: of John F. Smith, of Staunton, Virginia;
of John G. Fulton, Augusta county, Virginia;
of C. B. Hood, Culpepper county, Virginia;
of Allen D. Reade, Gloucester county, Virgiuia;
of William P. Jarman, Nelson coun'y, Virginia;
of O. C. Clark, Campbell county, "Virginia; of
William M. Hamlet.Campbell county, Virginia;
of William P. Jones, Norfolk county,Virginia;
of John B. Allen, Botetourt county, Virginia;
of Richard II. Blythe, Southampton county,
Virginia; of William Urquhart, Southampton
county, Virginia; of James W. Parker, South-
ampton county, Virginia: of William S. Good
wyn, Greenville county, Virginia; of G. W.
Stainback, Petersburg, Virgiuia; of W. S.
Thornton, Sussex county, Virginia; of Mills
13. Powell, Isle of Wight county, Virginia; of
A. M. Lenen, Ciiy Point, Virginia; of B. R.
Lewis, Dinwiddie county, Virginia; of Peter-
son Wells, Dinwiddie county, Virginia; of W.
F. Barrar, Dinwiddiecouuty, Virginia; of John
W. Temple. Prince George county, Virginia;
of William T. Temple, Priuce George county,
Virgiuia; of Ilenry E. Leath, Prince George
county, Virginia; of W. S. Pond, Southamp-
ton county, Virginia; of Thomas J. Brister,
Southampton county, Virginia; of John Prince,
Sussex county, Virginia; of William Briggs,
Sussex couut.y, Virginia; of Carter R. Bishop,
Petersburg, Virgiuia; of Lewis E. Mason,
Greenville county, Virginia; of William Har-
doway, Nottoway county. Virginia; of Robert
II. Jones, Petersburg, Virginia; of J. M.
Creekmore, Norfolk, Virginia; and of John
T. Sutherland, Dinwiddie county, Virginia,
praying the removal of their political disabil-
ities; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal cf Political Disabilities.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of Corbin Washington and others,
praying that the crew of the United States
frigate Missouri be compensated for the loss
of their clothing by the burning of that vessel;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. VICKER3 presented the petition of
Thomas J. Hudgins, of Matthews county, Vir-
ginia, praying for the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented amemorial
of George T. Goodwin & Co. and J. M. Smith,
of Connecticut, sellers of household wringers
of various manufactures, remonstrating against
the passage of House bill No. 1492, for the
extension of John Young's patent for washing
and wringing machines; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of
Thomas R. Smith, of Memphis, Tennessee, in
behalf of Robert H. Wood, of that State, pray-
ing for the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of R. H.
Wood, of Bolivar, Tennessee, praying for the
removal of his political disabilities; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
He also presented a memorial of the Governor
of the State of Tennessee, praying an appro-
priation to that State for materials belonging
to the Winchester and Alabama railroad used
by the Government during the late war; which
was referred to the Committee on ClaimB.
He also presented the petition and papers of
John W. Smith, of Memphis, Tennessee, pray-
ing to be remunerated tor expenses incurred
and losses sustained in the United States ser-
vice as scout, spy, and partisan in the years
1861, 18G2, and 1863; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs. >
Mr. SUMNER presented additional papers
in the case of J. Ross Browne; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
KEPOKT9 OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to wliom was referred the
bill (S. No. 450) to authorize the settlement
of accounts of officers of the Army and Navy,
to report it back without amendment and rec-
ommend its passage. It will be remembered
that tills bill was originally reported by the
Committee on Military Affairs, and on my
motion was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance for examination. We have carefully
inquiredof the Secretary of War, the Secretary
of the Navy, and the Secretary of t he Treasury,
who are unanimously of the opinion that this
bill ought to pass promptly; anil as 1 interposed
an objection to its passage when it was reached
ou the Calendar, 1 ask that it be now acted
upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio asks for the present consideration of this
bill reported back from the Committee ou
Finance, stating that he objected to it when it
was reached on the Caleudar and had it referred
to the Committee on Finance, and the com-
mittee now report favorably upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not let it go on
the Calendar?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that if Senators desire it. There are letters
with tho bill from the Secretary of War, the
Secretary of the Navy, and the Treasury De-
partment in favor of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am for the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will take but a moment
to act upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been once
reached on the Calendar, read, objected to,
and referred to the Committee on Finance for
further investigation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Iamin favor of the object
of the biH. I will not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the bill unless it is objected to.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That had better go on
the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont desires the bill to be placed on the
Calendar. It will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will inquire whether
the Seuate has not directed that all treaties
with Indian tribes shall be considered iu open
session ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. If so I will make a
report. The Committee on Indian Affairs, to
whom was referred the treaty between the
United States and the New York Indians, con-
cluded September 4, 18G8, have had the same
under consideration, and recommend that the
treaty be not ratified. I move that the report
be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be printed, and the treaty, with the adverse
report, placed on the Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY. What treaty is it?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The treaty with the
New York Indians.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am directed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 38G) prescribing the
rules of evidence in certain cases, to report it
back adversely, with a recommendation that it
be indefinitely postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will ask if that is a bill
I introduced?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not remember who
introduced it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
introduced by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill proposes to
prevent parties from testifying in cases where
executors, administrators, next of kin, and
others are interested.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think lam able to show
very good reasons why such a bill as that
j should pass. It is in conformity to the laws
I of the States.
