1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3167
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Oregon, if he will allow me, that by
act of Congress the United States courts con-
form as to the competency of testimony to the
Suite law. We also hare another general law
bv which in suits by executors. administrators,
and persons suing in a fiduciary capacity of
that character, where they are parties, the
other party is not permitted to testify to any
statements made by them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Made by the deceased?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Made by the deceased.
This bill perhaps goes a step further in ex-
tending it to the exclusion of vendors and
assignors: but we have a statute already adopt-
ing the State laws upon this subject, and we
thought there was no necessity for this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Oregon desire the bill to be placed on the
Calendar, with the adverse report of the com-
mittee?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir; let it go on the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go on the
Calendar with the adverse report.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the .Judiciary, to whom was referred tho bill
(H. R. No. 386) to amend an act entitled "An
act to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States," approved March
2. 1867, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the bill (S. No. 581) to amend
the bankrupt act so as to exempt from its pro-
visions certain interests in life insurance pol-
icies, and the bill (S. No. 6' 1 > to amend an
act entitled ''An act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout, the United
States," reported adversely, and moved their
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. PRAT'l', from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of James
Kelley, captain of the thirty-fourth United
States infantry, praying for pay and allowances
of a captain in the United States Army from
Jaly 1,1864, to September 16,1867, submitted
aa adverse report thereon ; which was ordered
to he printed.
Mr. WARNER, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
317) to define the intent of an act entitled "An
act to allow deputy collectors of internal rev-
enue acting as collectors the pay of collectors,
and for other purposes,"' approved March 1,
1869, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of N. H. Fry, pray-
ing that a special license tax illegally assessed
upon him as a distiller of brandy from fruit in
18C8 be refunded, a«ked to be discharged from
its furthfr consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. SUilXEll, from the Committee ou For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the peti-
tion ot Jennie Stacey. praying an appropriation
for the purpose of bringing the remains of her
father, Henry B. Stacey, late United States
consul at Reval, Russia, to this country for
interment, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the petition of
Anson W. Aldrich, praying compensation for
liquors stolen while in possession of the Gov-
ernment uuder seizure, the return of duty paid
ihereon, and costs incurred in procuring their
reiease from seizure, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
indefinitely postponed; which was agreed to.
G RENVILLE M. DODQE.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by ibe Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 1892) making an
appropriation to satisfy a judgment obtained
against Grenville M. Dodge, late an officer of
the Lnited 8tates, and others, for acts done by
them in the line of their duty, to report it back
without amendment.
The VICE PRE8IDENT. Tho bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. HOWELL. I should be very much
gratified if that bill could be read a third time
and put on its passage now. I shall be greatly
obliged to Senators if they will consent to it.
By unanimous consent,the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It appropriates the sum of $5,000, or aa
much thereof as may be necessary, to enable
the Secretary of War to satisfy a judgment ob-
tained against Grenvilte M. Dodge, late an
officer of the United States, and others, for
acts done by them in the line of their duty,
under orders from their superior officers, and
to defray the cost of defending the suits at law
in which snch judgment was recovered.
Mr. HOWE. Is there any report accom-
panying the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no
written report.
Mr. HOWELL. The bill has passed the
House of Representatives, and is reported
favorably here by the Committee on Military
Affairs. The circumstances are simply these:
in the execution of orders during the war Gen-
eral Dodge took possession of some cattle in
Kansas which were replevied, and he not being
able to be there to defend the suit judgment
was obtained, and the suit was certified to
Iowa, and execution has issued in Pottawat-
. omie county, the place of General Dodge's
' residence, and he is harassed by the issue of
execution and levy upon his property. It is
a case in which there is no question whatever
of the propriety of the action of Congress in
the premises, I believe.
Mr. HOWE. How came General Dodge to
take the cattle? He was not in the commis-
sary department, was he ?
Mr. HOWELL. It was during the war, and
he took them in some way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Under orders?
Mr. HOWELL. They were taken nnder
orders for the military department at the time.
Mr. SHERMAN. There was a general i
order issued requiring Army officers to seize
all the supplies in certain regions of country.
I prestim" that is this case.
Mr. POMEROY. But not in Kansas.
Mr. HARLAN. This order was issued to
break up cattle-stealing in the Indian territory
with a view of protecting the Indians. The
cattle that were taken by order of General
Dodge were herds of cattle driven out of the
Indian country into Kansas for sale. Certain
parties replevied the cattle, and finally got
judgment in one case against General Dodge.
The transcript of that judgment has been sent
to one of the courts in Iowa and docketed,
and execution has issued upon it.
Mr. HOWE. What became of the cattle
that were seized ?
Mr. HARLAN. Some of them were recov-
ered by the parties who replevied, and some of
them were used by the Army.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the amount of
the judgment?
Mr. HARLAN. I do not remember the
exact amount. It is less than five thousand
dollars.
Mr. HOWELL. Five thousand dollars, I
think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin object to the bill?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir. I do not want to
interpose an objection; but I think it is a little
extraordinary that such a bill should be pre-
sented about which we can have so few facts
as to the amount of the judgment, or the party
recovering it, or why he recovered it.
Mr. HOWELL. The amount of the judg-
ment is stated in the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
BILLS1NTKODOCJ5D.
Mr. CAMERON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. li. No. 188) to furnish medals
to certain Pennsylvania and Massachusetts
soldiers; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
876) to promote the greater efficiency of the
Navy; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
i, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 877)
to regulate the pensions of the Navy and Ma-
rine corps, and for other purposes: which was
read twice by its title, referred to tne Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 878) to amend an act entitled "An act to
establish and declare the railroad and bridges
of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga
Railroad Company, as hereafter constructed, a
Sost road, and for other purposes," approved
[arch 2, 1868; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
879) for the relief of the inhabitants of the city
ojf Black Hawk and Central City, in the Ter-
ritory of Colorado; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the bill
(S. No. 810) to enforce the fifteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
be reprinted.
The motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. FERRY submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
1 974) making appropriations for the legislative,
I executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
I ernment for the year ending 30th June, 1871;
! which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. ROSS submitted an amendment in-
1 tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
1169) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
: ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations (so
i called) with various Indian tribes for the year
; ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes ;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
! ORDER OF BUSINESS.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
; hour has expired, and the Senate will proceed
j to the consideration of bills on the Calendar
to which objection shall not be made. The
Chair will state that since he submitted to the
Senate this morning the House bills and joint
resolutions lying on his table a concurrent reso-
lution has been received from the other House
providing for the final adjournment of Congress
on the 4th of July. If it is the pleasure of the
Senate the Chair will submit that concurrent
resolution to-morrow morning.
Mr. WILSON. I move that it lie on thetable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table for the present, the morning hour having
passed, and the Chair will present it to-morow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
that the Calendar is now in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to make
an observation to the Senate. We have been
now eight days, I think, upon the Calendar,
and all this time I have been, as the Senate
knows, very anxions to take up the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill, and
I think it very important that the Senate should
proceed to its consideration; but upon the sup-
position that the Senate desire to continue this
