18*0,]
APPENDIX TO THE, CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
41st Cong....2dSess.
The Tariff—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. oi? Reps.
and handling is 50 per cent. less. The state
of the cotton trade will appear more exactly
from the following table, compiled from the
custom-house returns:
Cotton exported.
Pounds. Bales. Value.
1868  780,600,770 1,936,502 $195,962,187
I860 .722,618,929 1,806,547 187,762,477
It is farther shown by the statistics of manu-
facture that in 1SG9 there were spun in the
United States 434,293,883 pounds, equal to
1,OSS,734 bales of 400 pounds each ; so that at
present we export something less than 2,000,000
bales .and consume something more than 1,000,-
000. Assuming as correct the figures given the
other evening by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Buckley,] the cotton spun in the United
States in 1869 amounted in value, after com-
ing from the spindle, to $200,576,320. The
value of the cotton crop for 1869 may be stated,
then, as follows:
Pounds. Value.
Exported  722,618,929 $187,702,477
Span  '131,293,883 260,576,329
Total 1,159,912,812 $148,338,806
I am indebted to the same gentleman for the
fact that 35,860,750 pounds were spun in 101
southern mills, and 398,433,133 pounds in 693
northern mills.
The material interests of the South were
never so hopeful as at this moment; she wo.s
never so near to a condition of self-support,
and her people never had so much ready money
or were so little incumbered with debt. It
would be a disastrous policy for her to repeal
the present protective tariff and return to the
old condition of things before the war. Let
New England and Pennsylvania with their
superior mechanical skill and capital; let New
York, with her great entrepot of foreign com-
merce; let the free and mighty West, proud
of her growth, satisfied in her abundance and
insouciant of the future—let them unite, if they
will, to discard protection to their labor and
to their springing enterprises; the South can-
not afford to do it; she is behind them all in
the race of prosperity. But let her industry
be protected and fostered for a few years to
come as they have been for a few years past
and she will be abreast of the foremost.
If, therefore, she is wise she will discard the
pernicious counsels of a school of economists
whose teachings in the past brought her to a
state little better than vassalage, dependent
and in debt in time of peace, without resources
in time of war. She will embrace the same
policy which has made other parts of our com-
mon country wealthy, prosperous, and great.
Nature has done more for Virginia than for
New York, for Kentucky than for Ohio, for
Tennessee than for Indiana, for Georgia than
for Illinois. I appeal, then, to my southern
associates. I invoke a common interest. Dif-
fering as we have differed in the troubled past
or as we may differ even now on questions of
political expediency and justice, we surely
can agree on a line of policy which will de-
velop our commerce, our mines, our manufac-
tures, no less than our agriculture.
THE EFFECT OF THE TAT'-!I'F OX OUR RELATIONS W1TII
ENGLAXD.
But there is another aspect of this subject
which I beg maybe considered, the interna-
tional aspect, especially as it affects our atti-
tude toward England. We have an unsettled
account with her.. The particulars of it I do
not propose now to state. They are well un-
derstood by the people of this country, and that
is enough for my present purpose. She had
much to do in fomenting our strife, by per-
sistently and for a long series of years irritating
the anti-slavery feeling of the North, and, as
I have shown, at the same time exciting the
jealousy and cupidity of the South by visions
of direct trade and cheap goods. The rend-
ing asunder of the great Republic of the West
would have the twofold effect of bringing to
naught republican Governments the world over,
and of converting the South into a stipendiary
cotton plantation, supplying the raw material
in exchange for the products of British looms,
thus accomplishing at the same time much
desired political and industrial results. Out
of this feeling grew the treatment on which is
based the unadjusted Alabama claims. There
is no urgent necessity to adjust them. Better
for us that they remain as they are. We have
suffered all that it is possible to suffer. Eng-
land has done her worst. She can inflict no
further injury upon us. We are gradually
recovering from our terrible losses. Soon
they will be made good and will be no longer
felt. _ But they will not be forgotten; they will
remain a precedent convenient to us, trouble-
some. if not dangerous to her, in all future
time.
Meanwhile the necessities of the war and of
the heavy public debt incident to it, both of
which her policy rendered trebly burdensome,
have given a stimulus to our manufacturing
industry, with results as gratifying to us as
disagreeable to her. America had become by
far her most profitable customer. She enjoyed
here an almost unrestricted market. Our du-
ties amounted, all told, to less than $60,000,000,
and our manufactures were fain to get such
protection as these afforded. Now they are
more than doubled, and thus the protection
incidental has stimulated our home products
to a successful competition and a great reduc-
tion in cost. England sells us less and is
compelled to accept lower prices. In fact she
has lost control of the American market. Our
imports in 1868 from all the British possessions
in every part of the world were less than in
1860, and from England alone less by S£6,780,-
145. The different articles of iron, and steel,
and salt, and coal, and cottons, and woolens
present some interesting statistics. I instance
the imports of pi^ iron from England, Scot-
land, and Ireland for several years before the
war in comparison with 1868, the latest pub-
lished :
1S57..
1 b.v'J.
1860.
1868.
Cwi.
Cut.
Oat.
Tone.
England 
.... 274,099
467,091
415,901
34,911
Scotland....
. 710,732
890,41?
937,48<
56,475
800
Ireland 
  23,000
32,188
57,774
Total 
 1,007,831
1,331,691
1,111,161
92,186
In 1857 we imported from England railroad
iron to the value of $6,990,083; in 1868 only
$4,270,789. Then we imported all our cast
steel, now scarcely one half—other articles in
like proportion. (See Appendix C.)
No wonder thai British traders cry out against
the duty on pig iron, railroad iron, and cast
steel. It hurts them. Because the American
production lias so increased as to control and
regulate the market, and they are consequently
compelled to pay the duty themselves for the
privilege of the trade, in this way their vile
and unneighborly acts, which troubled us so
much and cost us so much, are working out
their own retaliation. We have only to wait and
be patient. The Alabama claims will be paid
in good time, principal and interest, to the
utmost farthing, without a murmur or a wry
face, and by England herself. They will be
twice paid—into the Treasury in the shape of
duties, which she will pay and never collect,
and to the citizens in the reduced price of her
wares. All the while she will send her " Mon-
archs" to do obeisance at our gates, with pro-
testations numberless ofgood-will andbrotherly
regard, which we have at last learned to appre-
ciate at their true and exact value. She is
under bonds to keep the peace and to be of
good behavior toward us much longer than the
year and a day prescribed by the old common
law.
RE AFFIRMATION OF FORMER OPINIONS.
These views, such as they are, are not new
with me, nor expressed for the first time. At
the. risk of offending the House by such an
act of questionable taste, I will venture to quote
from a speech of mine delivered on this floor,
May 7, 1860, in a debate upon what was sub-
sequently known as the Morrill tariff bill, with
an eminent member from Ohio, then chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, now
serving with distinction at the other end of the
Capitol. He had asserted as the necessary
effect of the tariff—
"That tho duties imposed and collected on im-
portedgoods are, in all cases, and as matter of course,
paid by the consumer, and thus are a tax on thepeo-
ple."
To, which I replied :
"Tho unsoundness of this theory is to my mind
very obvious. Imposts are but items in the general
charges upon merchandise between the producer and
the consumer, as much so as freights, commissions,
or insurance—no more, no less—and follow tho same
co-mmercial laws; and whether th eso charges are paid
by the producer or by the consumer, or partly by .both,
depends, I take it, upon whether the one.is compelled
to sell or the other compelled to buy, or tho traffic
is mutually desirable and beneficial. If the pro-
ducer is compelled to seek a foroign market he must
pay the expense of getting bis products there and
mustincur all intermediate charges. If, ontlieother
hand, the consumer is compelled to so into a foreign
market to buy.hcmust bear the expense and the in-
termediate charges.''
A Representative from Pennsylvania not
now in the House (Mr. Campbell) threw in an
interpellation:
" Every cent of the duty you pay on tea and coffee
and such articles amounts to a tax upon the con-
sumer, because wo raise none of these articles in
this country. Wc have nothing to compete with
them. Tho duty acts as a direct taxation upon the
consumer, becausc the producer has control of the
market. JJuton articles of cotton, or of iron, or cop-
per, or lead, anything, indeed, that wo ean produce
at home, tbe effect of our imposition of duty is to
compel the foreign producer to pay duty himself, in
order to afford him a chance of selling in our mar-
ket. It builds up a home competition and enables
the article to be supplied at a lower price than it
could be imported for. I deny, therefore, that tho
consumer pays the duty which you lay upon foreign
fabrics when there is any home articlc whieli enters
into competition with them."
I may observe in this connection how much
less onerous to the people are the tariff duties
than the internal taxes, although the amounts
collected under the two systemsarenot veryun-
equal. Hence, in all our legislation we should
keep steadily in view the early termination of the
internal revenue system. Already it has been re-
duced to a comparatively small number of taxa-
bles, and a further reduction is proposed. Dis-
guise it as we may, this system is a grievous bur-
den to the people. Inquisitorial, meddlesome,
vexatious, filling the land with an army of offi-
cials, assessors, assistant assessors, collectors,
deputy collectors, supervisors, gaugers, store-
keepers, inspectors, spies, detectives, and in-
formers, it is, even when administered honestly
and in good faith, oppressive and annoying,
quite to the point of patient endurance. But
in the hands of the incompetent or the cor-
rupt, with its ceaseless mistakes and blackmail
exactions, it becomes intolerable.
Nothing in our history is more scandalous
than the whisky-tax operations. The tax itself
operates to throw the business of distillation
into a few hands, as a similar tax has done
in England. The small distillers are crushed
out and their occupation gone. The sense of
oppression, which makes even wise men mad,
arrays them against the law and the Govern-
ment as unjust; illicit distillation goes on in
every dark corner, followed by open hostilities
against the honest officials and secret bribery
of tho corrupt. Nothing but an unyielding
necessity for revenue could for a moment jus-
tify such a system, and it ought not to be
continued after the necessity is over.
