1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2223
receive a fair profit on their business then tliey
are enabled to pay fair prices for labor; and
thus when the iron-men prosper as a general
thing the mechanic and laborer also prosper ;
at least I have found it so at the works where
I live. The gentleman from Iowa has forgot-
ten the depressed state of trade and the suffer-
ing among the laboring classes in this country
when low tariff principles prevailed ; lie has
forgotten how the agricultural interests of the
country at that time were also flattened out,
with no demand for their crops, in many places
no market or price for their wheat, corn hardly
. worth husking, and potatoes would not pay for
digging. Now, ?ir, let the views of these gen-
tlemen prevail, place the iron and other indus-
trial interests again back on a low tariff, or
take away that which we have, as is advocated
by some of the members on this floor, and to
my mind we shall witness a Car worse state
of things in J,lie country than we have ever
seen before. The agricultural interest and the
manufacturing interest hinge together; when
one thrives the other thrives. No market is
so good for the farmer as the one opened up
to him by the manufacturer, and the true policy
of the agricultural interest is to sustain and
foster our manufacturing interest,; for when
that is flourishing then there is a ready market
and good prices for the products of the farm.
But if the manufacturing interest is destroyed
and all now engaged in it are driven into
tilling the soil it is evident that the agricul-
tural interest of the country must also suffer,
and, like the other, eventually be destroyed.
Mr. Speaker, it seems to me very plainly
our duty to protect the great industrial inter-
ests of the country, and be very careful how
we allow any inroad to be made upon them.
With our mountains lilled with minerals, and
many of them full of iron ore, which by us in
New Jersey is looked upon almost as valuable
as the gold of California—in view of these
facts it would seem folly to take off the tariff
on iron, as advocated by some of the members
of this House. To do that would tend to close
up or cripple every iron mine, blast-furnace,
forge, and rolling-mill in the country, stop
many private and public works, depress trade,
throw out of employment thousands of work;
men, and make all classes feel the effects of
it. As it is, under the present tariff and at
the present prices of pig iron and the prices
of many articles manufactured from iron in
some places, it is with difficulty the business
is continued.
The argument used by some that too high
prices are paid for labor by the manufacturers
is very unjust to the laborer. X have lived long
enough in the manufacturing portion of my
district to know that when labor is well paid,
not only is the laborer benefited but the com-
munity at large is also benefited. It shows
itself by the neat homes dotted about in the
cities and villages in the district,. It also
shows itself in school-houses and churches
built by their aid, and in the general thrift and
prosperous condition ot things in all kinds of
trade; therefore we say let us have fair prices
for labor if we desire to see a sound and healthy
condition of things in the country. If there is
any class of men whoso interest have been too
much overlooked in this country it is the work-
ingmen, and when the members of this House
strike at the tariff on pig iron or any of the
iron interests to break it down they crush the
workingman. If any member desires to see a
hard-working man let him visit our iron mines;
there lie will find, far under ground, these men
who sacrifice life and health to bring out the
valuable ore which when manufactured into
iron brings the pure gold; and the same may
be said of all workmen in forges, blast-fur-
naces, rolling-mills,maehme-shops,founderies,
wood-choppers, and.those engaged at the coal-
ing jobs; in fact in every branch of the iron
business, directly or indirectly, they are to be
found, the sons of toil and hard labor. Mr.
Speaker, this is not so much a question whether
the manufacturer shall be protected as it is
whether the workingmen, they who do the hard-
labor work of the country, shall be protected
from the cheap labor competition of Europe.
Sir, 1 represent a large body of these men
whose only capital is their hands—a noble-
hearted, honest, and faithful class of citizens;
and I enter tnv solemn protest against any
movement here that will tend to their injury,
either directly or indirectly. It was this class of
men who helped to save us us a nation in the time
of war ; who followed the old flag of our coun-
try to the cannon's mouth and to the breast-
works of the enemy. Many thousands of this
class of men laid down their lives on the altar
of our country to save and protect it when
assailed by traitors, and while I have a vote or
a voice in the counsels of the nation for the
defense and protection of the workingmen it
will be given. Sir, it is our duty to elevate
labor ; and we can do it in no butter way than to
protcct it by protecting the industrial interests
of the country, which not only insures to them
plenty of work, but at the same time insures
to them fair prices for their labor. I am op-
posed, Mr. Speaker, to the attempt made by
some of the gentlemen on the floor of this
House to break down capital and thereby
crush the laboring classes of this country.
Sir, we do not want to be placcd oil a level
with the manufacturing interest of Europe,
where the laborer is ground down to such
prices for his labor that ho can scarcely live,
paid only from 25 to tiO or 90 cents a day, and
on account of the scanty subsistence obliged
to take their wives and girls into the mines and
the iron-works to help make out a decent or
fair day's work, and these poorly fed and
poorly clad, with nothing to educate their chil-
dren. Bearing upon this point I will quote
from ttie very able and unanswerable speech
made yesterday by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, Mr. Kuu.ui-, a statement, of the
wages and subsistence of families of laborers
in Europe, on page I7!i of the monthly report
ot the JJeputy Special Commissioner of the
Revenue, No. 1 of the series J800—70. It
refers specially to Germany, and was trans-
lated and compiled from No*. 10-lli of the
publications of the imal i'tusMiui statistical
bureau, Herli11, lWiti:
"Tho whcuit-growors ot' Iowa and the West are
: uiTunu;,r from tho want of a market for the;,'nun. Too
hirgo a proportiun of our people aro raisins wheat.
We want move miners, railroad mm, and mechan-
ics, ami our inesent rate of wages aro inducing thorn
to come to ns. lta.lt' a million people tempted by
those wages will come this year. Our working peo-
ple are tree eonsuuicrs of wheat, beef, pork, and
mutton, lint could they ho under IVco trado or
reduced duties ? 'L'hoso articles are luxuries rarely
enjoyed by tho working people of Kngland or the
eonl.inent, witii whom ami-protect ionisls would com-
pel them to compete. The oiliuial paper to which I
refer tells us that'rye aiul potatoes form tho chief
food of the labot'inij classes; lliat llie wive* and
daughters of brick-makers, coal and iron miners,
and furnace and rolling-nnll men aid them in their
l'OUKh employments; that tho regular wages of
workingmen average in summer and winter from
It! 8-10 to :M cenLs per day, and those of females from
k! to J11 cents per day; that turners at tunneling aro
sometimes paid as much as 73 cents (I thaler) per day,
and that a brick-maker, aided by his wife, averages
80 cents nor da,y; that wages for female labor are
more uniform, and that 18eents per day can ho earned
byaskilltul ham!; I hatjuvcnile laborers in factories
begin with 'IS cents per week for 10 hours' daily, and
rise to 72 cents per week ; that ttie general average
ot daily wages is as lollows: males, for hourswork
per day in tho country, 19-i- cents ; in cities, 2-t cents;
a,nd that tho wages of master-workmen, overseers,
&c„ aro at least Srl72 per your.' "
Mr. Kelley presented a statistical table
showing the rate of wages paid for factory and
other labor in different parts of Europe, to-
gether with the cost of subsistence; and I here
submit the prices of laborin Germany lie refers
to, and ask the careful perusal of every mem-
ber of this House, and of every workingman,
not only in my district, but throughout this
great country ; gkrmany.
Lower Silesia, translated and compiled from Nos.
10-12 ot'the publicntions of the lloyal Prussian
Statistical Bureau, Berlin, 18GS.
The regular watresof workingmen nvernce insum-
mer and winter from 16.8 cents to 2£ cents (gold) per
day; of females, from 08.4 to 14.4 cents per day, more
nearly approaching the higher rate. i)uring the
short winter days workingmen receive for 8 Hours
labor from 10 to 14.4 cents; .the females 7.2 cents;
while ia summer for 12 to lo hours labor the rela-
tive wages aro from 19.2 to 28.8 cents, and from 14 4
to 19.2 cents respectively. Xhewagesof thosework-
in°-in the royal forests are so regulated as to aver-
age 24 cents per day for males, and 14.4 cents per day
for females; in some mountain countries the latter
receive but 12 cents. , ,
In larger cities wages rise above these rates, espe-
cially for skilled labor. Men working on railroads
receive in summer from 28.8 to ob cents per day, and
women from 16.8 to 26.4 cents. In the larger cit km
ordinary femalo help in housekeeping is paid lrom
2i to 26.4 cents. , , ,
When work is scarce the wages often tall to about.
16.8 cents pel- day for males, andS.Bconts for females.
Labor is often paid by the hour, at from 1.4 to> ■>
cents for males, and 0.4 to 2 cents for females; 2.1
cents per hour arc the wages of an ablo field laborer
in tho mountains. .
During tho summer especially opportunities tor
work are offered to children, who receive from 6.11
to 7.2 cents per day, and in winter about, 4,8 cents.
Wherever the work rises above mere manual labor
in a trade or factory the daily wages of men arefrom
30 to 48 cents, and often rise to 60 cents. Minors at
tunneling are frequently paid i2 cents, (1 thaler w in
the district of Gbrlitz a brick-maker, aided oy Ins
wife, averages 80 cents per day; ui the district ot
I'auer from So 70 to $7 20 per week. Skilled work-
men of largo experience receive troui $360 to $-!•->-per
annum. The wages of the moiders and enamelers
in iron-founderies, of the locksmiths and joiners in
machine-works, in piano factories, amount to Irora
72 cents to $1 OS per day; the same in manufactories
of glass, silverware, watches, and hac factories. Ihe
highest wages paid to a very skillful joiner in apiano-
forto factory were $12 24 per week.
Wages for female khboraremoreuniform through-
out; 18 cents per day can be earned by askillfulhand,
24 cents per day very rarely.
Juvonile laborers in factories begin with wages oi
48 cents per week, tor ten hours' work daily, and rise
to 72 cents per week.
Tho general average of daily wage? is as follows:
males, for 12 hours' work per day, in the country,
10.2 cents; in cities,24 cents; harder labor,30 cents;
in cents, cites; skilled labor, GO cents.
Tho wages of master workmen, overseers, <fcc., are
not iuoluded m the above average, but are at least
£172 per annum.
In regard to tho time of work, laborers in factories
aro employed 11 to 12 hours per day, (exclusive of
time lor meals;) where work is continued day and
night, tho hours for the day aro from 0 to 12 a. m.
aiul 1 to 7 p. in,; for the night, from 7 p. in. to ti a. m.,
with vhour recess; in a tew districts 10 hours con-
stitute a day's work. In many cloth factories and
wool "-pinncrics, males and females work 12 to 13
hours, and some even 16 hours per day. As an ex-
ample, a cloth factory employs firemen and machiii-
iMs 10 hours, ppinncrs and dyers 14 hours, all others
12 hours, exclusive of time for meals. In glass-works,
tho nature of theworkrequiresfroml6tol8 hoursfor
melteis, 13 to 15 hours tor blowers; but then one
party rests while the other works. Rye and potatoes
form the chief food of the laboring classes.
District of Goldberg.
On a farm a man sorvant rcccives $17 20 per year,
in addition to board, &c., which maybe estimated
at §13 20; a maid servant receives $14 40, besides
board.
Laborers in stone quarries earn from 24 to 43.2
cents per day; in cloth factories 1.3 to 2.3 cents per
hour, while the daily wages of carpenters are from
33.0 to 38.4 cents; masons, 33.G to 45.G cents; roof-
slators, 33.6 to 45.0.
Shoemakers and tailors reccivc from 9 to 10 cents,
besides their board and lodging, which is valued at
12 cents.
District of Lowenherg.
"Wages aic as follows: men,day-laborers, from 114
to liS.H cents per day; women 12 to 18 cents per day;
men, with board, 9.6 to 14.4 cents per day; women
with board, 7.2 to 12 cents per day. tfrom 10 to H
hours constitute a, day'slabor; more hours and hauler
work s-ecuro higher wages.
Male servauts per year, $14 40 to $36, and board;
female, per year, 88 57 to $21 60, and board.
Mr. Speaker, I do not want any of my
constituents at the mines and iron works to
be compelled to take their wives and girls to
help them because their own wages are not
sufficient to support them. I never want to
see the time come when labor ia this country
will be brought down to such prices as quoted
above, No, sir; I want no suck prices paid
for labor and work here in America. Can
any one here consent to degrade the working
classes of this country by compelling them to
compete with labor at prices stated in the
above extract ? I trust not. No wonder the
European manufacturers want u free trade"
in America.
If we desire to build up tho, country and
make tho laborer a respectable and useful citi-
zen he must be paid a fair equivalent for liia
work. As I said before, I want fair, honest
