1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5055
Ilo.y, Hill, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander II. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones, Kelley, Kellogg, ICelsey, Kerr,
Loughridge, Marshall, Mayhani, Mavnaril, MoCrary,
MeNeely, Jesse II. Moore, Daniel J. Moirell, Mor-
rissey, Mungen, Myers, Niblnck, O'Neill, Palmer,
Peek, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser,
Iteeves, Bice, Schuraaker, Seofield, Porter Sheldon,
Khober, Slocum, Joseph 8. Smith, William Smyth,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles, Strader, Swann, Tanner,
Tillman,Trimble, Upson, Voorhees. Wallace, Wells,
Wheeler, Willard, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans,
Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—86.
NOT VOTINU—JIessrs. Archer. Axtcll, Barry,
Beaman, liowcn, Burdetfc, Cake. William T. Olark,
Clinton L. Cobb, Conner. Covode. Cowles, Degener,
IJixon, Donley, Duval, Farnsworth, Pox, (Jarficld,
Gibson, Gilfillan, Ilaiglit, Ilaldeman, Hale, Hamble-
ton, Hamilton, Heflin, Iloge, Hotchkiss, IngersoII,
Ketcham, Logan, Lynch, Milnes, Morgan, Samuel
P. Morrill, Aegiey, Newsham, Perce, Piatt, Porter,
Putter, llidgway, Koots, ttant'ord, Schenck, Lionel
A. Sheldon, Sherrod, Starkweather, Strickland,
Strong, Sweeney, 'i'affe, Van Auken, Ward, William
B. Washburn, Wilkinson, and Witeher—38.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. LOUG-HRIDGE. I move to reconsider
the vote just taken.
Mr. DAWES. And outhat motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Simpsox,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
agreed to the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 947) for the
improvement of water communication between
the Mississippi river and Lake Michigan, by
the Wisconsin and Fox rivers.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the bill (H. R. No. 1467)
to construe certain acts therein cited in rela-
tion to pensions, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, a bill
(H. R. No. 2351) to change the time of hold-
ing the circuit and district courts of the United
States in the northern district of Ohio.
GltANT OF LANDS TO JOSE DOMINGUEZ
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, reported
back a bill (H. R. No. 2020) to repeal an act
entitled "An act to confirm the grant of cer-
tain lands to Jos6 Dominguez, in California,"
approved June 12, I860; which was recom-
mitted to the same committee, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 297) to constitute Omaha, in
the State of Nebraska, a port of entry; and
An act (S.1 No. 713) for the relief of pre-
emption settlers in the State of Nebraska.
commander j. ii. upshur.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Navy, transmitting copies of the pro-
ceedings of the naval court-martial in the case
of Commander J. II. Upshur, United States
Navy ; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Alfairs, and ordered to be printed.
AllUKST OF AMERICAN FISHING VESSELS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Jieioloed, That the President be requested to de-
mand oi the British Government under what pretense
of right, and under whose orders, American fishing
vessels ore arrested and detained ill tiieii voyages in
the straits of Canso on their way to the fishing
grounds by anncd vessels flying the British flag. i
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask that i
certain papers in connection with this resolu-
tion shall be printed in the Globe.
I here was no objection ; aud it was so ordered.
The papers are as follows :
Custom-house, Gloucester, June 29,1870.
Dear General: Please find inclosed letters just
received from masters of our fishing vessels in straits
oi Canso. You will observe that tftSy are dated
Pirate Cove, 11 small harbor in the straits of Canso,
through which these vessels wore passing on their
way to the bay of St. Lawrence, when they wejc in-
terfered with as stated. The masters of these vessels
are well known here; they are brothers, but masters
of two different^ vessels. Their statements can be
rehed on. It will be seen that these vessels were
simply on their way to the fishing grounds through
the usual highway, the straits of Canso, but had not
passed into the bay. These vessels had stopped as
usual for wood and water in the straits. These lei-
tors, it is almost needless to say, have created a just
alarm here, not to say indignation, because they are
thoroughly reliable. I have been requested to for-
ward them to you. I think they speak for them-
selves.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
F. J. 33ABSON, Collector.
Hon. B. P. Butler, Washington, D. O.
Pirate Cove, June 20,1870.
Dear Sir: I write you to say times are blue here.
There are five cutters in the bay. The commodore
catno yesterday and sent his boat on board ot us, and
tins morning he sent one of the sailing vessel's boats
to order us off. We were under way when he camc,
but Ben and Henry Hardy were aground and they
could not get off. lie went on board the Wildfire
with three boats' crews of about twenty-five men and
demanded $800. Henry Harding said he should go as
soon as she floated; and he came back to the Wiidfiro
again and he said wemight lie till two o'clock, which
was five hours more, and he started for the S. S. Day
again andcommenced taking offher mainsail. Haul-
ing neversaidaword.but Hartley called the commo-
dore and said it would be a serious affair, and trouble
would come out of it. He then stopped his men,
but he was very ugly, and said, "Damn them; he
would make some of them sweat."
_ GSORGE BEARSE.
Pirate Cove, June.
Dear Sir: It looks blue hero. There are three
cutters here and they mean work. Sunday the com-
modoie came here and sent a boat on board and
ordered us off. Wo said wo should go as soon as we
could get wood and water. Monday morning hesent
another boat on board. V re lay aground and he came
with three boats' crews and demanded S300, which I
told him I should not pay, for yesterday was Sitnday,
and I could not get work done. He said he did not
care.
Henry Hardy lay aground, and he said he had no
business to let hor got aground, and he commenced
taking her sails off till Hartley begged him not to.
We shall have to go without crew enough. George
started this? morning.
The cutters intend taking all the vessels they can
get hold of.
I remain, &c., BENJAMIN BEARSE.
" TnE Troubles at the Bay CoifiiEwcKDA letter
received in town yesterday from the master of one
of onr fishing vessels, dated at Pirate Cove, 20th in-
siant, states that there are fivecuttcrs in the bay.
The commodore camc the day before and sent his
boat on board of the vessels lying there. " The next
morning he sent one ot the sailing vessel's boats to
order us off. We were all under way but the Wild-
fire and S. S. Day, which were aground and could
not st/irt. The commodore then went on board of
the Wildlire with three boats' crews of twenty-five
men, and told (Japtam Bear&e ho should fine him $800.
Ho afterward gave him permission to lie until two
o'clock. The commodore then started for the S. S.
Day, andcommenced taking offher mainsail, to which
Captain Hardy said not a word. Mr. Hartley, of this
place, advised the commodore to desist, and he finally
took his men off; but ho was very ugly, and said he
would make some of them sweat.'"
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular
order.
FUNDING BILL.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called, the House resumes consideration
of the bill (H. H. No. 2167) to authorize the re-
funding and consolidation of the national debt,
and for other purposes. The pending question
isonthemotionofthe chairman ofthe Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, who reports the bill,
that all debate on the second section be closed
in ten minutes.
The question was put on the motion to close :
debate on the second section in ten minutes, |
and it was agreed to. 1
The Clerk read the second section, as fol- I
lows: |
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized to sell and dis-
pose of any of the bonds issued under this act at not
less than their par value for coin, and to apply the
proceeds thereof to the redemption of any of the
bonds ot the United States outstanding, and known
as five-twenty bonds, at their par value, or ho may
exchange the same for such five-twenty bonds, par
ior par; but the bonds hereby authorized shall bo
used for no other purpose whatsoever.
No further amendment being offered to this
section, the next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the pay-
mentof any of the bonds hereby authorized after the
expiration of the said term of thirty years shall bo
made in .amounts to bedetermincd from time to time
by the Secretary of the Treasury, at his discretion,
and by classes to be distinguished and described by
the dates and numbers, beginning for each success-
ive payment with the bonds last dated and num-
bered, of the time of which intended payment or
redemption the Secretary of the Treasury shall give
public notice, and the interest on the particular bonds
so selected at any time to be paid shall cease at the
expiration of three months from the date of such
notice.
No amendment being offered to this section,
the next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 4. Andbe It further enacted. That the Secretary
ofthe Tieasury is hereby authorized aad instructed,
with any coin in the Treasury of the United States
which iu his opinion and discretion can be conven-
iently applied to that purpose, to pay at par, and
cancel any six per cent, bonds of the United States
of the kind known as five-twenty bonds which have
become or shall hereafter become redeemable bythe
terms of thcii issue. But the particular bonds so to
bo paid and canceled shall in ail cases be indicated
and specified by class^date, and number, in the order
of their numbers and issue, beginning with the first
numbered and issued, in publicnotice to be given by
the Secretary ofthe Treasury, and in three months
after the date of such public notice the interest on
the bonds so selected and advertised to be paid shall
cease. But it shall be competentfortheholdovs and
owners of any of said bonds so specified for payment
to exchange the same for bonds issued under the
authority of this act.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to propose an
amendment to this section, which I send to the
des-k to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
In lines ten and elovon strike out tbe words "in
the order of their numbers and issue, beginning with
the first numbered and issued."
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee of Ways
and Means have considered it best to leave
entirely to the discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasury the selection of the bonds from
time to time that may be paid of these five-
twenty bonds, as he has means to be so ap-
plied. An objection to requiring him to pay
them in the order in which they are issued, is
that the sixty-twos are almost entirely now
held abroad, and it will be better that the Sec-
retary shall at his discretion select the bonds,
taking, perhaps, part of the sixty-twos, part
of the sixty-fives, part of the sixty-sevens,
so that the money to be paid out for their
redemption may, at least a goodly portion of
it, remain to be used in this country. For this
and for other reasons the committee prefer to
strike out those words of limitation and to
leave it entirely to the discretion of the Sec-
retary.
The question was put on Mr. Schekck's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the
words "coin in the Treasury of the United
States" where they occur in the third line,
and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
"United States notes in the Treasury of the
United States arising from the sale of bonds
authorized to be issued by this act, or other
such notes in the Treasury;" so that it will
read:
See. 4. And be it further enacted, That tho Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and in-
structed with any United States notes in tho Treas-
ury of tho United States arising from the sale of
bonds authorized to be issued by tins act, or other
such notes in theTreasury, which in his opinion and
discretion can be conveniently applied to that pur-
pose, to pay at par, and cancel any six per cent,
bonds of the United States of the kind known as five-
twenty bonds which have become or shall hero&fter
become redeemable by the terras of their issue,
Mr. Speaker, the pending section proposes
to pay off the five-twenty bonds due and to
become due in coin. The proposition that I
make is, that instead of paying off those bonds
as they become due in coin the Government
shall pay them in the same money- in which
