3M8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
order to-day I will not interpose now, but I
rise to give notice that to morrow at one o'clock
I shall ask the indulgence of the Senate to
proceed with the consideration of that appro*-
priation bill. I give this timely notice in the
Lope that the Senate will be able to-day, as 1
am sure they can it there is not tnuCh speaking,
to close np the residue of the Calendar.
soldiers' monument at newark.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will state the first business on the Calendar,
where the call was left off yesterday evening.
The Secretary read the tide of the first busi-
ness on the Calendar, which was the joint res-
olution (H. II. No. 222) granting condemned
guns for soldiers' monuments at Fairmount
cemetery, Newark, New Jersey.
The joint resolution was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It confers authority
on the Secretary of War to turn over to- the
managers of the Fairmount cemetery, at New-,
ark, New Jersey, six pieces of condemned iron
or .bronze guns on hand, unfit for Army pur-
poses, for ornamentation of the soldiers mon-
uments therein.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
readiug, read the third time, aud passed. ■
hinton uoWan helper.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
enter a motion to reconsider the vote on the
passage of the bill (S. No. 789) to authorize
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
t o settle and dose the accounts of Hinton Rowan
Helper, which was- passed yesterday. As I
understand, it is to enable a party to settle his
accounts where the fees of the Government
were wrongfully and illegally used.
Mr. SUMNER. Was the Senator present?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I was not;
but I understand there was no division on the
bill.
Mr. SUMNER, The Senator cannot make
the motion to reconsider unless he was present..
Air. FERRY. I will make the motion. J
was here. . I
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understand
it is a case where a party as consul had used
the fees of tlie office, and then comes here and
asks Congtesa to make what appears on its face
as a fraudulent transaction to be a 'air and legal
transaction. I think the precedent is wrong.
_ Mr. FERRY. I hope the motion to recon-
sider will be acted on now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. A*-
thoxy in the chair.) It is, moved that the
vote by which Senate bill No. 789 was passed
be reconsidered.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. \Y 1L.S0N. Let the bill take its place
6n the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be placed on the Calendar,
It having been ascertained that the bill had
been transmitted to the House of Representa-
tives. the House was, on motion of Mr. MOR-
RILL, of Vermont, requested to return it.
sisters ok mekct at'charleston.
The bill (H, R. No. 1696) for the relief of
the Sisters of Our Lady of Mercy of Charles-
ton, South Carolina, was reached in its order
on the Calendar.
Mr. FERRY. Let that bifl go over.
Mr. SUMNER. That is a charity.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope the Senator from
Connecticut will allow the bill to be consid- '
ered at this time. . I
Mr. FERRY. A Senator is absent who
should be present when that bill is considered.
He addrefsed the Senate on the bill when it
was np before, and I am very desirous that
he should be present again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bilj
will be passed over. j
I, i • ¥0111 LEAVENWORTH HB8BRVATI0S.
'The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 12) authorizing the
sale of a portion of the Fort Leavenworth mil-
itary reservation to the Kansas Agricultural
and Mechanical Association of Leavenworth
county, in the State of Kansas, for fair grounds;
which was read.
Mr. CAMERON. I think that had better
lie over. It is a very important matter.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
. from Pennsylvania objects to the further con-
sideration of this joint resolution.
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
Mr. POME ROY. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania is not aware that our State desires to
hold a fair; and this property is to be appraised
by officers appointed by the Secretary of War,
and whatever sum they report is proper is to
be paid.
Mr. CAMERON. I understand that.
I _ Mr. POMEROY. There is no charity about
I it.' Three Secretaries of War have recom-
' mended it. I hope the Senator will not object.
Mr. CAMERON. I think all the Secretaries
of War acted very wisely in ordering it to be
sold to the highest bidder. That is the most
valuable tract of country iu the whole State of
Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. But there are some six
to ten thousand acres in the tract, and this is
only authority to use one hundred and twenty-
eight and thirty hundredths acres.
Mr. CAMERON. I know all about that.
I have been there and seen it.
Mr. POMEROY. The county of Leaven-
worth has made an appropriation of money to
buy this for a fair ground for the society.
Mr. CAMERON. It would bring a very
large sum of money if put up to competition.
I do not know a more improving section of the
whole western country than that around Leav-
enworth. It is a large city already and im-
proving-,constantly,
Mr. POMEROY. But this cannot be used
for purposes of speculation by anybody. It
c&fiuot be sold, but can only be used for this
purpose. , !
Mr. CAMERON., If they car; buy it it will i
be a speculation for the society; and if they I
are willing to give the full price of it they S
would not be unwilling to come into competi- j
tion with others. !
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator desires to
amend the resolution by providing for selling !
the land at public auction, very well. j
Mr. CAMERON. Say "at public auction
to the, highest bidder." !
; Mr. POMEROY". I have no objection to
that.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the Senator withdraw
bis objection and have an amendment put in
that the land shall bp sold at public auction
instead of appraised by officers appointed by
the Secretary of War. The joint resolution now
provides that the Secretary of War shall appoin t
three appraisers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I doubt the propriety of
that amendment unless there is a minimum
price established. I think the result of that
would be that there would be a combination
aad understanding by which the property would
be bid off at public sale at a very small sum. !
It would be like the sale of public lands at
publifc auction, when an acre of land that is
worth five hundred dollars wi}l only sell for
$1 23. That is the experience at the land
sales all over the western country, Where
inaptoyements have been made and the landa
have become valuable no third party is per-
mitted to come in and run up the land ; it would
he as much as his life was worth.
Mr. POMEROY. It was to avoid that that
we put the provision into the resolution that
the Secretary of War should appraise the land.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think if it is to be sold
at public auction the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania ought to put in a minimum price below
which it should not be sold.
Mr. CAMERON. Perhaps the measure had :
bettor lie over until to-morrow, to enable us i
to prepare an amendment of this substance
that after the board shall have determined the
price the land shall be offered at public sale
! and not sold for a less sum than that.
1 Mr. TRUMBULL. That would do.
Mr. CORBEIT. I understand the resolu-
i tion provides for land being taken at the ap-
' praisement; but if it can be amended so as to
be sold at public auction to the highest bidder
at not less than the appraisal I see no objec-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. CAMERON. Let the joint resolution
lie over informally, until I prepare an amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution will be passed over informally.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that the
Clerk has an amendment now providing that
the land be sold at public auction for not less
than the appraised value.
Mr. SHERMAN. How much is to be sold?
Mr. POMEROY. One hundred and twenty-
eight aud thirty hundredths acres, for fair
j, grounds and agricultural purposes of the
society.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is very beautiful and
excellent land, and I think we ought not to
sell it.
Mr. POMEROY. This particular tract is
on the south corner; it is near the bluff, the
Senator recollects, and only a part level ground.
The Leavenworth County Agricultural Society
, take a great interest in it. All my interest iu
it is in accommodating that society and in the
public interest.
|j Mr. SHERMAN. This ia to be sold to a
! private society. I think the joint resolutiou
i ought to be passed over.
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
j passed over.
j Mr. SHERMAN. If it is sold to a county,
I State, or municipal corporation, so that it
;| cannot be alienated 
ij Mr. POMEROY. It is to be sold to a cor-
[ poration, and it is the county society.
I Mr. SHERMAN. It may be divided up
| into lots and sold.
, Mr. POMEROY. No; it is to be forever
S used for that purpose aud no other. If the
j Senator had read the bill he would have seen
: that was provided against.
1 Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be laid aside in-
formally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution will be passed over informally.
j. boss bkowne.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 692)'for the relief of J. Ross Browne,
late minister to China; which was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to J. Ross
Browne, late minister of the United States to
China, the sum of $3,715 30, in full compen-
sation for the period from the 11th of April to
the 3d of June, both inclusive, occupied in
awaiting instructions, and for certain, extra
expenses incurred by him while discharging his
duties as minister.
The Committee on Foreign Relations re-
ported the bill with an amendment, to strike
out after the word u China," in line six, the
following words:
The sum of $3,715 30, in full compensation for the
period from the 11th day of April to ttae 3d day of
Jane, bath inclusive, occupied in awaiting instrac-
tions, and for certain extra expenses incurred by him
while discharging bis duties as minister.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
The sum of $3,774 11, in full compensation for tho
period from the 11th day of April to the 4th day of
August, both inclusive, 1868. at the rate of his salary
while waiting for orders and in transit to China, and
the further sum of $2,134 in full compensation lor
certain extra expenses incurred by him while dis-
charging his duties as minister.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Letthereport
be read.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
