1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
venient season to adjust such laborious details
in the last weary hours of a long session of
Congress.
5. Some provision, also, must be made for
documents already in process of manufacture,
or such will not be completed, like the Con
gressional Globe, Patent Office report, &c.,
until after it is proposed to have this law go
into operation.-
6. The Agricultural Department was estab-
lished as a faint recognition of the most im-
portant interest of the country. Whatever
short-comings may have heretofore been ob-
vious, it is very clear that this Department
was never better or more economically man-
aged thau now. It has been sometimes ridi-
culed with stale wit, but not now, as furnishing
common varieties of flower seeds which never
germinate, and the slight efforts made to con-
tribute something to the culture and joy of the
door-yards of humble cottages may not always
have been successful; but its earnest work of
scouring all parts of the world for improved
varieties of seed for agricultural crops have
been rewarded with a fair share of success, and
are fully appreciated by all the intelligent
farmers of the country. These parcels of seeds
have been hitherto sent through the mails free
of expense. There is no other mode by which
they canrbe properly and widely distributed.
Cut off the franking privilege from the Agri-
cultural Department and its pulse will cease
to beat. It will be dead. The farmers of our
country ask for few favors, but they will not
submit to be entirely ignored and treated with
contempt. It will not do to abolish the Agri-
cultural Department under pretense of abol-
ishing the franking privilege. Senators must
stop the slaughtering bill of the House long
enough to ingraft a saving clause for that
interest which no one would venture to strike
at openly and directly.
I have thus indicated six points where the
House bill should be amended. These are by
no means all. There are others; for instance,
the correspondence of foreign Governments,
which now comes without charge, and in con-
sideration of which that of our own Government
is transmitted everywhere free abroad. We can-
not afford to cut adrift from this international
reciprocity.
The proper course, it seems to me, would be
to recommit the bill and allow its friends—and
I suppose it must have some friends willing to
lick it into shape—under the intelligent advice
of the Postmaster General, to prepare a more
complete and perfect bill, including such mod-
ifications as all must admit to be necessary, and
not send its fore parts into the world months
before its hinder parts are born ; otherwise it
may operate practically as awkwardly as would
a cross between a kangaroo and a giraffe. If
I may be permitted to borrow the thunder of
my friend, the Senator from Massachusetts,
I should Bay "It will not workl It will not
work I"
I have said about all that I care to say on the
present occasion, but a few words more maybe
pertinent to the general scope of the subject.
Let me give an extract or two from a report
of one of the moBt prodigal and extravagant
Postmaster Generals we ever had. I mean
William T. Barry. We may have something to
learn from even this Democratic Postmaster
General. He says:
" The Post Office Department has always sustained
itself without any expense to the Treasury. Besides
the conveniences which it extends to every section of
the Union, it furnishes the means to all the depart-
ments of the Government for transmitting its com-
munications to all parts of the conn try free of expense'
On its present basis it can be condacted securely.
" I have no hesitation in giving the opinion that
the establishment ought at all times and ander all
circumstances, to rest on its own resources, independ-
ent of the national Treasury."
That doctrine ought to be as current to-day
as in January, 1832.
The world is said to be ever more eager to
believe evil tales than good; and therefore I
regret that the Postmaater General, if he is to be 11
held responsible, should not have chosen to
couch the petitions which he desired to send
out for signatures and have returned to bear
on the action of Congress, in language less
likely to becloud its reputation for integrity.
There is no doubt they would have been signed
with equal alacrity, and would have proved
equally potent. He has been an honored mem-
ber of both branches of Congress, and while I
am sure that he was never guilty of any abuse
of the franking privilege, not even of petty
infidelities, I feel equally sure he would not
claim any greater purity for himself than he
would cheerfully accord to others. There may
have been a few counterfeit franks used, but
that the revenue is now or ever has been
seriously impaired by such petty frauds and
forgeries is a violent stretch of an unsound im-
agination. The letters even which are con-
stantly received by members of Congress with
the postage unnecessarily paid thereon beyond
doubt far exceeds in amount all the franks
improperly used.  
The wits of the press have sometimes fab-
ricated such vastly funny stories as that some
members of Congress were in the habit of
saving money by sending their clothes home
to be washed. I fear that members of Con-
gress are hardly entitled to credit for proper
economy, much less to be perfumed with a
ridiculous excess. One hundred years ago a
member from Old Sarum in the British Parlia-
ment might possibly have taken such a license;
but that any American ever did thus is a rol-
licking libel, never intended to be believed, and
no more entitled to be believed than the tales
of Baron Munchausen or the so-called gospel
of the Book of Mormon.
The Postmaster General exhibits commend-
able faith and energy in his purpose, and while
that purpose should not be marred by going
beyond what he asked for, it should be per-
fected. But it need not be assumed that unless
we work with indecent haste the House will
back out of its purpose and refuse to accept
of anything less bad than their own original
proposition.
The Post Office Department has not been a
self-supporting institution since the time of
General Taylor, when it was under the control
of the late Senator Collamer, then Postmaster
General. Except, perhaps, for ocean mail ser-
vice, in my judgment it should be made to be as
strictly self-supporting as is the Patent Office.
Why not ? It was never the idea of its founders
that it should be a charge on the Treasury. The
post office of Great Britain not only supports
itself, but also annually contributes a surplus
to the national revenue. When we depart
from the self-supporting theory we embark on
a shoreless and bottomless-sea. If we have
departed in practice, as we have most con-
spicuously, we should return at the earliest
possible moment. Let the mail service be
paid for by those who enjoy its facilities. These
are its proper metes and bounds. All beyond
is indefensible upon any sound principles of
economy. We must come back upon this solid
ground or confess that we are unequal to our
proper task. If it be said our mail routes have
largely increased, I answer, so have our Post
Office revenues. The cost of transportation
on many of our old mail routes of the country
has been been very much diminished and the
receipts of the post offices on these routes
within the last twenty yews has been frequently
doubled. Formerly Administrations were equal
to this duty, with a latitude of free matter equal
to the present, and did not ask to be propped up
by the abolition of the franking privilege. But
if the latter measure shall be conceded, as I
expect it will be, we shall have the right to
demand that the Post Office Department shall
no longer be a heavy load of expense. Its
deficiencies must eome to an end. When they
do, that fact will be proof of statesmanship
and entitle the Postmaster General to honor
and credit as one of the most efficient officers,
as I believe he is, that we have had in that
Department for many years. I hope he may
succeed.
I have heretofore given my opinion that
nothing will be saved to the Treasury by the
abrogation of the franking privilege. To save
anything,either the expenditures must be dimin-
ished or the receipts increased. That rail-
roads, or any other contractors for carrying
the mails, will abate anything in their demands
is not to be anticipated, nor is it to be expected
that any notable increase of revenue will follow.
During the session of Congress the receipts
of the Post Office here will be larger, but the
postage accounts paid by members, wherever
they may be, will do little toward lifting the
Post Office Department above its present heavy
deficiencies. The postages paid by other De-
partments, if they are to be paid, will perhaps
tend to conceal these deficiencies and encour-
age extravagance, but they will not benefit the
Treasury.
When the reform in relation to the printing
and distribution of documents shall have been
effected, and it shall be demonstrated that no
other material saving to the Treasury has been
accomplished, I shall then expect the so-called
"franking privilege" will be discussed upon
its true basis and very likely be restored. I
shall hold myself at liberty, if the facts should
support my anticipations, to vote, if I have a
vote to give, for its restoration two years hence;
perhaps sooner.
It is the privilege of the people, not the
privilege merely of members of Congress, to
communicate freely with their representatives.
It is one of the sources of reciprocal light and
knowledge, and cannot safely be abridged.
Political information is a necessity of our
people now more than ever. All parties are
interested in its widest dissemination. To
choke it off at its fountain-head would be a
folly which no republican or democratic gov-
ernment can long afford. It may be well enough
to try the experiment, as nothing less, per-
haps, will now satisfy the country that here is
not an abuse costing millions of dollars annu-
ally ; but if that should not be verified, and it
should appear that wo are making a sacrifice
in a direction more important than dollars—
holding as I do that this country must and
should be governed by intelligence, and not
ignorance, by brains, and not muscle—I shall
not then deem it inconsistent, whether petitions
drafted or volunteered flow in for the reversal
of some part of our action to-day or not, to
so vote that even the little light shining forth
from Congress shall not be entirely hid under
a bushel. The people are entitled to know
what we do here, and to know it at little cost.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The moruing
hour has expired, and the Mississippi bill is
before the Senate, and tbe Senator from Del-
aware is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the franking
privilege bill go over until to-morrow morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It goes over until
the Senate again resumes it by a vote.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. .
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
1097) making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the naval
Bervice for the year ending June 30,1870, and
for other purposes; asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Henry L. Dawes of
Massachusetts, Mr. John F. Benjamin of Mis-
souri, and Mr. Leonard Myers of Pennsyl-
vania, managers at the same on its part
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 782) making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the fiscal year endiDg June 30, 1871 j
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes ot
