2224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
wages. I do not want our industries brought
down to compete with European labor; I want
them kept up to the standard of American
labor, respected and honored. I not only want
our laboring classes to live, but I want theiQ
to be so paid for their labor that they may be
able to layby something, and like other classes
of citizens have their' own homes, built and
purchased by their own savings; and also be
able to educate their children, or at least allow
them to go to school that they may grow up
with intelligence and knowledge, and the la-
borers and their children be respected, and
thus make useful citizens aud members of the
community. And, sir, this can be brought
about only as we protect the industrial inter-
ests of the country and therehy protect the
laboring classes, aud keep them from being
brought in competition with European labor.
It is a mistaken idea many have that hy taking
off the duty on pig iron it would be imported
so much cheaper. The result would be the
iron-naasters in Europe would at once put up
the price and reap great profits at the expense
of our manufacturers and the workingmon of
America. They are already gloating and boast-
ing over the prospect of duty being taken off
of iron hero, and of the rich harvests they
would reap if it is done. Beware, gentlemen
of this House, what you do in this matter. I
hope, Mr. Speaker, the attempt to break
down tho iron interest will "not be successful,
and that tho present tariff or duty of $0 per
ton on pig iron will be retained; and I hope
the gentleman from Iowa will hasten to in-
form himself in regard to the cost of making
and the price of selling pig iron, and not allow
his statements to go forth to the country so
entirely uiisustaincd by the tacts, as they are
to be found in tho public prints and from other
sources.
Mr. WITCHEIl. Mr. Speaker, when 1 con-
template the rapid succession of great events
which have swept over the country during tho
last ten years I am astonished and bewildered.
In vain do I look for a parallel in tho history
of any other nation. Tho great American
people stand out boldly and alono, the cham-
pions of recuperative and progressive strength
among all the nations of tho earth. Wo have
passed during the last ten years from a condition
of neaco and financial prosperity unequalod
in the annals of Governments, through wide-
spread rebellion, incipient bankruptcy, within
ourselves, and armed menacing and intervening
neutrality onthe part of our national neighbors,
back again to tho point whore we now stand.
We to-day are onco more tho most powerful,
tho most wealthy, and tho froest people on the
face ol tho globe. No slave now lifts his
manacled hands beneath the shadow of tho
American flag and prays for freedom. No pre-
scriptive law regulates American citizenship
by an indistinguishable shade of color. Every
man, regardless of his religion, nationality, or
color, now lias the right by his intelligence,
morality, and honesty to win for himself tho
highest honors in the gift of tho people.
Wo may say with safety that the issues which
have been demanding the almost undivided
attention of the people's Representatives dur-
ing the last decade have finally settled down
into a condition of permanent and complacent
repose. ! will not say they are dead ; the issues
of human rights never die ; they will be con-
tinually coming up before us in various forms,
and it is upon one of the particular aspects of
our rights that I propose to address you to-day.
But, before proceeding to the discussion of the
subject immediately before me, I cannot resist
the inclination to call your attention to the
wonderful auspiciousness of tho present time
for the consideration of measures which, in the
presence of the all-absorbing interests which
have necessarily engrossed your attention dur-
ing the past few years, may appear of second-
ary importance.
The States lately in rebellion have been taken
up one by one, the blots and scars of insurrec-
tion have been carefully removed, a new polish
has been put upon their surface, and they have
been replaced among the jewels of States with
more than their original brilliancy. The fif-
teenth amendments by sweeping away that old
relic of feudalism and barbarism which claimed
that one class of men were born to rule and
another class to serve, has declared that all
men were created free and equal, and that all
men are entitled to and shall have equal rights
under the Constitution.
We are also fortunate in having at the head
of the executive department of Government
a man of practical common sense; a man who
can see things from the stand-point of an inter-
ested and identified oitizen ; a man who is not
befogged in the nomenclature of political dem-
agogism ; and who does not feel it an import-
antduty to cackle political clap-trap to every
committee of aspiring wire-pullers who see fit
to wait on him. When he entered upon the
discharge of his present duties he found an
immense debt hanging over the productions
of the country; an internal revenue law
reaching nearly every artiole of manufacture
and consumption. He found the machinery
for its collection corrupt in the extreme ;
immense taxes levied upon the people without
any diminution of the public debt, or redaction
in the price of gold. To as great an extent as
possible he has corrected these abuses; is
gradually reducing the sum of the public debt,
and has reduced tho price of gold from 40 to
10 per cent. Do we value tho importance of
this reduction? Do we understand that by
thus increasing the value of our national cur-
rency wo aro really paying thirty cents on a
dollar of our national indebtedness V The
amount paid in this way, by tho efforts of the
present Administration, amounts to the enorm-
ous sum of $000,000,000.
In view of the present comparatively happy
condition of things, I repeat that I consider
the present very opportune for the considera-
tion of those measures of public policy affecting
tho domestic rights and interests of the citizen
as an individual. As great and powerful as I
am proud to consider my native country, I am
still conscious that she is in her youth, I might
almost say her infancy; many of her interests
have not that sturdy and established character
that the advantage of age has given to the same
interests in other countries. They demand our
fostering care. These interests are laboring
under disadvantages in their struggle to ma-
turity which were never experienced by the
same interests in older countries. While for-
eign countries were perfecting their mining and
manufacturing enterprises they were masters
of the market; they had no competition from
old, perfected, and established operators; their
products conld always be sold with a margin
of profit over the cost of production, as none
could mine or manufacture cheaper than them-
selves. But with many of our interests the
case is different. Wo are endeavoring to plant
aud cultivate a productive industry, that must
necessarily remain for some years in an unper-
fecled and infantile condition. It would be
absurd to suppose that while from youth aud
inexperience many branches of our home in-
dustry are crippled in productiveness we could
successfully compete without protection with
the old-established operators of Europe.
In Europe long experience has enabled
them to reduce their cost of production to the
minimum figure; this minimum can never be
reached by any theoretical teaching; it can
only be reached by long years of practical
experience; and it is pending the acquisition
of this knowledge that T ask a continuation of
the protection which the Government, in its
wisdom, has seen proper to throw around cer-
tain productions of our country up to this
time; and which the bill now under consider-
ation, as reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means, proposes to continue; and which
opponents of protection claim is maintained at
the expense of the other leading interests of
tho country, especially at a sacrifice of the
farmer, merchant, and laborer. They also
charge that the Government does not receive
this d'uty, but that it goes into the pockets of
the manufacturer, and that it makes the rich
richer, and the poor poorer. And that in pro-
tecting the mining and manufacturing interests
by a tariff on foreign importations, we are
enhancing the price of the article, and in real-
ity imposing a tax upon our own consumers.
This would be undoubtedly true if there was
but one class of people in our country; if
our people were all farmers it would be in-
judicious to impose a t|riff on manufactured
articles. Yet even in this impossible case, the
absence of the tariff would not make the arti-
cles cheaper to us.
By abolishing the tariff or protection we have
thrown around our mining and manufacturing
industry, the consequcnce would be that as our
peoplo aro unwilling to work at the starvation
prices which enables European manufacturers
to sell their articles cheap, the whole indus-
trial population of our country would engage in
the more profitable department of agriculture.
Now, what would he the consequence of this?
There are about 13,000,000 persons engaged in
active industry in the United States; 6,500,000
of those people are engaged in agriculture; the
other 6,500,000 are mechanics, manufacturers,
domestics, and laborers. None of these laborers
are classed in agricultural pursuits. As the
case now stands this 6,500,000 of manufacturers
and miners are customers of the agricultu-
rists, without competing with them in the pro-
duction; in fact they are the market for the
products of tho farm. These very people, en-
gaged in manufacturing and mining pursuits,
make farming what it is in this country, a sure
and steady road to wealth.
But as I stated, suppose these 0,000,000, by
want of protection to their present industry,
were driven into agricultural labor ; the con-
sequence would be that the market for farm
products would almost cease to exist in this
country. Farmers would thus have to com-
pete with the cheap farm-labor of Europe,
with the further deduction of the cost of trans-
portation. The products of our farms would
glut every market in Europe. The principle
of supply and demand regulates every article
of traffic; where the demand decreases, prices
fall, and many kinds of agricultural products
which now command a handsome profit would
sink into almost worthlessness, as is sometimes
the case in tho grain-growing regions of the
West. There would be a less number of acres
cultivated in proportion to the number of per-
sons engaged. With but little inducement to
labor, farms would become neglected, agricul-
tural implements would soon degenerate, and
our country would gradually sink into sloth
and poverty.
In referring to Mr. Wells's report in advo-
cacy of a free-trade system, wo find our agri-
cultural products for the year 1869 amounted to
the enormous sum of $3,282,950,000. Of this
$275,000,000, or about 8 per cent., was shipped
to Europe, omitting cotton and tobacco; these
two articles may bo considered necessities, as
not being furnished by any other countries in
sufficient quantities, and for which we receive
no return of trade. This would bo reducing
our agricultural products consumed abroad to
about 2} per cent, which amount, small as it
is, after being transported to London and other
European markets, has to compete with some
of the best grain-growing countries in the
world ; and with farmors who have a decided
advantage over American agriculturists, in a
convenient market and cheap labor, and com-
pel us to sell at their prices, which are as
cheap or cheaper than like products sell for
in our own markets, to say nothing of the
additional cost of transportation.
Mr. Wells thinks it would take a long time
to change the relations of supply and demand
for our products in our own country; but it is
evident that the changes which are constantly
