1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3169
roitted by Mr. Sumner from the Committee on
Foreign Relations on the 26th of April last:
The Committee oil Foreign Relations, to whom
was recommitted Senate bill No. 692, for theireliei
nf J. Ross Browne, late minister of the United States
to China, have had the same under consideration,
and Vies leave to report: T . _
T Ross Browne, late minister of the United States
to China, in petition claims compensation for the
Period between April U and August 4.1868. both in-
>. • . ti'mAlioliAlH Insrnmmission and
that in any respect. One item of $1,000,
which Mr. Browne claimed, the committee
did not feel authorized to allow. Indeed, I
personally told Mr. Browne that I did not
think it had the sanction of any usage. That
was an item of $1,000. But the other items
of expense, considering the place where he
was, China, and its somewhat abnormal con-
dition, the committee felt authorized to allow,
elusive,during which time he held his commission and t , ,, ,
norformed actual services for the Government, and ! > especially as they acted on the recommenda-
1VMrtrft. O.xnp.TiSeS inCUrrCMl DV II r xV_ r\  4. ~C
a farther sum for certain extra expenses incurred by
him in the discharge of his duties as minister.
On reference to the Department of fctate a reply,
under date of 12th of March, 1870, was received,
iwommending allowance of compensation to Mr,
' ' ill _.i.. ao ln«« -fsvit t hA <\at>iAn IrAnl
tion of the Department of State. The com-
mittee and the Department both concurred.
Under the circumstances, therefore, I hope
my friend will not interpose his objection to
presented in his petition, namely:
Office rent, nine months, $50 per month   $450
Clerk hire for same period, at $100 per month... 000
Gate-keeper for same period, S5 per mouth  45
Keeping express horse for same period, 15 per
month   
Expenses incurred in visiting treaty ports  o(JJ
Total &1.940
A«item of $1,009 for" cost of passage to and from
Peking in excess of expense incurred by ministers
to any other Power" was disallowed by the coin-
In accordance witli the recommendation of the
Department of State a bill was reported provid-
ing for the payment to Mr. Browne ot the sum of
$1,775 30 salary as above, and the further sum of
|l/j-10 for the other items specified, being in all the
amount of $3,715 30. . . .
The Department recognized Mr. Browne 8 title to
salary from June 4 to August 4,186S, both inclusive,
under the existing law. The Comptroller of the
Treasury, in a communication to the Secretary of
State, under date of April 23,1870, stated that he did
not think himself authorized under the existing
law to allow for this period, but adding that ho
thought the allowance equitable.
The Department of State, under date of April 23,
1870, in a communication to the committee, has
recommended that in addition to the provision for
Mr. Browne, suggested by the Department in its let-
terof Aprill2, 1870. allowance be made for transit
expenses at the rate of his salary from June 4,18G8,
to August 4.1S6S, both inclusive, being the sum of
11,998 81; thus covering the period for which, acoord-
,inc to the Comptroller, an allowance would be equi-
table.
The committee accordingly report an amendment
to the above-mentioned bill, allowing Mr. Browno
$3,774 11 as salary from April 11 to August 4,1868,
and SI,940 for the extra expenses set forth above,
with the addition of ten per cent., or $194, for ex-
change.
Mr. CAMERON. I believe I was not pres-
ent in the Committee on Foreign Relations
when this bill was acted upon. If I had been
I think I should have objected to these allow-
ances. To my mind they are extraordinary
and entirely unusual, and I think also improper.
It is unusual that a minister should be paid for
the time between his appointment and the time
he reaches his place of destination. I believe
he is ordinarily allowed $1,000 and nothing
more. This gentleman is allowed over seven-
teen hundred dollars for that purpose. Again,
he is to be paid office rent during the time he
was here and before he entered on his duties,
as I understand the bill. Besides that he is to
be paid for his expenses while there. In my
short service abroad I was not allowed any
expenses of a persoual nature. I remember I
bought a copy of Webster's Dictionary for the
use of the office, and the amount was disal-
lowed in my bills, and I made a present of it
to a gentleman who has charge of one of the
offices there. I think that Mr. Browne should
be allowed his salary for the time he was actu-
ally employed and nntil he returned home, giv-
ing him, say, $1,000 for his expenses in going
out. That is all that has been usual in other
cases. y.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend was not preiear
at the meeting of the committee? \
Mr. CAMERON. No, I was not present. \
Mr. SUMNER. The case was before the
committee more than once, and it was the
subject of correspondence between the com-
roittee and the Department of State. Two
letters were received from the Department on
questions raised in the case, and the report
of the committee is in conformity with what
is represented by the Department to be the
" The committee has not transcended
41st Cong*. 2d Sess.—No. 199.
hope the Senator from '
Pennsylvania will allow the Senate to take
! action on this bill in some form. Mr. Browne
became very much embarrassed inconsequence
of his early removal from office in China, and
i in a pecuniary point of view has been ruined.
His property has been mortgaged, and there
is great necessity that he should have whatever
j relief Congress is disposed to give him. If
| there are any particular features in this bill to
h which the Senator or the Senate cannot con- ;
i sent, let those objections be considered; but
| if Mr. Browne is to have any relief at all from
i i Congress, that relief ought to be granted at an
early day; otherwise it will be of very little
value to him. I am very sure that under all
the circumstances this allowance is not a very
liberal one to him. He was detained here by
the request of the Secretary of State, in order
to confer with Mr. Burlingame, who was ex-
pected, and all his business arrangements were j
deranged, in consequence of these orders or
requests from the Secretary of State; other-
wise he would have gone much earlier to hia
post.
Mr. CAMERON. After the explanation of
the chairman of the committee and the^state-
ment of the Senator from Oregon, that this gen-
tleman was detained here by the Department,
of course I shall make no further opposition.
I withdraw my objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I would add onethingfur-
ther, which appears in the report, that the
largest item in this allowance has the consent
of the Comptroller of the Treasuary. The State
Department supposed it would be paid without
an act of Congress; but the Comptroller, while
recognizing its intrinsic equity, said that he did
not feel authorized to allow it without an act
Congress.
Mr. COLE. I do hope that the Senator from
Pennsylvania will not interpose any objection
to the speedy consideration of this bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I have withdrawn my
objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 475) to further regulate the public
printing, and to discontinue the publication
of books by the General Government for pop-
ular distribution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) This bill will be passed over.
reduction of tqe army.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 987) to reduce the number of offi-
cers in the Army of the United States, and for
other purposes.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the bill will be read,
and I should be very glad to have it acted on
to-day. At any rate, I hope it will be read, and
one or two amendments made to it.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read.
Mr. THAYER. I hope it will be read and
passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Com-
mittee on Military A£fairs report the bill with
an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
The Secretary will read the amendment re-
ported by the committee.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert in lieu of the original House bill
the following:
That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed, on or before tbo 1st day of July, 1S71.
to reduce the number of enlisted men in the Army lo
twenty-five thousand, and therealter there shall l>o
no more than twenty-five thousand enlisted men in
the Army at any one thn^- unless otherwise author-
ized by law.
Sec. 2. And be it further enactcd. That the President
be, and he is hereby, authorized, at his discretion,
honorably to discharge from thescrviceof theUiiiteil
States, officers of the Army who may apply therefor,
on or before the 1st of October; and such officers
so discharged under the provisions of this act shall
bo entitled to receive, in addition to the pay and
allowances due them at the date of their discharge,
as follows: officers who have served more than ten
years, two years' pay and allowances; officers who
have served more than five years and less than ten
years, one and one-half year's pay and allowances ;
officers who bavo served less than five years, one
year's pay and allowances.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, ThatthePresident
be, and ho is hereby, authorized, at his discretion, to
place on the retired list of the Army, on their own
application, any commissioned officers who have
been thirty years in the service; and the officers who
may be retired by virtue of this section shall be
entitled to thesamo pay and emoluments as are now
allowed or may hereafter bo allowed to officers retired
froui active service.
Sec. 4. A be it further enacted. That the proviso
of the sixteenth section of the act approved August
3,1861, limiting the number of officers on the retired
1 list to seven per cent, of the whole number of exist-
ing officers, be. and the same is hereby, repealed; and
hereafter the number of officers who may bo retired
in accordance with existing laws shall be in the dis-
j cretion of the President: Provided, That the whole
j number on the retired list shall at no time exceed
' three hundred. , , , _
Sec. 5. And be tt further enacted. That the offices
of General and Lieutenant General of the Army shall
continue until a vacancy shall occur in the same, and
no longer; and when such vacancy shall occur in
either of said offices, immediately thereupon all laws
and parts of laws creating said office shall become
inoperative, and shall, by virtue of this act, from
thenceforward be construed as repealed.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That no appoint-
ment to the grade of major general shall be made
until the number of officers of this grade is reduced
to three; after which appointments to this grade shall
be made in the manner now provided for by law.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That no appoint-
ment to the grade of brigadier general shall be made
until tho number of officers of this grade is reduced
to six; after which appointments to this grade shall
be made in the manner now provided for by law.
Sbc. 8. And be it further enacted. That whenever a
vacancy shall occur in tho offices of Adjutant Gen-
eral, Quartermaster General, Commissary General
of Subsistence, Chief of Ordnance, Chief of Engineers,
Paymaster General, Surgeon General, and Judge
Advocate General, such vacancy shall be filled by
the appointment, according to existing laws, of an
officer who shall have the rank and pay of a colonel.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That the grade of
regimental commissary in the several cavalry regi-
ments is hereby abolished; and the lieutenants now
holding the appointments of regimental commissary
may bo assigned for duty to companies of their regi-
ments, and shall fill the first vacancies that may occur
in their respective grades of first or second lieutenant
in tlie regiments to which they now belong; and
nothing herein contained shall affect their relative
rank with other lieutenants of their grade.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That the grades
of regimental commissary sergeant and regimental
hospital steward are hereby abolished. Thenumber
of corporals in each company of cavalry, artillery,
and infantry, shall be reduced to four, and the said
non-commissioned officers shall have the privilege
of receiving an honorable discharge, with full pay
and allowances to the actual date thereof, if they
shall so elect, in preference to remaining in the ser-
vice in such other grades as may bo assigned to them
by the Secretary of War.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the General
of the Army, commanding officers of the several
military departments, and chiefs of the several staff
departraentsof the Army shall, as soon as practicable
after the passage of this act. forward to the Secretary
of War a list of offioers serving in their respective
commands deemed by them unfit for the proper dis-
charge of their duties, setting forth specifically in
each case the cause of such unfitness. The Secretary
of War is hereby authorized and directed to consti-
tute a board, to consist of one major general, one
brigadier general, and three colonels, three of said
officers to be selected from among those appointed to
the regular Army on account of distinguished ser-
vices in the volunteer force during the late war; and
on recommendation of such board tho President may
wholly retire any of the said officers so reported with
one year's pay.
Ssc. 12. And bt it further enacted, That all vacan-
cies now existing, or which may hereafter occur, m
the cavalry, artillery, or infantry, shall be filled by
