1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1281
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. James B. Beck of Kentucky, Mr. Robert
C. Sche-yck of Ohio, and Mr. EbonC. Inger-
son. of Illinois, managers at the same on its
part.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
a message from the President of the United
States, by -Mr. Horace Pouter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the bill (S. No. 435) for
the relief of the poor and destitute people in
the District of Columbia.
naval deficiency biijl.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1097) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 80, 1870, and for other pur-
poses. disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives; and
On motion of Mr. MORIIILL, of Maine, it
was
llemhed, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the suul bill disagreed to by the House of
Bcpresentntives. trad a«rree to the conference asked
h- the llouso on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ortlered, That the conferee? on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Mokrill of Maine, Mr. Cragin, and Mr. Cas-
sehly conferees on the part of the Senate.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. II. No. 782) making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the fiscal year euding June 30,
1871, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives ; and
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Wilson, Mr. ScnuRZ, and Mr. Stocktox the
committee of conference on the part of the
Senate.
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1096) to admit the State of Mississippi to
representation in the Congress of the United
States, the pending question being on the
amendment reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, when the
Senate went into executive session yesterday
I desired to occupy their attention for a short
time before the vote was taken upon the amend-
ment of the Judiciary Committee striking out
the preamble and the conditions attached to
the House bill to admit the State of Mississippi
to representation in the Congress of the United
States.
The very title of this act exhibits the anom-
alous condition to which civil war and conse-
quent revolution have brought the minds of
congressional legislators. Here by the very
preamble of this bill you admit the existence
of Mississippi as a State in the Union; you
recite her performance of the gravest act which
a State can be called upon to perform, to wit,
the ratification of amendments in the funda-
mental law of the land, and yet you continue
alter that to declare that her right to repre-
sentation is to be decided by the passage of an
tt 90nSress' This, too, in the Senate of
the United States, with the plain words of the
Constitution confronting your eyes, that—
w* §tate without its consent shall be deprived of
e<lual suffrage in the Senate."
Furthermore, you must face this further
anomaly, that the result of your proposition,
" true, is that membership in this body and
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 81.
the qualifications of its members will depend,
not upon the Senate as the sole judges under
the Constitution, but are contingent upon the
vote of the House of Representatives.
Such, sir, I consider the legislative anom-
alies created by there volution which has ac-
companied the civil war. In the former his-
tory of this country permission for a State to
be represented in the Senate would have been
thought justly "wasteful and ridiculous ex-
cess;" as much so as to authorize the people
of that State to breathe the free air of heaven.
But we have fallen upon strange times; and
one may now well cease to be surprised. For
this proposition .of the Judiciary Committee I
shall gladly vote, as giving my assent to a sim-
ple truism, that a State is entitled to her just
representation. But as it is doubtful whether
the fundamental conditions, as they are called,
which were attached to the House bill will be
insisted upon, I wish to say a few words in
relation to them.
These same conditions were prescribed for
the State of Virginia by a very close vote in
this body, a vote so close as to render it, in my
opinion, very doubtful whether, if a full Senate
had been present, those amendments would
have received the assent of this body. I did
not at that time state the reasons why I should
vote against the admission of Virginia, so
mutilated of her rights as she was, and so de-
graded by the imposition of perpetual fund-
amental conditions as to destroy her rightful
equality in the sisterhood of States.
But, sir, under what provision of the Fed-
eral Constitution do those who favor these fund-
amental conditions propose to act? Under
the fourth section of the fourth article we find
the language which is relied upon as giving
that power:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion," <&c.
The honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] has claimed for Congress the power
to define to their own satisfaction what con-
stitutes a republican form of government, and
to force any State, whether on the threshold
of admission or fully within the Union, to
conform her internal regulations to just such
standard as Congress may prescribe. The
honorable Senator declares, in reply to my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,] that that
which was a republican form of government in
1787 is not such in 1870; that the lapse of time,
the changes in the condition of the country,
have destroyed the definition and signification
of these words, which are older than the lan-
guage in which we speak.
There have been propositions of that dis-
tinguished Senator which have filled me with
alarm. I could wish I thought it unnecessary;
but I ask the attention of the Senate before
they assent to any such meaning as is sought to
be given to the language of the Constitution, or
any such doctrine is for an instant allowed as
that Senator contends for.
Now, first as to the rule for the interpret-
ation of language, whether applied to constitu-
tions, laws, or the contracts of individuals. The
contemporaneous language used at the time of
its creation is that usually and reasonably relied
upon in case of any ambiguity or obscurity of
meaning. Then, let us see what the framers
of the Federal Constitution meant by the word
" republican." Mr. Madison has given various
illustrations of his understanding of the mean-
ing of that word, and certainly we have no
higher, no more accepted authority than he;
for it may be doubted whether, but for the
elucidations, arguments, and advocacy con-
tained in that series of unrivaled essays on the
Federal Constitution from which I will no«v
read—the Federalist—that Constitution would
ever have been accepted by even nine States
of the original thirteen as their charter of
Government, and therefore never would have
had existence as law in this country.
Let me give some of its definitions on that
subject. The first is in No. 10 of the Fed-
eralist :
"A republic, by which I mean a government in
which the scheme of representation takes place,
opens a different prospect, and promises the cure for
which wo are seeking. Let us examino the points in
which it varies from pure democracy, and we shall
comprehend both the nature of the cure and the
efficacy which it must, derive from the Union.
"The two great points of difference between a
democracy and a republic are, first, the delegation
of the government in the latter to a small number
of citizens elected by the rest; secondly, the greater
number of citizens and greater sphere of country
over which the latter may be extended."
In No. 39 he proceeds to answer the very
question asked to-day by the Senator from
Indiana :
"What, then, are the distinctive characters of the
republican form? Were an answer to this question
to be sought, not by recurring to principles, but in
the application of the term by political writers to
the constitutions of different States, no satisfactory
one would over be found."
And then he proceeds to illustrate those
Governments of Europe which were styled
republican, but which were not considered
so according to the standard of American
authority of that date. He further declares
that—
" It is essential to such a government that it be
derived from the great body of the society, not from
an inconsiderably proportion or a favored class of
it; otherwise, a handful of tyrannical nobles, exer-
cising their oppressions by a delegation of their
powers, might aspire to the rank of republicans and
claim tor their government the honorablo title of
republic. It is sufficient for such a government
that the persons administering it be appointed either
directly or indirectly by the people, and that they
hold their appointments by either of the tenures just
specified"—
That is, for a term of years or during good
behavior—
" otherwise, every government in the United States,
as well as every other popular government that has
been or can be well organized or well executed,
would be degraded from the republican character."
Again, in No. 43, this very article of the Con-
stitution is considered, guarantying to every
State in the Union a republican form of gov-
ernment :
"In a confederacy founded on republican princi-
ples, and composed of republican members, the su-
perintending government ought clearly to possess
authority to defend the system against aristocratical
or monarchical innovations. The more intimate the
nature of such a union may bo the greater interest
havo the members in the political institutions of
each other, and the greater right to insist that the
forms of government under which the compact was
entered into should be substantially maintained."
! :j: % ft * * * $ * 4 * *
"As long, therefore, as the existing republican
i forms are continued by the States they are guaran-
!| tied by the Federal Constitution."
Pray, sir, of what States and what people
; was he speaking? At that time he spoke of
1 the existing republican forms as continued by
i, the States. Further:
|! "As long, therefore, as the existing republican
forms are continued by the States they are guaran-
tied by the Federal Constifution. Whenever tho
States may choose to substitute other republican
forms, they have a right to do so and to claim the
Federal guaranteeforthelatter. Thoonly restriction
imposed on them is that they shall not exchange
republican for anti-republican constitutions; a re-
striction which, it is presumed, will hardly be con-
sidered as a grievance."
Then, sir, if the Congress ofthe United States
or a majority of that Congress chose to invade
the existing government of a State under the
pretens^ that it was not republican according
1 to their new-fangled ideas of republicanism,
that State would have a right to come here or
1 to go to a coordinate branch of the Govern-
ment, the judicial authority, and demand that
they should be guarantied in the inviolate pos-
; gession of the rights they had when they entered
: the Federal Union.
Sir, 1 am tempted to these remarks more
strongly by the fact that we have had roving
commissions issued under some unknown power
of Congress passing through the different States,
and among others through the State which I
; have the honor in part to represent, to know
whether we had in Delaware a republican form
I of government—Delaware, that was a repub-
