268
APPENDIX TO .TH& CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 1,
Ho. op Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Garfield.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. GARFIELD,
Off OHIO,
In the House op Representatives,
April 1, 1870.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole,
and having under consideration the bill (H. K,. No.
1068) to amend existing laws relating to the duty on
imports, and for other purposes-
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, said:
Mr. Chairman : You will doubtless agree
with me that any man deserves the sympathy
of this House who rises to add one more to the
forty-two speeches which have already been
made on this subject, and to fill the two hundred
and first column of the Daily Globe with his
suggestions; but I congratulate the House we
are so near the end of this general debate and
the beginning of the bill.
The debate has been able and searching. I
have listened carefully to the various and con-
flicting views, and have tried to consider them
impartially. An unusual amount of valuable
information has been communicated to the
House, but I am compelled to say that much
of the argument has had reference to abstract
theories rather than to the practical issues
involved in the bill.
The great Coleridge once said that abstract
definitions had done more injury to the human
race than war, famine, and pestilence com-
bined ; and I am not sure that a philosophical
history of the struggles and difficulties through
which the civilized world has passed would not
prove the truth of his observation. I trust no
such disasters are likely to result from this
discussion, and yet I think we are approach-
ing the verge of a great danger from a similar
cause. The most acrimonious utterances we
have heard in these forty-two speeches were
made concerning the abstract ideas of free trade
and protection ; and I fully agree with my col-
league [Mr. Schenck] in his declaration that
a largo part of the debate has not applied to
the bill, but to abstractions.
There is no doubt a real and substantial
difference of opinion among those who have
debated this subject; a difference which dis-
closes itself in almost every practical proposi-
tion contained in the bill; but I am convinced
that the terms used and the theories advocated
do not to any considerable extent represent
practical issues. There are, indeed, two points
of the greatest importance involved in this bill
and in all bills relating to taxes. Ono is the
necessity of providing revenue for the Govern-
ment, and theotheris the necessities and wants
of American industry. These are not abstrac-
tions, but present imperative realities. As an
abstract theory of political economy free trade
has many advocates and much can be said in
itsfavor; nor will it be denied that the scholar-
ship of modern times is largely on that side;
that a large majority of the great thinkers of
the present day are leading in the direction of
what is called free trade.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman s ays no man
will deny that the tendency of opinion among
scholars is toward free trade. I beg leave to
deny it, and do most positively. The tendency
of opinion among the scholars of the continent
is very decidedly toward protection. This is
strikingly illustrated by the recent publication
in six of the languages of the continent of the
voluminous writings of Henry C. Carey, and
their adoption as text-books in the schools of
Prussia. I think the gentleman's proposition
is true of the English-speaking people of the
world, but that the preponderant tendency is
the other way.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. With thequali-
fication which the gentleman makes, we do not
greatly differ. Take the English-speaking peo-
ple out of the world, and civilization has lost
at least half its strength., I detract nothing
from the great ability and the acknowledged
fame of Sir. Carey when I say that on this
subject .he represents a minority among the
financial writers of our day. I am trying to
state as fairly as I can the present condition
of the question; and in doing so, I affirm that
the tendency of modern thought is toward free
trade. While this is true, it is equally un-
deniable that the principle of protection has
always been recognized and adopted in some
form or another by all nations, and is to-day
to a greater or less extent the policy of every
civilized Government.
In order to exhibit the relation of these
opposing doctrines to each other, I invite the
attention of the committee to a brief review of
the history of protection in the United States.
Our industry, like our liberty, has come up to
its present strength through a long and desper-
atestruggle. We learned our industriallessons
under a severe master. England taught us,
not by precept alone, but by the severest and
sternest examples. The history of our pupil-
age is full of interest, for it gave birth both
to our Government and our industry. The
economic doctrines known as the Mercantile
System, which prevailed throughout Europe
during the seventeenth and eighteenth centu-
ries, gave shane and character to the colonial
policy of all European Governments for tv/o
hundred years. It is a mistake to suppose that
in planting colonies in the New World the na-
tions of Europe were moved mainly by a philan-
thropic impulse to extend the area of liberty
and civilization. Colonies were planted for
the purpose of raising up customers for home
trade. It was a matter of business and spec-
ulation, carried on by joint stock companies
for the benefit of corporations. The proof of
this may be seen in many pages of Bancroft
and the historians of the period.
While our Revolution was in progress Adam
Smith, when discussing and condemning the
colonial system, declared that "England had
founded an empire in the New World for the
sole purpose of raising up customers for her
trade."
When the colonies had increased in numbers
and wealth, the purpose of the mother country
was disclosed in the legislation and regulations
by which the colonies were governed.
The British Navigation laws, beginning in 1660
and extending onward in a series of twenty-nine
separate acts, each forming a round in the lad-
der which reached from the depths of colonial
servitude to Bunker Hill and American inde-
pendence, form no incomplete synopsis of the
causes of our Revolution. The act of 1660
provided that no article of colonial produce or
of British manufacture should be carried in
any but British ships, and that all the officers
and two thirds of the crews engaged in their
carrying trade should be British sailors. The
act also enumerated a long list of raw materials
produced in the colonies, and declared that
none should be shipped to any but British
ports.
It provided that the colonies should be
allowed to purchase in British markets alone,
any manufactured article which England had
to sell. In short, the colonist was compelled
to trade with England on her own terms ; and,
whether buying or selling, the product must be
carried only in British bottoms at the carrier's
own price. In addition to this a revenue tax
of 5 per cent, was imposed on all colonial ex-
ports and imports.
A recent writer, in reviewing this period of
our history, has said:
''Henceforth the colonies were to work for Eng-
land; to grow strong, that they might add to her
strength; to grow rich, that they might aid her in
heaping up riches; butnotto growcither in strength
or wealth except by the means and in the direction
that she prescribed."
It'
! in this spirit and in pursuance of this
policy, that a royal order of 1696 permanently
intrusted to the commissioners of the Board of
Trade the management of the colonies, which
were regarded only as a part of the interests of
commerce. But the vigilant " nation of shop-
keepers" were not content with watching and
controlling the shipping and trade of American
ports. Our cherishing mother laid her heavy
hand on all the domestic industry ofthe colonies.
Colonial governors were directed to discourage
all American attempts at manufacturing any
article which England could furnish, in re-
sponseto such an order, Governor Spottswood,
of Virginia, wrote to the king this apology :
" The people of Virginia, more of noccssity than
of inclination, attempt to clothe themselves with
their own manufactures." * * "It is cer-
tainly necessary to divert their application to some
commodity less prejudicial to tne trade of Eng-
land."—Bancroft, vol.4, p. 104.
In 1701 a Government agent was sent to ex-
amine and report whether the conquest of
Canada from the French would be profitable
to England. His advice to the king was in
these words:
" The English need not fear to conquer Canada.
"Where the cold is so extreme and the snow lies so
long on the ground sheep will never thrive so as to
make the woolen manufacture possible, which is the
only thing that can make a plantation unprofitable
to the Crown."
But reports and recommendations were not
sufficient to prevent the colonists, especially
of New England, from the attempt to clothe
themselves. The power of Parliament was
therefore invoiced, and in the tenth year of
William and Mary an act was passed which
declared in its-preamble that "colonial in-
dustry will inevitably sink the value of lands
in England." The nineteenth section is so
remarkable that I will quote it entire :
"After the 1st day of December, 1699, no wool or
manufactures made or mixed with wool, being the
product or manufacture of any of the English plant-
ations in America, shall be loaded in any ship or ves-
sel upon any pretext whatsoever, nor loaden upon
any horse, cart, or other carriage, to be carried out
of the plantations toanysther ot thcsaidplantations,
or to any other place whatsoever."—Bancroft, vol. i,
p. 106.
No colonial wool or woolen manufacture
might be shipped, even from one colony to
another, and thus a general market was ren-
dered impossible. Every British sailor was
forbidden by law to purchase for his own use
more than 40 shillings' worth of woolen goods
in any American port.
Soon after British smiths began to manufac-
ture iron, an inquiry was made whether the col-
onists had ventured to engage in that branch
of industry. When it was found that they were
endeavoring to supply themselves with iron from
their own hills, the iron-mongers of Birming-
ham sent a petition to Parliament praying—
"That the American people be subjected to such
restrictions as may forever secure the trade to this
country."
In 1750 a bill was introduced into Parlia-
ment _ decreeing that every slitting-mill in
America be demolished. It was lost in the
House of Commons by only 22 votes. It was
decreed, however, that no new mills of that
description should ever be erected in America.
Ore might be taken from the mine, and iron in
its rudest forms might be shipped duty free.
"America produced and England wanted it, but
every process which could add to the value of the
unwrought ore was reserved for English hands. It
could neither bo slit nor rolled, nor could any plat-
ingforge be built to work with a tilt hammer or any
furnace for making steel."—Greene's Historical View
of the American Revolution, p. 47.
Purs were plenty in America, and the col-
onists began to make hats for themselves. The
hatters of London, seeing "theircraft in dan-
ger" by a loss of customers, petitioned Parlia-
ment for a redress of grievances, and in the
fifth year of George II a statute forbade the
transportation of hats from one plantation to
another.
To maintain herself as mistress of the sea
