4114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
The truth is, Mr. Speaker, the distance which
separates honest men and brave men of op-
posite political parties is not so great as is
often supposed. Much nearer together are
such men than they themselves sometimes
believe. A common sincerity of purpose, a
common honesty, is and should be a- much
stronger tie of union among all honest men
than any political, or than any religious tenet,
except in those cases in which vital principles
are involved. A thousand times rather would
I that honest men among my political oppo-
nents, and I have no doubt there are many
such in the country, should be intrusted with
the powers of administration in Government,
no matter in what department, than that one
of rr.y own party, hypocritically professing its
principles only as a cloak to cover his knavish
purposes of self-aggrandizement, should be
intrusted with such administration. If, there-
fore, after the late war, when meeting an
original secessionist, one who believed in that
heresy as a right, I had reason to think or to
know that he had been honest in the profession
of that belief; that so believing he had bravely
and fairly fought for its maintenance, and that
he had as bravely surrendered it when to fight
longer was .hopeless, all I asked of such an
one, all, indeed, that any party or individual
had a right to ask of such an one mis, ' 'Are you
ready to support the Government of the Union
under the Constitution which defines its powers,
abandoning forever your doctrine of secession,
and accepting in good faith the abolition for-
ever of slavery?" If to that question he an-
swered "Yes," I had nothing further to say,
and, believing him to be an honest man, lie
and I were thereafter as brothers, who might
differ, as all honest men may and sometimes do
differ, on subjects presented for their accept-
ance or rejection, whether upon politics or re-
ligion, or upon whatever other subjects enter
into the affairs of men or of nations.
It is, therefore, from my own personal ex-
perience, from my observations made with the
best opportunities for observation, and from
the experience and observation of others in
whose judgment and integrity I confide, that I
unhesitatingly assert that had the people of
the southern States been received back into
theUnion in the spirit which these remarks
indicate the war of the rebellion would by
this time have been remembered and in all
future time would have been remembered only
as a struggle bravely maintained by people of
different sections, contending for what each
side regarded as its just and lawful rights, and
therefore its duty to support with whatever of
resolution and power itcould command. There
would, indeed, have been many a widowed
heart and many an orphan to be comforted;
but "He who tempers the wind to the shorn
lamb" would have furnished in the kindly and
fraternal tempers of the whole people, in the
new life which, under the auspices of peace
and love, would have been infused into- all,
many consolations which a legislation marked
by a different spirit, and too often vindictive
and cruel, has forbidden.
Even now, after an expenditure of untold
millions of dollars most unnecessarily wasted
since_ the war in the work of restoring to the
Union, States which had never succeeded in
leaving it j notwithstanding this great addition
to our overwhelming national debt, made in the
interest of imposture and wrong ; notwithstand-
ing the many falsehoods detailed with all the
circumstance which ingenious malice or a base
and ignoble ambition could conceive, imputing
to the people of the South purposes which have
never intermitted of hostility to the Union,
crimes of the most flagitious character against
Union men, .whether living in the South or going
to the South from other parts of the country;
and especially imputing to the people of the
South outrages of the vilest character against
the poor colored man who never can find a bet-
ter friend—one indeed who will feed him when
hungry, clothe him when naked, or administer
to him in sickness more cheerfully than will his
old master; notwithstanding all these and a
thousand other calumnies, the foundation and
excuse of as many persecutions,-if the national
legislation shall cease to find itsinspiration in the
sources of uncharitableness and hate, my word
for it in a very short time there will be a differ-
ent condition of things, looking to the interests
of all classes, white and> colored, obtaining in
the South than that which has obtained under
the domination of the political adventurers who,
going there from the Lord alone knows what
remote corner, have had placed upon them,
by the aid of the Federal military power, offi-
cial trusts which in the vast majority of cases
they are utterly unable to execute with credit
to themselves or with benefit to any one. Bad
laws are being constantly enacted by the strange
dynasties which govern in the South, while good
laws are badly administered. Men are elevated
by the votes of poor, ignorant, innocent negroes
to the highest judicial positions who would not
dare to aspire in any northern State to the
office of a cross-roads justice; sheriffs are
chosen who are incompetent to make an intel-
ligible return of the service of process, and
offices of all kinds, through all the grades of
responsibility, are occupied by men utterly
incompetent to the proper discharge of the
commonest official duty. Indeed, incapacity
and the grossest ignorance are the rule (to
which there are exceptions, but exceptio probat
regulum) among not only the inferior officers
in my State, but with those of high judicial
position; and thus is there generally violated
a fundamental principle of Magna Charta,
"That no man should be an officer of justice
without knowledge of the law.!' And yet, with
such a condition of things generally prevail-
ing, with everything like official qualification
branded and ostracised, it is expected that
crime will not exist nor outrage be perpetrated!
Why, Mr. Speaker, the most orderly com-
munity of Puritans in New England would
revolt -in open rebellion against such a rule as
is to-day imposed upon many parts of the South.
If I should be mistaken in this it would be
because among those who composed such com-
munity there was not to be found any of the
blood which coursed in the veins of the he-
roes who withstood British tyranny at Bunker
Hill, at Concord, and at Lexington. The pic-
ture I have drawn of the condition of the peo-
ple in many parts of the South but faintly por-
trays the reality. The patient endurance with
which it is borne excites alike my surprise and
my admiration. For, with much of error to
be atoned for—alas! bitterly and in humilia-
tion atoned for—what has been already inflicted
. on that people and is daily inflicted—utterly
surpasses not only my concepti ons of the largest
penalties for political offenses, but as I would
in charity believe, far exceeds in its degrading
results anything conceived by those who framed
the legislation which, if pursued to the end to
which it would logically lead, will certainly
effect the utter ruin, in all the higher attributes
of character of, it may be a sometimes erring,
but always a brave and noble people. One of
the most alarming symptoms of deterioration
in any people oppressed and humiliated by
persecution is, to my mind, an uncomplaining
submission-to such persecution. A truly wise
Government will sometimes punish, but it will
never persecute.
I confess, almost with shame do I confess
it, Mr. Speaker, that no matter how vile may
be the calumnies with which the southern peo-
ple are pursued, no matter how successfully
such calumnies are employed in invoking re-
newed persecutions by the instrumentality of
hostile legislation against the people of my
State and other southern States—I repeat it
is with shame that I confess to a disposition to
be silent under the recital of those "calumnies
and the avowal of such intended persecutions.
It may be that we of the South have already
received so many shocks that our sensibili-
ties have become deadened; that we are in
the condition of the poor culprit, who, when
broken on the wheel, was, after the first dis-
location, utterly insensible to the supposed
agonies of the next in the series of his tortures.
If such should ever become the condition of
the South,' then will the white man of that un-
happy section have become more despised in
his bondage and more helplessly a, slave than
were that innocent and half-civilized race so
recently panoplied with the great privileges
and the'greater responsibilities of freemen—
privileges which white men were centuries in
extorting from the iron hand of tyranny, re-
sponsibilities so momentous that our ability
to bear them with the largest benefit to our-
selves and the smallest harm to others is still a
problem needing the solution of a larger experk
ence than any which our history can furnish.
But I am met here by the charge of outrages
of different kinds—all, all, it is alleged, the
legacies of rebellion, all committed in the in-
terest and in the spirit of rebellion 1 To this
accusation of crimes, so far as their connection
with the late rebellion is concerned, except as
they are the necessary consequence and con-
comitant of the misgovernments which have
been forced upon the southern people since the
rebellion was suppressed, I give my distinct
and emphatic denial. Every crime in the cat-
alogue of offenses occurring in the States of
the South is in these days flippantly, and falsely
as flippantly, attributed to the same spirit which
invoked the late rebellion. The calumniator
of States is entitled to an equal place in the
calendar of infamy with that which is held by
the destroyer of the liberties of a people. These,
like other calumnies, have generally originated
with aud been kept alive by those who them-
selves make, and most need, the largest drafts
upon the charity of their fellow-men.
A person who once held a judicial position
was assassinated but the other day at Decatur,
in north Alabama, by a personal enemy, to
avenge a conceived or real wrong committed
several years since; and behold! the telegraph
was at once employed by one who occupies the
place of a Senator to inform his colleagues of
the crime, accompanied by the suggestion that
it was committed in the interests of the late
rebellion, and instigated by a spirit of hostility
to the Government of the United States! For
what reason a suggestion so utterly false could
have been made I cannot conceive, unless it
was that an excuse might be given for forging
the chains which are to bind Georgia and Ten-
nessee, and possibly Alabama, in a more humil-
iatingbondage than that which already degrades
those once free and independent Common-
wealths. About the same time, possibly on the
very day in which this crime was committed in
north Alabama, Colonel Wilder was assassin-
ated by a personal enemy in the hall of the court-
house of Kansas City. About the same time,
also, an honest German citizen ofSt. Louis was
killed by an unknown assassin, in the twilight of
evening, almost on the door-sill of his house,
and had I the taste which caters for and would
make a catalogue of crimes I have no doubt I
could find offenses more heinous, the motive
which prompted them considered, and more
numerous, in proportion to the population,
committed in most northern cities and States
than are committed in the cities and States of
the South, every one of which can, with just
about as much reason, be called legacies of the
rebellion, or imputed to the spirit of the rebel
lion, as was the murder committed at Decatur,
or any other crime committed by southern
offenders.
On the 1-lth of April last past a Senator
from Indiana saw fit in his place in the Senate
to characterize my State as the seen© of out-
rages of the vilest character; and because
murders had been committed in two or three
counties he also saw fit to reflect upon the
people of character and intelligence in Ala-
bama by the imputation of criminal purposes
generally, and especially of hostility to the
Government and Union. A more unfounded
