2226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
nawha valley, there were manufactured in 1869
1,800,000 bushels. This is an increase of nearly
l,000,000bushels over any previous year. And
in addition to this there is manufactured at
Clifton, West Columbia, Mason City, Hartford
City, and at other places along the Ohio river,
a like amount. At night the river is lighted up
l or miles with the bright fires of these salt fur-
naces.
In the different processes involved in the
manufacturing of this salt there are employed
about 5,000laborers and their families. These
laborers and their families, by their consump-
tion of the products of the farmer and the mer-
chant, creatc a market at their very doors and
instill a spirit of thrift and industry into the
whole surrounding country. In fact every
branch of industry in this valley is indirectly
dependent on these manufactories.
It is claimed by the opponents of this bill
that this tariff enables the manufacturer to
pocket an unfair amount of profit, to the detri-
ment of other interests. We will see. The
cost of making salt depends upon the quality
of the brine, the size of the furnace, and the
skill, energy, and business tact of the oper-
ator. But the average, under favorable circum -
stances, is about 12 cents per bushel; it costs 8
cents per bushel to pack in barrels and deliver
in the yard of the manufacturer; making the
total cost of a bushel of salt before it is offered
for sale to the first "purchaser 20 cents. Man-
ufacturers in the valley of the Kanawha offer
their salt, at their yards at 25 cents per bushel,
but more frequently are compelled to take less.
Therefore it is seen that the manufacturer at
best, and at his own prices, makes but 5 cents per
bushel profit in return for and In consideration
of his own labor and heavy investment. Con-
sequently the plea of robbery and extortion,
as charged by the enemies of this bill on the
manufacturer, disappears, as will all their
chimerical and false deductions.
It. maybe inquired why the great discrep-
ancy between the manufacturer'spriceaud the
market value of suit. The reason is evident.
Salt is a heavy and bulky commodity. The ex-
perience of its producers and dealers demon-
strates that the shipping of saltcosts about one
lili.li of its market value. Salt, as a commodity
of trnflie, is of such a nature that you cannot
force its sale ; you must awaita purchaser. It
is ascertained that it costs another fifth of its
market value to effect a sale, ll must also be
remembered that from the necessarily low
locations of salt furnaces, they are subjected to
disastrous floods, involving great, loss ; the
barges in which salt is more frequently trans-
ported, from tho character of their burden,
are liable to and frequently do sink, entailinga
loss of the whole cargo. The nominal price
of salt at the principal markets in the West
during the past season has been 85 cents, but
this nominal price is no sure criterion as to the
actual amount paid, as it has been sold from
that sum down, and even below the cost of
production.
_Another delusion entertained by the enemies
of protection, to which I wish to call your at-
tention, is the mistaken belief that the tariff on
salt has a permanent tendency to increase the.
cost, of the article to the consumer. I admit
the first effect of the abolition of the tariff
would be to bring down the prices. Foreign
producers are able to undersell us; they would,
by a reduction of prices, soon close all our
furnaces, and drive our own people out of the
business. This would leave them masters of
the market; they would thereby obtain a mo-
nopoly of trade in this article, and consumers
would be at the mercy of foreign monopolists.
If we were in any doubt as to whether these
tradesmen in a foreign article would take ad-
vantage of the destruction of our own factories
and raise the price of their imports, the expe-
rience of the past would fully settle it.
To show clearly the operations of this foreign
monopoly 1 will refer to their action under the
tariff act of 1841, when the duty on salt was
reduced to about 1J cent per bushel. I quote
from Mr. J. W. Baker, secretary of the Salt
Company of Onondago, who says:
" tinder the 15 per cent, ad valorem tariff of 1860
wo were unable to send any salt to New York, and
were driven almost entirely from the North river.
The prices of foreign salt wore high enough then, so
that we could, as labor was at that time, have suc-
cessfully competed; but the moment wo made any
demonstration in that direction the price of foreign
salt would fall so low as to leave us a largo margin of
loss, and consequently wo had to surrender tho mar-
ket. Now the tariff permits us to send our manu-
facture to the sea-board, and the power of'bearing'
the market being taken from the importer, we have
thus far sold all tho increase, and more, of the salt
used since 1860, and that at a price less than the cost
of tho foreign article in that year."
I deem this sufficient to show that while a
tariff sustains our home manufactures, and
gives thousands of men and women remunera-
tive employment, it does not, as some have
supposed, enhance the price to the farmer or
other citizen who may be a consumer.
Heretofore, in speaking of the comparative
number of persons in the branch of industry
now under consideration, I have referred more
particularly to the Kanawha valley, in my own
district; but when we come to consider other
portions of the State, and the immense opera-
tions in salt carried on in New York and other
States of the Union, we begin to have a clearer
conception of the great importance of some
generous protection to this department of pro
ductive industry.
The amount of salt manufactured in the
United States during the year 1809 exceeded
25,000,000 bushels. In tho production of this
02,500 male adults are furnished constant and
remunerative employment; in the sale, hand-
ling, transportation, and storage it is ascer-
tained by tho cost that an equal'number are
employed; making a total of 125,000 male
adults who find employment m the produetion
of'native salt. Estimating that there are five
persons dependent on every able-bodied male
adult, which is a low estimate, we have a pop-
ulation of 025,000 who earn a comfortable and
independent living in the single article of salt
under the present system of protection.
Before leaving this part of my subject I desire
to refer to the recklessness and ignorance with
which persons habitually declaim against the
principle of protection embodied in this bill.
A Professor Perry, who delivered a lecture in
Cincinnati, while discoursing the enormity of
taxing foreign salt and keeping it out of our
markets, said "that domestic salt was sell-
ing at twice the price of foreign," while the
same paper which reported his speech quoted
Kanawha salt at 10 cents and Turk's Island
at 55 to 53 cents per bushel!
To quote the language of Mr. Isaac N. Smith,
president of the Kanawha Salt Company—•
"The operation of tho tariff has always been to
cqualizo tho prico of salt throughout tnocountry.
Nativo salt competes with foreign for the market
along the line of tho eoast, ours meeting itabout the
lino of the Mobile and Tennessee railroad. Syra-
cuse and Saginaw salt meets Ohio and Kanawha
along a line through about tho ecnter of Illinois,
Indiana, and Ohio, where each maintains a skir-
mish lino to guard fgainst encroachments upon ter-
ritory or increase of price. There is and alwayswill
be such an unlimited supply of native salt that any
attempt at exorbitant prices will at once attract
competition from the various manufacturers in dif-
ferent parts of the country, and thus make it im-
possible to any extent or lensth of time. It may bo
said that combinations will be formed among the
diiFcrent interests, enabling them to advance tho
price at will. This cannot be the easo while there is
such an abundanco of salt water in so many different
States and open to all capital.
" Whenever tho priceofsalt shall rise above a legit-
imate profit, capital will bo attracted from other
branches of production, furnaces will spring up on
all sides, and competition will again force the price
down to its proper level. While tho suspension of
tho tariff might have the effect to lessen tho price of
salt along the coast, (although this would be en-
tirely at the option of the foreign manufacturer
whether it should or not,) it never has and cannot
have that ellect m tho interior, and the result will
be not to lessen the price of salt to the consumer
but to transfer the money used in its purchase to
foreign countries."
_ In summing up what I have to say in rela-
tion to the tariff on salt, I have only to revert
to the facts already referred to, to show the I
falsity of the position of its opponents and the
sophistry by which it is maintained.
1. It is claimed that the General Govern-
ment receives no increased income from the
present tariff over the cheap duty of 1847.
A fewfiguresfrom the official reports wil I settle
this question at once. Intheyear I860, under
the low-tariff system, there were imported into
the United States from foreign countries 11,-
000,000 bushels of salt, yielding an income to
the Treasury of only $214,070. In 1868, under
the present tariff, the importation was 9,480,032
bushels, yielding to the United States Treasuiy
$1,130,225, being an increase of income to the
United States Treasury, in favor of the present
tariff, of $021,555.
2. It is asserted that the tariff compels the
consumer to pay an increased price for salt,
and consequently taxes the consumer for the
benefit of the manufacturer.
Mr. Wells answers this in his free-trade report.
Mi-. Wells says foreign saltsoldin New York in
1860,underthe low-tariff system, and when cur-
rency was worth as much as gold, for 23 cents
per bushel. And that Onondaga, New York,
salt, in 1800, 18G7, 1808, when a paper dollar
was only worth 00 cents, sold for 22.85 coats
per bushel, showing that under the present
tariff' salt sells decidedly cheaper than when
the duty was much less.
3. It is said that the tariff is calculated to
make the rich richer aud the poor poorer.
Now, the ideathatgivingconstantandremun-
erative employment to 025,000 of our citizens
in the production of an article at our own doors,
without increased cost to our own consumers,
is simply absurd and needs no further refutation.
4. It is claimed that this tariff is an injury
to the agriculturist while it benefits the man-
ufacturer.
This is equally absurd with tho last proposi-
tion. To suppose that a branch of industry
which sustains 025,000 consumers of farm
products to bo an injury to the farmer is im-
possible. On the contrary, as lias been here-
tofore shown, it is essential to his interests;
it makes a convenient market for his pro-
ducts, andlessensthedegreeofcompetition toa
point which makes farming a profitable occu-
pation.
5. That the manufacturer of salt makes
enormous profits.
I have heretofore shown that even under
the present protective laws the manufacturing
of salt was a very uncertain speculation ; that
without the best of facilities and management
it never was profitable; and even under the
most favorable circumstances accidents peculiar
to this business,' such as losses by freshets and
in'transportation, swamp the whole profits of
a season. But even where all these favorable
circumstances exist, without loss by accident,
the most expected to be made under the most
favorable conditions is 5 cents per bushel, in
consideration of all their labor, heavy invest-
ment of capital, and risks from extraordinary
accidents.
I think, Mr. Speaker, it has been demon-
strated in the course of these remarks that a
carefully devised protective system is the key
to tho future greatness of our country. I think
I have shown that in the case of salt, no matter
in what aspect wc choose to view it, the pro-
tection now given to this article is advantage-
ous to all classes of citizens—the farmer, the
mechanic, the laborer.
Ihis, gentlemen, is equally true of another
article to which I wish to direct your attention.
I refer to coal. This mineral has assumed
an importance in our domestic economy sec-
ond on!y,to the food we eat. If it were pos-
sible that by some great misfortune we should
be suddenly and totally deprived of this great
essential of modern industry the distressing
consequences would be beyond conception.
So intimately has it become intermixed with
every department of comfort and labor that
to be deprived of its use, or have it rendered
less accessible to all classes of society, would
