1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
222?
seriously cripple, if not totally destroy, the
progressive tendencies of the age. Important
as coal is in all its uses the amount of indus-
try, enterprise, and capital required for its pro-
duction is scarcely less a matter of congratula-
tion. The number of our citizens employed
in mining and preparingfor market this article
of commerce is immense. The amount of coal
annually mined and thrown into the various
commercial channels of the United States is
about 30,000,000 tons. In my own State there
was mined and shipped in the year 1869 about
500,000 tons.
ill-. .Wells, in his anti-protection report,
seems lo have taken upon himself the task of
attacking, apparently with a view of seriously
crippling, this important branch of industry.
He uses the same arguments in support of this
ircc-trade theory, when recommending that
foreign coal should be admitted to our ports
free of duty, that he had previously used in
the same connection with regard to copper,
leather, iron, and salt; and the substance of
his arguments is that a tariff on foreign articles
is a tax on the consumer, and goes into the
pockets of the producer.
I claim to have clearly shown the falseness
of these deductions in their application to
salt; and I am equally able, by referring to
the facts in this case, to show their uttertruth-
lessness in their application to coal. The
amount of foreign coal used for domestic pur-
poses in the United States is so small as to be
inappreciable. The coals of England and
Wales shipped here for this purpose are so
high as to be beyond the means of any but the
most-wealthy, this coal bringing from $10 to
$20 per ton. The coal sent from the North
British Provinces, as for instance NovaSeolia,
is unsuitable for domestic consumption ; and
its importation in large or small quantities,
free of duty or otherwise, eau in no way affect
the price of coal used in families.
The gas companies of New York and other
large cities of the East are the principal con-
sumers of Nova Scotia coal, and it was these
monopolies which raised the hue and cry
adopted by Mr. Wells for abolishing the pro-
tection on domestic coal. It is often of the
greatest importance in an investigation of this
character to get at the motives which actuate
opponents of a measure. When we reflect that
these great corporations have grown wealthy
on their large profits we are not surprised at
the powerful influence they can wield in their
efforts to attain still larger profits and other
substantial advantages. This little secret fully
explains the hypocritical solicitude which they
manifest " that the people should have cheap
fuel."
The reciprocity treaty with Canada, under
which this coal was admitted free of'duty, ex-
tended from 1854 to 1800. During all these
twelve years the great gas manufacturing com-
panies of New York, Boston, and other eastern
cities had the use of this foreign coal free of
tariff. Yet the newspapers of the period, pub-
lished in the several cities, are teeming with
complaints of the extortions inflicted on the
people by these gas companies for light, show-
ing conclusively that the object of those lead-
ing on this movement against the great coal
mining interests of the country is not that the
people may have cheaper fuel; because the
small amount of coal imported into this country
for domestic purposes, with or without the tariff,
has no influence in changing the market price
of this variety of coal.
The amount of coal consumed antfually in
the United States for all purposes is about
20,000.000 tons. The largest amount of coal
shipped to the United States from the British
provinces during the non-existence of the pres-
ent tariff was in 1864 and 1865. The highest
figures reached were 405,194 tons. This in-
crease, however contemptible in quantity when
compared to the whole amount used, was not
owing to the absence of duty, but to the scarcity
of supply fiom our own mines, growing out of
loss of labor and the comparative suspension
of our mining operations during the war. But
giving importers of foreign coal all these ad-
vantages, the absence of any tariff, the benefits
of cheap labor, and their close proximity to the
Boston market, we still see, according to the
Boston Shipping List and Price Current, that
the average price of foreign coal in the city
of Boston in 1864 under the low tariff was
$10 40 per ton; while the average price of
West Virginia and Maryland coal, delivered on
vessels in Baltimore, in 1808, under the present
tariff was only $6 84. The highest average
price paid for anthracite coal delivered in
Philadelphia in 1868 was only $3 80.
Thus we see that the plea for the abolition
of the duty on coal on the grounds of it mak-
ing fuel cheaper falls to the ground. The
action of the tariff is simply this : it compels
the foreign producer to pay into the United
States Treasury the surplus profits accruing to
him from the pernicious system of cheap for-
eign labor; and what he robs from his own
laborers, the United States compels him to pay
back for the benefit of our own workingmen.
My own State, West Virginia, is largely
interested in all legislation touching the coal
interests of our country. As before stated, we
mine and ship, under the encouragement of the
existing tariff, about 500,000 tons. In refer-
ring to the counties of Preston, Harrison, and
Marion, the statistics of which are more imme-
diately accessible at present, 1 find there were
mined and shipped over the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad in the year 1809 about 175,000
tons of gas coal—2,'240 pounds to the ton :
The coat of mining, hauling to railioud oars, loading,
and keeping mines in repair in about $1 per ton,
say  $175,000
Transportation on railroad. 000 mites, 11
cents per ton per mite, or 60 per ton... 787,r>0;)
Wharfage anil rcshipment at Baltimore,
25 cents per ton  43,500
Average v.'ntor transportation from Balti-
more to N cw York, $2 15 per ton  ;!7fi,25()
Making $1,332,250
This estimate is based on the supposition
that the coal is all sent to New York. But
some of it stops at Baltimore, while another
portion continues on past New York and is
distributed throughout the New England States,
thereby making the above estimate of the cost
of mining, transportation, &c., about the true
average. This coal is transported to New York
from Baltimore on two lines: one by the Chesa-
peake and Delaware and Delaware and iiari-
tan canals, called the inland route ; the other
route is by sailing vessels which pass out by
the capes of Virginia, These two routes keep
down all monopoly in the transportation of
coal by water.
The western portion of Pennsylvania fur-
nishes at present about twice as much gas coal
as West Virginia. The Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company and the Central Pennsyl-
vania Railroad Company compete for this traf-
fic; and through this competition the railroad
freight is reduced to the low figure of 1} cent
per ton ot' 2,240 pounds per mile.
It is clear, from the above statistics, that the
proprietors working our coal mines did not
make during the last year 30 cents per ton.
Now, remove 25 cents, as has been contem-
plated, from the present tariff, and 1 would ask
what margin is left of profit to encourage or
justify the working of our vast coal-fields? To
so reduce the tariff would be to cripple one of
the most important elements in the present and
prospective growth of my State. Another con-
sideration which must not be overlooked is the
fact that the support and encouragement which
Congress has vouchsafed by the enactment of
this tariff have induced capitalists to invest the
large sums necessary to put mines into a con-
dition for working ; and now, at the very mo-
ment when they begin to receive some return
from their investment, for Congress to aboiish
the protection which alone enables them to
work their mines with profit would be an act
of bad faith.
The tariff on coal, salt, and some other arti-
cles of home production has met with^ decided
opposition from a quarter from which it should
have been least expected. I refer to the rep-
resentatives of Massachusetts in their State
Legislature. Now, if their demand was for tie
universal reduction or abolition of the tariff on
all articles of home production, I would still
feel bound to contend that their demands were
wrong; that their theory was prejudicial to
the best interests of the country. Yet under
these circumstances I could give them credit
for consistency. But when they demand the
reduction of duty on coal, iron, salt, &c., and
in the same breath ask additional duties on
the already over-taxed articles of woolen and
cotton goods, in the production of which New
England industry is principally directed, I am
compelled to say that their actions partake ot
a distinctively sectional character, which I
conceive to be decidedly objectionable in any
of our legislative bodies. This spirit of sec-
tionalism is clearly demonstrated in the pas-
sage of the following resolution by the Legis
la! ure of Massachusetts on the 27th of J anuary,
1870:
"Resolved, That our Senators and Representatives
in Congress are requested to favor the repeal or
material reduction of the duties on foreign eoal;
anil that thesocretary of the Commonwealth forward
a copy of this resolution to each of them."
Now, if Congress had bat one duly to per-
form, and that duty was to look after the
interests of Massachusetts, it might be very
proper to take the suggestion embodied in this
resolution into consideration. But as the du-
ties of Congress are diversified, and involve the
interests of 40,000,000 people in 46 different
States and Territories, it is equally proper that
in our legislation we should look to the inter-
ests of the whole people.
The particular congressional legislation which
gave impetus to the woolen and cotton manu-
factures of Massachusetts, was the tariff of 1842.
But this tariff was not enacted solely in the
interests of the producers of woolen and cotton
goods of Massachusetts. It also imposed a duty
of SI G8 per ton on foreign coal, and in this way
encouraged the investment of capital in this
department of industry. And every tariff act
passed by Congress since 1842 has imposed a
sufficient protection on coal to justify opera-
tors in mining and transporting to market this
important article of home production.
To enable the Massachusetts legislators to
fully realize the injustice of the position they
have assumed in relation to the article of coal,
they have only to imagine for themselves the
passage by the Legislatures of West Virginia
and Maryland of resolutions recommending
Congress to repeal all laws imposing duties on
the importation of woolen and cotton goods.
I have confidence that when this resolution
of the Massachusetts Legislature is thus pre-
sented in its true and general bearing to the
members of this House the selfishness and
injustice of such legislative instructions will
become apparent to every member present,
especially those representing the State of
Massachusetts.
I will say in conclusion, that from the ex-
alted opinion I have formed of gentlemen rep-
resenting the State of Massachusetts on this
floor, during the short time I have been here, I
leel confident they will see the injustice era-
bodied in this resolution of instruction; and
it 1 may judge from my personal acquaintance
with some of the number, they will take a more
liberal and statesmanlike view of this question.
Mr. DONLEY. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
purpose to trespass at any great length upon
the time of the House. That no new argu-
ments can be presented relative to the subject,
ot duties on imports will be evident when it is
lemembered how fully the whole question has
been discussed by the ablest masters of debate
who have occupied seats in either House of
Congress since the organization of the Govern-
ment. During the progress of this debate the
whole ground hasbeen so thoroughly canvassed,
