•18?0.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Garfield.
Ho. of Reps.
England must increase her navy. She would
not consent that British gold should leave the
island to'purchase any pine—
"Hewn on Norwegian hills to be the mast
Of some great Ammiral."
She turned to the free forests of America,
which God, not England, had planted, and de-
creed that every pitch-pine tree, two feet in
diameter, and not in an enclosure, between the
Delaware and the St. Lawrence, was the prop-
erty of the king for the use of his navy, and
might not be cut without a foyal license, under
a penalty of £100: If the sinful chopper wore
a disguise, he must receive twenty lashes on his
bare back besides payingafine. A "Surveyor
General of the king's woods," with his army
of deputies and clerks, came over the sea to
enforce this law.
The slave trade was too profitable to be neg-
lected by the apostles of the Mercantile Sys-
tem. Slaves could be bought on the coasts
of Africa for a few trinkets, and sold to the
Spanish and other American Colonies for gold.
Hence in the treaty of Utrecht, England secured
the monopoly of the Spanish trade and pledged
herself to bring into the West Indies, not less
than 144,000 slaves within the next thirty years,
and pay to Spain a duty of $83 33J per head.
No other nation was to enjoy this privilege.
For the management of this lucrative trade
the "Royal African Company" was formed.
Philip V of Spain took one quarter of the stock ;
"the good Queen Anne" another quarter, and
the remaining half was reserved for her British
subjects. (Bancroft, vol. iii, pp. 229-233.)
In a tract written by a British merchant in
1745, it was declared that—•
" The increaseof intelligentwhitemcn in the colo-
nies would injure British manufactures by introduc-
ing competition; butthc importation of negroes will
lceep them dependent upon England."
Whatever did not enhance the tradeandcom-
merce of England was deemed unfit to be a
part of the colonial policy. When the good
Bishop Berkeley proposed to establish a great
American university, he was answered by \Val-
pole:
" That from the labor and luxury of the plantation.';
great advantages may ensue to the mother country ;
yet the advaneeinentof literature and the improve-
ment in arts and sciences in our American colonies
can never be of any service to the British State."
A colonial commissioner who was sent to
England to ask an increased allowance for the
churches of Virginia., concluded his earnest
appeal to the royal attorney general in these
words:
"'Consider, sir, that the people of Virginia have
souls to sa.ve.' ' Damn your souls: make tobacco,'
was the instant reply."
In that reply was embodied both the piety
and the policy of the British Government in
reference to their American colonies.
Worse even than its effects on the industry
of the colonies, was the influence of this policy
on political and commercial morality. The in-
numerable arbitrary laws enacted to enforce it,
created a thousand new crimes. Transactions
which the colonists thought necessary to their
welfare, and. in no way repugnant to the moral
sense of good men, were forbidden under heavy
penalties.
They became a nation of law-breakers. Nine
tenths of th« colonial merchants were smug-
glers. Nearly half of the signers of the Declar-
ation of Independence were bred to commerce,
lo the command of ships and to contraband
trade. John Hancock was the prince of con-
traband traders ; and with John Adams as his
counsel, was on trial before the admiralty court,
in Boston, at the exact hour of the shedding of
the first, blood at Lexington, to answer for a
$500,000 penalty alleged to have been incurred
as a smuggler.
Half the tonnage of the world was engaged
in smuggling or piracy. The war of independ-
ence was a war against commercial despotism;
against an industrial policy which oppressed
and tortured the industry of our fathers, and
would have reduced them to perpetual vassal-
age for the'gain of England.
In view of these facts, it is not strange that
our fathers should have taken early measures
not only to free themselves from this vassal-
age, but also to establish in our own land
such industries as they deemed indispensable
to an independent nation. The policy I have
described prevailed throughout Christendom,
and compelled the new Republic, in self-de-
fense, to adopt measures for the protection of
its own interests.
No one now fails to see that the European
policy of the seventeenth and eighteenth cen-
turies was a3 destructive of national industry
as it was barbarous and oppressive. Political
philosophers did not hesitate to declare that
a general and devastating war among other
nations was desirable as a means of enhanc-
ing the commerce of their own. The great
Dryden, poet laureate of England, was not
ashamed to begin one of his noblest poems,
the Annus Mirabilis, by invoking the thun-
ders of war on Holland for the sole purpose
of reducing her commercial prosperity. What
living poet would mar his fame by such a
couplet as this?
" But first the toils of war wo must endure,
And from the injurious Dutch redeem the sea."
Even as late as 1743 an eminent British
statesman said in the House of Lords:
"If our wealth is diminished, it is time to ruin the
commerce of that nation which has driven us from
the markets of theContinent, bysweepingthe seas of
their ships and by blockading their ports."
A better civilization has changed all this;
has expanded the area of commercial freedom,
and remanded the industry of nations more and
more to the operation of the general laws of
trade. But it must be borne in mind that the
political millennium has notyet come, when all
nations belong to one family, with no collision
of interests and no need of distinct and sepa-
rate policies. Until that happy period arrives,
each Government must first of all provide for
its own people. Protection, in its practical
meaning, is that provident care for the industry
and development of our own country which will
give our own people an equal chance in the
pursuit of wealth, and save us from the calamity
of being dependent upon other nations with
whom we may any day be at war.
In so far as the doctrine of free trade is a pro-
test against the old system of oppression and
prohibition it is a healthy and worthy sentiment.
But underlying all theories, there is a strong
and deep conviction in the minds of a great
majority of our people, in favor of protecting
American industry. And now I ask gentle-
men who advocate free trade if they desire to
remove all tariff duties from imported goods?
I trust they do not mean that. Do they not know
that we are pledged, by all that is iionest and
patriotic, to raise $130,000,000, in gold, every
year to pay the interest on our public debt;
and will tliey not admit the necessity of raising
$20,000,000 more a year, in gold, as a sinking
fund, to apply to the principal of the public
debt? Will it be wise statesmanship to raise
less than $150,000,000 in gold a year? If this
bo admitted we have the limit within which we
may reduce the duties on imported goods.
The heavy burdens which the people have
borne during the last eight years must not be
taken as proof that they can readily carry all
that now rests upon them. We are now rapidly
passing down from the high prices of the war;
and the shrinkage of values is every day making
the weight of taxation heavier to carry. Our
revenue is now producing nearly $100,000,000
surplus, and it will be quite safe for the Treas-
ury to reduce the receipts of customs duties
from $180,000,000 to $150,000,000, and to re-
mit internal taxes to the amount of $20,000,000
ir%r6, thus making a total-reduction of $50, -
000,000. This reduction will afford great relief
to the people, and will be safe for the Govern -
ment.
W'e are limited in ourtariff legislation by two
things: first, the demands of the Treasury,
and, second, the wants and dtemands of Amer-
ican industry. The Treasury we understand,
but what is "American industry?" I reject
that narrow view which considers "industry"
any one particular form of labor. I object to
any theory that treats the industries of the
country as they were treated in the last census,
where we had one schedule for "agriculture"
and another for "industry," as though agricul-
ture were not an industry, as though commerce
and trade and transportation were not indus-
tries. American industry is labor in any form
which gives value to the raw materials or ele-
ments of nature, either by extracting them from
the earth the air or the sea, or by modifying their
forms, or transporting them through the chan-
nels of trade to the markets of the world, or in
any way rendering them better fitted for the
use of man. All these are parts of American
industry, and deserve the careful and earnest
attention of the Legislature of the nation.
Wherever a ship plows the sea, or a plow fur-
rows the field; wherever a mine yields its
treasure; wherever a ship or a railroad train
carries freight to market; wherever the smoke
of the furnace rises or the clang of the loom
resounds; even in the lonely garret where the
seamstress plies her busy needle, there is
industry.
We have seen within what limits we are
restrained in reducing taxation. Let us next
inquire in what way this reduction may be so
made as lo give most relief to industry. And
here let me say that, in my opinion, the key
to all our financial problems, or at least the
chief factor in every such problem, is the doc-
trine of prices. Prices exhibit all fluctuations
of business, and are as sure indicators of panics
and revulsions as the barometer is of storms.
If I were to direct any student of finance where
to begin his studies I should refer him to the
great work of Thomas Tooke on the History of
Prices, as a foundation on which to build the
superstructure of his knowledge.
But to make the study of prices of any value
we must examine the elements which influ-
ence prices. Some of them lie beyond our
control, while others are clearly within the
reach of legislation. Among the most prom-
inent influences that affect prices are seasons,
crops, the foreign markets, facilities of trans-
portation, and the amount and character of
taxation and of the currency. All these com-
bine to regulate and determine the prices that
prevail in one country as compared with prices
m others. "The early and the latter rain,"
abundance and famine, war and peace in other
nations and sometimes in our own, are elements
beyond our control. But we are responsible for
the statutes which regulate trade, transporta-
tion, cuirency and taxation. it is in our hands
to place the burdens of taxation where they will
impede as little as possible the march of in-
dustry, and least disturb the operation of the
great laws of value, of supply and demand.
Now, consider the recent history of prices
as related to industry in this country. When
the war hegan our public debt was Jess than
$05,000,000. Daring the eight years imme-
diately preceding the war, the expenditures
of the General Government did not reach an
average of $59,000,000 a year. Then came the
war, by which nearly two millions of men were
transferred from the ranks of producers to the
army of consumers. The war itself was a
gigantic consumer of wealth. In asingleyear
our expenditures reached the enormous sum of
