1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3171
■tout; one hundred and sixty by forty-four feet is
finished, and the west wine nbout half nuished. It
hns contracted a debt of$6,ft)0 in order to do this
much. To complete and furnish tho entiro building
on the plan proposed will require from thirty-five
to forty-five thousand dollars moro. _ j
"Five members of youreouiimttoe, Messrs. Ward,
t t* UVi«Ak nnrl WoKor r*n hVhpnnrw
under grcatdifficuliy.  .
ami tho building, inside and out, looks cheerless and
drcarv. The chnpel is not in a condition to boused,
and only two of the recstatiou rooms nro (it for use.
There arc lifty-two acres of ground attached to it,
which needs >omo improvement. and which could bo
made exceedingly pleasant by the expenditure of a
email amount of money. Notwithstanding theBO
disadvantages with which both faculty and students
have to contend, there seems to be a very laudable
desire on the part of both to make tho institution a
taccess; and it maybe fairly anticipated that tho
realisation ot their desire will be assured by the
adoption of the resolution and the favorable action
of Congress in the premises. From what your com-
mittee have learned from the liev. l'ishop Payne,
president of tho university, and a colored man of
great research and ability, the present indebtedness
and the amount necessary td complete tho building
will be more than they can raiso unless they have
aid from their friends. It is well known that the
colored people of this State aro as a class in cir-
cumstances which will not allow us to hope that any
great pecuniary aid can be obtained from them.
"While visiting the university classes in mathe-
matics, Latin, and chemistry were reviewed by Pro-
fessor Howard, a gentleman of considerable expe-
rience in educational matters in Massachusetts, and
candor compels us to admit that the students in all
of these, with but few exceptions, acquitted them-
selves very creditably to themselves and their in-
structors. Four compositions wcro read by four of
the female students, which, it is according but just
praise to say, would compare favorably with like
efforts by those who have had equal opportunities
in the female seminaries of the State.
" The whole nnmber of students, male and female,
is ninety-two. A catalogue of the studies pursued
and number in each class is appended to this re-
port
" Whatever differences of opinion may be enter-
tained as to the propriety of extending the elective
franchise to the colored race of the State, but one
opinion can be entertained by those who have any
claim to liberal views as to the wisdom, indeed, the
absolute necessity, of encouraging that race in any
and all attempts to improve their mental culture by
the establishment not only of primary schools, but
by fitting them to be teachers of their own race. The
latter is one of the objects, if not the main object,
of this university. This necessity will bo felt the
more if the duties of full citizenship shall be con-
ferred upon them. It cannot be denied that with
our present habits of society it is much better that
separate schools should be established for the educa-
tion of the colored race. Whether the social dis-
tinctions which exist are owing to any actual supe-
riority of the white race, or to mere prey udicc of
color, it is not necessary for us to deeide. We must
deal with the fact as we find it, and it is a notorious
fact that the colored children have not the same
facilities for acquiring cither the rudiments of an
English education, or the higher scientific branches
that the whites have. Let us then assist them. There
is nothing so absolutely indispensable to the exist-
ence of a republic as the intelligence of her people.
The constitution of the State enjoins upon us the en-
couragement of sehools. Let us, then, obey thespirit
of the constitution by encouraging schools where
they are most needed. In view of these facts, we think
this institution commends itself to our favorable
consideration and aotive encouragement. Informa-
tion has been received by your committee that there
is hope that the appropriation may be obtained if
early aetion shall be taken.
We therefore recommend the adoption of the
Pfjjjnible and resolutions as amended.
This report was the basis of the action of the Ohio
legislature in favor of this institution.
After a careful examination of all the Acts in the
ease this committee are of the opinion that it would
n t'le benefit of tho colored race in the
United btates to appropriate a portion of the fund
neretotore accumulated for the education of the
weedmen to the support of such an institution as
miberiorce University than to disseminate it in
small sums throgh numerous schools in the South,
w developing Wilberforce University the cilored
people have exhibited great energy and fidelity. It
I™ ®Tidently the confidence of the colored citizens,
not only in the northern States, but in the southern,
u ®?Ddition, with moderate help, to become
a Permanent basis, and to exert a
e1 influence by the edncation of colored
eac&ers to be sent to labor among the colored pop-
ulation of the South,
inquiry the committee find that the fund for
_ ■iPau°n of freedmen, now under the control
Bureau of Befugees, Freedmen, and Aban-
i ?, 8'18 about one hundred and fifty thou-
wm.M k 3' an^ tbey are of the opinion that it
a permanent benefit to the colored race to
■iffiPWute te.OOO of this l'und for the benefit of
lipr« Hur<!eUniversity; and they accordingly report
ltn a Joint resolution to that effect.
Mr. PATTERSON. I am not disposed to
ppose the passage of this bill; but I rise to
one or two questions of the chairman of
the Committee on Education and Labor re-
specting it. Before doing so I would say just
a word. There are not, as stated in the report
just read, $150,000 now remaining of the educa-
tional fund of the Freedmen's Bureau; there
are only about one hundred thousand dollars.
About the time the last report was made there
were $140,000, but that has been very much
lessened by subsequent expenditures.
Mr. DRAKE. I got my information from
the bureau.
Mr. PATTERSON. I have mine also from
the bureau. I think it is a very fair question
to be considered whether the funds of this
bureau should be expended iu establishing
and maintaining these high institutions of
-teaming or not. I am rather of the opinion
that these funds should have been expended
from the first in providing for the means of
educating the great mass of the colored chil-
dren of the country, in providing for them
common school education instead of collegiate
education, either in the southern States or the
northern States. I am inclined to think that
these funds should be expended in the southern
States for the education of the common chil-
dren in common schools rather than in the
northern States. I shotfld like to know from
the chairman of the committee if this institu-
tion was founded originally by the funds of this
bureau or by private contributions.
Mr. DRAKE*. Wilberforce University is an
institution that has been in existence in the
State of Ohio for a number of years. As stated
in the report, the reason why there is any appli-
cation whatever to Congress in the matter is that
some part of their buildings was destroyed by
fire some years ago, and they have been so far
with all their efforts unable to rebuild it.
Now, I will state for the information of the
Senator from New Hampshire, and every other
Senator who wishes to have information about
it, that as an original proposition to appro-
priate $25,000 to tLis institution out of the
Treasury of the United States it is not at all
probable that the Committee on Education and
Labor would have regarded it favorably. But
; this is the position taken by the committee :
money has been heretofore appropriated out
of the Treasury for the education of the freed-
: men and placed in the custody of the Freed-
| men's Bureau ; that money has been expended
| at the discretion of the Freedmen's Bureau in
I the education of the colored people in the South,
j It is a fund which has been devoted by the
' action of the nation, through its Congress, to
the education of the people of the South.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to ask the
Senator a question there. Does he say that
the Congress of the United States has ever
appropriated money out of the Treasury for
the education of the colored people?
Mr. DRAKE. Perhaps it was not out of
the Treasury, but it took money that was on
the way to the Treasury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was money arising
from the sale of abandoned lands that has
been used in that region of country.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is on a very dif-
ferent principle.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well, sir. It is money
that would have gone into the Treasury but
for that jaw. It is money which Congress has
appropriated or directed to be applied to the
education of the freedmen. Now, when the
freedmen themselves in large numbers came
and petitioned us to help this institution in Ohio
it was upon the principle that there were being
educated year after year the very pick and
choice of the colored boys and young men of
the South to go back into the South as teach-
ers of the colored children; and for that rea-
son we considered that the probability was that
we could do more good to the colored people
of the South by helping this institution that was
to supply them with teachers than we could do
by scattering this $25,000 in small amounts
over the South. There is the whole case. It
costs this Government nothing. It furthers the
administration of a fund which the Government
created lor the education of the freedmen ; and
I should hope that the Senate would not see
serious objection to allowing this much ot' the
fund to take this course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would like to i nqui re
whethertbe Senator from Missouri would liave
any objection to an amendment that a like
sum of $25,000 is hereby appropriated out of
the Treasury in aid of each institution of learn-
ing in the United States where no distinction
is made on account of race or color?"
Mr. DRAKE. Most manifestly the Senator
from Illinois does not desire or intend to pro-
pose any such amendment. Here is a fund
appropriated by law for the education of this
particular class of people, and here is an insti-
tution to educate teachers for that particular
class. It is only a question with us whether that
money shall go lo the South for little schools,
or whether this much shall be devoted to pro-
viding teachers for the little schools.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As far as I can under-
stand the principle upon which this bill is based
it has simply been the principle that no dis-
tinction is made in the Wilberforce University
in the education of children on account of race
or color. I believe the words "previous con-
dition of servitude" are left out.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will allow me
to make a suggestion. This school was estab-
lished for the education nearly exclusively of
children from the southern States. I suppose
the State of Ohio is not any more interested
in it, nor has it many more scholars there, than
some other States. It is in the southern part
of our State, and ever since its organization
the young colored people from Kentucky and
Tennessee have been educated there; and now,
I am told, a very large majority of the young
men that are being educated there are eman-
cipated slaves from the southern States, and
very few of them are from Ohio, although a
great part of the gratuities thus far given to
thi3 very flourishing institution till it was par-
tially destroyed by fire were given by the peo-
ple of the immediate region in which the insti-
tution exists. This is an institution for the
education of the young men in the southern
States of the very class of people for whom the
money now set apart is appropriated. There
is no doubt about that.
As to the wisdom of the appropriation of
money for this particular Bchool, as against a
variety of common schools in the South, that
is a question upon which every Senator can
judge. My own opinion is that this normal
school—for that is the nature of it—for col-
ored people is of more service to the race in
the southern States than the establishment of
twenty or thirty common schools, because it
furnishes them teachers who are willing to
teach that race in the South. The great trouble
in the education of colored children in the South
is to get teachers; the white people generally
do not engage in the business, with the excep-
tion of a considerable number of ladies who
have gone South.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought the recom-
mendation of this institution, in the eyes at
least of the Senator from Missouri, was that
no distinction was made on account of race or
color. The Senator from Ohio tells us that this
is an institution for the education of colored
people 
Mr. SHERMAN. A committee of the Ohio
Legislatnre, composed of both parties, say that
under their rules there is no distinction on
account of color, but practically white people
do not go there because there are other schools
to which they can go.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is very objec-
tionable if practically there is a distinction there
on account of race or color. That would cer-
tainly command the attention of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] If any
bill of that kind in passing here so that prac-
tically 
