1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2229
with their goods, and draining us of our sold
silver, and bonds? The production of bitu-
minous coal should continue to receive that
^dlcl™lPr0tecti°n which has been afforded
since 1866 with such gratifying results, not-
withstanding the selfish opposition of a few
speculators m Nova Scotia mines. Maryland,
West Virginia, and Pennsylvania, having in-
vested millions m mines and railroads and
canals for transportation, should be afforded a
steady, reliable market on the eastern sea*
board, that the large capital thus invested shall
not become impaired or unremunerative. The
present duty, under the operation of which
many of these investments were encouraged
h produces an annual revenue" of
3500,000, should be continued.
Under "the stimulus of the present tariff—
and the history of the country will show that the
amount of iron production has been measured
by the enGouragerocnt received—-new furnaces
have sprung up all over the country, and old
ones enlarged, until the annual pig-iron prod-
uct has reached the enormous quantity of
2,000,000 tons. Thirty years ago the entire yield
was 500,000tons annually, and the largest fur-
nace hadacapacityof but 1,500 tons, while now
there are furnaces with a capacity of 15.000
tons.
r -j,,. , , Tons.
in itfto tho production was   .. 031000
TS I ffeJ Pro$ucfj°n was ::iMm
T production yas 1,900.000
in 18(0 the production (estimated.) '2,250,000
Brora the number of mines being opened!,
from the enlargement of the furnace capacity
ixi various States, irom the great demand and
the interest which is everywhere taken in this
important branch of induslry, we nifty safely
conclude, unless the unwise recommendations
of Commissioner Wells and his foreign free-
trade allies arc adopted, which would be ruin-
ous in the extreme, that the pig-iron manufue-
will in a few years double the present
yield, great as it may now seem. A belter
policy than that of Mr. Wells would continue
the present duty on pig and scrap iron. Jus-
tice to tho men who have invested millions of
capital in the belief that 110 reduction of duties
would bo made by Congress for the benefit of
foreign rivals, and who arc now beginning to
suffer from the competition of tho foreign pro-
duct by reason of the decline in gold ; justice
to an interest that is assuming such vast extent
and importance, promoting the construction
of thousands of miles of railroad and adding
so much to tlio wealth of tho country, requires
that tho tariff 011 fhose articles shall not bo
lessened. Any reduction will seriously affect
this great interest; an abolition, or Mr. Wells's
proposed rates, would prostrate and ruin (I10
business. Surely, it must bo a matter of pride
to us all that we are nearly able to supply home
demand with the product of our own mines
and hands, and I for one will greatly rejoice
when, instead of importing from England at
the expense of our industry and gold, which
should be kept at homo, 132,485 tons of pig
iron and 300,446 tons of iron rails annually,
as wc did in 1809, we shall be entirely inde-
pendent in this respect, producing all that our
great wants shall require. To obtain that re-
suit, as well as Mr. Wells's great desideratum,
cheap iron, we should "let well enough alone,"
and American energy and competition will soon
produce both results.
The steel manufacture has taken root and
flourished, in spite of the fraudulent invoices
of importers, until we produce two thirds of
alHhe stool used in this country.
tn rails tiie production has increased from
87,000 tons in 1853, to 580,000 in 1860. This
is but nominal compared with the certain ad-
ditional productions of the next sixteen years.
Fifty thousand tons ofsteelrailsare estimated to
have been laid during 1809, of which 35,000 tons
were foreign and 15,000 tons of American man- j
uf&cture. We have now in operation four man-
ufactories of steel rails, and another nearly
completed, with a total annual capacity of
80,000 tons. That 150,000 tons of steel rails
will be laid before 1872 is probable, and that
every ton of this amount should be of Ameri-
can manufacture is not only eminently desir-
?i v1''.'possible. Thus it will be seen
that the iron interest keeps pace with, though
not likely to exceed, the demand consequent
upon the growth and population of our country
or the development of our resources.
Under the present duty the copper produc-
tion has increased from an inconsiderable
amount to 28,000,000 pounds in 1809.
iri e''P 'ast year amounted to
1 oO,000,000 pounds, 52,000,000 poundsmore
than that of 1852, The growth of our wool
trade depends upon th e protection afforded both
the wool-raiser and tho woolen-manufacturer,
i he former is secured against the cheap wool of
oouth America,with which he cannot compete
on equal terms, and is furnished n market by
the encouragement given the latter, under which
it has become an interest of great importance,
giving employment to many thonsandsof labor-
ers, and adding largely to the independence I
and wealth of the country.
Iho demand forwool occasioned by the war
and the consequent failure of tho cotton sup-
ply induced a large production of woolthrough-
out the world. When peace returned arid cot-
ton-raising was resumed in tho United States,
its culture having also been successfully estab-
lished meanwhile 111 India, tho wool trad owns
driven back into its regular channols, and the
supply was found to bo far beyond the necessities
of the market. The surplus of other countries
was thrown upon us, our supply being already
equal if not in excess of tho demand, having
the effect to force down the prices of homo
wools, in spite of tho premium 011 gold. This
is the true explanation of the decline in prices,
and Mr. Wells's sophistry cannot make tho
intelligent American wool-growers believe any-
thing else. All his talk about tho present duty
on wool having " reduced tho price of the do-
mestic articlo," decreased tho number of sheep
by millions, and paralyzed the woolen manu-
facture, cannot prevent our thinking, practical
farmers from understanding that the protec-
tion afforded wool-growing is the only reason
why that interest has not been entirely pros-
trated since tho war. At the same time that
the Commissioner is urging tho reduction of
duty, on the grounds, as he claims, of tho in-
jury blindly inflicted on tho wool-grower, and
that tho "wools grown in this country can bo
produced at prices defying foreign competi-
tion," there comes from tho Argentine Itepub-
lic or its friends, the importers, the wailing
cry that our tariff, by stimulating homo pro-
duction and closing the market against foreign
wool, has almost utterly ruined the wool busi-
ness 111 that country; and with it comes an
appeal for tho reduction of our duty in behalf
of the South American grower. How this
statement and that of Mr. Wells agree I leave
for others to judge. If the present duty is con-
tinued, with the proposed increase 011 wool on
skins, to prevent deception and fraud, our
wool-raisers, with the growing market a wise
policy is securing, will be able to obtain a fail-
price for their products.
Even if the price of domestic manufactures
were increased to the consumer by protection,
which I by no means admit, in view of the
industry stimulated, the better wages paid, and
the better market afforded to the farmer, tho
country would still be the gainer. But the
eflcct is rather to cheapen than ouhance tho
prices of manufactured articles. Statistics
show that when the duty is increased the price
of the foreign article is reduced, so that it may
yet find sale in our markets. On tho other
hand the effect of a repeal of the duty is to give
and steadies the market, invites and produces
American competition, which decreases the
price of the domestic article. How any indus-
trial enterprise can become a monopoly in this
country under a general law is beyond com-
prehension. No monopoly can exist when the
field is open to all; and we know how readily
our far-sighted capitalists take advantage of
any ground where money is to be made.
The facts warrant these statements. In 1849
British iron sold for $40 per toil, while Ameri-
can iron of much more value was offered at $50.
After our furnaces and rolling-mills had been
prostrated by the tariff of 1846, and a grafrt
demand was creatcd by the extension of our
railroads, the demand for foreign iron revived,
and_ during the four years from 1851 to 1855
we imported annually over 1,000,000 tons, and
the price rose to $80 per ton. Pig iron, which
in the year 1866 commanded $47 per ton at
Pittsburg, by reason of the increased produc-
tion of the last four years having reduced prices
atan average of about $2 50 per ton per annum,
would now hardly command $36 on six months'
time, and the tendency is still downward.
From 1850 to 18G0 the price of steel was:
Per pound.
Common (iorman spring  G to 6}o
Wood   to 12e.
Common east  9 to He
Medium east 52 to 14c'
liest, ca.st and extra 15 In lie.
im.
Pes- -pound.
Spvtuu and common German  tii- to 8e
tiood German  10 to 12c'
oast g to 100'
iilcduimoast  11 to l'ie
Dcst cast and extra to 17c!
Lesb Hum in 135<j.
Then the price was in gold, now in currency,
file best caststeel, English or American, costs
a cents pur pound less in gold than before the
war.
A late memorial to theSenate Finance Com-
mittee and the Committee of Ways and Means
"fth0 V the leading railroad
officials of tho country, states that—
"Immediately boforo the construction of tho first
stccl-rail manufactory in this country forojjin
makers charged $150 per ton (equal then to $225 cur-
rency) for steel rails. As American works were built
toreign skilled labor introduced, home labor in-
structed. and domestic irons, clays, Banister and spio-
Ret (alter many and expensive trials) found to nro-
iu,c,0°^0ll?,nt,ra"s' tho foreign anicio
* .i« gradual fy lowered until it now stands at loss than
VJ per ton in gold.'
      i-' — — • "uy JO wgiyc
the foreign capitalist the control of our market
and enable liim to fix his own rates. Thus the
object aimed at by such repeal, cheap goods,
is defeated, our own manufactures having been
crushed out by this foreign competition.' Pro-
tection gives an impetus to industry, enlarges
^ Under limglish monopoly steel rails were
t?lt>0 per ton in gold : under American com-
petition, $79 in gold ; difference, $71 per ton
saved to the railroads and the country by pro-
tection.
Copper sold at 26 cents per pound when the
.present duty was imposed; now it rates at 20
cents per ponnd.
In the manufacture of hardware, by reason
ot the superior quality, if not the cheapness of
our production we have gained complete con-
i ?ar 0m\ ma.rkets; and notwithstanding
we J ' Vii i° ln3Ported article, and as it
t l yA?r0Ve the a®ertion that the
duty io a tax to the consumer, we are lareelv
Suflag„l0he°rtorioZThS' °yen t0 Great
tmw'i? n,?bjeCti0niiKUl'?ed that the manufac-
turer is encouraged by the present tariff and
in?tPIf?0ST at the exPense of the agri-
culturist. I cannot so understand either. The
Manv of thpeceir° 3 !m'ge share of assistance.
Many ot them aro engaged in raisins wool
hemp, sugar, hy0 animals, apples, potatoes'
eaual°or °the.r attic^ ^ S
tooled tt A pr,oteotlml lkan iron, steel, or
dianX,/L ndo\tho. reciprocity treaty Cana-
dian wheat was obtained cheaper than west-
•I ' fld now'lf we did not protect the Amer-
y? tt™er fho rawes grain he would lose
northern sea-board.
About 7o per cent, of the hides usedin making
leatterare domestic, and these ara obtained
