1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5061
criticism this morning, that either the bonds
or the United States notes provided for in that
act were not to be redeemed in coin. On the
contrary, Mr. Speaker, while no one intimated
anything of the sort, I deemed it my duty to
say then in my place, in the presence, I believe,
of a full House—certainly of all the gentlemen
who participated on either side in the discus-
sion of the bill—that 1 would not vote for the
passage of that act of February, 1862, unless
it were understood by us all that it bound the
American people to redeem the United States
notes in coin. Sir, no man intimated that we
were not obliged by the terms of the act to
do it. Why, sir, in that debate in 1862, Mr.
Stevens, whose words uttered years afterward
have been quoted by gentlemen, spoke, on the
5th of February, 1862, when the legal-tender
and five-twenty bill was under discussion, as
follows:
" This money [legal tender] would soon lodge in
large quantities with the capitalists in banks."
3 * * * " Where could they invest it? In
United Stales loans at six per cent, redeemable in
gold in twenty years, the best and most valuable per-
manentinvestment that could be devised." * *
* * "Let me reiterate the various projects;
ours proposes United States notes, secured at the
end of twenty years, to be paid m coin." * *
* " "No better investment, in my judgment,
can bo had, no better currency can be invented."
Thus spake Mr. Stevens on the 5th day of
February, 1862. (Congressional Globe,volume
forty-six, parti, page 688, Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress, second session.) Yet we have had here
this morning a profound criticism on the pro-
viso of the first section of the act of February,
1862, that we are not to redeem the five-twenty
bonds of the United States in coin, with an
intimation to us that logically the gentleman
arrives at the conclusion that we aie never
bound to redeem the legal-tender notes in
coin; in other words, that they shall redeem
themselves.
Mr. Speaker, there is another provision of
this law of February, 1862, which is constantly
ignored by these gentlemen who attempt this
forced construction of it. If they turn to the
next page of the act of 1862, which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward]
thought it worth while to ignore, they will find
that provision is expressly made in the text of
the act for the redemption, both of the bonds
and of the notes, in coin. Why is not this
provision referred to when the attempt is made
to impress upon the people the belief that we
are not keeping faith with them and maintain-
ing the nation's faith as well; that we are legis-
lating here in the interest of bondholders?
Section five of the act of February 25,1862—
the very act which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woodward] himself undertook
to construe—expressly provides:
" That all duties on imported goods shall bo paid
in coin or in notes payable on demand, heretofore
authorized to be issued, and by law receivable in
payment of public debts; and tho interest so paid
j hall be set opart as a special lund, and shall be
applied as follows: . . . ,
"First, to the payment m com of the interest on
the bonds and notes of the United States.
" Second, to tho purchase or payment of one per
cent of the entire debt of the United fetates, to be
made within each fiscal year after the 1st day of
,lulv. 18G2, which is to be set apart as a sinking tund;
and the interest of which shall, m like manner be
applied to the purchase or payment of the public
debt as the Secretary of the Treasury shall irom
time to time direct."
The demand notes were coin notes, and
never from that day to this were beiOW par in
gold. This fund is to be applied_ to the pay-
ment in coin of the entire debt of the United
States. Will gentlemen undertake to say legal-
tender notes are not a part of the entire debt,
or that the bonds of the United States are
not a part of the entire debt of the United
States thus to be paid in coin ? .
1 Here the hammer fell.]
Mr HOAR. Mr. Speaker, it seems to me
that this debate, as tar as it has progressed
mi this bill, is calculated to excite not only the
decision of mankind, but to excite the con-
temptuous surprise of posterity. Here are
the Representatives of the nation, who will
not even try to pay its promises payable on
demand; but who, ou the contrary, are taking
measures to increase those non-payable prom-
ises, debating and disputing with one another
in regard to the theories of their obligations
to pay the debts which are to mature five or
ten or twenty years hereafter.
1 Mr. Speaker, every "greenback" presented
I at the United States Treasury which does not
\ bring the gold in exchange on demand occa-
sions an act of repudiation on tho part of this
Government just as much as a refusal to pay,
| when due, five-twentyorten-fortybonds. When
those "greenbacks" were issued they were
like other promises payable on demand, the
understanding being that they should be re-
deemed as soon as the necessities of the war!
would allow. The policy of a large majority
of those present, members of both parties, j
seems now to be that we will not redeem themf
until some fancied necessity or convenience of."
business will allow. I say that is not the under-|
standing of the people. The understanding of v
the Government when those "greenbacks"
were issued was that as soon as the national
peril had passed by the coin should be paid as
an equivalent for these promises. In pursuing
this policy of inflation and this poliey of repu-
diation of demand notes this Government is
fpursuing the dangerous policy which European j
JStates have pursued to their bitter sorrow, and!
jhave long since outgrown and discarded.
* Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, I can see no
objection to the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
On the contrary, I think we ought to adopt it;
but I do not believe the amendment will have
the effect he predicts lor it, to wit, the pre-
vention of the execution of this bill. The only
effect this amendment can have on the bill will
be to prevent the Secretary of the Treasury from
buying any of our obligations in coin bearing
six per cent, interest until the bonds provided
for in this bill can be sold at par in coin. In
other words, he will not be allowed to use the
present coin in the Treasury to pay off any of
these five-twenty bonds until the bonds pro-
vided for in this bill can be sold at par. I do
not believe the Secretary of the Treasury ought
to be permitted so to use the coin to pay off
these bonds at par, and especially should he
not be permitted to do so when these bonds
are not worth par in coin. I should not legis-
late so as to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to use the coin of the Treasury to buy
these bonds at par when he is to-day buying
them in open market at less than par. There-
fore, that is one effect of the amendment.
Another effect of the amendment is that the
coin in the Treasury cannot be used to pay off
any but those which have matared. It can be
used to pay the bonds of 1867 and the other
five-twenty bonds after they have matured.
It seems to me this provision ought to be
adopted, if for no other reason, because it is a
renewal of the pledge we have already made
at the earliest practicable moment to redeem
the demand paper of the Government in coin.
Therefore, I am for the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. I can see no harm
that it will do. It will not in any way interfere
with the negotiation of these bonds, because
this bill itself provides that these four per cent,
bonds shall only be sold for coin at their par
value. It these four per cent, bonds are worth
par value in coin, then, by the piovisions of
this bill, these five-twenty bonds which have
matured will be paid olf in coin.
Mr. FERltY. Does the gentleman say that
the live-twenty bonds are due or redeemable 1
Mr. ALLISON. They are redeemable when
they are matured, at the option of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. FERRY. That is diS'erent from their
being due.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose an amendment
to the amendment, to strike out the last word.
I think my colleague on tho committee [Mr.
Aijjsos] is not so friendly to the bill as his
eight colleagues besides.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know why the
chairman of the committee should say that.
Mr. SCHENCK.. I think the gentleman
has said the most that can be said in favor of
this amendment when he has said that it can
do no harm—though I do not go with hi in
even that far, because I think that to cumber
up an act with useless verbiage always does it
harm, because it leaves it open for dispute as
to its meaning ; it leaves it open for questions
as to construction. And I do aver that, ac-
cording to my understanding of this matter,
to take this latter clause of the act of 1869 and
attach it to this section of the bill now under
consideration, is merely placing there verbiage,
language which had a meaning in its original
connection, but language which, construed in
connection with this bill, will provide for noth-
ing, will accomplish nothing, will make no
change in the effect of the bill itself.
The gentleman from Massachusetts .[Mr.
Butler] in offering liis amendment dwelt very
much upon one portion of the clause in the
act of 1800, but rather ignored the existence
of another and alternative clause. Let me
read the whole of it:
"Bat none of said interest-bearing obligations
not already duo shall be redeemed or paid before
maturity, unless at such time United States notes
shall be convertible into coin at the option of the
holder, or"—
Here is an alternative. It is not "and,"
not that this condition shall attach and that
there shall be another condition in connection
with it; but here is an alternative condition—
"or unless at such time bonds of the United States
bearing a lower rate of interest than the bonds to be
redeemed can be sold at par in coin."
Now, the very object and intention of this
bill is to get upon your statute-book a law which
shall contain such provisions—and therein con-
sists the value, among other things, of the fifth
section, to which we shall come presently, as
one of the aids to that end—which shall con-
tain such provisions that bonds at a lower rate
of interest than those five-twenty bonds can be
sold at par for coin. Now, if this bill becomes
a law and goes into effect, by the sale of lour
per cents, at par for coin, then this provision
is redeemed, and there is no repudiation. If
this bill goes upon the statute-book and fails
because nobody buys the four per cents, at par,
there is no harm in it, and that is the whole
of it. The whole thing moves in a circle. You
put this provision on, which is not necessary,
provided the bill has any effect, and therefore
it ought not to be put, on; or you put this pro-
vision on and the bill does not have any effect,
and therefore there will be no necessity of hav-
ing any such provision.
In all the argument, I repeat, of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] he has
dwelt upon the first part, the first clause of
these two alternative conditions, and left out
of view the second, whereas each one stands
independently of the other, and a compliance
with either meets the obligation into which we
have entered on the part of the Government
toward the holders of the United States notes,
the legal tenders; and that last clause, that
last alternative being complied with, as it will
be if this bill goes into effect, this itself, its
going into effect, proves the want, of any neces-
sity to put this clause upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means one ques-
tion ; whether he is not mistaken as to this bill
not having any effect? I think it would have
just this effect: it would prevent the putting
in operation the machinery of this section so
speedily as it might, be set to work if these
words were not added, because it would be
necessary that the coin should be actually real-
ized and covered into the Treasury upon the
sale of these bonds before any notice had been
giveu to redeem the outstanding notes, and
that would require the bonds to lie three
months idle before it can be applied.
