1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1285
itspeople. The Senator denies in substance the [
riehtto protect aState government and to pre- j
vent its destruction. He savs that we have no
• iffht to use means in advance to prevent the
destruction of a State government. He also
denies that we have any right to set it up after it
has been destroyed. He denounceslour recon-
struction measures as unconstitutional, and
every step to restore a republican forni of gov-
ernment in those States as unconstitutional and
void. He denies the power in advance ; he
denies the power afterward. In other words,
he denies the existence of any power conferred
bv the* clause of the Constitution which has
been under consideration.
The Senator congratulates his State upon its
adherence to ancient landmarks. He says
they adhere to the life tenure of judges. I
think if experience and time have proved the
folly of any one thing in the Constitution of
the'United States it is the life tenure of judges.
But that is simply an illustration. We have
advanced in our views in regard to republican-
ism. Vire have advanced in our viewsin re-
gard to the construction of the Constitution of
the United States. The clause that is under
consideration has been considered more fully
in the last three or four years than ever before,
and we are now compelled to admit that this
clause does give to the Congress of the United
States the supervision over States to some ex-
tent, for some purpose. But the Senator does
not concede that it confers any power, that it
amounts to anything. He denies the power to
prevent destruction and the power to recon-
struct. What isthe provision thereof? What
does it mean? According to liis construction
it means nothing.
Now, Mr. President, this power was put
there for a purpose; and if it is exercised at
all it must be exercised by the use of meaTis.
When the governments of the rebel States
were overturned we used such means as we
thought proper to reconstruct, and one was to
bring to the polls a new class of voters. That
was the great instrumentality we resorted to ;
and if we should find, upon some other occa-
sion, that some other instrumentality might
be used for the same purpose, or to prevent
the destruction of a State government, we have
the same right to employ it that we had to
employ this instrumentality.
Sir, the construction given by my honorable
friend destroys that clause of the Constitution;
but I have no desire to go into the argument
further.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, in olden times
we had latitudinarian constructions of the Con-
stitution, in most of which I concurred ; but
the present day has given birth to a set of con-
structions that go a bow-shot beyond anything
that was heard of in old Federal times. The
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,]
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,]
and the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. How-
ard,] seem to be the extreme members and
propagandists of these new and extreme con-
structions of the Constitution. The honorable
Senator from Indiana who has just taken his
seat treats our Government as one of devel-
opment. His doctrine is that as the world
advances, as the science of government ad-
vances, or, in other words, as party politics
advance, so do the principles of the Govern-
ment of the United States change, and so the
scope of the language which defines its powers
is changed. I suppose that if the Democratic
party were in power, and were making the same
advances and claiming powers for the General
Government that the party now in power are
doing, the revelations and conclusions of my
honorable friend from Indiana would be entirely
different from what they are.
Now, sir, my understanding of the Constitu-
'iou is that it is the fundamental law of a Gov-
ernment, that it is a strict law ; and in giving
construction to that law by a court, or by Con-
gress, or by any other authority that has the
Junction to construe it, you must throw your-
self back to the time when the Constitution
was made; you must gather all the facts and
circumstances under which it was made and
the ends for which it was made, and you must '
reach the meaning of the language and phrases
used in the Constitution at the time as they [
were meant to express the sense intended and
understood by the framers of the Constitution,
and according to those lights you must give it I
interpretation. There is no other sound or ,
safe principle upon which the Constitution can |
be interpreted or construed; and that was the ;
opinion of Mr. Madison, from which I will
read ; and it was not only the opinion of Mr.
Madison, but of every enlightened judge and
jurist who has ever attempted to construe the
Constitution. Chief Justice Marshall and other
judges of the Supreme Court have repeatedly
announced it as one of the fundamental rules
of construction that you must take its language
in the sense in which it was intended to be used
and with the meaning that was understood by
the framers of the instrument itself. Mr. Mad-
ison, in a letter dated June 25, 1824, use3 this
language:
" With a view to this last object I entirely concur
in the propriety of resorting to the sense in which
the Constitution was accepted and ratified by the
nation. In that sense alone it is the legitimate Con-
stitution. And if that be not the guide in expound-
ing it, there can bo no security for a consistent and
stable, morethan forafaithful, exercise of its powers.
If the meaning of the text be sought in the change-
able meaning of the words composing it
Which is the position of the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana—
"it is evident that the shapo and attributes of the
Government must partake of the changes to which
the words and phrases of all living languages are con-
stantly subject. What a metamorphosis would be
produced in the code of law if all its ancient phrase-
ology were to be taken in its modern sense 1 And
that the language of our Constitution is already
undergoing interpretations unknown to its founders
will, I believe, appear to all unbiased inquirers into
the history of its origin and adoption. Not to look
further for an example, take the word 'consolidate,'
in theaddress of the Convention, prefixed to the Con-
stitution. It there and then meant to give strength
and solidity to the union of the States. In its cur-
rent and controversial application it means a de-
struction of the States by transfusing their powers
into the Government of the Union."
A stronger example to illustrate^ the good
sense and the necessity of the rule of construc-
tion which I have laid down, and which all
courts and all commentators upon the Consti-
I tution adopt as the true principle of construc-
tion, could not be presented than that adduced
by Mr. Madison in this letter. Iu the course
of my remarks I shall have occasion to refer to
this principle again.
It is not possible that the maladministra-
tion of the Government by the party in power
could have resulted from ignorance or excess
of patriotism ; for the whole world knows that
if the Democratic party had-been in power,
and had brought forward the identical meas-
ures which the Radicals have since the sup-
pression of the rebellion, the latter party would
have stood in unbroken opposition to them;
or jf a few stragglers had given in their adhe-
sion, they would have been moved thereto by
an irrepressible devotion to office, spoils, and
plunder. The theory and leading principles of
our mixed system of government were too well
understood,too simply and methodically organ-
ized, and too clearly and strongly enforced by
its founders in their contemporaneous expo-
sitions of it, to be misunderstood by intelligent
men who read them with an honest intention
to learn their truth. A purpose to subserve
theories, measures, and end3 condemned by
the Constitution is the fruitful origin of most
of its misconstructions.
Mr. President, every man in a state of nature
is a sovereign and has no law to control him
but his own will. When he and other men form
a society the natural and individual sover-
eignty of each is merged in the common sov-
ereignty of the community thus formed ; and
if one of the stipulations, express or implied,
be that the compact is to continue perpetually,
no member can rightfully withdraw from it
without the consent of the others.
If several such communities unite and form
a common one. the individual sovereignty of
each is merged in the new and general com-
munity. But. the parties may make terms and
conditions; they may invest the new commu-
nity with plenary and absolute sovereignty tor
the whole and every part of the general com-
munity ; or they may agree that as to specified
subjects and affairs there shall be one com-
munity and one sovereignty, and as to all
others each community should retain its own
distinct and exclusive sovereignty.
In every nation its sovereignty is the natural,
indestructible, and inalienable powerand right
of the people. That people may by their agree-
ment separate and thus form two nations, and
each one would have its entire and exclusive
sovereignty. Those two nations might again
unite, and by the terms of their union provide
that each should retain its separate national-
ity and sovereignty as to all subjects and af-
fairs,except so me specifically enumerated, as to
which they should form one nation with a com-
mon sovereignty. Political sovereignty is the
uncontrollable power to govern bylaw; and
this power by compacts of different peoples has
often been so partitioned that over some sub-
jects all this sovereignty rests with the entire
people of the nation; and over others with
difFerent subdivisions of that people, each sov-
ereignty being absolute and exclusive over its
appropriate subjects. _ Such an arrangement
in relation to sovereignty is always made by
consent and compact, and iu our country it was
by a compact of the nature and with the powers
of a Government so partitioned. A faithful
adherence to the terms agreed upon would
prevent all collision.
Before the formation of the Constitution
each State was " sovereign, free, and independ-
ent." They had entered into articles of con-
federation, by which they severally made " a
i firm league of friendship with each other,"
but in which " the sovereignty, freedom, and
independence of each State " were expressly
retained.
That instrument organized no government;
it was a mere compact, and embodied no sov-
ereignty. What powers it established were
confided to a Congress of delegates, to be
appointed by the States, each State to be rep-
resented by not less than two or more than
seven delegates, and to have but one vote.
Those articles wanted all the essential features
of a government. They neither organized nor
' established any executive or judicial depart-
1 ments or officers; and its Congress, consisting
of a single branch, had no power to enact laws,
but merely to offer its advice to the States,
without any authority whatever to enforce it.
It could not act legislatively, executively, or
judicially upon States, or persons, or things.
But experience, man's great teacher, had,
through much trouble, demonstrated to the
people of the States that they must have a
Union combining a Government, with all its
essential attributes and powers, to secure the
proper fruits of that independence and right
of self-government which they had achieved
through their long struggle. By the States
and their governments they had liberty and
self-government, to possess and enjoy which
steadily and permanently they must have
strength; but to secure that nothing was further
from their purpose than to give up liberty and
self-government. It was to preserve both that
| they combined a common Government ot dele-
gated and limited powers with their State or-
ganizations and governments, lhey lormea
this common Government, the law of its being
and operations, and of its relations with the
j States and their governments by a written con-
stitution, which they ordained to be the supreme
. law of the land, and which they made alike
inaceessible to the Government to be organized
' under it and the State governments. I hey
i provided, expressly and specially, for the au-
1 thority and manner of its amendment, and
neither addition to nor subtraction from it can
