1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
41st Cons....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Garjielcl.
Ho. or Reps.
December 31,1869, showing in the aggregate as fol-
lows: .
Iron and nails  85,637,790
To which add iron manufactured for other
parties out of the district, not included... 400,000
6,037,790
Machinery, engines, &e    166,629
Nuts, washers, and bolts  38,565
Castings, and stove and tin-ware  148,742
Nail-kegs  16,673
Manufactured lumber and oars  78,774
Carriages and wagons  48,586
Agricultural implements  23,980
Clothing  14,917
Boots and shoes  10,756
Leather .  24,555
Linseed-oil and oil-cake  127,568
Flax, tow, &c  121,073
Glass-ware  79,323
Earthenware  13,310
Newspapers and job-work  6,537
Furniture  19,876
6,977,854
To which and sales of cheese, as returned
from 51 cheesefactories, in operation and
sales all made in three quarters of the
year only  1,062,259
Total $8,040,113
This does not includo the sales of any of the small
manufacturers, whoso sales do not exceed $1,250 per
quarter, and consequently are not returned here for
taxation. It does not include any sales of cheese
except from factories, as no single farmer in this dis-
trict, so far as known, makes or sells in excess of the
exemption in a single quarter. *■ *■ * *
Very respectfully,
C. A. HARRINGTON, Assessor.
Hon. J. A. Garfield, m. 0-
WaslmiQUjtt, D. G.
But let me say, Mr. Chairman, I refuse to be
the advocate of any special interest as against
the general interests of the whole couutry.
Whatever may be the personal or political
consequences to myself, I shall try to act, first,
for the good of all, and, within that limitation,
for the industrial interests of the district which
I represent. But I desire to say to the com-
mittee, and particularly to my colleague, [Mr.
Schenck,] that if I can prevent it I shall not
submit to a considerable reduction of a few
leading articles in which my constituents are
deeply interested when many others of a sim-
ilar character are left untouched or the rate on
them increased.
I desire to call attention to the provision of
this bill which most concerns the manufac-
turers of my own district, and that is the duty
on pig iron. I believe there are about 445 iron
furnaces now in blast in the United States.
There are 19 in my district alone; there are 9
more in the district of my colleague, Judge
Ambler; and several more in an adjoining
district represented by my colleague, [Mr.
Upson.] These furnaces produce, on an aver-
age, about 7,000 tons of pig iron per annum,
and nearly all of them use raw bituminous coal
in reducing ores.
I believe that the first furnace in the United
States which reduced ore with raw bituminous
coal was established in Mahoning county, Ohio,
in 1846. From that time, year by year, with
some interruption, there has been an increase
in the number of furnaces. In the year 1850
the Lake Superior ore was brought down to the
Ohio coal region, and now there come down the
northern lakes, as has been shown by the gen-
tleman from Michigan, about 500,000 tons per
annum of Lake Superior ore; and more than
one fourth of the whole amount is every year
consumed in two counties of my congressional
district.
Now, this bill reduces the duty on pig iron
$2, which is 22J- per cent, less than the present
duty. If the House of Representatives thinks
that this ought to be done, and if I shall be con-
vinced that the public good requires it, I shall
not resist it. But the furnace-men of my dis-
trict say that this reduction ought not to be
made. They say that the Special Commis-
sioner of the Revenue has miscalculated the
cost of producing pig iron, and that the recom-
mendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means will be injurious to their interests.
When we reach the clauses of the bill relating
to iron I shall present to the House the esti-
mates aud facts which they have furnished me.
For the present, however, I desire to ask the
attention of my colleague [Mr. Schenck] to a
point in connection with the duty on pig iron.
In the paragraphs of the bill relating to iron I
find this provision:
On cast-iron steam, gas, or water pipes, li cent per
pound.
Now, I understand that, next to pig iron, the
cheapest form of cast-iron product in the Uni-
ted States is the article of large and heavy
water pipes, made of the poorest aud cheapest
iron, and costing, now, in the wholesale mar-
ket, from $50 to $60 a ton; not a third more
than pig iron. I find that the Committee of
Ways and Means, instead of reducing the duty
on this product, have raised it to If cent per
pound, which amounts to $89 20 per ton in
gold. Now, if the product itself is worth on an
average $55 a ton in currency, the proposed
rate will amount to 85 per cent, ad valorem ;
while on pig iron, a product of vastly more
importance, and involving the investment of an
enormous amount of capital, the duty is re-
duced from $9 to $7 per ton, a decrease of 22J
per cent. I ask my colleague whether he thinks
I ought, in justice to my constituents and to
this great interest, to permit the duty on pig
iron to be thus reduced, and allow this coarsest
and cheapest form of cast iron above pig to be
protected by duty six times as great.
The distinguished gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Allison,] a member of the Committee
of Ways and Means, has affirmed in his speech
that the duty on ninety sizes of iron is increased
by this bill, while there are less than ten sizes
on which it is reduced. If this is a bill to
increase generally the duties on iron, I shall
resist this decrease on the leading article man-
ufactured by my constituents.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will my colleague allow
me to interrupt him for a moment at that
point?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is but repeating what
I have already said to assure my colleague that
if he is dissatisfied with these rates he will have
every opportunity of moving to change the rates
when we come to those items, and that will
draw out the reasons pro and con for any
changes in the tariff upon the same.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly; I am
aware of that. But I desire to say in this con-
nection that I hold it to be the duty of this
committee, and particularly of members who
represent iron interests, to show us precisely
what this bill provides on this whole subject.
My colleague says that he will give us a chance
to offer amendments. I desire to say to him
that when the classification of a whole subject
has been changed it is not possible for any per-
son not an expert to say, without very careful
study, whether the rate has been increased or
decreased. The entire classification of some
subjects of this bill has been changed, aud so
changed that none but an expert can tell what
its effect will be. Now, I agree with the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means that it is a wise
policy to make a moderate reduction of some
of the existing rates of duty, and I am ready
to aid in such reductions; but I shall insist
upon fair dealing all around. If the duties on
the products of my constituents are to be re-
duced, I shall ask also that the duties on the
products of industries in other districts shall
likewise be reduced. If the article of salt,
represented here by the gentleman from Syra-
cuse, [Mr. McCarthy,] on which the internal
tax in 1860 amounted to $280,000 in his dis-
trict alone, but all of which has been removed,
and of course the producers benefited by just
that amount—if salt, I say, is to be left un-
touched, then I shall insist that some greater
interests shall be left untouched also. The
reduction proposed should be made in some
equitable way, in order that relative justice
may be done.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not desire to be
misunderstood. The points I have made in
regard to special interests in my own district I
do not make in any narrow and sectional spirit
nor for the sake of being heard in ray own dis-
trict. After studying the whole subject as
carefully as I am able I am firmly of the opin-
ion that the wisest thing that the protectionists
in this House can do is to unite in a moderate
reduction of duties on imported articles. He
is not a faithful Representative who merely
votes for the highest rate proposed in order
to show on the record that be voted for the
highest figure and is therefore a sound protec-
tionist. He is the wisest man who sees the
tides and currents of public opinion, and uses
his best efforts to protect the industry of the
people against sudden collapses and sudden
changes. Now, if I do not misunderstand
the signs of the times, unless we do this our-
selves, prudently and wisely, we shall before
long be compelled to submit to a violent
reduction made rudely and without discrim-
ination, which will shock if not shatter all our
protected industries.
There have been few occasions when Con-
gress and the couutry had more need than now
of studying the lessons taught by the history of
past legislation. I therefore ask the indul-
gence of the committee for a few moments
while I review the history of our tariff legisla-
tion. As I read that history the warning is
repeated again and again to avoid extremes of
legislation on this subject.
The second act of the First Congress was
what has been called " the Hamilton tariff of
1789," aud continued in force, with some addi-
tions and modifications, for twenty-five years.
During that period the average rate of duty on
imported goods did not exceed 15 per cent.
The war of 1812 greatly crippled our com-
merce, and proved the necessity of a more
independent system of home manufactures.
The public debt, which in 1815reached $120,-
000,000, required an unusually large revenue,
and at the meeting of Congress in December,
1815, Mr. Madison recommended an increased
duty on imports, not only for the sake of rev-
enue, but also for the protection and mainte-
nance of our manufacturing industry, which
had received a powerful impulse during t.he
latter part of the war. He expressed the be-
lief that our manufacturing industry, "with a
protection not more than is due to the enter-
prising citizen whose interests are at stake,
would become at an early day not only safe
from occasional competition from abroad, but
a source of domestic wealth and even of ex-
ternal commerce."
During that session "the Calhoun tariff of
1816 " was passed, which may be said to mark
the beginning of discriminating protection.
The bill was sustained by the South, but op-
posed by New England ; it being claimed on
the one hand that it would utilize the cotton
crop of the South, and on the other that it
would injure the commerce and fisheries of
New England. The tariff of 1816 lasted for
eight years, producing revenue from 20 to 35
per cent, of the importations, the average rate
being about 25 per cent.
The year 1824 marked the era of what may
be called "the Clay tariff," which passed the
House by five majority and the Senate by three.
This bill, also, encountered its heaviest oppo-
sition from New England, Massachusetts and
New Hampshire together casting 23 votes
against and only 3 for it.
In this tariff •' the American system." a? Mr.
Clay named it, found its first complete embod-
I iment. The duties imposed by it ranged from
I 34} to 41 per cent. When it had been in oper-
