5062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman agrees
with me, then, that if the amendment has any
effect at all it is simply deleterious.
Mr. DAVIS. I do agree to the gentleman's
argument ujion the question, and I agree that
the result of the amendment will be a delete-
rieus one.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out the last word. I
desire the attention of the House to the exact
state of the question. I am a little surprised
at the argument of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Davis.] He says that his objec-
tion is, that in order to keep faith with the
people—that we will not pay the five-twenty
bonds with gold at par until our greenbacks are
at par—that being our faith, in order not
to keep faith with them we should look to the
paltry consideration whether we shall lose in
gold the three month's interest; that is all.
Let mo call the attention of the House to the
fifth section. It provides that all the gold in the
United States may be brought into the Treas-
ury of the United States, and gold certificates
issued for it, and then seventy-five per cent, of
all that gold used in buying up United States
five-twenties at par. That is the provision of
the fifth section of this bill, and wh oily inde-
pendent of the question of selling the four per
cent, bonds. Let me repeat it, because I do
not want the Republican party to put them-
selves in this position just before the election
comes on, and they shall not do it without
understanding the question, so far, at least, as
I am concerned. This bill provides that every
man in the United States may bring his gold in
the Treasury, and then that the Secretary of
the Treasury may use seventy-five per cent, of
it in buying up at par five-twenty bonds. In
the mean time our greenbacks may be ten, or
fifteen, or thirty, or forty per cent, below par.
And there will immediately be a greater differ-
encebetween them and par when you give pre-
cedence to the five-twenty bonds,
The difficulty about this matteristhis, in my
judgment: that it was put in as a "fly'' in the
act of March 18, 1809. It was not intended
to mean anything there, but the people have
accepted it to mean something and have dealt
with it as meaning something, and they will
enforce it as meaning something. They will
not allow you to borrow all the gold in the
country and pay off the five-twenty creditors,
and then not pay them in gold, and whoever
expects to go before the people on that ques-
tion had better look to his standing and see
"whereof he is affirming." It is with a view
that the party may not have to meet that argu-
ment on every side that I have introduced this
amendment.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. G-arfihu)] asked
me just now — if I may refer to a private
conversation—why should we put this in the
bill; because, he said, it is simply a reeuact-
lnent of that which is the law now? I answer,
because we are providing now for a now law
by which the five-twenties shall be paid in coin,
and it repeals pro ianlo the act of March 18,
1869. That is the reason ; because wo say in
this bill, in two different sections, that when-
ever the Treasury has coin in it the Secretary
is authorized to pay any class of five-twenty
bonds in coin. Very well. Now, without the
restriction upon it that we shall not pay the
five-twenties in coin until your greenbacks are
at par, where are the greenbacks? Where are
the men who were so anxious a year ago for
specie payments? Where are the gentlemen
who were hounding down every man who did
not agree with them ? Where are they who
talked so much about repudiation? Are these
the gentlemen who undertake to pay oar long
debt in coin and not to pay our greenbacks ?
Mr. BENTON. Does the gentleman think
the g reenbacks should be paid in gold?
Mr. BO 1 LER, of Massachusetts. Certainly
Ldo, whenever we get ready and are able to
do so. Is there anybody here who is ready
to do it beiuse that? It there is, him have I
offended. But I will tell you what I am not
in favor of. I am not in favor of redeeming
the five-twenties in gold before they are due,
and before we redeem the greenbacks.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that all debate on
this section be closed.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Oh, no; let us discuss
this amendment a little more. I hope my col-
league will allow me a few minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has already wandered into the fifth
section, and we can have the discussion on this
subject on that section.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Oh, let me say some-
thing now.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well. Then I move
that all debate shall close in ten minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE. It seems to me that the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is not very well
understood by the House. It is, in my judg-
ment, the most important amendment yet
offered to this bill, and if it shall prevail it will
practically defeat the operation of the fifth
section of the bill. I call the attention of the
House particularly to that, because the fifth
section is one of the most important provisions
in the bill, and one without which this bill can-
not be carried into practical operation within
any reasonable period of time.
Now, sir, let me state to the House what is
the condition of this question. On the 18th
of March, 1809, the President of the United
States approved an act to strengthen the public
credit. That act provided that none of the
five-twenty bonds, in fact that none of the
bonds of the United States, should bo paid,
unless at the time they were so paid green-
backs were redeemed by the Government atpar
in coin ; or unless bonds bearing a less rate of
interest than those to be paid could be sold for
gold at par. In other words, there were two
conditions under the operation of that law
upon which it might be lawful to pay off the
outstanding bonds of the Government. The bill
now before us proposes to add another condi-
tion, a third contingency, upon which the out-
standing bonds of the Government may be paid.
That is contained in section five of this bill,
which provides that whenever the Government
may borrow gold at an annual interest of
three per cent., for which there shall be issued
certificates of deposit, in that event and upon
that contingency, that the Government may,
with the gold so borrowed, and to an equal
amount pay off the outstanding bonds of the
Government, whether greenbacks are being
redeemed in gold or not, and whether or not
bonds having a less rate of interest can be
sold at par for gold. Now, if the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Bctlkr,] shall be adopted it will entirely defeat
this fifth section of this bill.
This section ought to stand as it is. It is the
right of the Government, as it is of every cred-
itor, to pay its debts at the time stipulated in
the bond. All the five-twenty bonds are re-
deemable at the end of five years from date,
and payable twenty years from date ; that is,
it is by the terms of the bonds and the law under
which they were issued the right of the Gov-
ernment, at its option, to make payment at any
time after live years from the date of the bonds.
And the creditors or bondholders will have no
right to object, no matter where or how the
Government obtains the coin with which to
make payment.
Now, for one, I am in no haste to pay off or
to redeem our greenbacks in gold. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mf. IIoar] has
told us that when the greenbacks were issued
it was understood by the people that we would
redeem them in gold when the war was over.
Sir, there is no such pledge as that in the law
which authorized their issue. That law conferred
three characteristics upon greenbacks ; first,
they are a legal tender in payment of all debts
except duties and interest on the Government
bonds; secondly, they are receivable in pay-
ment of all public dues except customs, and,
thirdly, at the time the first greenbacks were
issued they were made convertible into bonds.
That last quality of convertibility into bonds
has been taken away by lapse of the time within
which they were to be converted ; but the law
still leaves greenbacks receivable in payment
of public dues and a legal tender in payment
of all debts. But there never was any provision
of law fixingthetime, orpretending to determ-
ine when the Government of the United States
shall redeem greenbacks in gold. That was
purposely left by the law to the good faith of
the Government in view of its own ability and
interests and the interests and convenience of
the people.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I will.
Mr. HOAR. I would ask the gentleman
whether greenbacks contain any contract what-
ever.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Yes, sir; they contain
a contract by which the Government of the
United States promises to pay for every dollar
of them a dollar in coin.
Mr. HOAR. When?
Mr. LAWRENCE. When they were issued
to the people there was no time fixed. The
time was to be fixed with reference to the com-
meicial iuteiests of the country, with reference
to all classes of people, the debtors as well as
the creditors, if we were now to attempt to
force the redemption of all our greenbacks in
coin the effect would be to increase the burden of
every debt owed by the debtors of the country.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman yield for
another question ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Very well.
Mr. HOAR. Do not these greenbacks con-
tain a promise of payment on demand?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Ontbefaceof'thegreen-
backs they are a promise to pay on demand.
But every man knows very well that the green-
back is to be interpreted in view of the law
under which it was issued. The law in fact is
a part of the coutract, and in the laws by virtue
of which they were issued there was no time
fixed for their payment, and these laws give
effect to the meaning of the words "on de-
mand;" that is, they are payable when provis-
ion may be made for that purpose, and the
law very properly left this to be determined in
the future and with reference to the business
necessities of the Government and people.
Mr. BLAIR. The words "on demand" are
not upon the face of the greenback at all; it
is "the United States will pay to bearer " so
and so.
Mr. LAWRENCE. T am corrected by the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Bi.Ata.'J The
words "on demand" are not on the face of
the greenbacks. The promise is contained in
the words "the United States will pay;" that
is all there is of it. And they will pay when-
ever we can do so, and whenever it would be
just to the debtors of the country for us to do
so, and whenever the interests of the country
require it; and we will not do it before.
1 am in no haste about it; we are approach-
ing specie payments now fast enough, and too
fast for the interest of the countiy. I have
heard it said that greenbacks are an irredeem-
able currency. They are not now redeemed
in coin, but they will be in the future. They
are, however, redeemed by the Government
by being received in payment of taxes and
public dues. The resumption of specie pay-
ments cannot come by law; it must come as
the result of commercial causes. When we
export more than we import, and keep at home
the coin we produce, specie payments will fol-
low. 1 have no disposition to attempt to hasten
it by law, which can only result in failure, pro-
ducing new disasters. When the five-twenty
bonds are funded, if the courts of the country
will sustain the constitutional power of Con-
