2230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
and may be regarded as purely the product of
the American system. The great American
cotton crop is the result of protection. The
American sugar agriculture has received full
encouragement for years; the same with the
tobacco crop. American wool-growing, in
which so many thousands of our farmers are
engaged, is protected against foreign competi-
tion by a fair duty, while the industry on which
it depends for a market has been built up
wholly and solely by protection, without which
wool-growers would have no homo market at
all. This encouragement has given us com-
plete possession of the market for common
wools, and has settled the question that we are
entirely competent to raise a full supply of all
the fine grades of wool. Fully one third the
revenue from imports is derived from articles
coming into competition with some product
of the American farmer. This fact is of course
kept out of view by the deceptive free trader
when he talks of monopolies that are bleeding
the agriculturists, but is true, nevertheless, and
should be considered by the tillers of the soil.
In this country the interests of agriculture
and manufactures never oppose, butalways sus-
tain each other. Manufactures cannot thrive
and increase without stimulating and benefit-
ing, while their depression seriously affccts the
agricultural interest. By the growth of man-
ufactures the farmer is benefited in being fur-
nished with a market for the surplus products
of his fields.
" Plant the manufacturer by the side of the
larmer," said Jefferson; and this was the policy
of the men who made the Government. Ben-
jamin Franklin wrote homo from London in
177J, while Great Britain was systematically
repressing our manufactures, the following:
"Every manufacture encouraged in our country
makes part ot a market lor provisions ivilhin our-
solves, and i<avcs so mu'-li money to tho country as
must otherwise bo exported to pay l'or tho manufac-
tures it supplier, llcro in England it is well known
Understood that, wherever a manufacture is es-
tablished which omploysi a number of hands it raises
tlio valuo ot land in llio neighboring country all
around it. It seems, therefore, tho interest ot our
farmers una owner* of laml to encourage our young'
miinufaotnroi in preference to foreign ones."
livery workshop and manufactory creates a
demand for bread and meat which the Ameri-
can larmer supplies. Two thirds of every ton
of pig iron represents so mueh farm produce.
So of all manufactures in greater or less de-
gree. And a member of the British Parliament
was right when hi! declared in a recent, speech
in the House of Commons that England was
the greatest, exporter of agricultural products
in the world.
We need in reality more and larger manu-
facturing towns and more mining population
to make a home market for our cereals. The
people ol lhe West are beginning to under-
stand lllis matter, and when it is fully learned,
then Inrewell to the influence of the free-trade
league in that quarter, in spite of the state-
ments to the contrary, in spite of all the talk
of foreign markets for our cereals, the truth is
beginning to he appreciated that the home mar-
ket is tho only one that is reliable, and relia-
bihty it is well known enters largely into the
calculations of any business. The grain-pro-
ducing countries of Europe can undersell our
western fanners in the markets of Great Britain
and b ranee. They are doing so now, and yet
the eiy is beinp; raised that tho tariff has reduced
w?iP"C-ei °f gra,in flnd shouU1 be abolished.
U itluie:ther foreign norhomemarketthe farmer
would be in a sorry condition j plenty to sell,
nobody to buy. Cheap foreign goods are the
inducements offered; but with what shall they
be bought! It is a fine thing to buy where you
can buy cheapest; but when your seller declines
to receive your product in return, and your
purchase renders your neighbor, who would
have exchanged his product for yours, unable
to purchase your grain, the matter becomes
serious, and you are likely to ask yourself
whether you have been pursuing the correct
policy.
It is charged that the low price of wheat in
the W est is entirely due to the tariff. How ?
Why do our western friends, when assaulting
the tariff for injury to the farmer, always select
tho article of wheat as an example ? Why not
refer to corn, cattle, hogs, hay, and many other
articles that now command a fair price? Is
it unsafe to let the whole truth be known ? If
by over-production the price of corn should
be reduced, while, for opposite reasons, wheat
should advance, the latter article, as an exam-
ple for the free-trade argument, would be
abandoned, and the changes rung upon the
former. This kaleidoscopic style of argu-
mentH only equaled by that of Commissioner
Wells, whose Iieart one year ago was bleeding
for the laborer, who, as he stated, was com-
pelled to pay the farmer such exorbitant prices
for grain and beef because of the tariff, and
who now bewails the impending ruin of the
agriculturist, on account of this same policy
of protection securing remunerative wages to
labor.
How will the low price of wheat be remedied
by an abolition or reduction of duties? If we
have no market in Europe how will the farmer
bo benefited? Or, if considerable is exported,
as there was in 1869, under the present tariff,
will not the demand and price in tho European
market be entirely regulated by the European
supply, regardless of our tarifi'system? If there
was any European demand, and they sold us
nothing under the present tariff, there mightbe
some ground for tho charge; but how utterly
false does it appear when it is known that the
importations into this country amounted to
$399,402,418, in gold, in the first ten months
of 18(39, far the greater part of which was from
Europe. Their purchase of our jtroduce has
never dependedupon theirimportation into our
market, but upon entirely different causes. \Ve
possess a better market for our surplus to the
south of us, and in China and Japan, as sug-
gested by the President, which is far more re-
liable, andpossessestheadditional ad vautage to
us of enabling us to exchange our products for
articles in great demand; but not produced in
this country. Our gold is kept at home to en-
rich the country and pay off our debt, while our
surplus brings us the necessaries and luxuries
ol our southern and oriental neighbors.
1 well recollect that in I860, in central Illi-
nois, and within 200 miles of Chicago, corn
brought 8 cents a bushel delivered on the rail-
road. Was this duo to a protective tariff? Let
some gentlemen account for this price. Has
nut over-production something to do with the
price ol wheat, and does not this fact argue for
the encouragement of the mining, mechanical,
and manufacturing professions?
- " yca)'s sinco General Jackson asked the ques-
tion, What is the situation of tho agriculturist?
\\ here, as ho continued,4 lias tho American farmer
a. market for his surplus products ? Except for cotton
ho has neither a foreign nor a homo market. Does
not this clearly prove, when there is no market either
athomc or abroad, that there is too much labor em-
Poyed m agriculture, and that tho channels of labor
should ho multiplied? Common senso points out at
ouco the remedy. Draw from agrieulturo tho super-
abundant labor, employ it in mechanism and manu-
factures, thereby creating a homo market for your
breadstuffs and distributing labor to a inoro profit-
able account, and benefits t.o the country will result,
lake from agriculture in tho United States 500,000
men, women, and children, a.nd you at once give a
home market for more breadstuffs than all Europe
now furnishes. Wo have been toolong subject to the
policy of British merchants. It is time wo should
becomo a little more Americanized, and instead of
feeding tlio paupers and laborers of Europo feed our
own, or else, in a short time, by continuing our pres-
ent policy, we shall bo paupers ourselves, it is, there-
fore, my opinion that a careful tariff is much wanted
to pay our national debt and afford us tho means of
that defense within ourselves on which tho safety and
fiberty of our country depend, and last, though not
least, give a propor distribution to our labor, which
must prove ben eficial to thehappiness, independence,
and wealth of the community.'"
These words should be remembered, for they
have much applicability at the present time.
While the present tariff encourages industry it
also produces a large amount of revenue 
$1SO,000,000 annually. Money is required by
the Government, and this seems fo bring ii
and while it is charged that it goes into the
pockets of the manufacturers, the Secretary
of the Treasury reports that it has come into
his possession. If revenue is not obtained in
this way we will have to draw it directly from
the people ; and rest assured they will not ap-
preciate the advantage of the change of policy.
Taxes should be reduced, but let the reduction
be made where the people request, in our in-
ternal taxation and on the imported articles
that enter into every-day consumption, tea,
coffee, spices, and the like, and which are not
produced in this country. Here we differ with
the free-trade platform, which declares for
direct taxation, or that all revenue from im-
ports shall he levied on the principle of non-
protection, taxing articles not raised by us and
admitting free of duty everything similar to our
own productions, a system that adds to the price
of coffee and tea, and enriches the importers
of the East and the monopolists of Europe
at the expense of every branch of American
industry. Professor Perry, the apostle of free
trade, proposes to get up a national convention
and nominate a candidate for President in
1872 on that platform. Well, let it be done.
With General Grant on the platform laid down
by himself in his annual message we would
have the two systems fairly before the country,
and I, for one, would have no fears for the
result.
Mr. ASPER obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. MAYHAM, who asked and obtained
leave to have printed in the Globe some re-
marks which he had prepared on the tariff bill.
[They will appear in tho Appendix.]
Mr. GILF1LLAN. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, 10TC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under I he rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Robert J.
Breckinridge, of Lincoln county, Kentucky,
praying for relief from political disabilities.
Also, the petition of James M. Lilley, of
Staunton, Virginia, for the same purpose.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The memorial and
accompanying papers of George T. Worth -
ington, praying for allowance of additional
amount on a contract for supplying water to
camp Dennison, Ohio, in 1861.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin : The
petition of John B. Jungen and others, pray-
ing for the passage of a law requiring all taxes
on distilled spirits to be collected at tho dis-
tillery.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 28, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, I). D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Claims:
A bill (H. R. No. 689) for the relief of Hull
& Cozzens, and John Nayler & Co.;
A bill (II. R. No. 1611) for the relief of
1'riend A. Brainard;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 196) for the
relief of J. Edwards Clarke, and the heirs and
legal representatives of John T. Peabody,
deceased;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 206) for the
rebel of Joseph and Matthew M. Merriam, of
Hartford, Connecticut; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 209) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of War to audit and pay the
claim of Robert T. Kirkpjs,$ripJr, ft loyal citiy.en
of Tennessee.
