1286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
be made bj any other power or in any other
mode.
When this Constitution was adopted by the
people of the several States, they parted with
their separate sovereignty to the extent that
they confided it to the people of all the States
by the Constitution ; and the people of each
State combined the amount of sovereignty that
they thus gave up with the like amount of all
the other States, and this aggregate ceased to
be State and local, and formed their common
and national sovereignty. All the sovereignty
of each separate State that was not vested by
the Constitution in the people of all the States,
remained as rightfully and perfectly with the
people of the several States as it was before
the formation of that Constitution.
All governments have impliedly the principle
of perpetuity unless the contrary be expressed
in the compact by which they are formed; con-
sequently, when the people of several States
or nations form a common government, none
of them have a right to withdraw unless they
have stipulated for it. None of our States, or
their people, have the right to secede from the
perpetual Union and Government which they
formed by their adoption of the Constitution;
not only not having reserved that right, but
having expressly declared that they ordained
and established the Constitution for themselves
and their posterity.
The States and their people were not only
absolutely sovereign ana independent before
the formation of the Constitution of the United
States, but they had their separate govern-
ments, and, with one exception, formed by
written constitutions; and in all the powers of
government were classified into legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial, and substantially vested in
distinct magistrates. The State constitutions
and governments were the models upon which
the Constitution and Government of the U nited
States was formed, aud the men who made the
latter had previously made and inaugurated
the former. The Constitution of the United
States found the States and their governments
completely organized and in full operation,
and not only so left them, but to some extent
based the Government of the United States
upon them. United States Senators can be
chosen only by the Legislatures of the States,
and each is to have two. "If vacancies (in
the Senate) happen by resignation, or other-
wise, during the recess of the Legislature, of
any State, the Executive thereof may make
temporary appointments." "When vacan-
cies happen in the representation from any
State, the executive authority thereof shall
issue writs of election to fill such vacancies."
The Represent ativesin Congress shall be chosen
by electors having the "qualifications requi-
site for electors of the most numerous branch
of the State Legislatures." " Representa-
tives and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union, according to their
respective numbers." "No person shall be
a Senator who shall not, when elected, be an
inhabitant of that State for which he shall be
chosen.'' "The times, places, and manner of
holding elections for Senators and Represent-
atives shall be prescribed in each State by the
Legislature thereof, but the Congress may at
any time, by law, make or alter such regula-
tions, except as to the places of choosing Sen-
ators."
To the States are reserved the power of "the
appointment of the officers and the authority
of training the militia according to the disci-
pline prescribed by Congress." "Each State
sbail appoint, in such manner as the Legisla-
ture thereof may direct, a number of electors
equal to the whole number of Senators and
Representatives to which the State may bo
entitled in Congress." If no candidate fo* the
Presidency shall receive the votes of a majority
oi the presidential electors, "then from the
persons having the highest numbers, not ex-
ceeding three, on the list of those voted fok" as
President, the House of Representatives shall
choose immediately, by ballot, the President.
But in choosing the President the votes shall
be taken by States, the representation from
each State having one vote; a quorum for this
purpose shall consist of a member or members
from two thirds of the States; and a majority
of all the States shall be necessary to a choice."
It is thus seen how extensively the machinery
of the States and the State governments is
adopted by the Constitution, ana how necessary
is their action to the operations of the Govern-
ment of the United States. In fact, when
the Constitution had been adopted by the peo-
ple of the several States, the Government of
the United States could not have been put in
motion or its operations have been or be con-
tinued without the assistance of the State gov-
! ernments; and whenever that assistance is
withheld it will come to a dead-lock; but to no
extent have the States or their governments
borrowed.any of the distinctive machinery of
the Government of the United States, nor is
their existence or operations in any respect
dependent upon it. The States and their gov-
ernments are indispensable to the existence
and action of it, wnile they would continue
and move on undisturbed if it were to perish.
The whole matter of our present troubles is
comprehended in this proposition: what were
the legitimate consequences, under the Consti-
tution of the rebellion and its suppression ? If
they can be ascertained the action of the
Government of the United States ought to be
restricted to them, and that should be the solu-
tion of our difficulties.
There are some principles and definitions
bearing directly on this subject presented with
so much clearness and such force of truth in
the opinion of the Supreme Court, (Texas ®s.
White, 7 Wallace, 717,) that I will quote them:
"A State, in the ordinary sense of the Constitu-
tion, is a political community of free citizens, occu-
pying a territory of defined boundaries, and organ-
ized ander a government sanctioned and limited by
a written Constitution, and established by the con-
sent of the governed. It is the union of such States
under a common Constitution which forms the dis-
tinct and greater political unit which the Constitu-
tion designates as the United States, and makes of
the people and States which compose it one people
and one country.
"And we have already had occasion to remark at
this term that' the people of each State oompose a
State, having its own Government and endowed
with all the functions essential to separate exist-
ence;' and that 'without the States in union there
conld be no such political body as the United States.
(County of Lane e . The State of Oregon, supra, p. 78.)
Not only, therefore, can there be no loss of separate
and independent autonomy to the States through
their union under the Constitution, but it may be
not unreasonably said that the preservation of the
States and the maintenance of their Governments
are as much within the design and care of the Con-
stitution as the preservation of the Union and the
maintenance of thejiational Government. The Con-
stitution, in all its provisions, looks to an indestruct-
ible Union, composed of indestructible States.'
" When; therefore, Texas became one of the United
States, she entered into an indissoluble relation.
" The Union between Texas and the other States
was as complete, as perpetual, and as indissoluble
as the Union between the original States. Thjere
was no place for reconsideration except through
revolution or through the consent of the States.
" Considered, therefore, as transactions under the
Constitution, the ordinance of seeession adopted by
the convention and ratified by a majority of the cit-
izens of Texas, and all the acts of her Legislature
intended to give effect to that ordinance, were abso-
lutely null. They were utterly without operation of
law. The obligations of the State as a member of
the Union, and of overy citizen of the State as a
citizen of the United States, remained perfect and
unimpaired, it certainly follows that the State did
not cease to be a State, nor her citizens to be citizens
of the Union. If this were otherwise the State must
have becomo foreign and her citizens foreigners;
the war must have ceased to be a war for the sup-
pression of rebellion, and must have become a war
for conquest and subjugation."
This powerful summary of plain constitu-
tional principles by itself would and does ex-
plode the theory and every measure of the con-
gressional reconstruction of the rebel States ;
but the residue of the opinion embodies an
elaborate and subtle argument to sustain their
constitutionality, but upon different general i!
principles to what were relied npon by most jj
of the authors of those measures when they II
were passed. They assumed that the United
States had conquered those States, and had
thus overthrown them and their governments
and acquired all the rights which inure to one
nation when it has conquered another, and
thereby obtained the power to reconst rucr, their
governments. The eminent judge who wrote
the opinion rejects these premises, except as
to the destruction of the State governments •
and under the provision of the Constitution
which requires the United States to guaranty
to every State a republican form of govern-
ment finds authority both for the acts ot' Con-
gress and the steps taken by the President, in
the reconstruction of the rebel States. The
judge locates his theory within the Constitu-
tion, and by its principles endeavors to sustain
it; Congress bounds clear over the Constitu-
tion, and rushes wildly to the domain of war
and conquest, and to the rights and powers
which conquerors win by their swords for its
warrant. I think that both theories are in truth
unconstitutional and subversive of our system
of Government, and I will endeavor to prove it.
The suit of Texas vs. White was for certain
United States bonds claimed by the State. The
main questions in the case were the right of
the State to maintain the suit and to the bonds.
The opinion of the court decided both in favor
of the State, in my belief very properly, and
its judgment could be sustained by a short and
unanswerable argument. But the opinion is
given up largely to political disquisition, in
parts of which I concur, and from much of
which I dissent, consisting of positions and
arguments not material to the matters in issue,
or affecting essentially the conclusions and
judgment of the court upon them—obiter dicta,
which have no binding force on the bench from
which they were delivered, or any person, not
excepting the learned judge who pronounced
them. He knows his perfect freedom to reject
them whenever his reason becomes satisfied
that they are erroueous.
While 1 hold that neither the theory of Con-
gress or the learned judge receives any sanction
from the Constitution, a great many profess to
believe that both do; while others, though be-
lieving each to be unconstitutional, neverthe-
less support both. I will proceed to examine
them, and first that of the judge, who con-
tinues :
" The government and the citizens of the State,
refusing to recognize their constitutional obligations,
assumed the character of enemies, and incurred the
consequences of rebellion."
"These new relations imposed new duties on the
United States. The first was that of suppressing the
rebellion. Thenoxtwas that of reestablishing the
broken relations of the Statewith the Union. The
first having been performed, the next necessarily
engaged the attention of the national Government.'
The specious errors of the opinion begin in
those two paragraphs. I concede the duty of
t^e United States Government to suppress the
insurrection, and by force of arms; but I deny
that the consequences to the government and
citizens of a State involved in it were the same,
which is here generally, but distinctly enough
assumed. Any citizen who took part in the re-
bellion became guilty personally, forfeited his
life, and was subject to be executed for treason;
but the State government incurred no guilt,
and became subject to no forfeiture or punish-
ment. In the subsequent part of my remarks
I will enforce this position more at length.
It is assumed that upon the suppression of
the insurrection it was the duty, and conse-
quently within the power of the Government
of the United States alone to reestablish the
broken relations of the State with the Union.
Those relations were not at first established by
the national Government, nor by that of tne
State, but by the concurrent action of botn,
and it required the same concurrence of action
to reestablish them. It was the exclusive duty
of the Federal Government to maintain the
authority and execute all the laws of the United
States in the State, but it had no power what-
ever to require the State to choose and send
Senators and Representatives to Congress, or
