4118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
quently supplies the energy which is denied to
the infirmity of logic, can meet, much less
refute, this clear and vigorous statement in its
complete annihilation of this unnatural con-
struction. Although I consider it entirely un-
necessary, yet I may cite you to the opinion of
that illustrious jurist, Judge Story, in support
of these views, who, in his Commentaries, sec-
tion eleven hundred and forty, volume two,
admits that it would not be sound policy for
Congress to construct post roads. I read:
"It is said that there is no reason -why Congress
should be invested with such a power, seeing that
the State roads do furnish such routes for the mail.
When State roads do furnish such routes there cer-
tainly can be no sound policy in Congress making
other routes."
Will any one undertake to deny that the State
roads furnish ample and abundant facilities,
or are wanting in celerity, security, punctuality,
oruniformity in the transportation of the mails?
Any attempt to defend this bill under the au-
thority to " establish post roads" is a gross and
shameful perversion of its positive or inferen-
tial construction. It is inconsistent with the
genius of the Constitution and the spirit of our
institutions. It will bring into collision the
constitutional functions of the States and the
nation, and will involve a conflict of jurisdic-
tion and lead to litigation and discontent.
We now turn to the second ground upon
which this alarming and extraordinary power
is sought to be exercised—the general author-
ity of Congress " to regulate commerce among
the several States." Does the design of that
authority, as evinced in the history of the Con-
stitution, support this position? The Consti-
tution of the United States should, like that
of a State, be construed in such a manner as
will be most likely to fulfil! the intentions of
those who made it. The proper mode of
attaining that end is to consider, in a temper
of candor and patriotism, the letter, the spirit,
and the context; and if any difficulty or doubt
shall exist, to explore the objects, the history
of its adoption, and the analogies of judicial
and practical expositions of it. It should be
construed with a jealousy, as the charter of a
great public trust for the welfare of the people,
and for the maintenance of the harmony and
justice of the Union, and as the best safe-
guard, therefore, of liberty, peace, and security.
Guided by these principles we can find noth-
ing in the contemporaneous exposition of the
powers of the General Government to maintain
this branch of the alleged power. But they
conclusively show that the second provision
quoted looked simply to the establishment of
equality in commercial rights among the sev-
eral States and to prevent unjust and invidious
distinctions which might be attempted to be
imposed through the influence of conflicting
local interests. Even General Hamilton, in his
liberal and most latitudiuarian construction of
the Constitution, did not think that the general
power "to regulate commerce" was elastic
enough to be made to reach canals, the then
principal instrument of commerce. Certainly
if the "incidental power" could not be found
to construct canals there can be none to charter
or make railroads. Mr. Madison, in a letter to
Edward Livingston, in 1821, wrote :
" My impression with respect to the authority to
make them (canals) may be the stronger perhaps
(as 1 had occasion to remark as to the bank in its
original discussion) from my recollection that the
authority had been repeatedly proposed in the con-
vention and negatived, either as improper to be
vested m Congress or as a power not likely to be
yielded by the States."
It will thus be seen that the States were jeal-
ous of their rights, and only conferred on the
General Government those which could not
be exercised conveniently or wisely by them.
These powers were defined and restricted by
the terms of the frame of Government, and all
which were not so expressly granted "re-
mained with the several States," under their
separate constitutions and laws, in all their
original vigor and effect. The design of the
Constitution being to protect the people against
the Government, that is the agents of the people
to whom that powerwas pcriodicallyintrusted,
so that the written record should be a continual
protest against every possible assumption of
arbitrary authority.
But to return. The power to regulate com-
merce is not the power to carry it on. In
Gibbons vs. Ogden (9 Wheaton, page 196) the
Supreme Court said, "to regulate .commerce
is to prescribe the rule by which commerce is
to be governed." The distinction is clear and
unmistakable. This idea of the incidental
power of this provision was advanced in the
time of Mr. Monroe, and refuted by him in his
veto of the bill to extend the Cumberland road.
In the Wheeling bridge case, which is frequently
referred to by the friends of this " incidental
power," the majority of the court only decided
that the power to regulate commerce included
the power to determine what shall and what
shall not be deemed an obstruction of naviga-
tion. Mr. Justice McLean—dissenting from
some of the opinions of the court—said:
" So extravagant and absorbing a Federal power
as this rarely if ever has been claimed by any one.
It would, in a great degree, supersede the State gov-
ernments by the tremendous authority and patron-
age it would exercise. But if the power be found in
the Constitution, no principle is perceived by which
it can be practically restricted."
That is, if the Government has the right
assumed in this bill it can, without due com-
pensation, destroy the value of all the canals,
railroads, telegraphs, turnpikes, plank-roads,
and other public works constructed by the
States. It could construct, under the plea of
postal, military, or commercial necessity, a
canal parallel to the Brie canal, a railroad
parallel to the Pennsylvania Central, or a tele-
graph parallel to the Southwestern, which, with
their superior privileges and power, would soon
crush out all opposition.
To "regulate" is to adjust by rule or method,
to reduce to order. The thing to be regulated
must have form, substance, dimensions, before
the power to regulate can be exercised. But
here it is proposed to exercise a substantive
and distinct power, to enter upon the territory
of a State without the consent of its Legisla-
ture, to take its soil by the agency of corpor-
ations, and then to regulate, as a consequence,
the trade and commerce thus created; to create,
under the power to regulate, and then to regu-
late the thing created under the general power
to regulate commerce. It must strike the
simplest understanding as the most absurd
reasoning to sustain so grave a proposition.
Can it be supposed the men who framed our
Constitution, and guarded with such extreme
vigilance and caution the rights of the States,
would have left in the term "to regulate com-
merce " a wide door for the admission of such
vast, indefinite, and substantial powers which
would subjeot the territory of the States to the
occupancy, use, and appropriation at the will
of the General Government, to construct rival
works, destroying the value of all others; to
cut and disfigure the physical features of the
country without regard to State interests; to
su camon juries, condemn the lands, erect depots
wherever and however it may choose; to in-
corporate companies composed of'1 lobbyists,"
it may be, to go upon the lands of another and
make as many roads as they find profitable for
speculation? The assertion of such a power
i3 too monstrous to be found even in that in-
exhaustible fountain of congressional authority
recently discovered by a distinguished Senator
m the other end of the Capitol, the E pluribus
unum.
Sir, not a single case can be found maintain-
ing the power of Congress to construct a rail-
road in or through a State without its consent,
either express or implied ; nota'dictum even
from those eminent judicial officers who have
illustrated our jurisprudence laying down or
countenancing such a doctrine. In conclusion,
upon this power to "regulate commerce," I
desire to invite your attention to the opinion
of Mr. Madison, as expressed in his veto mes-
on the bank bonus bill March 3, 1817. He
says :
" The power to regulate eommereo among the sev-
eral States cannot include the power to construct
roads and canals, in order to facilitate, promote, and
secure sueh a commerce, without a latitude of con-
struction departing from the ordinary import of the
terms, strengthened by tho known inconveniences
which doubtless led to the grant of this remedial
power to Congress."
Congress is a body of limited power, holding
no authority whatever that is not derivative,
and incapable of exercising any legitimate
power except that which is strictly defined.
It has no inherent or incidental powers. The
grant is precise, and all not delegated is ex-
pressly prohibited. Therefore, sir, I hold that
Congress has no power, without the consent
of the State Legislature, to assert the right of
eminent domain, and thus rob a State of its
jurisdiction over its properly, its own soil. As
said by Mr. Jefferson in reference to the United
States Bank, it is a "distinct power of sover-
eignty," and was not intended to be given away.
This right has been universally regarded as
vested in the States, and except in the Terri-
tories, where the General Government owns
the soil, the title to land could not, according
to this received opinion, be acquired by the
Government even for forts, naval stations, or
other national purposes, except by purchase
with the consent of the State Legislatures.
The right of eminent domain is a part of the
sovereign power of a State. This principle is
declared in the case of Pollard's Lessee vs.
Hogan, 3 Howard's Reports, page 212, by the
Supreme Court of the United States. Under
this bill, however, the States which the road
traverses are not only compelled to submit to
the occupation of their soil without their eon-
sent, but are excluded from all participation
in deciding upon a matter closely interwoven
with their domestic organization and local
interests. Its officers and agents are author-
ized to—
" Enter upon, take possession of, and use all such
real estate and property as may be necessary for the
construction, maintenance, and operation of said
railway, and the accommodations requisite and
appertaining thereto."
If there should be disagreement as to the
valuation of such property so taken the owners
are turned over, in the redress of their griev-
ances, not to a jury of the vicinage, but to the
Federal courts, remote possibly in their loca-
tion, to be dealt with in a mode peculiarly
expensive and oppressive. It wrests from the
States all the jurisdiction which their own
courts should exclusively exercise over rights
and remedies affecting their lines of internal
improvements, whatever may be the amount
in dispute, the damage claimed, or whatever
may be the citizenship of the party or parties.
In a word, it transfers to the General Govern-
ment and the Federal courts that enormous
mass of jurisdiction, civil and criminal, at law
and in equity, over cases involving property,
liberty, and even life, which of necessity travels
with these great lines of intercommunication,
wherever they penetrate society; for by the
tenth section it provides that—•
If any suit or proceeding, either in law or equity,
or any criminal prosecution, shall be commenced in
any State court asainst the Xcv; York and Washing-
ton Railway Company, their successors or assigns,
or any person employed or authorized by them, and
the defendant shall at tho time of entering his ap-
pearance, or within thirty days thereafter, tilo a
petition for the removal of the cause for the trial ill
the next circuit court of the United States, it shall
then be the duty of the Shite court to accept the
security, and proceed no farther m tho causc or
prosecution.
Are we prepared to accept this most alarm-
ing encroachment upon rights fraught with all
that is valuable to the citizen and the State ?
How important when we thus contemplate the
tremendous scope embraced by the provisions
of this bill and its startling innovations to
recall the significant warning of that extraoY-
dinary man, Lord Bacon:
"It is good not to try experiments in States, ex-
cept the necessity be urgent ok tho utility evident;
