3174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
"That ho is original and first inventor of certain
valuable improvements in printing machines, which
improvements have been secured to him by lotters-
pn tent ol' the United State.?, bearing date the 24th day
of July, 1847.
" Tha t in the year 1861, beforo the expiration of the
original term of the said letters-patent, ho made
application in due form of law, and on cvidencethen
presentod to the honorable Commissioner of Patents,
who, after a full hearing, adjudged that your memo-
rialist had failed, without fault or neglect on his part,
to realizo an adequate remuneration for the value
of tho said invention to the public, and for the inge-
nuity .labor, and expense bestowed by your memorial-
ist in tho production and introduction of tho said
invention into public use and thereupon extended
the said letters-patent for the further term of ssven
years, which said extended term will expire on tho
24th day of July of the present year, 1868.
"And your memorialist further represents that
prior to hissaid invention there was no printing-press
capableof printing within the required timo any daily
newspaper of moro than twenty-live thousand copies,
and whenever an edition exceeded that number ol
copies it was necessary, at great expense, to set up two
or more forms of types to bo printed on separate
presses. That the rapidly increasing circulation of
manyofthepopularjournals demanded the invention
of some system of printing machinery radically differ-
ent from anything then known. That with the view
to meet this pressing demand many attempts had
been made to arrange the forms of type on rotary
cylinders, with a view to avoid the waste of time con-
sequent upon the reciprocating motion of flat forms
of type, but all such attempts had utterly failed.
This apparently forlorn task was finally undertaken
by your memorialist, who, after years of study and
experiment and at great expense, finally invented,
perfected, and successfully reduced to practice the
invention described in and secured by the said let-
ters-patent. That by means of the said invention
one machine will print and deliver eighteen thou-
sand impressions of the largest newspaper in circula-
tion in one hoar, so that but one form of types is now
required to print the entire edition of a daily paper
of the largest known circulation.
" And your memorialist further represents that the
manufacture of printing machinery of such magni-
tude unavoidably required a large expenditure in
the preparation of machinery for the construction
thereof, and the number of such machines is very
limited, as it is only; required for tho printing of
newspapers of large circulation. That the extended
term of the said patent granted by the honorable
Commissioner of Patents in the year 1861 unfortu-
nately occurred in the early part of the rebellion,
so that, by reason of the condition of the country
from that time to the present, the demand for such
printing machines has been very limited, and in
consequence your memorialist has failed to realize
the remuneration which in the year 1861 the honor-
able Commissioner of Patents, after careful investi-
gation on evidence produced, adjudged to be the just
due of your memorialist for the production of an
invention of so much value to the public."
On this statement of the case the memorialist asks
an extension of his patent for another term of seven
years.
1. There can be no doubt that ' the invention was
new and patentable when the patent was granted."
2. There can be no question that the invention
" belongs to a class of inventions requiring great skill
and forethought, and worthy of high reward when
successful."
3. Hds the memorialist received adequate remun-
eration for suph an invention ? The evidence before
the committee in reference to this point shows that
" the whole amount received for such machines in
the United States is the sum of $1,237,845 58, and that
the share of the memorialist in the profits is the sum
of $208,833 74, being three sevenths of the profits.
But the invention has also been patented in England,
and the memorialist admits the total amount of tho
share of the profits which he has received is about
$300,000.
Considering this case in the light of the usual ap-
plications for the extension of patents, the commit-
tee would have to decide that the profits aforesaid
should be regarded as afairand reasonable compen-
sation to the inventor, and would not feel authorized
to recommend another extension; but it is claimed
that this is not an ordinary ease, but that the inven-
tion is one of such value, and has conferred such
great benefits on mankind, as to justify an extraor-
dinary recognition of its merits, including something
. of honorary distinction as well as pecuniary advan-
tage to its author.
The memorialist has exhibited before the commit-
tee letters from nearly all of the printers and pub-
lishers of the United States nowusinghis invention,
together with letters from a large number of other
printers and publishers, somo two hundred in all,
commending his invention in the highest terms, and
expressing a willingness that the extension asked
for should be granted. Man/ of them strongly rec-
ommend and urge the extension. These letters are
printed in pamphlet form, a copy of which is here-
with filed as a part of this report.
The committee, therefore, submit to the Senate the
facts aforesaid, without any recommendation. If the
Senate should consider that the prayer of the peti-
tioner ought to be granted, then the committee reo-
ommend the passage of the accompanying bill.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, being some-
thing of a printer myself, I have paid a great
deal of attention to this subject. I know that
all the principal printers in the country have
recommended the renewal of this patent. I do
not think one printer in the whole United
States has objected to it. Mr. Hoe himself
began life as a mechanic. By his extraordi-
nary intelligence he has made himself a char-
acter which is known all over the world, priu-
' cipally through the value of this machine. I
saw him in Europe in the beginning of the war.
He was traveling there in the pursuit of his busi-
ness; but he devoted his time almost exclu-
sively to the interests of our country. He spent
' largo sums of money in England and upon the
Continent in getting societies and individuals
to create public opinion in favor of the North.
After my return home I found him here, still
acting in tho same way. He has now come
here with this appeal to Congress asking for a
1 renewal of his patent. To be sure, by our laws,
the invention of every citizen becomes the
: property of the public unless he is protected
by Taw. This invention of his has perhaps
: done more toward the spread of intelligence
Ij through the country than any other machine
| that has ever been invented. At the time he
invented his press I believe not more than
eighteen or twenty thousand copies of a paper
could be worked in the twenty-four hours.
Now, many of our newspapers have one hun-
dred thousand issues daily I believe, and some-
times more. They could not be issued at all
without some such machine as this. The great
argument in favor of this application, however,
is that everybody, so far as I know, interested
in the business of printing is desirous that this
patent shall be extended. It can do no harm
to anybody, and it will be not only doing an
act of justice to a deserving man, but it will be
giving a reward for a most valuable invention.
1 trust there will be no objection to the bill.
Mr. HOWELL. Let it go over; I want to
examine it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being ob-
jected to, the bill goes over.
GEORGETOWN AND HARPER'S FERRY RAILROAD.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (8. R. No. 172) directing the
survey of a route for a railroad on the west bank
of the Potomac river, from a point opposite
Georgetown to Harper's Ferry; which was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
authorizes the Secretary of War to detail a
competent officer of the engineer corps, to-
gether with such assistants as he may deem
proper and necessary, to make a survey of the
west bank of the Potomac river, from a point
opposite Georgetown, in the District of Colum-
bia, to Harper's Ferry, in the State of West
Virginia, and report on the feasibility of run-
ning a railroad along the bank of the river,
to be used for military purposes, if required;
and the expenses of the survey and report are
to be paid out of any money appropriated for
the engineer's department.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate withoutamendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
NINTH. CENSUS.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask the atten-
tion of the Senate to A privileged question. I
submit a report from a committee of conference.
The report was read, as follows :
The committee of conference appointed by the
Senate andHouae Of Representatives upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R.
No. 1595) to amend an act ontitled "An act providing
for the taking of the seventh and subsequent censuses
of the United States, and tofix the number of themem-
bers of the House of Representatives, and to provide
for their future apportionment among the several
States," approved May 23,1850, having met, after a
foil and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That tho Senate recede from its amendment to
the bill of the House and agree to the said Houso
bill, with the following amendment, namely:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
as follows:
- That th« time allowed for transmitting the said
oopy of the returns of the assistant marshals to the
Census Office is hereby further limited, so that the
returns of population, upon schedule numbered one,
in the act of May 23.1850, shall be sent to that office
on or before the 10th day of September pest, and the
complete returns upon all the schedules amu'seil to
and made part of thatnet, excepting upon the sched-
ule therein designated as number two, which schedule
is hereby revoked, canceled, and declared to oe no
longer apart of said act. shall he forwarded to tho
Consns Office beforo the 1st day of October toilowin -
Provided, That tho Secretary of the Interior shall bo
authorized to extend tho timo allowed for returns on
the schedules, otherthan thosoof population, in any
ease where it shall appear to hiin to be necessary •
Provided, further, That whenever, from tho loss 'or
destruction of returns, or from causes beyond tho
control of tho officers charged with tbo enumeration,
it shall be shown to be impracticable tocomply with
the requirements of this section, the Secretary of the
Interior is authorized to extend the time allowed
for rendering returns of population, not beyond tUe
1st day of October next.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the penalty
provided in the fifteenth section of said act of May
23,1850, shall apply to any refusal whatever to an-
swer cither of tho inquiries authorized by said act.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted. That each assist-
ant marshal or agent shall bo paid for making out
and returning complete copies of tho original census
returns, as required in the eleventh section of the act
to which this is a supplement, eight cents for each
page of tho two copies of the original census return*
required by the said rleventh section.
Sec. i. And beit further enacted, That the oath to be
taken by assistant marshals employed to take the
census shall be the oath required by the act of 1850,
of which this is an amendment.
And that the House of Representatives concur in
the same.
ROSCOE CONKLING.
MATT. II.CARPENTER,
T. F. BAYARD,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JAMES A. GARFIELD,
WILLIAM B. ALLISON,
S. S. COX,
Manager  on the part of the Home.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to ask the
honorable Senator who made this report what
schedule is referred to as No 1?
Mr. CONKLING. No. 1 is the schedule of
population ; No. 2, the schedule to be dropped,
is the slave schedule.
Mr. HARLAN. If I understood the read-
ing correctly, that return may be deferred until
October.
Mr. CONKLING. Everything is by law
now deferred until October except the popu-
lation return.
Mr. HARLAN. Does this report provide
an amendment 
Mr. CONKLING. This report, the honor-
able Senator will allow me to say, has no ef-
fect whatever in the particular now in his mind
except to hasten as much as possible the return
of population, to the end that should the two
Houses concur in an apportionment bill, ren-
dering it desirable to have the count of popu-
lation earlier than we would have it by the law
as it stands now, then the effect of this pro-
vision is to bring to the earliest date possible
the rendition of that retnrn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How early does this
report provide it shall be done?
Mr. CONKLING. It provides that it shall
be done before, if possible, and if not before
by the 10th of September, that being the ear-
liest possible time which in the estimation of
the managers of the conference of the two
Houses is attainable.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I believe that the ori-
?inal bill provided that the Secretary of the
nterior might allow additional compensation
upon the Pacific coast. Is that provision re-
tained in this bill ?
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir, it is not; and
I think if the honorable Senator had followed
all the phases, as he has some of the phases
of this history, he would be very glad that I
can answer him that that provision has been
stricken out, because the latest information
which has been afforded to us from the Census
Office, and which is not, as some other inform-
ation has been, made up of supposition, but
which is history from the actual accounts on
file, shows that nowhere, in a population how-
ever dense, is the pay so great as in the regions
to which the Senator refers. It shows also
that that pay not only should not be increased,
