1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5063
gress to issue more legal-tender greenbacks,
it may be found to be proper and for the
interest of all to do so, with a gradual increase
to maintain an adequate supply of currency.
And if in thirty or forty years the whole pub-
lic debt should assume this form, accompanied
by the resumption of specie payments, long
before that commenced, it may be found not
only practicable, but useful. But that is l'or
the future to decide.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GBISWOLD. Mr. Speaker, I move
to strike out section four of the bill. The
first section of the proposed act provides
that the Secretary of the Treasury may issue
$1,000,000,000 of coupon bonds, payable at
the expiration of thirty years, bearing four per
cent, interest in gold and payable at maturity
in gold. The second section provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury shall sell the bonds
thus issued, and apply the proceeds to the pay-
ment of the outstanding five-twenty bonds.
The third section prescribes the manner in
which the new bonds to be issued shall be paid
after the expiration of thirty years.
The first section of the act also declares that
the new issue of bonds and the interest thereon
shall be entirely exempt from all taxation,
State and Federal. Without desiring to be
captious as to this, it seems to me it would
have been better public policy to have made
them subject to taxation the same as other
personal estate. This is a large amount to be
free from taxation. Itia $1,000,000,000, nearly
one half of the amount of the national debt;
and by thus exempting the holders from tax-
ation we shall have a large class of bankers
and wealthy men in our community who will
have no interest in the economical administra-
tion of the Government, besides being the
cause of jealousy on the part of those less for-
tunate who will have to bear the burdens of
the Government and the public debt.
But this, sir, I regard of minor importance
in comparison with the proposition contained
in the fourth section of the bill. It will be
seen that the act does not compel the holders
of the five-twenty bonds to exchange them for
the new bonds to be issued. The last clause
of the fourth section simply permits the hold-
erg of the old bonds to exchange them for the
new ones at their option. That is, if they pre-
fer the new bonds at their nominal value to
full payment in gold, principal and interest,
of the bonds they hold they may receive the
new bonds in exchange. The act really pro-
vides for reserving $1,000,000,000 in gold to
pay the holders of the present outstanding
bonds, as provided for in the fourth section,
which contains the objectionable feature of
the bill and shows the handiwork of the bond-
holder, and which I propose to consider.
Of course the men holding these five-twenty
bonds are very anxious to receive the full face
of their bonds with interest in gold without
delay, as this section proposes; and ifthoy
are entitled to it under the acts authorizing
the issuing of the bonds, I have no further objec-
tion to make. If, however, that act does not
declare that they shall be so paid, but on the
contrary expressly provides that the principal
may be paid in something less valuable, that
is, non-interest bearing Treasury notes, or
greenbacks as commonly expressed, then it
will be a wrong to the tax-payers of the country
and a betrayal of our trust to enact the pro-
vision contained in this fourth section.
This is purely a legal question, and we are
bound to stand between the people, the debtors,
and their bondholding creditors, and give the
act its legal and proper construction. I call
attention to the act of February 25,1862, which
authorizes the first issue of these five-twenty
bonds.
The first section provides—
That the Secretary of the Treasury bo authorized
to issue §150,000,000 of United Status notes, not boar-
ins: interest, payable to bearer, &c.
That such miles herein authorized shall tie receiv-
able in payment of all taxes, internal duties, exeu.es,
debts, and demands of every kind duo to the United
States, except duties on imports, and of all claims
and demands against the United States of every
kind whatsoever, except for interest on bonds and
notes, which shall bo paid in coin ; and shall also be
a legal tender in payment of all debts, public and
private, within the United States, except duties on
imports and interest as aforesaid.
I have here quoted the very words of the
first section and all that bears upon the point
in question, and I ask gentlemen to mark its
import. It expressly declares that these non-
bearing interest Treasury notes—
Shall bo receivable in payment * * * *
of all claims and domands against tho United States
of every kind whatsoever, except for interest on
bonds and notes, which shall be paid in coin.
Now, sir, we come to the second section of
this same act, which is as follows:
The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby author-
ized to issue on the credit of tho United States coupon
bonds or registered bonds to an amount not exceedin g
$500,000,000, redeemable at the pleasure of the United
States after five years, and payable twenty years
from date, and bearing interest at tho rate of six per
cent, per annum, payable semi-annually.
It is under this section that one half of the
bonds proposed by the pending bill to be paid
immediately in gold were issued.
Thus, we see that the very act which author-
ized the issuing of the bonds in question also
authorized the issuing of Treasury notes or
greenbacks, and declared that they should be
receivable "in payment of all claims and de-
mands against the United States of every kind
whatsoever," (of course including the princi-
pal of these bonds,) "except interest on bonds
and notes, which shall be paid in coin."
Was Mr. Stevens right, sir, when he said
that it was the intention, when the act referred
to was drafted and reported by him, that
these bonds might be paid with non-bearing
interest notes ; these bonds, which were sold
for forty cents on the dollar, and upon which
we have paid six per cent in gold semi-an-
nually upon the face ever since? Was he
right, sir, when he said it would be a crime to
pass a law that the people should pay them in
gold under the plain provisions of this act?
Was the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] right when he declared over and over
that by the terms of the act the principal of the
bonds was not to be paid in gold?
Is anything on earth clearer than that the
interest on these bonds was to be paid in gold
for five years, and for such further time as the
Government should elect up to twenty years,
when the Government might pay the principal
or face of the bonds in Treasury notes or green-
backs? What right have we, then, to compel
the people to pay the principal of these bonds
in gold, when by the very terms of the act under
which they were issued it was declared that it
might be paid in that which then was and now
is less valuable ; that is, the paper currency
therein authorized?
To do this thing, sir, understanding it as I
do, is an outrage npon the over-taxed people,
a base betrayal of our trust at the solicitation
of the bondholders, the other party in interest.
I have no quarrel with the bondholders, sir.
Some I know who are my personal and polit-
ical friends. Neither am I here advocating
repudiation. I insist upon maintaining the
rights of both parties, according to the terms
upon which the bonds were issued.
Of course all the bonds to be redeemed and
Treasury notes which have been issued were
not authorized by the act referred to; but it
will be found upon examination, and has not
been disputed, that the subsequent issues were
upon the same terms. I have no especial pre-
dilection for the greenback theory. We on
this side did not inaugurate it. That was done
against our protest by the very men who now
repudiate it, so far as the payment of the bonds
are concerned, and insist that the bonds shall
not be paid by them, but shall be paid in gold.
Neither does the principle which I maintain in
any way conflict with the decision as to these
notes being a legal tender in payment of debts
contracted beiore the aet was passed. Had this
act declared that these bonds should be paid
in wheat at two dollars per bushel, the princi-
ple would be the same, that provision would
enter into the contract, and the wheat, accord-
ing to well-established rules of law, would be
the only legal tender in payment.
But, sir, the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler,] though conceding and stating
in terms stronger than I do that the principal
of the bonds by the act is not to be paid in
gold has another answer. And what is it?
He says that this very Congress at its first
session passed an act_ declaring that these
bonds should be paid in gold. I remember
well the act referred to. It was passed at the
first session of the present Congress. It was
passed by the majority here, the same men
who now urge its effect, and in the Senate,
under the protest of nearly every Democrat,
and was the first act signed by the present
Chief Magistrate, immediately alter his inaug-
ural, devoted almost exclusively to the interest
of the bondholders, as though theirs was the
only interests worth regarding. But, sir, give
that act the full force and effect claimed for it
by the gentleman ; say, as he says, that the ori-
ginal act did not require the payment of these
bonds in gold, and I ask how, in parliamentary
language, I can properly characterize the act of
the majority in this Congress and the Executive
that, without any legal or moral obligation, so
increased the debt and burdens of the over-
taxed people in the interest of the holders of
the bonds? But, sir, though that was the inten-
tion of the bondholders and those in their inter-
est, I claim the act has not the legal or binding
effect claimed for it. The original act was ana
is in the nature of a contract by the Govern-
ment ; and the holders of the bonds, when
they received them from the Government under
the act, became parties to that contract, and
therefore they and the Government are bound
by its terms.
But in reference to the act of March 18,1809,
that is entirely different. The holders of the
bonds were not parties to that act. They did
nothing under it. They have nothing to do
with it. It was a mere nudum, pactum, a
naked declaration by the Government, one of
the parties independent of the other. The
Government has a perfect right to-day to re-
peal it, and most clearly ought to do so, if it is
to the effect claimed.
It is remarkable that this important finan-
cial measure should at this time, near the close
of the session, with the thermometer at ninety
degrees, be forced upon Congress without pre-
vious notice, be forced upon Congress for im-
mediate action.
I have hastily expressed my views as to this
particular provision of the bill which have oc-
curred to me since it was reported yesterday,
and will only say, in conclusion, that in my
judgment this is one of the most monstrous
and infamous measures ever proposed in this
House. It is robbery of the tax-payers to
enhance the wealth of the rich creditors of
the Government. And I tell the people here
on this floor that these public creditors are
an overwhelming power in this Government;
that it is to-day all-powerful and controls legis-
lation here ; that instead of our national debt
proving "a national blessing," as they were
told by the adherents of tho party in power,
it has nearly made this Government an oligarchy
of rich men, and I greatly fear will result in
loss of liberty and the destruction of constitu-
tional government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. If the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Griswold] will
withdraw his amendment I'will renew it.
The SPEAKER. That cannot give the gen-
tleman from Kentucky the right to continue
the debate. Debate is exhausted under the
order of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I hope I may
be allowed, by unanimous consent, to say a few
woids.
