1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1287
itself to perform that office for the State, or to
compel the State and its government to the
performance of any of their duties, or, in their
default, itself to perform them.
Here I will say that I agree with the position
of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Carpenter,] that if the States were to aban-
don this Union and their State governments
that would put the United States and its Gov-
ernment at an end; and I maintain that the
States severally and collectively have that in-
disputable right; but I shall touch upon that
question in other parts of these remarks.
The opinion from which I have been quoting 1
proceeds:
" The authority for the performance of the first (put-
ting down the rebellion) had been found in the power
to suppress insurrection and carry on the war; for the
performance of the second authority was derived from
the obligation of the United States to guaranty to
every State in the Union a republican form of gov- :
ernment. The latter, indeed, in the case of rebellion
which involves the government of a State, and for
the time excludes the nation*! authority from its
limits, seems to be a necessary complement of the
former."
This short paragraph is replete with error.
In addition to the unquestioned power to sup-
press insurrection in a State, it assumes a con-
tinuing power to carry on war against it. The
war power and the power to suppress insur- !
rection, as established in the Constitution, are j
distinctand different powers, and have different
objects and ends. The objects of the war power
are foreign nations, and its ends the defense
of our country against them or aggressions
, upon their countries. The objects and ends of
the power to suppress insurrection are our own
people, and the due execution of the laws and
the maintenance of internal order. This is
simply a police power. In the prize cases the
Supreme Court, in 1862, ruled:
" By the Censtitution Congress alone has the power
to declare a national or foreign war. It cannot de-
clare a war against a State or any number of States
by virtue of any clauso in the Constitution."
There is no express power to carry on war
vested by the Constitution, but it results by
necessary implication from the power to declare
war, and therefore it belongs to Congress, but
only in the cases where it has the power to
declare war, and consequently it has not the
power to carry on war against a State. The
power to suppress insurrection carries with it
the right to use arms ; and in its broadest sense
all conflict of arms between hostile bodies of
men is war, but not war in the sense in which
that term is used in the Constitution. There
it has no reference to the people of the United
States or the States and their people, but only
to foreign nations; and it carries, but only
against them, all the rights of conquest and the
powers of a conqueror, according to the laws
of nations. The remedy for insurrection, an
intestine, a domestic trouble, is not the war,
but the police power, not to conquer and over- 
throwand revolutionize, but to suppress, to pre-
serve, to stay the course of conquest and revo-
lution. When the insurrection is suppressed,
brought to an end by the utter military discom-
fiture of the rebels, or their submission to the
Constitution, authority, and laws of the United
States, the power is executed, the sword has
done its full office and must be sheathed ; and
there is rightfully no conquest, no demolition,
no revolution ; all are interdicted by the Con-
stitution, its nature and spirit. But I will have
occasion to present this argument in other
aspects.
Another error in that part of the opinion is
the claim of more power for the Government
of the United States to restore the broken
relations between the State and the Union,
because the men who filled the otlices and
were administering the government of Texas
entered into the rebellion. The Constitution
makes no classes or distinctions between insur-
rections, but requires them all to b^ suppressed.
J he same means are to be used against all; the
only difference would be in their amount, to be
graduated by the strength of each insurrection.
But if a rebellion were opposed by every officer
of the State government with arms in hand, and
yet had such force with the people that the gov-
ernment was overthrown and all its personnel
driven from the State, upon its suppression
the constitutional and legal consequences would
be in no respect different from what they would
be if all the officers had taken part in the sup-
port of the rebellion. In both states of the case
t he government and its officers and machinery,
abstractly, would be equally impeccable ; the
rebellion would be inexcusable and criminal
in the same degree, the guilt would be exclu-
sively personal, and would attach to all persons
who gave it support; and there would be nei-
ther guilt nor punishment for those who op-
posed it.
But the leading, cardinal error of the opinion
is its misinterpretation of the guarantee clause
of the Constitution, and the congressional and
presidential powers erroneously deduced from
it. The whole of that clause, article four, is
in these words :
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in thisUnion a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, and on
the application of the Legislature, or the Executive
(when the Legislature cannot be convened) against
domestic violence."
The guarantee power has a limited and plain
scope, simply to see to it that each State has a
republican form of government.
An essential and the fundamental idea of a
republican government is, that it must be made
by the people whose affairs it is to regulate. A
government might in its principlesand arrange-
ment of powers be as republican, as democratic
as could be devised, yet if forced upon the
people, if they were constrained to accept it,
if not left by Congress perfect freedom of will
to accept or reject, it would not be a republican
government. This is the principle of the Consti-
tution, declared in the opinion of the Supreme
Court, from which I have read, ostentatiously
vaunted by the Republican party, and grossly
violated by it in every farce of making a con-
stitution for a southern State.
The subject of the power is the government
of a State in the Union, and, by the plainest
language and principle, before this power can
operate on a State, it must have a definite
boundary, the requisite number of people, a
government made by them, and be in the
Union, as one of the original States or as a
new State admitted into it by Congress. Such
is the subject, and such must be its conditions
before this power can attach to it; and in the
absence of any one of them the power would
not be applicable, but would remain dormant
until all concurred. A State in the Union
without a State government is simply an im-
possibility, and that government must have
been made by its people.
The position of this opinion, that the term
"State" in this clause was used in reference
to " a people, or political community, as dis-
tinguished from a government," as its " prin-
cipal sense," and that it makes " a plain dis-
tinction between a State and the government
of a State," is untenable. That term is here
used in its plenary meaning, of a country with
a defined boundary, the requisite number of
people, a government made by them, and a
State in the Union. The term imports all
these, but its leading, major subject and idea
is the government and its republican form. A
careful reading of it can leave no doubt of the
correctness of this interpretation, and that it
has no other " principal sense," and imports
power over no other subject than the govern-
ment of the State.
The phrase " the people," in the sense as
used in the Constitution and all laws in con-
nection with political power, does not compre-
hend or refer to all the people, but only to that
portion with whom the political power is vested.
It does not include women, minors, slaves, or
the white male adult population that have no
political rights. This is the sense in which
that and equivalent phrases are used in the
Constitution. "The people of the United
States," "the people of Virginia," or any
other State, "United States," "State," all
refer to such of the people as are clothed with
political power, and to them only.
Then, that portion of the people of a State
with whom rests its political power must have
made for it a State government, and the State
must be a State in the Union before this guar-
antee clause can have any effect upon it; and
what is its first effect? It is to give authority
to Congress to examine the State government,
and if it be republican in form Congress has
no further or other power whatever over the
subject. Its whole power is to guaranty to the
people of the State a republican form of gov-
ernment, and the people of the State, the only
legitimate authority to make its government,
having made it in that form, there is nothing
for Congress to guaranty; and its attempt to
exercisetheguaranteepowerin such case would
be the absurdity of an attempted action with-
out having a subject to act upon.
But the question, What is a republican form
of government? is not yet fully answered. When
the people of the original States adopted the
Constitution and inaugurated the Government
of the United States, each State had had far
about ten years a written government, and all,
with one exception, were of the nature of a
constitution. None of those governments were
monarchical oraristocratical, which were doubt
less the forms of government intended to be
proscribed by the Constitution requiring the
State governments to be republican in form.
All of them had been formed or approved by
agent3 chosen by the people for that duty.
Their powers were substantially divided into
legislative, executive, and judicial, and sev-
erally assigned to different magistrates for
administration ; and those magistrates were to
be chosen directly by the people of the several
States, or agents elected by themselves to per-
form that office. Those State governments
were literally within the definition, and pro-
nounced, in fact, to be republican governments
by the papers denominated The Federalist, and
signed "Publius," written and published dur-
ing the pendency of the question of the adop-
tion of the Constitution before the people of
the several States, by Hamilton, Madison, and
Jay, in exposition of it and to commend its
acceptance to them.
At this point I will make one remark on the
argument of the honorable Senator from In-
diana. I would ask him if the Government
of the United States is a republican form of
government? I say it is not in the sense in
which the State governments are republican.
It is not so republican as they were when the
Government was formed. Here are six New
England States, their population, with that of
New Jersey added, being less than the popula-
tion of the State of New York; and those seven
States, including New Jersey, have fourteen
Senators, and New York has but two. Is that
a republican feature in the Government of the
United States, that the rock-bound New Eng-
land States, and the small States in the bosoin
of the Rocky mountains that produce hardly
anything but metals, and all of which are
doomed to have but a small population, should
have as much weight in the Senate, and a pro-
portionate weight to their power in the Senate
in the election of President and Vice President.,
as the great States of New York, and Pennsyl-
vania, and Ohio, and Illinois, and Indiana?
Why, Mr. President, the admonition of the
Senator from Wisconsin was not inopportune.
While you are resorting to first principles, you
New England men may rush upon the rock, not
sunk beneath the bosom of the waves, but ap-
pearing high above them, that gives you such
an advantage of political power in the Senate
of the United States and in the election of
President and Vice President.
I suppose that in theory and upon abstract
principle every man in the United States would
say that he is in favor of a republican govern-
ment. Yet there is no man whose reason will
