1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3175
b«t that a change, if one were to be made,
should be a change of diminution; and that
even then it would be a very rich reward for
the service to be performed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That may nil be so. ana
I hone it is, but I am not able to see it. Take
the case of one county in my State, like Uma-
tilla countv. an immense county, sparsely pop-
ulated. The census-taker is compelled to go
from house to house, I suppose, taking the
census, and he travels in that county ten times
as much, perhaps a hundred times as much, to
take the census of the same number of inhab-
itants thata man would in a county in the State
of New York.
Mr. CQNKLING. And for every mile he
travels he receives ten cents; a pretty respect-
able mileage. I think.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then the rate of com-
pensation is changed.
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Under the oldlaw he was
paid in proportion to the number of inhab-
itants.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's par-
don. Under the old law, as he calls it, the
present law, he is paid two cents per capita.
He is paid in addition ten cents for every mile
be travels, and the mode is provided, a very
simple and certain mode of doubling together
the numbers and the area so as to determine
exactly how far he does travel, and not leave
him to the mercy of the Government in saying
how far he traveled, and not leave the Govern-
ment to his mercy in pretending the distance
which he traveled, bat to subject to mathemat-
ical demonstration the number of steps he takes
in the necessary performance of his duty. If
the honorable Senator will read a communica-
tion which has been very recently put in print,
and in the public prints, by the clerk superin-
tending the census, he will see that twenty-
one dollars a day is not in excess of that sam
which a census-taker may earn in the very
county to which he refers.
Mr. STEWART. I have recently received
a long communication from the marshal of
Nevada on this subject, in which he said that
he had made an effort to find men to take the
position of censns-takers, and he could not
find them. He made an estimate of the actual
expenses of travel, and also what he could find
was allowed in the law, and it did not any-
where near cover the expenses. I think they
•re allowed a dollar a day for expenses.
Mr. CONKLING. If my friend will allow
me, his correspondent very probably wrote in
the light of a communication which preceded
the one to which I have referred, a communi-
cation now in the possession of the honorable
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] which
communication was conclusive as showing the
state of facts which this marshal has accepted,
namely, that in these outlying regions the pay
would be entirely inadequate. That was a
matter of computation. It was supposititions,
as gome other things have been which relate to
the census. Subsequently the author of that
communication sat down with the accounts on
file before him, and took, not what he thought
the compensation would be, but what in truth
and in feet it had been on the two previous
occasions, and then ne found and he reported
not only that the compensation was adequate,
bat that in truth in these regions it was too
much.
Mr. STEWART. My correspondent, the
marshal of Nevada, will be very glad to hear
that sufficient compensation is allowed. He
was in great trouble about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I doubt whether there is
one marshal in ten who will be able to take
the compound eqnation and make up the sum
arithmetically to fix the pay.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the honorable
senator from Ohio speaks for Ohio in that
regard. I have to say to him that in New York
the men who are marshals can very easily make
'Recalculation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I doubt it very much.
Mr. STEWART. I have not examined this
subject at all; but if the compensation is fixed
for traveling at ten cents a mile it cannot bo
done for that, unless there is some way of
making it up. The cousus-taker there will
have to travel on horseback, and it will be
impossible for him to travel on horseback for
less than four dollars a day to pay expenses.
He could not get ordinary ineals and travel on
horseback for less than four dollars a day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is only forty miles.
Mr. STEWART. That is only forty miles;
but a man who can travel forty miles on horse-
back in a day and do any other business must
be a very active man, I will tell my friend from
Vermont. If he had to hire a horse that would
; be at least two dollars a day more; and thus
his actual expenses for his horse and his ex-
1 penses iu traveling would be about six dollars
a day, and there would not be much margin
left that the outside world understands any-
thing of to compensate him. If there is some
way of fixing it up by construction this mar-
shal said he would like to see it. He said he
did not see how it could be done without steal-
ing. I hope there is some construction which
will allow sufficient pay for expenses. They
j do not want to commence out there until some-
body shows them how it can be done.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
from Nevada, I think, will find, if he will take
the trouble to look into it, that possibly he, at
any rate some of the rest of us, have proceeded
upon rather superficial information heretofore
in this regard. We have heard it stated pre-
viously in debate that $1 81 a day was all that
could be earned by a deputy marshal. Now,
any lawyer in this body who has tried a cause
for some time and endeavored for some days
to prove a fact, and after the trial was over had
some man come to him and say, "Why did
you nottmll on me? 1 could have proven that
if yoa had only told me you wanted to prove
it," will understand the feeling I had after the
debate when two members of this body came
to me and said, each of them, ''I was a census
enumerator in 1860, and I earned nine dollars
every day that I attended to business." In
the case of one it was in a New England State,
and in the case of another it was in a different
State. After the debate had passed by and
these facts came to be stated the theory that
the compensation was inadequate in the densely
populated regions was abandoned. Then there
came this theory, which the Senator from Ne-
vada suggests now, that in the outlying regions,
as they were called in one communication, in
the Territories and sparse States, as they were
called in another, the compensation would
be inadequate. Examination on that subject
showed not only the error of the supposition,
but, as I have stated before, that the compen-
sation there was greater than anywhere else,
and greater than it should be. I will show the
Senator from Nevada a communication coming
from the Census Bureau which will prove to
him that twenty dollars a day is not a greater
sum than was in truth received under,the ex-
isting law in just such regions as those to which
he refers.
In addition to that, by the present bill, as
the Senator from Delaware reminds me, pro-
vision is made for paying for copies of the
returns, which goes also to the census enumer-
ator. So that I think the Senator may rely
upon it that the compensation is adequate as
it stands in the bill. The managers on the part
of the House were satisfied of that, and the
managers on the part of the Senate also.
Mr. STEWART. I am satisfied. I will send
the Globe to-morrow to the marshal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the report of the conference
committee.
The report was concurred in.
william m. garvey.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The considera-
tion of bills on the Calendar will be resumed
in their order.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. It. No. 40) to confirm the title of William
M. Garvev to a certain tract of land ; which
was considered as in Committee oflhe Whole.
The Committee on Private Land Claims
reported the bill with an amendment, to strike
out all of the original bill after the enacting
clause, in the following words :
That the title of William M. Garvey. of Ohio, in
and to the east half of the northeast quarter of sec-
tion eighteen, in township sixty-nine, north of range
twenty-six west, in the district of lands subject to
sale at Des Moines, Iowa, containing eighty acrcs,
be and ia confirmed to him, his heira and assigns,
forever.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That the title of William M. Garvey to the east
half of tho northeast quarter of section eighteen,
township sixty-nine north, range twenty-six west,
in the district of lands subject to sale at Des Moines,
in the State of Iowa, containing eighty acres, bo,
and is hereby, confirmed, and that the State of Iowa'
is hereby authorized to select in lieu of said tract
an equal amount of land from the onsold public
lands within the limits of said State, subject to sale
at $1 25 per acre : Provided, That the State of Iowa,
through her constituted authorities, shall first relin-
quish to the United States all right, title, or interest
acquired by said State by virtue of the act of Con-
gress of March 3, 1857, entitled "An act to confirm to
the several States the swamp and overflowed lands
seleoted under the act of September 28,1850, and the
act of the 2d March, 1849."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed,
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
election op representatives.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1705) to fix the time for the elec-
tion of Representatives and Delegates in the
Congress of the United States.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. MORTON. I believe I shall object to
< the present consideration of that bill.
i The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill will be passed over.
mrs. margaret f. robinson.
i The next business on the Calendar was the
j joint resolution (H. R. No. 224) for the relief
; of Mrs. Margaret P. Robinson, of Kentucky,
j The Secretary read the joint resolution. It
i directs the Quartermaster General to pay to
Mrs. Margaret P. Robinson, widow of Richard
M. Robinson, in her own right, and in full
satisfaction of all claims for the use of real and
personal property of the premises known as
Camp Dick Robinson, in Garrard county, Ken-
tucky, for military purposes, by the military
authority of the United States, $5,878 30, for
the sole use and benefit of Margaret P. Rob-
inson.
Mr. PRATT. I move that this joint resolu-
tion be passed over informally until the report
which accompanies it is laid upon the desks
of Senators. It is now in the hands of the
printer and will be ready by to-morrow. It is
but proper that the report should be heard.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be passed over informally.
territory op oklahoma.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 679) to organize the Territory of Okla-
homa, consolidate the Indian tribes under a
territorial government, and carry out the pro-
visions of the treaties of 1866 with certain
Indian tribes.
Mr. WILSON. I think we had better pass
that over.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
west virginia circuit court terms.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 813) fixing the time for holding the
terms of the circuit court in the district of West
Virginia.
