3176
THE) CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
Mr. BOREMAN. Let that be passed over
for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
CAPTAIN GEORGK IIRNRY PREBLE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 850) for the relief of Captain George
Henry Preble, of the Navy of the United
States; which was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. The bill
proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury in settling the accounts of
George Henry Preble, a captain in the Navy
of the United States, to allow him sea pay as
a commander from the 5th of August to the
12th of October, 1862, and leave pay as a com-
mander from the last-named date to the 21st
of February, 1863, deducting therefrom any
pay be may have received for those periods.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
TRADE-MARKS ON FOREIGN WATCHES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 829) in relation to fraudulent trade-
marks upon foreign watches; which was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. The
bill provides that from and after the 1st of
August next no foreign watches of gold, silver,
or other metal, or watch movements, shall be
admitted to entry at the custom houses in the
United States unless there shall be legibly and
distinctly engraved or stamped upon the works
or movements the maker's name or distinguish-
ing trade-mark, and in connection therewith,
and as a part thereof, the name of the place
and country where manufactured; but exist-
ing trade marks of foreign manufacturers of
watches need not be changed if they distinctly
show that the watch movements are of foreign
production. If any watches or watch move-
ments of foreign manufacture shall be offered
for entry at any custom-house in the United
States which shall copy or simulate the name
or trade-inark of any domestic manufacturer
they are to be forfeited to the United States.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with amendments. The first amendment was in
section one, line four, after the word " watches"
to strike out the words "of gold, silver, or
other metal."
The amendment was agreed to.
. The next amendment was in section one, line
seven, after the words "stamped upon the,"
to insert the words "exposed surfaces of the
plates or bridges of the."
The amendment was agreed to.
. Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In section
two, line two, after the words "watch move-
ments," I move to add the words "of parts
of wateh movements."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in;
The bill was ordered to be! engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
JOHN TTLIR'S 3PATENT.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 790) for the relief of John Tyler;
which wtls considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The Committee on Patentsreported the bill
with an amendment, to strike out all of the
enacting clause and to insert the following in
lieu thereof:
That the Commissioner of Patents, upon due appli-
cation made to him, is authorized to extend, the pat-
cit of John Tyler, of Wgst Lebanon, Nevr Hamp-
shire, for improvements in water-wheels, issued to
hirn July 18. 1856, and reissued in 1868, and which
v ill expire July 8,1870, upon the same evidence and
principles as if application had been made to him by
s:tid patentee in due time prior to said expiration of
said patent.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to thie Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
re&ditig, was read the third time, and passed.
PACIFIC AND GREAT EASTERN BAILWAY.
Mr. McDONALD. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up at this time
Senate bill No. 483, which was passed over
informally yesterday at the request of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan.]
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
delay it a few minutes until I can look at the
bill.
Mr. McDONALD. The bill has been read.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 483) granting lands
and the right of way in Missouri and Arkansas
to aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line along or near the thirty-sixth parallel
of north latitude, from the Mississippi river to
the Arkansas river.
Mr. HARLAN. This bill was read yester-
day, amended, and ordered to be printed at
my request.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was then passed
over informally.
Mr. HARLAN. I move further to amend
the bill in section one, lines ten and eleven, by
striking out the words " at or near which said
line crosses or shall cross the Arkansas river."
The Senator from Arkansas suggested this
amendment himself.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In section two, line seven-
teen, after the word "such" and before the
word " acceptance," I move to insert the words
" map and."
Mr. McDONALD. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In section two, line nine-
teen, after the word "market," I move to strike
out the rest of the second section in the fol-
lowing words:
And all settlers upon said lands under the pre-
emption laws of the United States who shall fail to
make proof and payment for their claims within one
year from the date of said withdrawal shall forfeit
the lands so settled npon, and the same shall revert
to the aforesaid- railroad company in the manner
hereinbefore provided.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In section three, line five,
after the word "other," I move to insert the
word "public," so as to make it read "public
lands;" and after the word "lands," in the
same line, I move to insert the words "desig-
nated by oddrDumbered sections as aforesaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In Bection five, line eight,
after the word "manner," I move to insert the
words "as a first-class railroad." -
The amendment was agreed to.
Mn POMEROY. The language which I
think the Senator ought to use there is this:
"as railroads of the first class when prepared
for Use." That is the language we usually
insert. There is no railroad a first-class rail-
r<>ad when it is first Opened, and there never was.
Mr. HARLAN. This is the usual phrase-
ology of the text of such bills.
Mr. POMEROY. The phraseology we have
used latterly is: "as roads of the first class
when opened for service." I do not care about
it, but the fact is there are no railroads that
can be called first-class roads when they are
first opened. They have to be improved; they
have to be ballasted ; and the depots are not
all perfect. There never ha? been a road
opened in the world that was a first-class road
wheii it was opened.
Mr. CAMERON. Oh, yes; there was.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 never heard of it. You
may have had one in Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senatoris mistaken.
There is one road in Pennsylvania, of which I
was the president myself, and it was all com-
pleted and finished ten years ago, and we have
had no repairs to make.
Mr. POMEROY. Has not the Senator been
improving it ever since?
Mr. CAMERON. Not a bit of it.
Mr. POMEROY. I never heard of such a
case before.
Mr. CAMERON. It was finished before it
was used. I refer to the Reading railroad.
Mr. POMEROY. And it has never been
improved since?
Mr. CAMERON. No, sir; and all the
bridging and all the ballasting and everything
was done permanently at first; and so all rail-
roads ought to be constructed. There was not
a wooden bridge upon it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask the Senator from
Iowa how much land is given to this railroad
company?
Mr. HARLAN. The bill provides for a
grant not exceeding ten sections on each side
of the line of the road; but this road lies iu
the States of Arkansas and Missouri, where,
perhaps, the most of the public lands have
been sold heretofore. I do not think it prob-
able that the company will receive one half of
the amount nominally granted.
Mr. SAULSBURY. How much do yoa
suppose they will get?
Mr. HARLAN. I should think perhaps
about one half the quantity named in the bill.
I am informed by the honorable Senator from
Arkansas tliat it is estimated at the Land
Office, as I understand him, that the company
will be able to receive probably about forty-six
hundred acres to the mile.
Mr. SAULSBURY. How long is the rail-
road?
Mr. McDONALD. About three hundred
miles.
Mr. HARLAN. Has the amendment sug-
gested by me on page 4 been adopted ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been.
Mr. McDONALD. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Delaware that this land has been
under the graduation act graduated, and the
price had been only twelve and a half cents au
acre; but that law has been repealed and the
land is now in the market.
Mr. HARLAN. There is no graduated land
now. That law has been repealed. There-
fore it cannot be entered now at less than
$1 25 per acre. If the amendment that I
offered on page 4 has been adopted 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I suggest an amendment
on page 6, section ten, line three, after the
word "within" to strike out the wOrds ten
miles on each side of said road " and to insert
the words "the exterior limits of said grant."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggested yesterday
when this bill was up and the Senator from
Iowa objected to it an amendment that should
allow this company to-connect with a road that
is now being built north and .south very near
the State line, but not on the State line. The
State line is an imaginary line; and if you
oblige a road to stop on an imaginary line and
do not let it get a connection with a north and
south railroad running from Kansas to the
Gulf you restrain the road against the public
interests. It may be ten miles, it may be
twenty miles, I do not know how far, but very
near the State line a road is now being con-
structed through the Indian country under an
act of Congress.
Mr. HARLAN. I may not have any ob-
jection to such an amendment in a supple-
mentary bill next winter, when we shall know
where the road to which the Senator refers
runs. He is aware that a number of railroad
companies are now struggling to obtain lands
within the limits of the Indian territoi'y, and
I would prefer to stop them all at the boundary
line for the present until we see where theroads
tee to run.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not care about in-
serting it iti this bill, but I claim that it is
against public policy to stop a -railroad on a
State line if it can make a connection with
another railroad by going ten mileS further,
even if it is in an Indian country.
