2232
TjtLK CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
the limits of the Cherokee country, west of the
ninety-sixth degree of west longitude, south of
Kansas; the area of the ''outlet;" the quantity
in the State of Kansas, and the character of the
title by which these lands are held by the Cher-
okee Indian nation; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of
Reuben Griudle, of Castine county, Maine,
alleging that he ha3 lost certain United States
s bonds, and praying that duplicates of the same
' may be issued to him; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of N. H.
Fry, of Catawba county, North Carolina, en-
gaged in the distillation of brandy from fruit,
praying the passage of an act by Congress di-
recting the Internal Revenue Bureau to refund
to him the sum of $300 assessed against him as a
special license tax, said tax being illegal accord-
ing to the opinion of the Attorney General,
delivered on the 10th day of October, 1868, in
refereuee to distillers of fruit ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Ho also presented the petitions of .Tosiah
Cowles, Yadkin county, North Carolina; of
E. N. Simonton, Iredell county, North Caro-
lina; of S. A. Bittis, Burke county, North
Carolina; of T. A. Donoho, Caswell county,
North Carolina; of M. A. Moore, Gaston
county, North Carolina; of M. A. Bledsoe,
Wake county, North Carolina; and of Samuel
P. Hill, Caswell county, North Carolina, pray-
ing the removal of their political disabilities;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. YATES. I present a petition of the
Mechanics' State Council and Trade Associa-
tion of California, praying for the passage of
an eight-hour law with suitablo penalties for
its violation. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Education and Labor.
Mr. DRAKE. In regard to the petition pre-
sented by the Senator from Illinois, I would
state that a document of that character has
heretofore been before the committee and been
reported uoon.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. If of the same
character the petition will lie on tho table, the
committee having reported.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of
John L. S. Snood, of Fayette county, Tennes-
see, praying for the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to tho seloct
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the memorial of
Commander William W. Leo, of tho United
States Navy, praying to bo allowed the differ-
ence in pay between the grade of master and
lieutenant from the 14th of September, 1855,
to the 10th of January, 1858, being the time
ho was on the reserved list with the rank of
master, from which he was restored to the list
with the rank of lieutenant by a court of in-
quiry ; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ANTHONY. I present also the me-
morial of Mrs. Sarah A. Ward, widow of the
late Commander James II. Ward, of tho United
Stales Navy, which memorial is recommended
by Admiral Farragnt, Vice Admiral Porter,
Rear Admirals Goidsborough, Bailey, Rodg-
crs, Breese, and many others of the most dis-
tinguished officers of the Navy. Tho memorial
sets forth that Commander James H. Ward,
who lost his life in the war for the suppression
of the rebellion, and who was one of the most
distinguished and gallant officers of the Navy,
made an important improvement in gun-car-
riages, which improvement is now used by tho
Navy, which cost him a large amount of money,
and that for it he received no compensation.
His widow prays that suitable recompense be
made. I move the reference of the memorial
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petitions of
M. H. Cofer, Hardin county, Kentucky ; of
Clinton McCarty, Louisville, Kentucky, and
of Robert J. Breckenridge, Lexington, Ken-
tucky, praying the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petitions
of J. H. Kilpatrick, Louisiana; of Samuel
Clark, Louisiana; and of Warren P. Pool,
South Carolina, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petitions of
O'Niel Rice, C. II. McLeod, E. M. Rice, T.
H. Giles, and A. 0. Williamson, of Madison
county, Alabama, and of W. H. Edwards, of
Blunt county, Alabama, praying the removal
of their political disabilities ; which were re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
Alfred S. Ashby, Culpepper county, Virginia;
of Edmund Waddill, Charles City county, Vir-
ginia ; of Thomas II. Wilcox, Charles City
county, Virginia; of John H. Hoge, Bland
county, Virginia; of Peter Ainslie, Essex
county, Virginia; of James T. Staples, Lunen-
burg county, Virginia; of William G. Neblett,
Lunenburg county, Virginia; of Heath I.
Christian, Henrico county, Virginia; of W.
Cheatham, Nelson county, Virginia; of C. F.
Worrell, Carroll county, Virginia; ofE. B, S.
Cary, Gloucester county, Virginia; of D. W.
L. Charlton, Montgomery county, Virginia;
of Andrew J. Lucas, Montgomery county, Vir-
ginia; of Richard J. Mase, Essex county, Vir-
ginia; of James E. Browne, Wythe county,
Virginia; of John Appleyard, Henrico county,
Virginia; of Thomas J. Higbley, Daniel A.
Vinson, and Richard Farmer, Carroll county,
Virginia ; of John Sylrook, Montgomery
county, Virginia; of J. Montgomery Thomas,
Montgomery county, Virginia; of William A.
Clement, Campbell county, Virginia; of Jacob
F. Sibold, Giles county, Virginia ; of Miles K.
Lucas, Giles county, Virginia; of Fleming
Gardner, Montgomery county, Virginia; of
John 1. Camp, Nelson county, Virginia ; of
James Bays and EnosR. Hilton, Scott county,
Virginia; of H. R. Slimp and Charles E. Hop-
kins, Smyth county, Virginia; of James Jen-
mugs, Carroll county, Virginia; of Richmond
T. Lacy, New Kent county, Virginia; of P.
H. Starke, Richmond, Virginia; of F. H. Mc-
Connick, Washington county, Virginia; of J.
W. Blankenbecklor, Smyth county, Virginia;
of William Lewis, Isaac LSeamer, John Jen-
nings, John Wilkinson, James L. McMillin,
Thomas Dickens, Amos Cox, Stephen II. Bolt,
and Joseph Banks, Carroll county, Virginia;
of Carr Bailey, Lee county, Virginia; of W.
A. Edward, John C. Jennings, and William
Jennings, Carroll county, Virginia; of Jamss
D. Howard, Pulaski county, Virginia; of E.
S. Keesling, Smyth county, Virginia; of T. M.
Dobgris, B. W. Dobgris, James Nester, sen,, A.
C. Philip, Carroll county, Virginia; of B. li.
Atwell, Loudon county, Virginia, and of John
W. Harman, Bland county, Virginia, praying
the removal of their political disabilities;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented a petition of An-
son Aldrich, of Providence, lthode Island,
praying compensation for liquors stolen whil e
in the possession of the Government under
seizure, the return of duty paid thereon, and
costs incurred in procuring the release of said
liquors from seizure; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BOBBMAN presented the petitions of
S.F.Sampson,Albermarle county, Virginia, and
of Edward Thurman, Albermarle county, Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of the United States, praying an appro-
priation for a survey to ascertain the cost of
adequate breakwaters at Mackinaw City, Mich-
igan, for the safety of the commerce of the
Northwest; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. CORBETT presented a petition of citi-
zens of Hood river, Oregon, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DAVIS presented additional papers in
support of the claim of the curators of the
University of Kentucky ; which were referred
to the Committee on Claims.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. FENTON. I ask that the papers in
the claim of Mr. Charles N. Whitney, relating
to the iron battery Keokuk, be withdrawn from
the Committee on Claims and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs. I have the con-
sent of the chairman of the Committee on
Claims that this disposition may be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that change of reference will be made.
The Chair hears no objection.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FOWLER, it was
Ordefed, That tho papers of Messrs. Anderson and
Whito bo taken from tho files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. FOWLER, it was
Ordered. That E. A. Sawyer, of Tennessee, have
leave to withdraw his petition and other papers from
the files of tho Senate.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEWART submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
97-1) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year endiug the 30th of June,
1871 ; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred a petition
of soldiers at the Soldiers' Home near Wash-
ington, relative to the officers in charge of them,
reported a joint resolution (S. R. No. 1G7) re-
lating to officers of the Soldiers' Home ; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 10) directing the Secretary of War to sell
Bergen Heights arsenal, reported it without
amendment.
^Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom was referred tho bill (S. No. 331) to
provide for a building suited to the use of a
post office, the revenue officers, and the judi-
cial officers of the United Slates, in the city
of Little Rock, Arkansas, reported i;, with
amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whoui
were referred various petitions praying for the
construction of a post office building at Albany,
New York, reported a bill (S. No. 70S) to pro-
vide a building for tho use of the post office,
custom-house, United States circuit and dis-
trict courts, and internal revenue officers, at
Albany, New York ; which was read and passed
to a second reading.
_Mr, CAMERON, from the Committee on.
Military Affairs, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (IT. R. No. 197) for the relief
of George S. Atkinson, late assistant quar-
termaster of volunteers, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. ABBOTT. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 148) for the relief of David T.
Jackson, have instructed me to report it back
with a recommendation that it be indefinitely
