1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5065
in stockings, and laid up for various purposes,
under the apprehension that.gold must some-
times be wanted, on the part of those who are
the owners of it, and who are not willing,
therefore, to invest it in any ordinary way, an
amount equal to $100,000,000. I place it at
almost the lowest figure given. Now. if you
suppose that $100,000,000 to be brought out
and added to the $106,000,000, you will have
an average of over $200,000,000 in your Treas-
ury. It is not at all necessary that in the
exercise of a wise discretion three fourths of
that sum should be used by the Secretary of
the Treasury for the purpose of making pur-
chases. It is not at all necessary that he should
limit himself to the twenty-five per cent, to be
retained; but he must at least retain one fourth,
and may retain one half, or any other propor-
tion of the whole sum deposited. Something,
therefore, may be left to his discretion. It is
not likely that under any circumstances, if the
deposits run up to that figure, lie would use
more than about one half of the sum for the
purpose of making purchases. Suppose the
Secretary under those circumstances should
propose to pay $100,000,000 worth of these
live-twenty bonds of the United States as
provided for in the fourth section of this bill,
it is not then to be supposed that the parties
to whom the $100,000,000 is thus paid will
wish to retain it without the interi-st derived
upon it. They will look around for some other
investment. What investment would they
make ? There are two chances open to them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. PAINE. I hope, by unanimous consent,
the time of the gentleman will be extended.
There was no objection, and itwas so ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was saying that when
this gold should be paid out for the redemption
of five-twenty bonds in the hands of any holder
he would naturally look around for an oppor-
tunity to reinvest it. There are two modes of
investment which would at once occur to him.
One would be to carry the gold back to the
Treasury and take a certificate for it at three
per cent, interest until such time as, waiting
for the purpose, he should see a better mode
of investing it. Another would be, as there would
be no more " Governments" of any kind, as
they arc termed, no more five-twenty or other
bonds, except these four per cent, bonds, to
invest his gold m this four per cent, gold bond,
running for a long time, and free from taxation,
in preference even to taking hisgold to theTreas-
ury and obtaining three per cent, interest on it.
And if these four per cent, bonds should be
thus taken the gold would be returned to the
Treasury. And there is every reason to sup-
pose that the redemption of the five-twenty
bonds in this way, and the return of the gold
to the Treasury to be again used by the Gov-
ernment in payment and cancellation of the
five twenty bonds, would have the effect to
produce a general rise of these four per cent,
bonds to par or above par; and thus, as it were,
a circulation of currency would be established.
I can conceive of no way in which we could
take a more certain step toward what we all
want, I believe, with the exception of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] and a few
others, an ultimate return to specie payments.
We would establish, as it were, a current, a cir-
culation, a return of gold to the Treasury, the
use of it in the Treasury for the redemption
of bonds, and a return of the gold again. This
process would be sustained, because the very
effect of it would be to raise the securities of
the country to or toward par ; and whenever
you have brought things to par, whenever you
have practically reached specie payments, your
financial work is about complete ; all that can
be expected has been done. This, I undertake
to say, is the effect reasonably to be expected
from the adoption of a provision of this kind.
Now as to its practical operation. This ol'
course must to a great extent be left to the
discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The amount to bo received may be limited or
not limited. Whether limited or not, it is to
be presumed the Secretary of the Treasury will
keep his eye all the time open, will watch the
state of the market, and will know what pro-
portion of the gold on hand can safely be used
for the redemption of the five-twenties, what
proportion shall be put out again as the five-
twenties come in and are destroyed ; for a part
of our system is the destruction, the entire
cancellation of every bond that is thus taken
up at par by the Government.
_ Something, I say, may be left to the discre-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury; some-
thing must necessarily be left to his discretion.
However gentlemen may differ in regard to the
policy thus far pursued by the present Secre-
tary of the Treasury, no one, I think, will doubt
that unless he were, as I know he would not
be, foolish almost to idiocy in his mode of man-
agement he would be able under a provision
of this kind to prevent that process of " cor-
nering" the Government which gentlemen ap-
prehend, either by bringing gold from abroad
or using in great amount the gold found in the
country, and which would be drawn out under
the provisions ol the section now under consid-
eration.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to have taken from the Speaker's table,
for consideration at this time, the amendments
of the Senate to House bill No. 1467, to con-
strue certain acts therein cited in relation to
pensions.
No objection was made; and the amend-
ments were taken up and read, as follows :
On page 1, in lines six and seven, strike out the
words "either increasing or redueins" and insert
in lieu the words " to increase.''
On page 1, in tine seven, strike out "authorized"
and insert" directed."
On pagel, in line nine, alter the word" pensions"
insert the words " nor shall said act be construed so
as to reduce the same."
On pa,gel, at the end of line eleven, in«ert the
words " in excess of the rate fixed by general law for
the rank in respect to which such special pensions
may have been or may hereafter be granted."
Add to the bill the following:
Sec. 2. And be it fur ther enacted. That this act shall
have the effect to restore to the persons affected
hereby any sums heretofore withheld from them by
the construction hereinbefore prohibited.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the amend-
ments of the Senate be concurred in.
The question was taken upon concurring in
the amendments of the Senate; and they were
concurred in.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments were concurred
in; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEES OP CONFERENCE.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of the following committees of conference on
the part of the House:
On the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (S. No. 893) to establish an addi-
tional land district in the State of Kansas,
Mr. Julian of Indiana, Mr. Clarke of Kan-
sas. and Mr. McCormick of Missouri.
On the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. II. No. 936) to provide for the
compensation of grand and petit jurors in the
circuit and district courts of the United States;
Mr. Mercur of Pennsylvania, Mr. Coburs of
Indiana, and Mr. Van Thump of Ohio,
On the disagreeing votes of the t'.vo Houses
on the bill (H. It. No. 1633) to simplify the
conveyance of real estate in the District of
Columbia, Mr. Cook of Illinois, Mr. Kerr
of Indiana, and Mr. Ui'sox of Ohio.
On the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (Ii. R. No. 1828) making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1871, and tor other purposes, Mr. Beamax of
Michigan, Mr. Dawes of Massachusetts, and
Mr. Myers of Pennsylvania.
On the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. Ii. No. 2275) to provide for
paving Pennsylvania avenue, Mr. Cook of
Illinois, Mr. Wood of New York, and Mr.
Welker of Ohio.
On the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on a joint resolution (H. B. No. 109) amend-
atory of a joint resolution for the relief of cer-
tain officers of the Army, Mr. Asper of Mis
souri, Mr. Logan- of Illinois, and Mr. Morgan
of .Ohio.
FUNDING BILL.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 2167) to authorize the
refunding and consolidation of the national
debt, and for other purposes.
Mr. COX. As it is necessary, I presume,
that I should move an amendment in order to
speak upon this question, I move to strike out
that portion of the section which has reference
to the payment of the three per cent, interest.
Sir, this bill is not the worst that might come
from a committee of this House. It is, in my
judgment, a great improvement on other bills
which have come here. I do not know that
this section is woith being retained unless I
can be convinced that the payment of gold into
the Treasury at three per cent, interest would
enable the Secretary to exchange our six per
cent, bonds for four per cents. Of that I am
not persuaded.
But this bill has many valuable features. In
the first place, it fixes for our Government
obligations a single, uniform rate of interest,
which is a great advance upon our previous
legislation, at least upon the bills which have
come here from the Senate and from other
committees. It fixes a low rate of interest, a
circumstance which I beg gentlemen to con-
sider who are voting dispassionately. The
rate proposed is four per cent. Perhaps four
and a half per cent, would be better. If I
only knew, what perhaps the chairman and
members of the committee may know, that
there is some reliable information from bank-
ers or moneyed men upon which to predicate
the expectation that the loan may be taken at
this rate, I might be induced to support some
of the provisions of this bill, with the view of
reducing the interest on our indebtedness from
six to four per cent.
These are some of the virtues of this bill.
Another consists in the fact that the banks are
not interested in this measure for funding or
refunding. But I am sorry the House did not
adopt the amendment of my colleague, [Mr.
Wood,] designed to prevent the peddling of
these bonds in Europe and America by some
agents, advertising them, perhaps, like quack
medicines. I am sorry the House has been
placed in the position of seeming to favor the
idea which the Committee of Ways and Means
appear to have rejected in their action on the
Senate bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman has indi-
rectly inquired as to the authority which the
Committee of Ways and Means have for assum-
ing that these bonds are likely to be taken at
so low a rate of interest as four per cent. I
have no hesitation in answering that inquiry.
1 announced yesterday my confident expecta-
tion that within a reasonable time—not imme-
diately, not within the next month or two
months perhaps, but within this year or the
coming year, a lour per cent, loan, if offered
by the Government, would be taken. My rea-
sons for this belief are to be found in various
articles in European journals, speaking favor-
ably of this project as an indication of what is
understood abroad, the increased credit of the
United States, and its chancesof going success-
fully upon the market of the world for money
at this low rate of interest. I may state the
additional fact that within the last week there
have been communicated to the Committee of"
Ways and Means, or at least to some of its
members, including myself, assurances from
banks and bankers in France of their readiness
to advance money at this low rate, if the bonds
