1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3177
Mr. HARLAN. This other road bas not yet
been built nor even located across the Indian
territory, and supplementary legislation can
be had in ample time to answer the Senator's
purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. That is true.
Mr. McDONALD. We shall not insist on
this amendment at the present time until the
other road is provided for.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
deferring it. but I will say that the other road
is provided for. There is no other legislation
necessary to enable the company to build
through "the Indian lands into the State of
Artansas; but it is a question of time; they
have not built it yet. If the Senator desires
to have it wait another year I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer to defer it until
we see where the ro&d is to run.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
RETURN TO HOCSE Of AN ENROLLED BILL.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Cuxton Li-oyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House requested the re-
torn of the enrolled bill (H. R. No. 1427) to
provide for the creation of corporations iu the
District of Columbia by general law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection this enrolled bill will be returned to
the House of Representatives in accordance
with its request. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and it is so ordered.
The Chair will state that there is a misnomer
in one of the sections, referring to "the first 1
section," when it should refer to "the sixth
section." It is necessary to make that correc- |
tion of one word. j
patkjft device foe soxkrixo booms. ;
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask the Senate to '
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. ,
743, which was passed over informally the
other day on account of my absence.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. !
743) confirming and extending a patent right
to Levi W. Pond and Eaa Claire Lumber Com- !
pauy, was read the second time, and considered 1
agin Committee of the Whole.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
393.
Mr. PATTERSON. I do not like this way
of going back. It seems to me that we had
better take the bills in their order. We can
take up the Senator's bilL after we have passed
through the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill alluded
to by the Senator from Nebraska was passed
over informally; but it is still subject to the
rule. If the Senator from New Hampshire
insists on the Calendar being proceeded with
regularly it will have to wait until the Calen-
dar is concluded.
Mr. PAT1ERSON. We only have to act
0I1ir m ra°re to finish the Calendar.
Mr. THAYER. I do not know why objec-
tion is raised against me when two other cases
aave been allowed to be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
,n>n\. w SamPshire persists in his objection,
i , Secretary will read the next bill on the
valendar.
treasury special agents.
"x X' on the Calendar was the bill
I . "°- 902) limiting the appointment of
ertain officers in the Treasury Department,
proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
■'re*sury to appoint special agents, not exceed-
8  "y-three in number at any one time, for
i ® ?urP°se of making the examinations of the
papers, and accounts of collectors, and
other officers of the customs, required to be
made pursuant to the provisions of the twenty-
first section of an act to regulate the collection
of duties on imports and tonnage, approved
March 2, 1799, and to be employed generally
under the direction of the Secretary, in the
prevention and detection of frauds on the
customs revenue; and the expense thereof is
to be charged to the " appropriation to defray
the expense of collecting the revenue from cus-
toms." These special agents are to be divided
into three classes. The first class is to consist of
nineteen agents, two of whom shall each receive
in addition to the expenses necessarily and
actually incurred by him, a compensation of
ten dollars per day, and seventeen of whom
shall each receive, in addition to expenses ne-
cessarily and actually incurred, a compensation
of eight dollars per day. The second class is to
consist of sixteen agents, each of whom shall
receive, in addition to expenses necessarily,
and actually incurred by him, a compensation
of six dollars per day. The third class is to
consist of eighteen agents, each of whom shall
receive, in addition to expenses necessarily
and actually incurred by him, a compensation
of five dollars per day. And the Secretary of
the Treasury is authorized to make such rules
and regulations, not inconsistent with law, for
the government of these special agents as he
may deem expedient and necessary; but no
sum is to be paid to any of them for mileage.
No special agent, in addition to the number
authorized by the act, is to be hereafter ap-
pointed or employed upon any business relating
to the customs revenue.
Mr. FOWLER. I object to the passage of
that bill now.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator from Ten-
nessee will withdraw his objection a moment,
I think if I make a statement in relation to
this bill he will not interpose.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to know
whether these are new officers.
Mr. HAMLTN. That is what I want to stato.
Mr. FOWLER. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. HAMLIN. Under the existing law, as
the Treasury Department hold, they have ap-
pointed this class of officers. I think the bill
provides for fifty-three. There are fifty-four in
commission to-day, and this bill limits the nam-
berand makes it one less than itnowis. There
has been some controversy as to whether the
Secretary had the power; but it has always
been exercised. I have no doubt he has the
power; but this bill systematizes it, and I will
add that it diminishes the pay of those who
are at present in office. If yon pass this bill
yon cut down the number of these officers by
one; you- prescribe their duties, and you re-
duce their compensation. That is all there is
in this bill.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say in addition,
that it decreases the expense of the Govern-
ment for these special agents $36,000 a year,
and gives us a law by which they can properly
be appointed. They have heretofore been apt
pointed, as was claimed, under the old act of
1799; anditw^g the opinion of I believe every
member of the Committee on Retrenchment
that the iReretary of the Treasury had no right
to appoint special agents under that act; but
this bill gives us % law by which he is entitled
to appoint these agents. I will say also, that
the Secretary of the Treasury has examined
the bill and it meets bis entire approbation,
Mr.TRCJMBULL. I have no doubt of it. ;
I am in favor of the bill because it regulates
the matter by law. It was not Tegulated at ,
all before, and the Secretaries were in the ;
habit of appointing jnst as many of these
agents as they pleased, and, as I understand, !
of paying them what they pleased-*—a most ;
extraordinary practice, it seems to me, and ,
one which, as far as I am able to understand '
the law, bas no warrant in the law. I do not :
think that there is any authority, or that any
can be found in any act of 1799, or any other
act, that authorizes this; but it has been the
practice. _ One Secretary after another has
followed it; and Secretaries of the Treasury
have appointed these persons and allowed them
salaries of $5,000 a year, and Congress has
never known anything about it. I understand
some of these agents have been stationed in
cities on a salary of $5,000and their incidental
expenses paid, where they have rented rooms
and furnished them extravagantly; and all this
has been paid out of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States,and Congress never had any account
of it at all. I am very glad to have a law on
the subject; but I am sorry that the Commit-
tee on Retrenchment has found it necessary
to have fifty-three of these officers. It does
seem to me that that is a very large number.
I think they onght to be appointed by the Pres-
ident and confirmed by the Senate. They are
very important officers. The pay they will
receive under this bill is to be ten dollars a
day and their expenses. You will have rooms
hired in the cities, furnished extravagantly,
and this will be a part of their expenses.
Mr. PATTERSON. Let me say to the Sen-
ator from Illinois that only two of these agents
are to receive ten dollars a day and their ex-
penses. The Secretary was rather desirous
of our allowing extra agents to be employed,
whom he might send abroad, at $2,000 a year;
but the committee thought it was not necessary,
and that two of the agents provided for in this
bill at ten dollars a day could perform the
duties.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are not all these agents
to have their expenses paid?
Mr. PATTERSON. Yes; but they are in
three grades.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware that they
are in three grades, one at six dollars, one at
eight dollars, and the other at ten dollars a
day. That is not extravagant.
_ Mr. PATTERSON. No; two out of the first
nineteen are to receive ten dollars, and the re-
maining seventeen eight dollars; the next eight-
een are to receive six dollars; another sixteen
five dollars.a day, each.,grade with their ex-
penses in addition to theper diem.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The per 4iem is not ex-
travagant, but under this provision to pay their
expenses you will find that a very much larger
sum than their per diem will be paid to them.
As they have to travel, perhaps it may be neces-
sary in some instances to pay their expenses;
but not only will those who travel have their
expenses paid. It has been brought to ray
notice during the present session of Congress
that we hafve One of these officers of the cus-
toms established in one of our cities on a salary
of $5,000 a year who has rented rooms and
furnished them, I am sure from what I have
heard, at not less than $5,000 more. What he
do«s I do not know particularly. I think there
was no authority-originally 
Mr. FOWLER. 1 wish to ask what the en-
tire actual expense will be of these fifty-three
officers, and what their duties will be?
-Mr. TRUMBULL. The entire cost it is im-
possible to state, because we do not know how
much will be allowed them for expenses; but
the per <2iem,the Senator from Tennessee will
see, is none too large. Five, six, and eight
dollars a day is w>t mote than they ought to
have. Their duties I cannot state so specific-
ally,- I have only a general opinion of what
theyare; but the particular officers I have been
informed about .perform very little service, as
I understand.
I am in favor of regulating this service'by
law, and I am not going to complain now, and
do not wish to cast any imputation upon the
Secretary of the Treasury for appointing these
officers. They have been appointed for years;
each Secretary followed the practice of his pre-
decessor, and they have understood the law to
be that they had authority to appoint these
agents,and: pay them what they pleased. I
think, it was not a fair construction, of the
statute.; but it is. not strange that each Secre-
tary should have followed the practice of the
