1870.
TflE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSfc
4121
stands, it seems reasonable to hope that not
another acre will ever again be ceded in the
manner indicated. The people of my own
State, in which the most of these Indian grants
are situated, have reason to rejoice over the
achieved downfall of this dangerous and uncon-
stitutional practice of the treaty-making power.
Sir, it is not my present intention to review
the subject of land monopoly; that has been
thoroughly and ably done by others. I pro-
pose to confine myself chiefly to a considera-
tion of the growth and present extent, the
advantages and disadvantages of the land-
grant system, whether given for railroads or
otherpurposes of internal improvement. I pro-
pose to ascertain some of its practical results;
to learn, if possible, what are its evils, what
the remedies, and in what manner it may be
expedient to limit the practice. At the out-
set, sir, I take occasion to declare that in my
judgment, the land-grant system, though now
open to the charge of reckless extravagance,
has on the whole been of great benefit to the
people of all the States, and thai with prudent
safeguards as to terms of disposal and area, it
may be continued and made productive of
greater results ill the future. The necessity of
deciding on some definite policy with regard to
the terms and limitations which shall govern
future grants will be apparent to all when an
estimate is given of the extent of those that
have already been made.
Mr. Speaker, we have already granted for
the use of railroads a total area of 182,108,058
acres. This was designed to aid, according to
an estimate made at the General Land Office,
the construction of 15,360 miles of road,
making an average of nearly 12,000 (about
13,850) acres per mile. The first grant to a
railroad was made in 1850. The present total
has taken twenty years to grow ; but its demands
have more than doubled since this Congress
first assembled. According to statements pre-
sented in a leading journal, there were pend-
ing at the beginning of the session, on the
Calendars of this and the other branch of
Congress, more than one hundred bills asking
for land grants, and the guaranty of interest
to an extent which seems to be incredible.
The number of miles of road to be constructed
is estimated at 13,490; the total amount re-
quired for interest on bonds would be about
$100,000,000, and the total number of acres
was estimated to be 216,-154,764, or about
16,450 acres per mile. In addition to this
a large amount is asked in aid of telegraphs,
canals, and other plans—allwithoutdoubt hav-
ing some idea of utility to recommend them.
They swelled the total amount covered by the
bills pending at the time indicated to not less
than 250,000,000 acres. Since the present ses-
sion begun a large number of bills have been
presented, enlarging the vast total to at least
260,000,000 acres. With these figures before
us, it is notstrange that the protest against the
continuance of a system threatening such un-
restrained extravagance as this should grow
in volume and earnestness, ignoring even the
great benefits which have accrued from the
rapid development of our territory and the
vastly augmented value of the lands remain-
ing in the hands of individuals, of theStates
and of the nation. The chief wonder is that
protests have not been heard before; that they
have not, is sufficient proof of the fact that the
people have fully comprehended the benefits
derived from the opening to settlement of their
common territory, trusting that the demand
for lands thus created would be in itself a suf-
ficient check to the monopolizing features of
the policy.
But, sir, with all the discussion had on the sub-
ject, it is evident that the feeling is against the
abuse and not the use of the public domain in
moderate quantities and with proper restric-
tions, to aid in the construction of railroads,
canals, or other public improvements by_ which
the interior of the continent is opened for set-
tlement, markets for the farmers' produce and
the mechanic's handiwork are created at their
own doors, the general wealth of the land is
increased and the prosperity of all civilized
peoples advanced. More even than the dread of
a ruinous land monopoly is that well-founded
fear which exists of the undue political and
legislative influence exercised by the great cor-
porations which owe so much of their power
and prosperity to the aid afforded by the land
grunts.
No one can fail to see that the tendency ef
all industrial and business enterprise is toward
association and consolidation. This tendency
is made necessary by the economies which the
inventive spirit of the age renders practicable.
Everything in business conspires to this end.
Especially is this seen in the management, far
more than in their construction, of the great
lines of travel and freight which our continental
area make indispensable. All the interior
States seem verging to the condition of vassal-
age to the trunk railroads which traverse them
from end to end, binding the States to each
other and offering to all the principal and to
many the only means of intercommunication,
whether of passenger or commercial transporta-
tion.
There were at the close of 1868 forty-two
thousand two hundred and fifr.y-five miles of
completed railroad in the United States, dis-
tributed geographically as follows :
New England States  4,019
Middle States   9,765
Western States     16,889
Southern States 10,683
Pacific Stale?  889
42,255
We may certainly add enough more com-
pleted during the past year to make at least
i'orty-four thousand miles.
From a valuable report made by Mr. Joseph
Nimmo, jr., to the Secretary of the Treasury,
"on the foreign commerce of the United
States," just published by order of this House,
1 take the following statistics:
Estimated value of merchandise transported by the
l'iiitioads of the United States, 1868...$10,472,250,000
Estimated gross earnings    400,000,000
Estimated cost  1,869,529,313
The same authority gives the foreign and
coasting carrying trades and that by canals, as
follows:
Estimated value of merchandise transported in
foreign trade m American and foreign vossels,
1868 £-827,598.038
Gross earnings  97,857,752
Gross cost  213,966,000
Estimated value coasting trade  $57,271,000
Estimated value of merchandise transported on the
ime canal, 1868 $239,561,569
Gruss earnings  9,012,659
Gross cost  39,152,640
These figures show directly and through con-
trast the huge capital employed in aud con-
trolled by the railroads. When it is realized
that these corporations yearly become as one
in management, unity of action, and general
purpose, it is easily seen that there should
arise a vigilant jealousy which closely scrutin-
izes their every step. At the present time
this forty thousand miles of railroad, aud
nearly two thousand millions of invested capi-
tal, with its gross annual return of four hun-
dred millions, is under the control of not more
than twenty-five men, who as presidents, direct-
ors, or superintendents of great "through
routes" are virtual masters of all. Power
grows by what it feeds upon. Experience has
proved this to the great cost of the mass of
mankind, whose struggles to overthrow in-
trenched privilege, power, and cupidity, has
marked so many eras with the blood of the
resist ants. llailroad managers are like all
others who obtain enormous powers—sure not
to be content with the legitimate oversight of
such extensive affairs as their position affords.
The history of Wall street for the past ton
years establishes this conclusively. The rail-
road gambling in stocks has at times pros-
trated individual credit and seriously affected
national finances. Three men to-day control
the whole of the great lines of'traffic from oar
commercial metropolis to the lakes. These
men are unscrupulous, daring, and able. The
corruption of the judiciary and dishonest con-
trol by them of this Legislature of one State
at least is not a matter of conjecture, but of
fact established by judicial record. These men
are the fungus of a system almost entirely un-
checked by a regard for the public welfare or
by any clear perception of the rights of the
community.
Sir, the tendency to consolidation to which
I have referred is more than a necessity with
these railroad managers. The prime object is
the deliberate conversion of competitive busi-
ness into one entirely non-competitivc in char-
acter. This effort is seen with just alarm, and
hence arises one of the chief causes of the
opposition manifested to the laud grant sys-
tem. That railroads are not amenable to the
economical law of supply and demand i&plainly
to be seen by a careful observer. Where the
remedy lies is not so plain. It is evident that
competition cannot be used successfully to
obviate any evils now attending the railroad
system. So long as these great public con-
veniences, these indispensable necessities, con-
tinue to be regarded aud treated in the way
and from the stand point simply of individ-
ual property there can be no solution of the
great economical problem connected with the
scicncc of transportation, and the solution of
which Bastiat, the French writer on political
economy, states tersely is "to bring the price
of things in their place of consumption as near
as possible to their price in that of production."
The new constitution of the State of Illinois,
framed by a convention non-partisan in its com-
position, meets this question so fully in all its
important aspects that 1 cannot refrain from
giving it in full, as follows:
"Sec. 9. Every railroad corporation organized or
doing business in this State, under the laws or au-
thority thereof, shall have and maintain a public
oSlice or place in this Slato for tho transaction of its
business, whero transfers of stock shall be made, and
m whieii sbail be kept for public inspection, books,
in which shall be iccorded tho amount of capital
stock subscribed, and by whom: the names of tile
owners of its stock, and the amounts owned by them
resx>eetively; tho amount of stock paid m and by
whom; tho transfeis of said stock; the amount of
its assets and liabilities, and the names and place of
residence of its officers. Thediroctom of every rail-
road corporation shall annually makonrcport, under
oath, to the auditor ot public account*, or someoliiccr
to be designated by law, of all their acts and doings,
which report shall include such maters relating to
lailroads as may bo proscribed by law. And the Gen-
eral Assembly shall pass laws enforcing by suitable
penalties the provisions of this section.
" Skc. 10. The rolling stock, and all other movable
property belonging to any railroad company or cor-
poration in this State shall be considered personal
property, and shall be liable to execution and salo
in tiic same manner as tho personal property of in-
dividuals, and the General Assembly shall pass no
law exempting any such property troni execution
and sale.
" Sec. 11. iSlo railroad corporation shall consolidate
its stock, property, or franchises with an> other rail-
road corporation owning a parallel or competing hue;
and in no case shall any consolidation take placo
except upon public notice given, of at least sixty days,
to all stockholders, in such manner as may be pro-
vided by law. A majority of the directors of any
railroad corporation now incorporated, or hereafter
to bo incorporated by the laws of this State, sha-ll bo
citizens and residents ot this State.
*' Sec. 12. Railways heretofore constructed, or that
may hereafter be constructed m this State, ate here-
by declared public highways, and shall be free to all
persons for the transportation ol thoii persons and
property thereon, under such regulations as may bo
prescribed by law. And the General Assembly shall
from time to tim,o pass laws establishing reasonable
maximum rates of charges for tho transportation of
passengers and freight on tho different railroads in
this State.
"Sue. 13. So railroad corporation shall issuo any
stock or bonds except for money, labor, or property
actually received and applied to the pmposes tor
which such corporation was created; and all stocK
dividends and other fictitious increase of tho capital
stock or indebtedness of any suchcorporation snail
be void. Tho capital stockofnoraiiroaucorporation
shall bo increased for any puipe&e, except upon giv-
ing sixty days' public notice in such manner as may
be provided by law. , . . ,
•• Sec. 14. The exercise <jf the power and the light
of eminent domain shall'never be so construed or
abridged as to prevent the taking bj tuo General
