1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
41st Cong....2d Sess.
State of Georgia—Mr. Morton.
Senate,
a doubtful question, if there were doubts hang-
ing around it, those doubts ought to be resolved
in favor of the unanimous opinion of the Union
party of the South.
Mr. President, there have been two or three
men here from Georgia claiming to be Repub-
licans who have been favoring and engineer-
ing what is called the Bingham amendment;
but upon investigation I find that not one of
them is in harmony with the Republican party
of the South, but every one of them is acting
in union and concert with the Democratic
party of the South. Then we have had some
letters sent here, and we have had some testi-
mony referred to by one Senator on the other
side to the effect that there was peace and good
feeling down there. General Thomas, in his
dispatch from Tennessee, explains that when
he says that some men have gone there from
the North who, for the purpose of purchasing
social position, for the purpose of purchasing
peace and quiet, have consented to surrender
their principles, and have given what may be
regarded as false testimony, and otherwise
have abandoned the entire loyal and Union
party of the South.
Mr. President, the Union men of Georgia
have been, as I regard it, grossly slandered and
abused. Every sort of statement has been
made against Governor Bullock and against
Poster Blodgett, and against many others. I
want to state one thing further, that some of
our Republicans who have gone South have
been misled by the testimony they received
down there and the treatment they received.
Prominent gentlemen of the Republican party
have gone South and have been met by the
rebel leaders with their carriage at the depot;
they have been dined and wined, and treated
with remarkable hospitality, and the gentle-
men treating them would say, "All these
stories about rebel outrages are fake ; the men
who have been punished are scalawags ; they
are thieves; but gentlemen like you, gentle-
men of high position in the Republican party
coming to the South, are received as you are ;
we have no objection whatever to Republicans
as such ; but it is only the thieves and the
scalawags that have been visited with punish-
ment." But, Mr. President, it turns out that
every prominent Republican in Georgia who
stands i'ast by the Government is covered with
the vilest slanders. Every invention that devil-
ish ingenuity can put afloat is started in regard
to those men ; and whenever a man is mur-
dered down there they seek to palliate the
crime by covering his name with the vilest slan-
deis. 1 can appeal to every southern Senator
heie to-day for the truth of what I say; and I
ain very sorry to find that these rebel slanders
against leading Union men of Georgia, against
the men who have stood up there through
danger und through contumely and assault,
find Republican echoes.
Mr." President, before I proceed to the dis-
cussion of the main matter in hand to-day I
want to notice a somewhat elaborate assault
made upon myself the other day by the distin-
guished Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Car-
penter,] not unkind at all in its character, and
of which I do not complain ; but the Senator,
for the purpose of placing me in what might
appear an inconsistent position, an embarrass-
ing position, read extracts from a speech that
I made some two years ago, and then claimed
that the position was the reverse of that which
1 assume now. I shall show to my friend from
Wisconsin, who I am confident does not wish
to do me any injustice, and to the Senate that
the case is quite different from what he repre-
sented, and that the question which was dis-
cussed upon that occasion by me is not the
question which is under discussion now. I shall
submit the evidence of what I say.
What was the proposition then made? Before
the adoption of the fifteenth amendment, while
the question of suffrage still belonged to the
several States by the express provision of the
Constitution of the United States, and when it
was claimed by myself that Congress had no
power to regulate suffrage in the States, but
that it belonged to the States, the proposition
was made that a State should never amend its
constitution so as to prohibit colored men from
voting, and this condition was to be submitted
by Congress and to become valid and binding
by the agreement and ratification of the State.
In other words, it was put expressly upon the
ground of compact, or, as the Senator from
Wisconsin the other day expressed it, of a
treaty made with a State. It was in this
aspect I discussed the question. I took the
ground at that time, and I think I took it
properly, that the question of suffrage in the
States could not be controlled by Congress,
and it was this conviction upon the part of a
majority in this body that led subsequently to
the adoption of the fifteenth amendment. But
I took another ground, and I stand by it now,
which was that a State could not divest itself
of a power vested in it by the Constitution of
the United States by virtue of making a com-
pact or a treaty with the Government of the
United States.
The question as to the power of Congress
under what is called the guarantee clause was
not discussed by me. It was hardly referred
to in that discussion by myself; but the ques-
tion was as to whether a State could by mak-
ing a treaty with Congress divest itself of a
power clearly vested in it by the Constitution
of the United States. I took that ground then,
and I take it now; and I will remind the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin that in the discussion
upon the Virginia bill he seemed to treat the
conditions in that bill as a compact. I denied
that; I said it is no compact. I deny the
power of compacts, and I do not agree that a
State has the power 
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. I think the Senator
has mistaken what I said on that occasion. I
combated the idea of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] as I understood it,
that that was a compact.
Mr. MORTON. I happen to have it right
here. The Senator from Wisconsin said :
"The Senator will pardon mo for interrupting him.
I understand him to agree with me that wo have a
perfect remedy under the Constitution. What I can-
not understand is that, with his theory and mine
that our true remedy under the Constitution is clear
and undoubted, wo are to gain any additional power
by what he calls this compact, or this fraud."
Mr. CARPENTER. " What he calls," not
"what I call."
Mr. MORTON. I said :
"I do not call it a compact. I beg to be understood.
I do not agree to compacts."
But I will not ask the Senate to take my
word for it, because I shall read from the ex-
tracts that the Senator read to show that I am
entirely correct in this statement. It is a mat-
ter of no importance, perhaps, so far as this
debate is concerned, but I choose to do it. As
a part of the extract the Senator read, I said :
"A Legislature that lias merely the ordinary powers
of legislation, that is not a primary body, but is the
creature simply of the constitution, cannot impose
a fundamental condition upon tho people of tho
State."
The question was there if Congress proposed
to a State that it should forever abandon the
power to amend its constitution upon the ques-
tion of suffrage, and the State Legislature
should agree to that condition, did it make a
binding and valid law? I said no, then ; I say
so now.
I read from the next extract the Senator
read:
"If these rights belong to the State when she comes
in under the Constitution of the United States, I ask
how can they betaken from her by a compact agreed
to by her State Legislature?'1
Now I read from the next extract the Sen-
ator read. I said:
"I contend that every State has the right to reg-
ulate the question of suffrage and to amend her con-
stitution in any particular from timeto time, so that
it does not cease to be republican in its character.
Mr. Edmonds. Who is to judge of that?
. Morton. I suppose that is a question to be
judged of by Congress. There is nothing peculiar
in that regard m respect to suffrage; but the ques-
tion is, how can any State by compact part with any
constitutional right without destroying the equality
of the States before the law?"
Now I come to the next extract the Senator
read:
'' The Legislature has the power to make contracts
in regard to matters within legislative control, and
tho question of taxation is within legislative control •
but the question of saying that a State shall never
amend its constitution upon a certain question fund-
amental in its character is not within legislative con-
trol."
Certainly I have never recanted one word
of it. Again I read from the next extract read
by the Senator:
" Mr. Morton. Mr. President, it seems to me that
this wholo question turns upon a point about which
there has been no discussion on this oocasion, and 1
bog leave to add, about which there is but little con-
troversy; and that is, whether, under the Constitu-
tion of tho United States, each State has a right to
regulate or control suffrage for itself? I have taken
that for granted, and I believe it has not been denied
by a single Senator on this floor. Now, sir, if that be
conceded it seems to me that the quostion is at an
end; lor if tho States individually have tho right to
control and regulate suffrage for themselves they
cannot, under another clause of the Constitution, bo
deprived of it even by their own constitutions or
compacts."
Again, I say in the next extract read by the
Senator;
"Neither has a State the right to alienate a right
which that State has as a State under the Constitu-
tion of tho United States.
Then I read from the next extract read by
the Senalor ; I will not read them all:
"I feel some interest in the question from the fact
that this legislation would be a blemish upon tho
legislation of Congress, that it would form a danger-
ous precedent. X think we have no right to assume
that we can take from States by contract"—
That is the point—
" rights which belonged to them by the Constitution
of the United States."
There are other passages which I might read
to the same effect, but I desire not to detain
the Senate.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] the other day very correctly described
the power under the guarantee clause as re-
sembling a sword that had long remained in
the scabbard, and has now been drawn out. Al-
though longconcealed from view, still the sword
■was there ; and I want to say to my friend from
Wisconsin that I used in the debate from which
he read language much broader than I would
do now, although I was debating the question
from an entirely different stand-point; and I
want to say that within the last two years my
attention has been directed to a great question,
as has that of the whole Senate—to the ques-
tion of the power of Congress to preserve and
protect the governments that we have set up
in the reconstructed States, and we have found
a fountain of power under the guarantee clause
which is ample for all purposes. I call the
attention of my friend to the fact that in the
discussion on the Virginia bill, after I had
stated that the power to reconstruct implies
the power to protect and to adopt, and to use
all means that are necessary for the protection
of these new Stale governments, Congress to
be the judge of the means, my friend from
Wisconsin, as I understood, indorsed my prop-
osition.
Mr. President, it is entirely competent for
an ordinary man like myself to become incon-
sistent in tho course of two years, to change
and modify his views upon constitutional law;
but it requires a man I think of transcendent
ability to be on both sides of a question at the
