1290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
honorable Senator sought to correct me are
immaterial. I would as soon have them in the
form in which the honorable Senator relates
them as in the form I stated them. That does
not affect my position or my principle. So
tar from being an enemy of the State of West
Virginia, when I was in the House of Repre-
sentatives thirty years ago I always went in
favor of a movement from West Virginia to be
constructed into a separate State, and I thought
it ought to be allowed by eastern Virginia.
But, sir, I will proceed with my argument.
In the apportionment of representation
among the States by Congress in 1862 seven
members were allowed to the State of Virginia,
and the proper number to all the States,
including those in rebellion, by name; and the
act of August 5, 1861, for the collection of i
a direct tax, imposed a specific amount upon t
each State and Territory by designation and ,
name: as, "to the State of Virginia, $937,-
550 66|." Before and after the suppression j
of the rebellion by the surrender of all its
armies Congress passed laws organizing all |
the States by nvne, including those in rebel-
lion, into circuit court districts; and the
judges of the Supreme Court parted out among
themselves the several districts. Upon the
surrender of Lee and Johnston and their
armies Congress established collection dis- ,
tricts in all those States by name; and the '
President nominated to the Senate judges, |
district attorneys, marshals, assessors, collect-
ors, &c., for the several States by name,
whom the Senate confirmed; and those offi-
cers were named and they and their successors
commissioned for the States respectively, and
have ever since executed their offices in them :
and the Supreme Court has heard and decided
cases from them and the other States alike.
When Congress proposed the thirteenth,
fourteenth, and fifteenth amendments of the
Constitution it submitted them to all the States,
including those involved in the rebellion. The
thirteenth was submitted February 1, 1865,
and the Secretary of State, December 18 of
that year, certified that it had been ratified by
receiving twenty-seven of thirty-six States,
being three fourths the whole number. The
Secretary set forth the names of the States
that voted for it, and among them were Vir-
ginia, Tennessee, Alabama, South Carolina,
Arkansas, North Carolina, and Georgia. After
the proclamation of ratification it received the
votes of New Jersey, of Oregon, California,
Iowa, and Florida, thirty-two total, from which
deduct the eight rebel States, and the vote
would have been twenty-four, three less than
the requisite number.
The fourteenth amendment was submitted to
the States June 16, 1866, the vote of twenty-
seven being necessary to ratify it, and on the
first vote of the States it received but twenty-
one, Tennessee beingcounted. Virginia, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida,
Alabama, Louisiana, and Arkansas, and also
Delaware, Maryland, and Kentucky, _ voted
against it. The Radicals regarded this vote
of the rebel States to be another revolt, and
resolved to suppress it promptly, and on the
2d of March, 1867, passed the notorious "act
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States," by which they abrogated their consti-
tutional State governments, formed by their
people respectively, and recognized by aH the
departments of the Government, and organized
for them separate military despotisms. The
fruits come in due season; Arkansas, Florida,
North Carolina, Louisiana, South Carolina,
Alabama,and Georgia, in 1868, voted again on
this amendment, reversing their previous vote,
and ratifying it. Deducting the vote of those
seven States and the fourteenth amendment
has the vote of but twenty-one States.
When the fifteenth amendment was submit-
ted the Radicals determined to have more cer-
tain mid direct work in relation to it, and
passed an act to admit the Senators and Repre-
sentatives of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas,
when those States should have ratified this
amendment. After having passed an act for
the admission of Senators and Representatives
from Georgia, and the House had permitted
her Representatives to take their seats and serve
a session, the Radicals of Congress passed
another act to exclude her Senators and Repre-
sentatives until her Legislature and people
should do their bidding in all things. States
being in the Union and having valid govern- ,
ments when they ratified Radical amendments
of the Constitution, and being out of the Union
and having no valid governments when they
voted against them! being pulled into the
Union and again thrust out of it for not having
filled the full measure of Radical policy and
expectations; and being required to amend the
Constitution, when by the hypothesis and acts
of Congress they were not States in the Union,
nor had valid State governments, nor were
allowed to be represented in either House of
Congress! Could anything short of insanity
or recklessness attempt to sustain such an un-
constitutional, incongruous, revolutionary, and
scandalous course of legislation ?
i I have shown to the Senate the governments
, of the rebel States, made by their people re-
i spectively, republican in form, modified by
I them after their submission bo as to become
more liberal than the governments of Mary-
! land, Delaware, and Kentucky ; recognized by
the Government of the United States, acting
by all its departments, in so many and such
various forms; and yet the dictum in the opin-
ion of White vs. Texas attempts to sustain the
reconstruction acts of Congress, and the whole
policy of it and the President also toward the
rebel States, solely under the provision of the
Constitution which requires the United States |
"to guaranty to every State in this Union a
republican form of government." It says: !
"In the exercise of the power conferred by the
guarantee, as in the exercise of every other consti-
tutional power, a discretion in the choice of means
is necessarily allowed. It is essential only that the
means must be necessary and proper for carrying
into execution the power conferred, through tho
restoration of the State to its constitutional rela-
tions, under a republican form of government, and
that no acts be done, and no authority exerted, which
is either prohibited or unsanctioned by the Consti-
tution."
This premise, as an abstract proposition, is
clearly and truthfully stated, but its application
to sustain the congressional and executive
reconstruction policy and measures shows the
influence of some strange hallucination. The
governments of Texas and all the rebel States
were republican in form, and consequently they
afforded no case for any exercise by the United
States of the guarantee power; but if they did,
the position that all the proclamations of the
President, and all the monstrous legislation of
Congress in relation to those States, were
necessary and proper to enable the United
States to assure to those States governments
republican in form, and that they were not pro-
hibited but sanctioned by the Constitution, is
certainly a remarkable result of human reason.
The proper mode would have been for Con-
gress to pass a bill specifying wherein the gov-
ernments of those States were not republican
inform, and to conform them or to require the
States to do that work. Such action of Congress
might have been made the basis of a case in court
for the decision of the question whether the
governments were republican in form. It
would have obviated those shocking scenes of
revolution, injustice, violence, and crime that
have appalled the reason and moral sense of
the nation.
This opinion says:
"But the restoration of the government which
existed before the rebellion without a new election
of officers was obviously impossible; and before any
such election could be properly held it was necessary
that the old constitution should receive such amend-
ments as would conform its provisions to the new
conditions created by emancipation and afford ade-
quate security to the people of the States."
From whence does Congress derive power
to pass laws to "afford adequate security to
the people of the States or to confer upon
emancipated slaves the right, of suffrage and
eligibility to office ; or the President to eman-
cipate slaves by proclamation ? Who ever heard
before of the emancipation of slaves giving
them the right to vote, or any other political
right ?  We have had slaves emancipated by
States aud by individuals to the number of
hundreds of thousands ; but never has it been
contended in this country before this revolution
that the emancipation of slaves gave them the
right to vote or any other political right.
A new election of officers in those States,
after the submission of their people, doubtless
was necessary, and it could have been had so
much more promptly and orderly, and without
any violation of great principles under their
existing constitutions and laws ; and if patriot-
ism,wisdom, and the Constitution of the United
States had ruled, they would have been so held.
This opinion further says :
" No one has been bold enough to contend that
whileTexas was controlled by agovernmenthostileto
the United States, and in affiliation with a hostile con-
federation, waging war upon the United States, Sen-
ators chosen by her Legislature, or Representatives
elected by her citizens, were entitled to seats in Con-
gress, or that any suit instituted in her name eould
be entertained in this court. All admit that during
this condition of civil war the rights of the State a3
a member and of her people as citizens of the Union
were suspended. The government and the citizens
of the State refusing to recognize theirconstitutional
obligations, assumed the character of enemies, and
incurred the consequences of rebellion."
This is the language of the opinion of the
court, which I propose now to combat in several
of its aspects; and it was with a view to com-
bat it in part that I quoted the many official
acts of the government of the State of Virginia
during the rebellion, and after her ordinance
of secession, that had been recognized by
Congress.
The words I have just read announce a very
bold position, which neither the facts nor prin-
ciple will sustain. The Supreme Court, the
Government, and the nation,'permitted, sus-
tained, and shouted for Judge Wayne's reten-
tion of his office as a justice of the Supreme
Court during the whole war and up to the time
of his death, notwithstanding he was a citizen
of Georgia. An drew Johnson, a citizen of Ten-
nessee, continued to serve as a Senator from
that State until he was appointed provisional
governor of it; and then was nominated by the
Radical party as their candidate for the Vice
Presidency with Mr. Lincoln; was elected, and
upon his death, succeeded to the Presidency,
without his right to any of those places ever
having been questioned. Virginia, while seven
eighths of her territory were held by the rebels,
and had a rebel State government organized,
which had its seat and was administered at Rich-
mond, the old capital, until the rebellion was
put down by force of arms, had, during that
whole period, the skeleton of a loyal State
government, comprehending the people and
senators and representatives of about one tenth
of her counties holding its seat at Alexandria;
and making the pretension of administering
the government of the whole State, was in
relations with the Government of the United
States, choosing Senators and Representatives
to Congress, voting in the presidential election
for Johnson and Lincoln; this skeleton Legis-
lature giving its assent to the formation of West
Virginia, and voting for the thirteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution abolishing slavery
throughout the United States. Tennessee and
Louisiana had Representatives in Congress
while the most of the territory of those States
was in possession of the rebels, and had govern-
ments organized and administered in hostility
to the Government of the United States, in
the face of these facts what becomes of the P081"
•tion in the Texas opinion so boldly taken"
During "this condition of civil war the
rights of Texas as a member of the Union an ^
ofher people as citizens "were not suspende
by the Constitution or by any ot its princip'  
