50G6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
can be of the kiud described in the first section
of this bill—long bonds redeemable, in thirty
years, free from tax, payable in coin, and of
small denominations running down to fifty
dollars.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I of coarse yielded
to tlie gentleman to hear that enunciation, for
it is the most important part of the debate, in
my judgment; because if we could be assured
beyond any peradventure that moneyed men
are willing in Europe or in America to give us
the benefit of this disparity in interest I am
not sure, if this bill were eliminated of some
of its bad features, I might not be induced to
vote for it.
But, sir, I am very reluctant, like my hon-
orable friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] and I will state the matter frankly, to
give up our constitutional sovereignty, and
alienate from Congress the power to tax these
bonds. I am reluctant to (lo that; for we do
not know what, exigencies may arise in the
future. If these bonds were allowed to go into
the market with that reservation, I do not
know but I would favor the passage of the bill,
notwithstanding the other objections which
may bo brought to various parts of it.
1 propose to give it iny very best considera-
tion in that regard, and will now speak to this
fifth section, to which I was about to address
myself when interrupted. This looks like what
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bct-
LEit] said it was, the establishment of a bank-
ing system by the Treasury of the United States
on a specie basis; that is the issue in gold cer-
tificates of three per cent, on this specie basis.
Allowing the Treasury of the United States to
receive these gold deposits and pay throe per
cent, interest looks like a new system of com-
plicated banking. I can regard it in no other
light, and it may become so complicated as to
become embarrassing, especially as it permits
the Secretary to use seventy-five per cent, of
the deposits in the redemption of bonds now
not yet matured. We have various kinds of cur-
rency. We have greenbacks, we have national
bank-notes, and we have gold notes, now issued
by the Treasury. We have gold used in Cali-
fornia and upon the Pacific coast, and used in
mercantile transactions. I would not, there-
fore, favor any more complications of our cur-
rency. The people do not want it, and stabil-
ity does not require it, and we ought to hesi-
tate before embarking on a system of money
of all denominations, based upon gold brought
out of the stockings of the old ladies in the
country.
Mr. Speaker, there are other objections
to this bill, which I will ponder well, however,
before I will give my vote against it. I am
not quite sure, even if this bill does pass, not-
withstanding tho assurance of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, that it
will secure the taking up of these bonds at this
low rate of interest. I am speaking somewhat
on both sides of the question, as I am anxious
that it may be looked at in every light and be
judged of fairly and fully. It may be worth
while to try the experiment, at least. If wo
can do it by a fair bill, properly stripped of all
these abnormal and these wrong amendments
and conclusions, of these various matters voted
up in this House, when they should have been
voted down, I do not know but I might vote
for the proposition included in the first section
of the bill; that is, if the bonds would be taken
with the power to tax reserved to Congress in
some form, and with a provision prohibiting'
the Department from indulging in the great
abuse previously practiced of employing agents
to fill their own pockets out of the sale of
these bonds.
Now, sir, much has been said in this House
by gentlemen on this side of it in reference to
"greenbacks" and in reference to the position
of the Democratic party on that subject. So
far as I am concerned I would like gentlemen
from the western country to ponder well one
thing before they go into the next election,
and especially in the election of 1872 ; and I
state it calmly for the consideration of western
gentlemen, that in New York, Connecticut,
and New Jersey, where the Democracy stood
upon the gold and silver basis, they have car-
ried the election, while they have uniformly
failed in Ohio, Indiana, and other States where
they have not exactly stood on that basis.
Mr. MORGAN. A word there.
Mr. COX. Not now. I have discussed that
before. I say to the Democracy of the West
that we have succeeded in the election when
we have stood upon a gold and silver basis,
while when they have stood on another basis
it is apparent that they have not succeeded,
although they have sent many honorable mem-
bers to this House. They have failed, because
they have not comprehended the glorious old
Democratic ideas of Jefferson and Madison
and of the Constitution of the United States,
which are condemned by certain gentlemen
within the hearing of my voice.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I would ask thegentle-
man whether he is now the gentleman from Ohio
or the gentleman from New York? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. COX. When I was a member from
Ohio I used the same words as I do now,
when a member from New York, and the
gentleman knows it. I was raised in the
Democratic party, on tho pot-metal basis, not
on the greenback, lamp-black, rag-paper cur-
rency basis. [Laughter.]
Mr. MOHG AN. The gentleman undertakes
to speak for the Democracy of the great State
of New York. There is no difference in prin-
ciple between the Democracy of New York
and the Democracy of the West. But the
country understands that Wall street is one
thing, and New York another, and a very dif-
ferent thing.
Mr. COX. I deny that I represent Wall
street, or that I speak for any class of spec-
ulators. I speak for the people from all parts
of the country.
Mr. MORGAN. The people are with the
Democracy of the West, and in harmony with
the Democracy the people will triumph.
[Here the hammer foil.]
Mr. KELLEY. I rise rather to reply to the
argument of tho gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] than to the argument of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Cox,] who, as
he has told us, spoke a little on both sides.
The gentleman from Massachusetts held up to
us the horrible phantom of the possibility of
having a thousand millions of gold in the Treas-
ury at three per cent. That assumes several
things, the chief of which is that the Secretary
of the Treasury shall bo both a knave and a
fool. The bill simply authorizes him to receive,
at a rate not exceeding three per cent., so much
gold on deposit as ho can make available in
the redemption of six per cent, bonds. There
is no thousand million dollars to be put there,
and if there were, the man does not live who is
fool enough to receive them on deposit and pay
three per cent, interest- on them if he could
only use a hundred millions at a time.
What would be the effect of carrying this
provision into operation? It would be this,
sir, that money would be deposited in the
Treasury that now lies buried in .southern
fields. It is known to the Committee of Ways
and Means that there are large amounts of
southern gold that would go into the Treasury
if it could be thus made available. There is
gold alt over the country. There is gold that
now flows out of the country which would rest
here if it could be made available at one and
a half or two per cent, per annum; for when
it crosses the ocean it goes to swell the accu-
mulating balances in the banks of France and
Hamburg, bringing almost no profit to its
owners. The question, then, is, would it not
be well to borrow money at one and a half or
two or three per cent, and use that money in
buyyig in six per cent, bonds; would it not
be well to use machinery of this kind to reduce
your standing rate of interest from six to four
per cent. ?
We are told by bankers and others that
those who would first take the two or two and a
half or three per cent, certificate, finding the
bond as available as the certificate, would soon
change the certificate into the bond. And I
believe that by the frequent use of $100,000,-
000 there could be changed from six to 1'our
per cent, all the bonds now overdue. The
Secretary is simply authorized to receivegold ;
not all the gold that offers, but as much as he
can make available in redeeming bonds that
are overdue. And it is known to mc, I beg
to inform the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Cox,] that large numbers of our own citizens,
business men, have declared their willingness
to exchange their six per cent, bonds for these
four per cent, bonds. Many reasons operate
to lead them to that conclusion. One is that
these bonds are not taxable. Another rea-
son is 
Mr. BIRD. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. KELLEY. I really have not time for
interruptions in a five minutes' speech.
Mr. BIRD. I merely wish to ask the gen-
tleman if he himself would make such an
exchange ?
Mr. KELLEY. I unhappily have no means
to make such an exchange. I am merely say-
ing that men as sensible and as patriotic as
the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Bird,]
and men of means, have informed the commit-
tee that they would be willing to make the
exchange.
Mr. BIRD. I have not come here to boast
of my patriotism.
M r. KELLEY. One gentleman said he would
gladly exchange $100,000 of his five-twenties
for these four per cent, bonds. Others have
said that they would gladly take ten, fifteen, or
twenty thousand dollars of these four per cents,
for this reason, that while banks can get six per
cent, gold for holding the bond, and lending
out money on call, business men are embar-
rassed in getting their loans.
But reduce the rate of interest on the bonds
to four per cent., and business men might hope
for the discount at the banks which they used to
have in olden times. There are many econom-
ical considerations that will induce the shrewd-
est business men of the country to aid the
Government in funding its debt, and therefore
in relieving the people of one third of the inter-
est on the five-twenties as rapidly as they
mature; indeed, in the instance of one gen-
tleman who pledges himself to take $100,000
of these bonds in exchange, a large portion of
them are not those that are overdue, and there-
fore are not those which the Secretary of tho
Treasury could call in by the notice proposed
in the bill.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means has spoken of the estimated amount
of gold now in the country. T do but reiterate
what he has said when I assure the House that
men who ought to know, men whose judgment
is confided in, men engaged in the heaviest
business transactions of the country, and who
have the fullest opportunity of ascertaining
such facts, assure us that there is in the coun-
try an amount certainly over two hundred mil-
lion dollars; and with that, or half of it, in
the Treasury of the United States, or subject
to the action of the Treasury, we could redeem
in a few months every overdue five-twenty bond.
1 have indicated, by stating the proposition of
one New England merchant, that a large num-
ber of those bonds that are not to be reached
by the provisions of this bill would also come
into the Treasury.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
ask the gentleman whether the Secretary of
the Treasury has recommended this section ?
Mr. KELLEY. I cannot say that he has
recommended it; but I can tell the gentleman
that the Committee of Ways and Means, after
the maturest deliberation, aud after investi-
