3178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
Department It is a very convenient power to
exercise. The Senator from New Hampshire
tells us that the Secretary wants this number
of agents fifty-three, he now having fifty-four.
I am notable to inform the Senator from Ten-
nessee what these fifty-three or fifty-four agents
have to do. It seems to me to be a verylarge
number, and 1 should like this bill better if
it provided for the appointment of these offi-
cers by the President and their confirmation
by the Senate, that we might know who they
were.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say that the num-
ber under the late Secretary of the Treasury
was as high as seventy-four or seventy-five.
The present Secretary has cut down the num-
ber to fifty-four. A delegation of the Commit-
tee on Retrenchment went to see the Secretary
to ascertain if he could not get along with a
less number than fifty-three. He said he could
not possibly; that that number was necessary
in order to examine the books and to detect
frauds which were being committed upon the
Government by officers and others in the col-
lection of the revenue and in smuggling. I
believe that the whole expense, supposing that
the entire number, fifty-three, is appointed,
will be about one hundred dollars a day less
than the amount now paid for this service.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish now to reply to
another question which I heard the Senator
from Tennessee propound to the Senator from
Illinois. It was, who are these officers and
what are their duties? They are detectives
mainly, and they are placed all along around
the border at distant paints from each other;
and my experience in the collection of the
revenue is such that I can say, without any
donbt whatever, that I have known no single
agent who has not been instrumental in put-
tine, I would almost say tenfold the amount
of his compensation into the Treasury by the
detection of frauds upon the revenue that
would never otherwise reach the collectors in
the world. They do it on all occasions. I
know a very large number of cases. They are
in the nature of detectives. When you place
one of these men in connection with each of
the principal collection districts of the coun-
try you will not have very many others to dis-
pose of. There is where they are; they are
with the principal collection districts, and they
are along the frontier; and they have been a
most economical force in aid of the finances
of the country. That I know.
Mr. FOWLER. I withdraw my objection,
but I wish to make a remark. The entire ex-
pense of this force will be $36,500 a year less
than what is now paid, as we are told. They
may, of course, be necessary and useful for the
purpose of collecting the revenue. I do not
know enough about that to understand pre-
cisely of what benefit they may be; but I be-
lieve what the committee have said in regard
to it, and I have no doubt they have tried to
cut down the expenses of the Government in
this way; but I hope still that this force will
not be appointed, t do not know that the Gov-
ernment can get along without them; but I am
ready to believe, reasoning from my knowledge
of the people of the United States, that they
could do without this kind of force. I think it
a terrible force—fifty-three detectives. It is
one class of the numerous swarms of spies and
informers that infest the country and will sooner
or later eat it up. Perhaps in this department
of the service they are less objectionable than
in any other, and I will grant that; but still I
think the committee ought to have cnt down
this force at least one half, and I shall vote
for the bill only out of respect to their judg-
ment. If I was to determine the question with
regard to my own feelings and judgment I
believe I should oppose the appointment of any
force of this nature.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Maine has
expressed the belief that this is an economical
measure, and that these agents are economical
officers; that they hare saved a great deal to
the Treiasury, detected a great many frauds. I
should like to inquire of him if he knows of
an officer of the customs service who has ever
been removed from office through the efforts
of these special agents and detectives.
Mr. WILLIAMS. They watch the smug-
glers.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is what I meant. They
; detect frauds committed by importers, not by
the officers.
:i Mr. HOWE. The Senator says they have
jj not detected any frauds in the officers of the
'i customs service, but frauds among the import-
! era. Has he known any prosecution instituted
; by the efforts of these agents ?
i Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, hundreds. While I
i I was collector at Boston they were as numerous
! almost as the stars. There was hardly a day
i that a suit was not instituted through the in-
strumentality of these men, without which
! they never would have been instituted.
; Mr. HOWE. That is refreshing. I guess,
then, we had better increase the number. I
• do not see the sense of striking dowu one of
j these faithful servants who are saving money
I to the Treasury. Besides that, I want to know
! what is the gronnd of the faith expressed by
the Senator from New Hampshire that striking
off one of these agents will save thirty-five or
thirty-six thousand dollars a year.
| Mr. PATTERSON. I referred to the num-
ber which had been in existence under the last
Administration, which was seventy-niue. I
; said seventy-four before, but there were sev-
i enty-nine under the last Administration. The
I present Secretary has cut down the number to
>! fifty-four, and this bill cuts it down to fifty-
; three.
j Mr. HOWE. This will not save much over
the present expense.
Mr. PATTERSON. No; but we do not
want the Secretary to have power to appoint
an indefinite number.
Mr. HOWE. I do not want him to have
that power. I do not know that I shall make
any objection to the passage of the bill; but I
think officers as important as these should be
appointed by the President and confirmed by
the Senate. Another question I should like
to have explained is what the reason is for
discriminating in the grades of these men.
Why divide them into classes, and discriminate
in the pay to be accorded to them?
Mr. CONKLING. If nobody else is dis-
posed to answer the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin I beg to make a suggestion to him.
First, if these men be nominated to the Senate
and confirmed here a proclamation goes abroad
who they are; and then, as the good book says
to us, it is idle to " spread a net in the sight
of any bird.'' If you are to notify all the smug-
glers on the frontiers of New York who the
particular man to set to watch them is they will
take notice of him.
The Senator asks, why grade them? I con-
fess the doubt the appeal suggests to me on
that point is in the other direction. You grade
them because you want men of different quali-
ties and different values. A man who is good
to act for a certain purpose which the Secre-
tary may have is a wholly inadequate man to
perform the functions of some of these officers,
if in truth there is any use for them at all,
because they require a good deal of compre-
hension, a good deal of talent In short, they
require a man whose time anywhere would be
of considerable use to himself or to somebody
else. Therefore, I assume, they are graded.
Now, let me state one thing which strikes
me about the bill. As I turn back and recall
men whom I have known within the last ten
years to occupy these positions in places of
importance, I think of men who cannot be
hired if they are to receive only $3,650—I
believe that is it; ten dollars a day and neces-
sary expenses. If necessary expenses mean
expenses aside from personal expenses and
family expenses (that is, those expenses only
which they incur by reason of their travel and
of their official Bervice) it leaves them for their
own maintenance and their own compensation
$3,650 a year. That will not, I am sure, ob-
tain the services of such men as I can remem-
ber. I do not refer at this moment to those
who are in the service now, for I do not know-
so well who they may be; but going back a
few years, I am sure I can remember men who
I believe were honest, and who I think ren-
l dered efficient service, such as the Senator
ii from Maine has spoken of, who would never
!i bargain their time in such service as this for
i that compensation. Therefore, it seems to me
if the service is to go on at all the provision
I should enable the Secretary, without proclaim-
ing to the world whom he selects, to select his
own agents; and then lam strongly inclined
to think that in order to render the service
. efficient there ought to be discretionary power
with him, or lodged somewhere else, which
ji will enable him to pay, at least to exceptional
! men, more compensation than that established
by these grades.
Mr. MORTON. I know something about
the character of the service performed by these
special agents. It is essentially confidential
in its character, at least to a very great extent.
It seems to me it would be entirely improper
to require nominations to be sent to the Senate
for these appointments and have them con-
| firmed in the usual way by the Senate. These
1 appoidtments are often temporary; they de-
j pend upon the exigencies of the service. The
Secretary may want twenty next week for a
short time, then to be discharged. I think he
should not be limited in the number. If the
service required him to appoint seventy-five
instead of fifty-three he ought to have the
power to do it. The service is of that particu-
lar character that he should not be limited in
the number. Eutertaining these views, I think
it my duty to object to the present considera-
tion of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana objects, and the bill will be passed over.
ABANDONED PROPERTY.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 173) to enable the
Secretary of the Treasury to collect wrecked
and abandoned property, derelict claims, and
dues belonging to the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That had better go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
SOULE AND COMPANY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 891) for the relief of Charles E.
Dole ; which was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. By its terms the Secretary of
the Treasury is authorized to ascertain, in such
manner as may be satisfactory to him, the facts
connected with the importation of certain
pork, flour, fish, and other supplies, valued at
$1,530 40, in 1868, by Soule & Co. at Moose
river, in the collection district of Bath, in the
State of Maine, and if he shall be satisfied
that these articles are as alleged of the pro-
duce, growth, or manufacture of the United
States, in the same condition as when exported
therefrom, the Secretary .is authorized to remit
or refund the duties accruing on the importa-
tion of the same.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. An amend-
i ment to the title was the only amendment
made by the Committee on Finance. After a
fall examination the bill was found to be cor-
rect, but by a singular inadvertence the name
Of the party was wrongly inserted. This was
the firm of " Soule & Co." Charles E. Dole
was "company," and the bill was entitled
" For the relief of Charles E. Dole," whereas
it should have been "For the relief of Soule
& Co."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title will be
so amended.
