276
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
[April 14,
Senate.
State of Georgia—Mr. Morton.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
same time, in the same debate, and in the same
speech. My friend, in the early part of his
speech that I refer to, denied the power of
Congress to interfere with a State after her
admission except in particular cases; he con-
fined it to the form of a republican govern-
ment ; but in the conclusion, when he came to
speak of the Bingham amendment, he con-
ceded a power to Congress as broad and as
ample as I have ever claimed. My friend con-
cedes that by the constitution of Georgia the
Legislature has the power to put off the elec-
tion one, two, or three years. He concedes
that that is the constitution of Georgia, and
he claims that Congress under the guarantee
clause has a right to interfere to nullify a pro-
vision of the constitution of Georgia—has a
right, in point of fact, to make a new clause of
the constitution, taking from the Legislature
this power and requiring the election to be
held next fall.
Mr. President, who has ever gone further
upon that question in this Senate ? When my
friend comes to refer to the Bingham amend-
ment he then rushes to the sanctuary of the
guarantee clause and takes hold of the horns
of the altar and gives to it a construction as
broad and ample, and I may say more latitudi-
narian, than ever I have claimed for it. I shall
not waste more time on this subject.
1 want to say, in reference to the argument
of the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Car-
penter] and that of some others, in connec-
tion with what was said by the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] yesterday, that if
Congress has the power to say that an election
shall take place in Georgia next fall, it has
the power to say that it shall not take place
for two years. There can be and has been no
distinction made ; and to require it to take
place next fall is simply to provide for put-
ting the State promptly into the hands of the
rebels. To provide that it shall take place
two years hence is to provide for the benefit
of the loyal men of that State, giving the
State government two years' time in which to
operate and make provision for the protection
of the loyal men.
I am willing, and I think that is the better
plan, for Congress to strike out the Bingham
amendment and stop there. Be silent. Leave
to the Legislature and the courts of Georgia
the construction of their constitution. But if
gentlemen are not willing to do that; if they
insist that Congress shall intervene, I beg of
them, I implore them in the name of human-
ity, that this intervention shall be in behalf of
loyalty and not of disloyalty; that it shall be
of that character which will give protection to
the loyal men, and will not deliver them over
bound hand and foot into the hands of their
enemies.^ If they must intervene, in the name
of God intervene on the right side. Do not
intervene in behalf of your enemies.
Mr. President, we have had a great deal of
law presented iu the course of the discussion
on these various bills; we have had a great
deal of nice legal learning; but v/hat we need
in discussions on government are the solid sub-
stantial principles ot law in their breadth and
depth and grandeur, not the technical learning
of the law. Technicalities of the law are the
mere husks and shells that should be carefully
screenedout in all discussions upon government.
The celebrated firm of Quirk, Gammon & Snap,
who did such a fine business upon the technic-
alities of the law fifty years ago, are not doing
nearly so well now. The courts have been
greatly improved in this respect, and I trust
*. hat that style of learning will not be intro-
duced into the Congress of the United States
in discussions of great questions which affect
the lives and fortunes of thousands and hun-
dreds of thousands. A ease lawyer in court,
instead of reasoning upon the principles of the
law is always looking back after an old case,
and it sometimes happens in politics that states-
men instead of confronting the situation before
them and seeing what is required, are looking
back for a rusty precedent to find what some-
body else has said under other circumstances,
and in different times. Mr. President, it ia
sad in a time like this to be met by a plea
in abatement, or by a special demurrer; to be
compelled to chop logic and split hairs with
our friends.
I come now, Mr. President, to the main sub-
ject, and I refer here to some remarks made
by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. TnuRMAlf] a
few days ago. In speaking of this bill he said
that the charge of murder and violence in the
South was the regular " rub-a-dnb-dub" of the
Republican party whenever it was about to
commit anything particularly wicked or mean.
The Senator by his remarks intended to cast a
doubt upon the truth of these things ; to imply
that they were wicked inventions for political
purposes. He seemed to deny the existence
of the Ivuklux Klan or secret organizations in
the South, and he said that in the city of New
York there was perhaps a murder committed
every day, and that was not in a reconstructed
State. Well, Mr. President, it may be possi-
ble that in a city which gives fifty thousand
Democratic majority like the city of New York,
and the kind of majority it gives, there may be
a murder committed every day ; but that does
not meet the grave facts in reference to the
southern States as I shall try to present them.
The Senator from Ohio says that our recon-
struction policy is a failure. I deny that state-
ment. It is not a complete success, but it is a
great success; and I want to say to him and
the whole country that if our reconstruction
policy is a failure it is because the Democratic
party have tried to make it a failure; every-
thing has been done on their part that could
be done to make it a failure; every obstacle
has been cast in its way from first to last, and
if it is a success it is a success in defiance of
and in despite of the Democratic party.
And now, Mr. President, I come to the
question, who are chiefly responsible for the
innumerable murders and outrages and name-
less crimes that are continually taking place in
many of the southern States ? Who are chiefly
responsible? I answer that question by saying
the Democratic party of the North, through
their newspapers, through their conventions,
through their teachings, through their influ-
ence upon the people of the South, have con-
tributed more than all other causes to bring
about this state of things. Why, sir, the plat-
forms of the Democratic conventions in the
various northern States all united in declaring
that our reconstruction acts were unconstitu-
tional and void, and by the most violent and
inflammatory resolutions stimulated the south-
ern people to resistance. Not to go back
beyond the time of the passage of the first
reconstruction measures, I will present a spe-
cimen of the advice, of the instruction given
to the southern people by the Democratic
party in their State conventions in the North.
I have some seventeen or eighteen of them
here, but I have not the time to read them all.
I will, however, read two or three as speci-
mens. First, the Democratic State conven-
tion of Indiana, in 1868, passed this resolu-
tion :
"Resolved, That language is inadequate to express
our abhorrence and condemnation of the Radical
reconstruction policy of Congress, a policy con-
demned by every consideration of justice and con-
stitutional obligation, a policy fraught with the most
alarming apprehension of evil to ten States of the
Union ana of destruction to the Union itself, a pol-
icy that largely increases taxation, a policy that
requires a large standing army, which adds nearly
one hundred million dollars annually to the expenses
of the Government, while it beggars the people."
I now read a resolution passed by the Dem-
ocratic State convention of Ohio in 1868:
"12. That the numerous, palpable, and high-
handed usurpations of the party in power, their
many public and private acts of tyranny, trampling
under foot the civil law and the guarantees of the
Constitution; their continuing to deprive sovereign
States of representation in Congress, and to govern
said States by military rule, show them to be the
party of despotism and unworthy the confidence and
support of a free people."
I will next read a resolution passed by the
Democratic State convention of New Hamp-
shire in 1868; and these are fair specimens of
all their resolutions ;
"That the congressional plan of reconstruction,
as confessed by its framors, wholly outside the Con-
stitution, is a revolutionary usurpation; and that
the attempt by Congress to establish the practical
supremacy of the negro race is a most atrocious
crime against the principles of republican govern-
ment and the civilization of the age, and deserves
the severo and indignant denunciation ot every true
American citizen,"
That is a fair expression of the action of the
Democratic party of the North from the time
that the reconstruction measures were first
passed up to this time ; and I have only to say
that if the southern people believe what their
northern friends say in regard to the uncon-
stitutionality of these acts and the terrible
oppression that they are laboring under the
southern people are bound by every principle,
human and divine, to resist the Government
of the United States.
Mr. President, this whole policy culminated
and was summed up in the platform adopted
by the Democratic party in national conven-
tion in New York in 1868, and I beg leave to
read from that platform. I will not read the
whole of it, but I will read so much as shows
its character. That platform declares, in its
arraignment of the Republican party :
" Instead of restoring the Union it has, so far as in
its power, dissolved it, and subjected ten States in
time of profound peace to military despotism and
negro supremacy."
And then further on it says :
"And that we regard the reconstruction acts (so
called) of Congress, as, such as usurpations, and un-
constitutional. revolutionary, and void."
This was the declaration of the New York
convention. I will now refer to the letter writ-
ten by General Blair before the convention
met, and which gave him the nomination for
the Vice Presidency upon the Democratic
ticket. In his letter he said :
"The reconstruction policy of the Radicals will be
complete before the next election; the States so ex-
cluded will have been admitted, liegio suffrage estab-
lished, and the carpet-baggers installed in their seats
in both branches ol Congress. There is no possibility
of changing the political character of the Senate,
even if the Democrats should elect their President
and a majority of the popular branch of Congress.
We cannot, therefore, undo the Radical plan of re-
construction by congressional action; theSenatewill
continue a bar to its repeal. Must we submit to it?
llow can it be overthrown? It can only be over-
thrown by the authority of the Executive, who is
sworn to maintain the Constitution, and who will
fail to do his duty if he allows the Constitution to
perish under a series of congressional enactments
which are in palpable violation of its fundamental
principles.
"If the President elected by the Democracy en-
forces or permits others to enforce these reconstruc-
tion acts the Radicals, by the accession of twenty
spurious Senators and fifty Representatives, will
control both branches of Congress, and his adminis-
tration will be as powerless as the present one of
Mr. Johnson.
"There is but one way to restore the Government
and the Constitution, and that is for the President-
elect to declare these acts null and void; compel the
Army to undo its usurpations at the South; disperse
the carpet-bag State governments; allow the white
people to reorganize their own governments and
elect Senators and Representatives.
"The House of Representatives will contain a
majority of Democrats from the North, and they
will admit the Representatives elected by the white
people of the South, and with the cooperation of the
President it will not be difficult to compel the Sen-
ate to submit once more to the obligations of the
Constitution. It will not be able to withstand the
public judgment if distinctly invoked and clearly
expressed on this fundamental issue, and it is tho
sure way to avoid all future strife to put the issue
plainly to the country."
He declared that if there was a Democratic
President elected it would be his duty to dis-
perse these new State governments at the point
