22:34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator from
Ohio is beyond question 
Mr. SHERMAN. I feel it my duty to call
for the.regular order of business. We are
wasting time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This debate has
been indulged by unanimous consent. The
Senator from Ohio calls for the regular order
of business. If there be no further reports of
committees, the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions is now in order.
bills introduced.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 109)
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Central
Pacific railroad, in the State of Nevada, to the
Colorado river; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLINGr asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 710) to regulate the taking of testimony in
the courts of the U nited States; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have had a bill put into
my hands with the request that I should intro-
duce it. I know nothing of its merits or de-
merits. I ask to have it referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 711) supplementary
to an act entitled "An act regulating the rights
of property of married women in the District
of Columbia," passed April 10, 18(i9 ; which
was read twicc by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. REVELS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
712) granting lands and the right of way to aid
in the construction of the New Orleans and
Northeastern railroad ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 713) for the relief of preemption settlors
in the land district of West Point, in the State
of Nebraska ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lauds,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
714) authorizing the city of Washington to
erect a market-house on the site of the Center
Market, and on the reservation bounded by
Tenth and Twelfth streets west and C street
north and the canal; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 715) supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to protect all persons in the CJnitedStates in
thoir civil rights and'furnish the means of their
vindication," passed April 9, 1806 ; which was
readtwice byits title, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. It. No. 168) explanatory of the pro-
visions of the fourth article of the treaty of
February 23,1807, with the Shawnee, Quapaw,
and other Indians; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to bo printed.
freedom of the amazon.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Unsolved, That tho Secretary of State be requested
to furnish the Senate with copies of all the papors
addressed to the State Department by J. Randolph
Clay, while United States minister at Peru, relating
to the river Amazon and to'its orjenincr to the r-om-
©eree of 9,11 nation?.
coast survey kepokt.
Mr. PATTERSON submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed two thousand
extra copies ot the report of tho Superintendent of
the Coast Survey for 18C9, of which one thousand
copies shall be lor the use of tho Senate and one
thousand copies bo for distribution by tho Superin-
tendent of tho Coast Survey.
state op texas.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from
the further consideration* of the Texas bill,
with a view to immediate action. Of course
I know that if objection is made to this motion
it must go over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The _ Senator
from Ohio submits a motion, which is in the
nature of a resolution, that the Committee on
the Judiciary be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill in regard to Texas.
Mr. VICKERS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the motion will lie over.
pension laws.
Mr. FENTON. I offer a resolution, and
ask for its present consideration. I am not
certain but that the subject referred to in this
resolution has been embraced in a report made
by the honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Pbatt] this morning from the Committee on
Pensions ; but I venture to ask that this reso-
lution be adopted, so that we may have the
action of that committee on the subject.
"Whereas the Secretary of tho Interior has decided
that tho act approved July 27,1868, applies to those
who arc pensioned by special act of Congress: There-
fore,
Resolved. That tho Committee on Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into and report whether the^lan-
giutgo of said act permits such a construction; and
if so, whether it bo not just and expedient that there
bo some legislation to the end that persons pen-
sioned by special act be oxcepted from the operations
of said act.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
northern pacific haiivway.
Mr. NORTON submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Interior be,
and ho is hereby, requested to furnish to tho Sonata
eopics of all reports made by tho Northern Pacific
ltailroad Company, and now on file in the Depart-
ment of tho Intorior.
national union havingri-lunk.
Mr. HAMLIN, (during the introduction of
bills.) I ask the Senate to take up the bill
incorporating a savings-bank in this city, it
will take but a few moments, and there nro
particular reasons why it is desirable it should
be passed soon. It is the bill (S. No. 550) to
incorporate the National Union Savings-Bank
of the District of Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The introduction
of bills and joint resolutions is still in order.
Mr. SAWYER, (while resolutions were being
offered.) I ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to take up Senate bill No. 252 to pro-
vide for the sale of certain lots and lands of
the sea islands of Beaufort county. South Car-
olina, and for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine has asked previously to take up a bill.
The morning business having been con-
cluded,
Mr. HAMLIN. I renew my request that tho
Senate take up for consideration the bill to
which I have already alluded.
Mr. SAWYER. I am not going to object
to the bill of the Senator from Maine, but E
give notice that I shall object to every bill that,
comes up in the morning hour hereafter out of
its order. 1 have been trying for six weeks to
get before the Senate the bill which T have
mentioned, and unless we pursue the regular
order I shall never be able to reach it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine asks unanimous consent to proceed to
the consideration of the bill (S. No. 550) to
incorporate the National Union Savings-Bank
of the District of Columbia. Is there objec-
tion? The Chair hears none.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. The Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia had reported
the bill with an amendment to strike out all
after the enacting clause and insert the fol-
lowing:
That George II. Plant, William S. Huntington,
Lewis Clephane, II. A. AYillard, George W. Adams,
S. P. Brown, William Stickney, B. P. Snyder, A. L.
Sturtavant, J. H. Lathrop, Nathaniel Wilson, R. D.
Mussey, Zenas C. Bobbins, William B. Todd, Edward
Simms, Joseph Casey, James M. Latta, Henry "Wil-
lard, William 11. Philip, Alexander 11. Shepherd,
William P. Bole, Ilugh McCulloch, and Matthew G.
Emery, arc hereby created, and their successors and
assigns shall be, and they are hereby, declared to be
a body politic and corporate by the name andstylo of
the National Savings-Banlcof the District of Colum-
bia, and by that name shall have succession and bo
capable in law to sue and be sued, plead and be im-
pleaded, answer and be answered, defend and be
defended, in all courts of law and equity and else-
where ; to make and to use a common seal, and tho
same to alter or renew at pleasure, and generally to
do and perform all things relative to the object of this
institution which is now or shall be lawful for any
individual or body-politic or corporate to do.
sec. *2. A ad be it further enacted, That the officer*?
of said corporation shall consist of a president and
vice president, who, together with seven trustees,
shall constitute a board of managers, four of whom,
if tho president or vice president be present, shall
constitute a legal meeting of such board for the
transaction of business.
Sue. 3. And be it further cnacted, That said corpor-
ation shall meet annually m the month of April, and
as much oftcner as they may judge expedient, and
any seven members of-said corporation, tho presi-
dent, secretary, or treasurer being one, shall be a
quorum, and the said corporation at their annual
meeting shall have power to elect a president^anda
treasurer, who shall give bond in tho sum of $10,00!)
for the faithful discharge of tho duties of his officc.
and all such other officers as may be deemed neces-
sary ; which officers shall continue in office one year
and until others are chosen in thoir stead ; and all
officers so chosen shall bo under oath to tho faithful
discharge of the duties of their offices respectively.
sec. 4. And be it further cnacted, That said corpor-
ation may receive on deposit, for the use and benefit
ol the depositors, all sums ot money oifcred for that
purpose. All such sums may be invested in the stock
of any bank incorporated by Congress, or may bo
loaned on interest to any such bank, or may be loaned
on bonds or notes, with collateral security of the
stock ot such banks at not more than ninety per
cent, of its par value, or they may be invested at
the public funds of the United States, of the several
States, or loaned on a pledge of any of said funds, or
invested in loans or mortgages of real estate: Pro-
vided, That the whole amount of stock held by the
institution at one time in any one bank, both by way
of an investment and as a surety for loans, shall not,
exceed one half of the capital htoclc of such bank,
and that not more than three qnarl ers of tho whole
sum deposited in tho institution shall bo at any one
time invested in mortgages of real estate. Tho in-
come or interest ofa 11 deposits shall bo divided among
tho depositors, or their legal represent atives, accord-
ing to the terms of interest stipulated; and the prin-
cipal may be withdrawn at such times or in wuoh
manner as the corporation shall in its by-laws direct.
sec. 5. And be it jurlhor enacted, That no officer,
director, or committee charged wjth tho duty of in-
venting the deposits shall borrow any portion thereof,
or use the same, except in payment of the expense*
of tho corporation; audi! any officer, director, agent,
or other person connected with id bank, and inU r-
estcdwith the funds or deport** thereof, .-hall em-
bezzloor fraudulently convert the same to his own
u.>c, he shall be deemed guilty ot larceny, and shall,
on conviction thereof by any court of-uipctcnt to hy
the offense, be imprisoned m the peaitentiarynoc les-
than one nor more tiian tea yeais,
SnO. (), And be it jurthcr c>iua'<d, That the subor-
dinate officers and agents of sa,id corporation shail
respectively give such security for their fidelity and
good corifluct as the board ot managers mav from
time to lime require, and said bjurd shall iix the
salaries ot such officers and agents.
ftEC. 7. And be it,further aurctcd, That the persons
named as corporators in the But section of this act
shall be authorized to meet and organize said bank
by the election ot one of their number as president
and one a? vice president, and thereupon shall pro-
ceed to elect such persons js they ska) I select, to be
audeu to their board ot managers, so that the wholo
number of trustees or managers, including the
president and vice president, shall not exceed nine
person^.
Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted. That this coi posi-
tion shall mako an annual report to Congress of their
lands and investments. Said returns shall specii'v
the following particulars, namely: tho number ot"
depositors; total amount of deposits; amount in-
vested in bank stock and deposited in bank on inter-
est; amountpccurod by bank stock; amount invested
in public funds; loans on security of public kinds;
ioans/m mortgage of real estate; loans on persona!
seeuiities, amount of oaidi on hand; total dis idendf.
of the year; animal e;c!>on>=es of the? in ditution; ail
