18*0.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
an
41st Cong. ... 2d Sess.
State of Georgia—Mr. Morton.
Sjbnate.
of the bayonet, to overturn by force and vio-
lence what had been done, to establish a revo-
lution, and to restore, as he said, the white men
to power. The canvass of 1868 on the part of
the Democratic party was made upon a revo-
lutionary basis. These documents are all in-
cendiary documents. They are all pleas for
revolution. They all sound like Mexican pro-
nunciamentos. They breathe the ferocity of a
Spanish manifesto. The party went into the
canvass upon the strength of that platform,
this letter and all these State platforms, and
now I call your attention to it. What was the
result? I call your attention to the practical
results of this teaching upon the part of the
Democratic party. This instruction took root,
it bore fruit sixty and a hundred fold, and it is
now blossoming for a fresh crop of murders and
nameless villainies.
Why, Mr. President, one of the first results
after the convention of the 4th of July, 1868,
was the expulsion of the colored men fwm the
Georgia Legislature. Was the performance
of that revolutionary act in exact accordance
with the platform adopted in Now York? If
I advise a man to go and kill my neighbor, and
he proceeds from my presence and kills my
neighbor, am I not responsible before God and
man ? And when the Democratic party in the
city of New York advised southern people to
resistance and to revolution, and the first act
was to revolutionize the Legislature of Geor-
gia and expel the colored men from that body,
was not the party in its convention responsible
for the act as if it had been present aiding and
abetting?
Democratic politicians pretended to be in-
credulous about the existence of secret societies
in the northern Statesduring the war. We had
a vile conspiracy, known as the Knights of the
Golden Circle, in Indiana, established in 1861,
and under various names and forms continued
until 1864. I was the Governor of the State
at that time, and was watching its progress
through the war, and was denouncing it upon
the stump and in every way, and yet the
Democratic newspapers of Indiana solemnly
asserted that my declarations were false, and
they charged from 1861 to 1864 that the whole
story of secret societies in Indiana and con-
spiracies was a wicked invention for political
effect. Again wo find the same thing in regard
to the Kuklux of the South. Gentlemen pro-
fess to be incredulous ; they do not believe a
word of it. The Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Saulsbuky] the other day said he hoped to
live long enough on this earth to see a living
Kuklux. Well, Mr. President, I have here the
ritual of the Kuklux order. It was dug up in
the State of Tennessee during some of the re-
cent troubles they had down there. I should
like to read one extract from it. I will read
the titles of the officers, which will give the
ghostly, and diabolical character of the society:
"The officers of this « shall consist of a grand
•wizard of the empire and his ten genii; a grand
dragon of the realm and his eight hydras; a grand
Titan of the dominion and his six furies; a grand
giant of the province and his four goblins; a grand
cyclops of the den and his two nighthawks; a grand
inagi; a grand monk; a grand exchequer; a grand
Turk."
These titles are intended to portray, and do
pretty well, the murderous and diabolical char-
acter of this organization, as I shall show
hereafter.
And now, Mr. President, I call your atten-
tion to the fact that while the war was pro-
gressing, and our prisoners were being starved
and tortured and murdered in Libby and Salis-
bury and other prisons in the South, the Demo-
cratic party of the North were utterly incredu-
lous upon that subject. We could not make
them believe it. They professed to believe
that these were Radical inventions for the
purpose of having political effect; but when
the war was over and we went down there and
counted the graves alongside of those rebel
prison-pens we found the visible physical evi-
dence of the truth of all, we have said, and
more.
Now, sir, talking about a living Kuklux, I
have had the fortune or the misfortune to see
one of them since the progress of this Georgia
debate. One of them has been in this city,
and I believe is here now, a man of talents and
education, who called upon me to argue me out
of my convictions upon the Georgia question—
a man who in different places in this city de-
clared himself to be a member of the Kuklux
organization, and gloried in it. I presume he
called upon many other Senators. This Ku-
klux, openly avowed, has named his child, very
properly, "John Wilkes Booth," the original
Kuklux.
The Senator from Alabama [Mr. Warner]
presents me with one of their letters, one of
their warnings, with the inscriptions and out-
lines upon it, for the purpose of conveying
evidence of their bloody intentions.
I now state what I shall attempt to prove,
that there is an organized conspiracy in all the
southern States for the purpose of breaking
down the Republican party or the Union party
by deeds of blood and violence, by creating a
reign of terror that shall induce Union men
either to abandon the country or to abandon
their principles and purchase their peace and
safety by silence; and that—I say it with pro-
found regret—there are men of position and
character in the Democratic party in the South
who connive at this conspiracy, conceal it where
they can, palliate its crimes, and in all cases
protect the members of it from punishment.
Not one of them has been brought to punish-
ment throughout the South. Notwithstanding
they are covered with blood and crime as no
other organization has ever been, yet their
friends are so numerous and strong that not
one of them has been brought to punishment.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] has just presented a letter to me, sent to
him from the other House, with the name cut
out. It would not do to give the name of any
one who writes a letter on this subject. It
would undoubtedly forfeit his life. I should
like to have this letter read, but I have not the
time. I have hundreds of them here, which
have been received within the past four or five
weeks by members of Congress. I can but
refer to them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Can you give us the
name of the member of the Kuklux to whom
you refer? It would be safe to let us have his
name.
Mr. MORTON. I can. I will give it to the
Senator. I do not care about mentioning it
here; but I can give the Senator the name of
the Kuklux.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not doubt your
statement. I only wish to know the name.
Mr. MORTON. He is well known to many
gentlemen on this floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He ought to be publicly
known.
Mr. MORTON. Perhaps that is true ; but
I am not here in the character of an informer.
I state the fact.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from In-
diana will allow me, I cannot find that this
extraordinary person of whom he has spoken
has called upon a single member of the Oppo-
sition, and I trust the Senator will mention his
name if he knows it.
Mr. MORTON. Thatisperhapstrue. When
the Senator says he has not called on him that
establishes the fact with me. He has called
probably on Republicans. I know he has
called upon me, and I know that he has called
upon others here.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator will allow
me, I do not doubt that a person called on the
Senator who so represented himself.
Mr. MORTON. He did not so represent
himself to me. He would not have talked to
me for a moment if he had.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am only surprised that
some gentlemen of the Republican party among
whom lie has called have not taken steps to
hand him over to the proper authorities for
punishment.
Mr. MORTON. They could prove that he
belongs to this order by his own confession,
but they might not be able to prove his crimes.
Mr. CASSERLY. If he states so, that is
pretty good evidence.
Mr. MORTON. I think it is good evidence.
Sir, this organization is indeed "a league
with hell and a covenant with the devil." It
is the fermentation of the very dregs aud set-
tlings of the war into a vile miasma to poison
and corrupt the whole moral and political
atmosphere of these southern States.
Now, Mr. President, I do not say that all
the southern Democrats are Kuklux; far from
it; but I do say, from the evidence, that all
the Kuklux are Democrats; that it is an or-
ganization inside of the Democratic party in
the southern States, working for its benefit,
its labor accepted, and its members protected
from punishment. That is my proposition.
Why, sir, we had the Kuklux partially justified
upon this floor. It was said the other day that
the Kuklux organization was the natural result
of our reconstruction laws. It was said the
other day, in justification of them, that human
nature could not be crushed without rising up.
The declaration was made here, in our hearing,
that our reconstruction laws are so tyrannical,
so unconstitutional and oppressive, that they
crushed human nature, and that they result,
naturally, in the rising up of this most bloody
and villainous organization.
Sir, the Democratic politicians of the South
may not enter this order; they know of its
existence, and they are willing to receive the
benefit of its operation in driving Republicans
out of the State, in banishing them from their
midst.
The Kuklux organization, as I have reason
to believe, first started in the State of Tennes-
see, ani 1 will here refer to a report that was
made by the Freedmen's Bureau in 1868 :
" At tho close of tho year 18G7 the organization of
theseeret society known as the Kuklux Klantook
place. General Carlin, assistant commissioner, early
oallcd the attention of theGovernor of the State and
tho military authorities to the danger of permitting
this society to continue its operations. The number
of outrages perpetrated by this band, or by despera-
does apparently belonging to it, has been very great.
Tho intimidation of the colored people seemed to be
its object, to eifeet which colored men are frequently
taken from their beds at night and flogged unmerci-
fully, and occasionally killed. These outrages, and
occasional efforts of tho colored men to resist them,
liavo given to several counties the character of law-
less and disorderly communities. Since the assem-
bling of tho Legislature tho fear that the militia
would becalled outtopreservethepeaceot the State
has had a great effect in restoring quiet, and for a
few months past the number of outrages has greatly
decreased."
Now, Mr. President, I present in connection
with that a memorial presented by a joint com-
mittee of the Legislature of Tennessee to
President Johnson, from which I will read an
extract. I refer to it to show the establish-
ment of this order in full force early in 1868.
"That there is such an organization as the'Ku-
klux Klan' is now beyond question or peradventure.
In a recent publication mado by authority, or with
the assent of a general officer of the so-called con-
federate States, it is stated that there are forty thou-
sand members of this association in Tennessee.
"As to the object and purposes of the organization,#
they can only bo known by their acts and sayings
while in their masks and ghostly uniforms. While
thus engaged they take out citizens and kill them;
some by hanging, somo by shooting, and some by
the slower and more barbarous plan of whipping
while others arc whipped, not until death, but se-
verely and disgracefully. In some parts of theState
they are traveling at night as often as twice a week,
and visiting the houses of Union men and Federal
soldiers, some of whom they kill, others they whip
and order from the oountry on pain of being killed
if they do not leave, while others are ordered away
