1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4123
surplus population of all Europe, and we might
almost say of China itself. As an English wit
once said of an English colony, the soil is
so fertile that "if you tickle it with a hoe,
it laughs with harvest." It is a necessity of
civilization that this land shall be opened and
made accessible to all. The barriers that have
isolated the nations of earth are melting away
beneath the wonder-working touch of scientific
enterprise. It, is the Aladdin's lamp, at the
rubbing of which the waste places are made
fertile, and the hidden forces of nature arc
harnessed to the service of the human race.
The flood-gates are opened and all humanity is
on the move. This activity precedes practical
unity. Self-interest obtains a wider reach,
narrow prejudices vanish, sectional jealousies
fade, and national hatreds will be laid aside
unless aroused bysome sense of wrong. Com-
mercial unity precedes and is a prophecy of
political unity. It may yet be that mankind
will see—
"The parliament of man and the federation of the
world,"
and know that—
"The common sense of most shall hold a fretful
realm in awe,
And the kindly earth shall slumber, lapt in uni-
versal law."
In this breaking up, this melting away of
subtile but hitherto ineffaceable barriers, this
leveling of mountains, this bridging of oceans,
this conquest almost of time and space, this
comparative obliteration of divided speech, as
well as of material obstacles, which is surely
going forward with increasing speed, the open-
ing up of this continent is the key to the whole
position. From this stand point we must after
all come to look at all the help extended to
whatever enterprises that aid this magnificent
consummation. It would be a narrow and
provincial policy which should now stop and
declare that such aid shall be no longer given.
Correct and prevent abuses, but facilitate the
beneficent work. The unlocking of the Ameri-
can continent is the preliminary step to the
unlocking of all other hitherto sealed portions
of the globe.
Sir, the work to be done is vast. I shall
not stint the aid necessary to put in operation
great enterprises which but precede others of
more magnificent proportions. While, there-
fore, determined to scrutinize closely every
demand, I am prepared to continue the land-
grant system, with its monopoly features cor-
rected in the interests of the people, until
we are better assured of its being no longer
needed.
We have land enough and to spare for enter-
prises that, press upon us, promising as great
or greater returns than even the Pacific rail-
road. Among these I count as foremost a
series of projected canals, such as will unite
and complete our already vast interior navi-
gation. To the producing as well as the com-
mercial States the economical question is this
one of transportation. Vv e have not less than
17,000 miles of navigable waters in the Missis-
sippi river and its immediate tributaries, iho
lakes and other interior waters give not less than
80,000 more mites of such navigation. _ A com-
paratively few miles of canals would knitallthis
vast system to the Atlantic sea-board. We can
double our interior navigation by canals at dif-
ferent points whose total length would not ex-
ceed GOO miles. A channel not more than a
mile in length, connecting Lakes Pravers and
Big Stone, Minnesota, would unite the waters
of tho river St. Peters and the Red river of the
North. This would bring the Saskatchewan
river and Winnipeg Lake into communication
with the northern Mississippi, and add 14,000
miles to the navigable waters of the Northwest.
Lake Michigan and the Mississippi must be uni-
ted through the Fox and Wisconsin rivers. It is
stated that these improvements alone would add
*25,000,000 tons to the available products of
that region. Another canal, 100 miles or so in
length, would unite Chicago with the Missis-
sippi. There is still another and greater woik of
this character, which, in my judgment, should
receive national aid. I refer to the proposed
Kanawha canal, 343 miles in length, by means
of which the waters of the Ohio and James
rivers would be united, and through which,
when completed, (iftheMinnesotacanalalready
referred to is constructed,) the wheat of the Sas-
katchewan valley, as well as of Dakota, Min-
nesota, and Kansas, can be transported in bulk
and without change to tho Atlantic sea-board
at Norfolk, there to be transhipped to Europe.
I have referred to these great projects as
illustrative of the enterprises to which, in my
judgment, the nation should extend its aid.
Every acre of land given to such projects, and
placed by limitation of price within the reach
of actual settlers, would at once quadruple the
value of that which remains. Wheat shipped
in Iowa or Kansas for Norfolk, Virginia, must
now go down the "father of waters" to New
Orleans, and from there by the ocean to its
destination, a distance of four thousand miles.
Who is there but would grant a reasonable
amount of public lands to such an enterprise,
provided the same should be limited as to sale
to settlers in defined tracts and at a reasonable
price?
Indicating, sir, as I have done, the extent
of the land-grant system ; presenting some of
the results that have followed it; pointing as
forcibly as I have been able to some of the
evils which are to be feared, and illustrating
also one class at least of the works of internal
improvement'which, in my judgment, should
receive the suppoit of the Government, it fol-
lows as a logical necessity that I should now
indicate what general principles should here-
after govern tho granting of public lands.
First, then, it should bo deemed necessary
for every enterprise asking such aid to estab-
lish that by the connections it proposes to
make, being railroad or ship-canal, points im-
portant as commercial and distributing cen-
ters are to be made accessible ; that large
inferior areas, suitable for agricultural settle-
ment or desirable on account of mineral de-
posits,would be developedin this way; perhaps,
as in the case of the region through which the
Pacific railroad passes, could only be made
serviceable by the construction of such works.
It is claimed, and probably with justice, that
this great line has added 500,000 persons to
onrpopnlation. The average taxation has been
estimated at $10 per capita. Such an increase
of population adds ^5,000,000 to theTreasuiy.
Nor can this be the sole measure of the ben-
efits from the single item of increase of popu-
lation. These points of uniting important cen-
ters, thus bringing the products of the interior
to markets, accompanied by an opening up and
development of regions that might otherwise
lie waste for a generation or more, are prime
conditions in deciding upon the merits of any
enterpriseaskingagrantofpublielands. There
are some cases where important intermediate
and connecting lines, necessary for the com-
pletion of a trunk system and its feeders may
be properly aided with a moderately subsidy in
lands.
Second, I would restrict the amount of the
grant by some rigid rule. I should be willing
to support any reasonable measure looking to
that end. By reference to the admirable table,
No. 11, in the last report from the Ueneral Land
Office, in which the date of each act granting
lands to railroads, &c., is given, it will be seen
that the earlier grants were all restricted to six
andHeu-nule limits along the line of proposed
roads. A reference to the table referred to
shows that tho fifteen, twenty, thirty, and fbiiy
section grants per mile have grown up during
the last six years. I think, sir, that the enorm-
ous extent of some of these grants, as in this
case of the Noithern Pacific railroad, makes
them iniquitous in many ways, of which I have
not now time to speak. They are impolitic
also, for they do more than anything else to
call out criticism and provoke hostility. I
would therefore definite^' state the number of
sections per mile beyond which Congress would
not go, audi would further restrict the area from
which these sections could be selected, . These
enormous grants are not necessary to insure
the construction of roads, or their profitable
working when completed.
It cannot be successfully denied by the most
greedy land monopolist that roads can be
profitably woiked out of a comparatively re-
stricted belt of country; and hence there is
no need of granting the very large land sub-
sidies which have come into existence during
the last few years. A correspondent of tho
New York Tribune, writing in relation to the
advantages of a now road in Illinoi's, gives
these figures to prove that it will pay. 1 quote
because they illustrate my present argument:
"Let the facts of half a dozen older Illinois roails
tell their plain but simple story. The old Ualena
railroad obtains its business fiom 20 square miles of
territory to each mile of road; the Dixon Air Line
f. 0,-1 22 square miles; the Chicago, Burlington, and
yuincy fioin 26 square miles; the Chicago, ltock Isl-
and, and Pacific trom 19 square miles; the Chicago,
Alton, and St. Louis from 22 square miles; the Illi-
nois Central (Chicago branch) trom 21 square miles."
The third and most important limitation that
should be put upon the system is one which
has already received the sanction of Congress.
I refer to the sale of the granted lands to actual
settlers in maximum lots of 160 acres, and
at the same price as the sections held by the
Government. 1 have embodied a method by
which it seems to me the desired result can be
reached in the way most beneficial to all, in
bills now before this House, a portion of which
I will ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec.—- And be it further enacted, That the lands
granted by this act shall inure to tne benefit of the
railroad company, its assigns and successors, m ilio
manner following, that is to say: That all tho lands
granted shall bo immediately open to settlement; and
shall he sold to actual settlers only, who shall be en-
titled to receivo patents theieior m contiguous par-
eels not exceeding a quantity equal to one quarter
section in any one person, and at the price of .',0
per acre, under such rules and regulations as may bo
prescribed by the Secretary ot the Interior m ac-
cordance with the provisions of this act: I'rovided,
however, That such persons shall be citizens of the
United States, or shall have declared their intention
to become such bctore they shall be entitled to be-
come actual settlers under tho provisions of this act:
And provided further. That when the company shall
file with tho becrctaiy of tho Interior tho eeiliticato
of the Governor of the State in which said lo.uluiay
be located that any ten consecutive miles of said
road have been completed in good, substantial, and
workmanlike manner, together with a map. desig-
nating, by the public surveys, the lino of such com-
pleted portion and the points ot beginning ami end-
ing, the Secretary of the Interior shall thereupon
direct tho proper district laud officers to give public
notice to all actual settlers, under she provisions of
this act, residing on the granted lands opposito to
and conterminous with said completed sections, to
make proof and payment to the district land officers
tor their claims within three months from the date
of said notice; and tho registers and receivers shall
} report the sale of said lauds monthly, as in the^ales
I of publio lands, and the amount received shall be
i placed by the receivers to the credit of the railroad
company in such depositories they may designate:
P/voided, That if any settler shall fail to make proof
and pay for Ins claim within the tune herein speci-
fied, his right thereto shall become foiieited, and tho
land shall be patented to said company: And pro-
vided further, That patents shall irsue to said com-
pany lor all lands which shall remain unsold after
tho expiration ot three months from the date of the
completion ot'each scotion ot said road: And pro-
vided. That tho railroad company may at any tnno
sell and convey, by deed, mortgage, or deed ot trust,
all ot said land to persons or eoiporations, and not
actual settlers, and at ^uch prices and on such terms
as the parties may agree upon : Provided, That when
so sold or conveycd, the said lands m tho hands
of the purchasei, mortgagee, or trustee, or other
.grantees, shall be subject to sale to actual settlers
within the time limned as aforesaid, and on the same
terms as though the said deed, mortgage, or deed of
trust bad never been made: And provided further.
That if said road is riot completed within ten years
from the date of the acceptance of the grant herein
made, the lands lemainmg along the uncompleted
portions of the road shall i evert to the Government,
and be open to preemption and homestead entry
atter due publio noticc by tho district land ofheers,
under instructions from tho Secretary of the inte-
rior.
Mr. CLAEKE, of Kansas. Under the pro-
visions of this section it will be seen, sir, that,
in the first place all the granted lands are open
at once to actual settlers only, who are limited
to 160 acres each. The price is also fixed at
