8180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
Mr. NYE. Then I move to amend by insert-
ing " lying within the boundaries of the State
of Delaware."
Mr. SAULSBURY. I must make a remark
upon that amendment. Because Delaware has
no public lands, because Virginia has no public
lands, because New York has no public lands,
because Maine has no public lands, Massachu-
setts no public lands, Maryland no public lands
lying within their borders, but have a common
interest in public lands lying within the Terri-
toriesand, ifyou please, in the State of Nevada,
is the State of Delaware and are the other
States I have mentioned to be deprived of their
lights?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ne-
vada to the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware.
The amendment to the amendment was
r6]6€t6(l
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire whether it
has ever been the case that the United States
of America have granted lands in aid of a rail-
road company for a road only a mile and a
half long; for I guess that is about the full
length of this road in the State of Delaware?
Mr. BAYARD. It would be very well, per-
haps, for the Senator from Missouri to get a
little more information before he undertakes
to speak of subjects like this; and I might say
that the remark would not be confined to the
present instance. The matter of the Delaware
breakwater is one which the merchants of New
York have more interest in than the people of
the State of Delaware. If there is a work of
public importance, one which is not confined
by a matter of State lines, it is that which is a
shelter for the whole shipping of the United
States.
Mr. DRAKE. I certainly did not suppose
that I should disturb the equanimity of either
Senator from Delaware by the jocose remark
that I made. Since he takes it so earnestly I
beg to take it all back, and to admit that that
railroad is probably a little more than a mile
aad a half long. [Laughter.]
- The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Saolsbury.]
Tfae amendment was rejected; there being,
on a division—ayes 20, noes 28.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill
In section one, line thirteen, by striking out the
words " t heir said junction with the said North-
ern Pacific railroad" and inserting the north-
ern boundary of the State of Nebraska." As
the bill now reads the grant is for a road ex-
tendingfrom Ontaha in a northwestern direction
to the northern boundary of the State, and
thence through what is now a reservation made
for the Skjiucltidians; Ithink it would be
well not to extendtfae grant into that territory
•at the present time.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Land Office always put
that construction on these grants.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is letter to have it in
the law.
Mr. THAYER. Would not the object be
accomplished by striking oat tho words " to
4heir said junction with the Said Northern
Pacific railroad," without inserting any other
words?
Mr. HARLAN. I think the amendment I
have proposed will effect the precise abject I
have in view; that is, to make a grant to the
northern border of the State and no further.
Mr. THAYER. I do not object to that,
•although there is really no reservation north
-of the State; hone has been confirmed. :
Mr. HARLAN. There has been one made
mi pursuance of law, and there are some fifteen
•or twenty thousand Indians now residing on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
Jon the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend further
by adding the following proviso to section two:
Provided, Thatsaid road shall not be loeated within
any Indian reservation, except with the approval of
the President of the United States, and on such terms
and conditions as he may prescribe, which shall not
be inconsistent with the laws regulating trade and
intercourse with the Indian tribes.
There is, I will observe, an Indian reserva-
tion within the State of Nebraska, at the mouth
of the Niobrara river, and it may be desirable
that this company should tap the north line
of the State at the mouth of the river, and if
so, it may enter this reservation. I desire
that the President may have power to exclude
it from the reservation, or if he permits it to
enter that the road shall go in with the limita-
tions prescribed by him.
I Mr. POMEROY. There can be no objec-
' tion to that.
I Mr. THAYER. I do not object to the
amendment
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend the first
section, in the ninth line, by striking out the
words "at or near Fort Bertholdso as to
read, "and effect a junction in the Territory of
Dakota with the Northern Pacific railroad."
Mr. POMEROY. That is to make it in
harmony with the other amendment.
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. THAYER, the title was
amended so as to read: "A bill to aid in the
construction of the Omaha and Northwestern
railroad and telegraph line from Omaha, via
the mouth of the Niobrara river, to a point of
junction with the Northern Pacific railroad
in the Territory of Dakota."
abandoned property.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I objected a few moments
ago to the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 173, respecting the collection of
wrecked and abandoned property. I have
looked at it with the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] who has suggested sundry amend-
ments of phraseology, which, while the resolu-
tion still accomplishes his purpose, makes it
satisfactory to me. I therefore withdraw the
objection I made in order that it may be con-
sidered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read as I propose
to amend it. This is a bill by which nobody
can be benefited except the United States.
There being no otjjection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole,, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (H. R. No. 173)
to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to col-
lect wrecked and abandoned property, dere-
lict claims, and dues belonging to the United
States.
Mr. SHERMAN. X send my amendment
to the desk.
The Secretary. It is proposed to amend
the resolution by striking out all after the
.resolving clause and inserting:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to make such contracts and provisions as he
•may deem most advantageous forthe interests ofthe
Government, for the preservation, sale, or collection
of any property or the proceeds thereof which may
have been wrecked, abandoned, or become derelict,
being within the jurisdiction of the United States,
or wbioh omgh t to comet to the United States, and
which are now withheld or retained by any person,
corporation, or municipality whatever, and which
ought to have come into the possession or custody of
or been collected or received by the United States;
and in such contracts to allow sueh compensation to
any person giving information thereof, or who shall
actually preserve, colleot, surrender, or pay over the
same, as the Secretary of the Treasury may deem
jnst and reasonable: Provided, Thatnocostor claim,
of whatever name or nature, shall become charge-
able to the United States in so obtaining, preserv-
ing, collecting, receiving, or making available prop-
erty. debts, or interests which shall not be paid from
snch moneys as shall be realized and received from
tho money so collected, under each specific agree-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would inquire of the
Sesator from Ohio if he purposes to strike out
the ninth and tenth lines, which authorize the
collection of moneys and dues?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmunds] seemed to think that
clause went too far. 1 do not think so myself.
He thought it might extend beyond the imme-
diate purpose of this resolution, which is to
reclaim property growing out of the war. I
think it stood better as the House sent it to
us; but it is importantto pass itin some form,
and I consent to the amendment rather than
have delay about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The attention of the
Judiciary Committee has been called to an
amendment which was proposed to make on
one of the appropriation bills authorizing the
payment of not exceeding two per cent, to the
United States attorneys throughout the United
States to prosecute bonds and other claims in
favor of the Government, to be paid out of the
amounts they collected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a different ques-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; this covers "any
moneys, dues, or other interests belonging to
the United States which are now withheld or
retained by anyperson." This bill would cover
that class of cases where a bond has been for-
feited. The district attorneys, I understand,
are in the habit of obtaining a judgment against
the securities, and there they leave it. They
do not consider it any part of their business to
look after property, to see that executions are
issued and money collected upon them ; and
the consequence is that the Government very
seldom collects anything upon these forfeited
obligations. It was represented that it would
be better to give some inducement to the dis-
trict attorneys to prosecute that class of cases.
Although this bill speaks of wrecked and aban-
doned property, it will be seen that in its gen-
eral language it embraces any case where there
are dues to the Government of the United
States which are withheld by any person.
• Mr. SHERMAN. This is a House bill sent
to us to accomplish a particular purpose, and
I should dislike very much to have it embar-
rassed with the question of the authority of the
Secretary of the Treasury to employ attorneys
to collect old judgments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is all in this bill, un-
less the Senator proposes to strike out the
words to which I have called attention.
Mr. SHERMAN. Those words are stricken
out, and this amendment simply provides for
the collection of the proceeds of property
wrecked and abandoned.
Mr. WARNER. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will withdraw his amendment. I think
the occasion of this bill is the fact that it is
generally understood that there is throughout
the lately rebellious States a good deal of prop-
erty, once the property of the confederate
States, which ought to come to the United
States.
Mr. 'SHERMAN. I will say to the Senator
from Alabama that my amendment covers all
kinds of property, but it does not include a
claim against a private citizen, for instance,
not growing out of the war. It covers all kinds
of property or proceeds of property that have
become derelict.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It includes everything
except claims of the United States against its
own officers. The language of the joint reso-
lution as originally presented, without the
amendment, would cover all balances in the
hands of all the officers of the United States.
It cannot be the proper policy of the law to
commit to the Secretary of the Treasury, or to
anybody else, the power to compound and sell
out our rights against our own officers without
the consent of Congress in each specific case:
whereas the object which my friend from Ala-
bama and my friend from Ohio have in view
is a perfectly proper one, and the amendment
as it now stands will cover that completely.
Mr. WARNER. I do not know where
this bill originated; but the attention of the
