1292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15>
laws and the authority of the General Govern-
ment, and expelled its officers from those coun-
ties. The Government marched a powerful
army against the insurgents. Upon its approach
they submitted, and some of their most guilty
leaders fled. There were no acts of Congress
passed, and no appointments of officers made
by the President to reinstate the laws and
authority of the United States in the terri-
tory where they had been deposed; but im-
mediately upon the suppression of the insur-
rection the restoring force of the Constitution
and the peaceful and beneficent principles of
national and universal law, posUiminum, pro-
pria vigore, provided for the restoration of
things to the same situation in which they were
before the insurrection; and the executive and
judicial officers proceeded to execute that law,
as they would have executed a law of Congress
framed specially for that and similar occasions,
and our affairs moved on as though there had
been no trouble.
This law applied to the people of the south-
ern States with peculiar propriety and force.
Their country was part of the national domain
and they were American citizens, and yet the
States in a restrictive sense were sovereign;
they owed to the United States obedience to
the Constitution and laws, and its obligation
to them was protection. An insurrection
against the Government of the United States
was made by a portion of that people, in which
this mutual duty and obligation of obedience
and protection was not faithfully kept and
performed by either party. The insurgents
conquered those States and overthrew not
only the laws and authority of the United States,
but also the legitimate State governments, and
held possession of them for four years. The
only power and duty of the United States Gov-
ernment was to subdue the rebellion by force,
and when that was effected, and the rebels sub-
mitted to the Constitution and laws, the princi-
ple of postliminy provided that the country
in which the United States had reestablished
their authority should in all respects return to
its former state; and it Was then as much the
duty of the Government to rehabilitate those
States with their own State governments and
the Constitution, laws, and authority of the
United States by that law, as it was to suppress
the insurrection on its breaking out; and if
such moderate, magnanimous, and wise states-
manship had been adopted, peace, order, and
general good will would have been restored to
the country in as mauy months as years have
since accumulated.
The relatione between those States and
their governments and the General Govern-
ment should have been resumed and continued
as they were before their suspension. The
President should have removed all imcompe-
tent and unfaithful officers appointed to all
vacancies, have taken care that the laws were
faithfully executed, and in all things have per-
formed iiia official duties; the courts should
have been reopened by the judges and have
proceeded regularly to business, and when the
- Supreme Court convened it should have re"
ceived the records of new cases and tried those
upon its docket from those States as formerly
as it did; and on Congress meeting, their Sen-
ators and Representatives should have been
admitted, as from other States. There should
have been no waiting by one department upon
another each one bad its appropriate and the
same duties to perform towaid those States j
and all others, and as the proper occasions |
arose should have proceeded to their perform- j
ance.
If secession and rebellion had not extended
further than South Carolina it would have
been crashed out in a few months, the rebels
would have made unconditional submission;
a few leaders might have been indicted and
hung for treason; but the whole State, besides
its people, territory, constitution, laws, officers,
property, and rights, without any legislation
by Congress or the State, would quietly and
without any obstruction have been restored
as they were before the insurrection by the
Constitution and by the law of postliminy. But
the rebellion rapidly reached stupendous pro-
portions, and for four years was sustained by
the rebels with unsurpassed courage and forti-
tude. Congress, the Government, and the
country became alarmed at the prospect of its
success, excitement took the place of reason,
and before the enormous odds of resources
that supported the Union and the Government
could be organized and brought down upon the
rebels with resistless force passion and frenzy
had seized upon the whole country, and, though
beginning to subside, still rule the hour.
At the beginning of the trouble about one
third of the aggregate population of the south-
ern States were loyal to the United States and
opposed to secession. It was the duty of the
United States and its Government to have
given them support and protection; and if
this had been done effectively secession would
soon, and without great or extensive national
disaster, have been brought to its end. But
the Government failed enormously to afford
timely and adequate protection to the loyal
people of the southern States. If in 1860 and
, 1861 they had received from the United States
; the same encouragement and support that they
| did in 1832 and 1833, secession would have
j blown over as harmlessly as did nullification.
) This failure might have resulted from the un-
j prepared condition of the Government and
| country; from whatever cause the sin did not
; rest with the loyal people of the South, but
j the consequences have been most deplorable
: to them. Being left to their fate by the Gov-
i ernment of the United States, and the govern-
ment, purse, and swords of their respective
States being in the hands of the secession lead-
ers, they found themselves confronted by a mil-
itary power which they had neither friends nor
preparation to resist. Conscription of those of
military age into the southern army, or exile,
with theii>old men and women and children,
from their homes and country into strange and
distant lands, were the terrible alternatives
which forced most of them into the rebel army ;
and for the consequences of this delinquency
of their own Government they have been vis-
ited with the direst vengeance by the Radical
party ; and after the lapse of years it is still
continued with demoniac malignancy. All
history furnishes no example of such injustice,
outrage, and cruelty.
This course of policy has been both a great
wrong and a most disastrous mistake. The
preservation of our Constitution and mixed
system of national and State governments
would be the greatest good, ana their over-
throw the heaviest evil, that could befall the
American people. They must be saved or lost
for all the States and all the people; it is im-
possible for a part to be stripped of them and
they to be preserved and secured to the others,
and all attempts to effect such a result will pro-
duce a disadjustment of principles and parts
that will rapidly bring the whole machine to
ruin. The exclusion of a part of the States
from their representation in the two Houses
of Congress; the proposition of amendments
of the Constitution to the States by Congress
without allowing many of them to have either
Senators or Representatives; the abolition of
the constitutions and governments of States;
the bestowal of the right of suffrage and eligi-
bility to office in the governments of the States
and the United States upon all negroes; the
restriction of the powers of the President and
of the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, con-
ferred by the Constitution upon those depart-
ments, by acts of Congress under any pretext
whatever, or in any condition of affairs, are
all bold attempts to exercise power without<
the authority of the Constitution, and tend
inevitably to the revolution and utter overthrow
of our system of government—they are for the
time practically that revolution and overthrow, j
All efforts to restrict this fatal disinte- !
gration to the people and States that were
involved in the rebellion-will prove illusive and
ineffectual; the precedents made in their case
have begun the demoralization of the whole
country, and will direct the thoughts and efforts
of other parties and leaders to make new
applications of them, and surely help to brin*
up other occasions when more able and daring
men will make fatal use of them. The only
promise of safety is an inviolable adherence to
the Constitution or inflexible judgment of con-
demnation in every instance where it is vio-
lated. The giving way at one time, or in one
part from whatever exigence, will increase the
strain upon others and bring on general deca-
dence. To guard and protect every part, State
and Federal, is the only way to preserve the
whole. Not only the mutual encroachments
of the Government of the United States and the
States shold be checked or reformed, but also
of the departments of the United States Gov-
ernment upon each other ; the weak should be
sustained, the strong and aggressive curbed,
and all be held to their proper constitutional
orbits.
The infidelity or treason of men in office,
whether State or national, afford no pretext for
assault upon the government of either. Every
part of the complicated machinery of our mixed
system, whether State or national, must be pre-
served. The destruction of any portion, whether
of the one or the other, would introduce great
disorder and mischief, tne extent of which time
and experience alone can show. The President,
or judges of the Supreme Court, or members
of both Houses of Congress, might take part in
a war to overthrow the Government of the Uni-
ted States. The incumbents would thereby com-
mit the crime of treason, be personally guilty,
subject to indictment, trial, and punishment;
but their respective offices would have commit-
ted no crime, incurred no guilt, and be subject
to no forfeiture, trial, or punishment. All those
offices would still be ana continue, and as fast
as their traitorous incumbents could be ejected
from them, like all other vacant offices, they
would be ready to receive other and better
men.
Everjr officer of the United States Govern-
ment might take part in a war to overthrow it,
and thus the administration of the Government
be so obstructed as for the time to be wholly
suspended; but the Government would not
thereby be abolished, its legal existence with
all its offices would continue, and the moment
things were placed in the proper predicament
all its offices, just as they existed before the war,
having still a legal being, could receive proper
incumbents, and the Government be adminis-
tered as though there had been no obstruction
of it.
There might be a sudden and overwhelming
invasion of the United States by a foreign
Power; her armies might sweep rapidly over
the whole territory, take possession of Wash-
ington city, and drive the President, both
Houses of Congress, the Supreme Court, and
every other officer of the Government out of
the limits of the United States, and set up the
authority and laws of the foreign Power over
our entire country; and then our armies and
people might make a great rally and in six
months expel the invaders, and what would be
the consequences ? The unaided but effective
force of the Constitution and law of postliminy
would restore everything to the same condition
in which it was before the invasion, and all
faithful officers would spontaneously return to
and retake possession of their offices, and the
Government and all things would move on as
was their wont; but if any officers had* joined
the enemy, they but not their offices would
have incurred guilt and forfeiture and punish-
ment ; the offices would have abided unharmed
to receive other and fit men.-
At one time during the war of the rebellion
final success seemed to hang doubtfully in the
scales. Some more force and some better for-
tune might have enabled the rebels to have
