278
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[April 14,
Senate.
State of Georgia—Mr. Morton.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
under promise of violence if they remain .after thus
being ordered todepart; tbis is carried on by greater
orle&s numbers, according as the objects to be ef-
fected on the particular night are of greater or less
magnitude. They rarely appear in their masks and
uniforms in daylight. It is in the night when they
mostly travel and perpetrate their acts of violence
and bloodshed.
"The most peaceable, orderly, quiet, and we may
s.ny even the most exemplary members of the church
arc not exempt from their midnight visits, and are
objects of their personal violence. Instances arc
known where the most orderly and pious men of a
neighborhood have been waked from their slumbeis
and beaten*bv them for no other reason than their
political sentiments. Murders are common, partic-
ularly among the colored people, against whom the
Klan seem to have peculiarand mortal hatred. Many
colored people have been whipped, some of them
badly, and some until they have died from its effects,
and many of them have been murdered for no other
reason or offense than their political opinions and
gentiments. Many colored people who had hired for
the year, or engaged to work for a portion of the
crop, have been compelled to leave their homes for
their per&onal safety and fly for their lives, leaving
their employers or their crops; and unless something
is done for their relief they cannot go home, and will,
of course, lose their earnings, with starvation in the
gloomy future for themselves and families."
"Many of them dcclare that the State government
of Tennessee is illegal, and they have legally a right
to resist and even to overturn it. Tbis is not con-
fined to the masses, but finds advocates in distin-
guished men, high in the estimation of those forming
the late so-called confederate States government.
Resistance to the government of Tennessee and the
laws passed by her Legislature since the war is, in
the opinion of the committee, as criminal as to
attempt to overthrow or resist the government and
laws of the State of New York or any other State
of the Union."
I call the attention of the Senate to the declar-
ation on the part of this committee that the
Kuklux of Tennessee were taking the ground
that the State government of Tennessee was
illegal and unauthorized, and they had a right
to overturn it; and that that was the instruc-
tion that they received from Democratic con-
ventions in the North.
I will now read an extract from the report
of the joint committee of the Legislature of
Tennessee:
"Your committee rcgrot that the limited time at
their disposal has prevented the in from giving to
the subject-matter referred to them a nioro complete
and thorough examination. The murders and out-
rages which have been perpetrated in many coun-
ties of middle and west Tennessee during the past
lew months have been so numerous and of such an
aggravated character as almost baffles investigation.
In these counties a reign of terror exists which is so
absolute in its nature that the best of citizens are
unable or unwilling to give free expression to their
opinions. The terror inspired by the sccret organ-
ization known as the Kuklux Klan is so great that
the officers of the law are powerless to execute its pro-
visions, to discharge their duties, or to bring the guilty
perpetrators of theseou trages to the punishment they
deserve. Their stealthy movements are generally
made under cover of night and under masks and dis-
guises which render their identification difficult if
not impossible. ^ To add to the secrecy which envel-
ops their operations is the fact that no information
of their murderous acts can be obtained withoutthe
greatest difficulty and danger in the localities where
they are committed. No one dares to inform upon
them or take any measures to bring them to punish-
ment, because no one can tell but that he may be the
next victim of their hostility or animosity. The
members of this organization, with their friends,
aiders, and abettors, take especial pains to conceal
all their operations. The moving principle by which
they are actuated would appear to be hostility Jo
the State and national authorities; and in the minds
of these men to havo voted for Brownlow or the
Republican ticket or to be a Radical is the greatest
of crimes.
"Your committee believe that during the past six
months the murders, to say nothing of other out-
rages, would average one a day, or one for every
twenty-four hours; that in the great majority of
these cases they have been perpetrated by the Ku-
klux above referred to; and few, if any, have been
brought to punishment. A numberofcounties of this
State are entirely at the mercy of this organization,
and roving bands of nightly marauders bid defiance
 to the civil authorities, and threaten to drive out ,
every man, white or black, who does not submit to 1
their arbitrary dictation. To add to the general 1
lawlessness oi these communities bad men of every
description take advantage of the circumstances
surrounding them, and perpetrate acts of violence,
from personal or pecuniary motives, under the plea
of political necessity.
Now, i\h\ President, I come down later in
point of time. I desire to read an extract i
from the message of Governor Senter, elected I
Governor of Tennessee last fall, this message
being sent to the Legislature of Tennessee in
the month of February last:
" It is with profound regret I realize the necessity
of directing your attention to the alarmingly fre-
quent violence to the peace and dignity of the State,
in the maltreatment and even itrocious murders of
her citizens, by persons generally reported in dis-
guise or unknown. Many of the State's citizens have
been outraged in their privileges and persons by
cruel indignities; not a few slain outright, without
charge of having in anywise offended the laws; while
others, under criminal charges, have been forcibly
wrested from the custody of the law, and their blood
deliberately shed by bodies of men without the least
shadow of authority. That these enormities can be
in our midst without the perpetrators in a single
instance being even arrested to answer for their law-
less and criminal acts demonstrates the existence of
organizations on their part not only dangerous to the
individual citizcn and adverse to the public dignity,
but formidable even to the public peace and safety.
" While the law lately enacted for suppression of
these outrages must do honor to thepurposes of your
honorable body, I trust it will not be accepted as an
impropriety on my part to respectfully suggest doubts
of its sufficiency to reach and remedy the evils aimed
at, as not a single arrest has yet been made for the
grossest violations of already existing laws, although
such viola tions have been frequent; and asthelargest
rewards allowed have been often, if not invariably,
offered to bring the offenders to justicc it may be
fairly concluded that they are protected by organ-
izations adequate, by terrorism, the force of numbers,
or other means, to effect security against the ordin-
ary civil process and officers of the law. The public
misfortune seems not so much a want of law as lack
of power to enforce that we have."
The Senate will take notice that in the report
of the committee which has just been read,
while they admit the imperfection of their in-
formation, yet they put down the murders in
that State as at least one a day. The evil has
been spreading since that time. The message
of Governor Senter, his recent application to
the President for military assistance, his pres-
ence now, I believe, in this city for thai pur-
pose, and attendance upon the Reconstruction
Committee, prove that this state of things is
getting worse from day to day instead of better.
So bold has this organization become in the
State of Tennessee that not very long ago they
held a public parade in the city of Nashville.
There they went under the name of "The Pale
Faces.'' They did not call themselves Kuklux,
but. Pale Faces.
The condition of things in Tennessee could
scarcely be worse than it is. There is a reign
of terror prevailing in almost every county in
that State. A free election could not now be
held in that State, unless perhaps in some por-
tions of East Tennessee. I will not refer par-
ticularly to the Memphis massacre in 1866,
where some fifty men were killed, some seventy
or eighty wounded, some ninety-one dwellings
destroyed, and twelve school-houses, and a
great deal of other property. I am speaking
now of what has been done under the recon-
struction laws and since the Democratic party
have advised them that those laws are null
and void, and that they are not bound to obey
them.
To show the extent of the revolution that
has been effected in Tennessee since last year,
I refer to the election returns. General Grant
in 1868 received 56,757 votes, and Seymour
received 26,311. Grant's majority was over
30,000. That was in November, 1868. In
August, 1869, some nine months afterward,
Senter received 119,835 votes j Stokes, 55,196
votes \ being within a very few votes of the
number that Grant received in 1868. Here
was an increase of 91,763 votes in nine months,
showing a complete revolution, that the laws
of Tennessee had been broken down, and that
the men disfranchised by the laws of Tennessee
all voted.
Four months after that, in December, 1869,
an election was held for members of a consti-
tutional convention. There were seventy-five
members to be elected. There were 63,630
votes cast. The Union men did not vote ex-
cept in small numbers; they could not. The
votes were cast chiefly by rebels; and of the
seventy-five men elected to that convention
sixty-eight had been rebels.
This is the condition of things brought about
by this organization, by this reign of terror in
the State of Tennessee. If you force an elec-
tion in Georgia next fall—I call my Repub-
lican friends to bear this in mind—you will
have just such a result as you had in Tennes-
see last fall and last winter. Sir, the Union
men of Tennessee are to-day virtually disfran-
chised by the reign of blood and terror that
has been inaugurated, while those who perpe-
trated these villainies go un whipped of justice ;
and the Governor of the State, anxious as he
is to enforce the law, is powerless to do it, and
is calling now upou the Government of the
United States for protection for his people. 1
cannot dwell very long on the coudition of
affairs in Tennessee, but I may say that Gen-
eral Forrest himself claims that there are forty
thousand Kuklux in the State of Tennessee;
and I noticed a very significant bit of evidence
on the part of Governor Senter published in
one of the newspapers here. I will read an
extract from his testimony given only a few
days ago before the Reconstruction Committee,
for it is very significant in one respect. The
following question was asked by a member of
the committee:
"By Mr. Wood:
"What proportion of the entire population of
the State have participated in these Kuklux out-
rages?
"Answer. The only statement we have had that
was looked upon as authentic was made by General
Forres*, that there were forty thousand Kuklux in
Tennessee.
"Question. General Forrest is notgenerally looked
upon as a reliable man in his statements, is he?
"Ansicer. He is a shooting man, and I reckon I
had better not say much about that; but my con-
clusion is, reasoning upon the subject, that there
must be a very stringent organization, not only well
organized, but well officered, from the fact that they
have committed the?e outrages, and neither money
nor law has been able to reach them."
There are two points in that to which I call
the attention of the Senate : first, that accord-
ingto General Forrest there are forty thousand
in Tennessee ; and then to the perfect illustra-
tion that is given of the effect of the terror cre-
ated there, which has followed Governor Senter
to this city, in his testimony before the com-
mittee, for he says he reckons he had better
not speak very freely in regard to General For-
rest, because he is a shooting man. When the
Governor of the State cannot speak freely be-
cause the terror of this organization follows him
to the capital of the United States, what shall
be said of the people of that State who live in
the midst of these enemies, who are without
official power and protection ? They cannot
speak freely, and they dare not testify to the
nameless outrages that are committed from day
to day in their neighborhood and in their very
presence.
Now, Mr. President, I come to speak very
briefly of the State of Kentucky, and I am
very sorry that I have any ground to speak in
regard to that State at all. I shall refer to
the report of the Freedmen's Bureau in regard
to the Slate of Kentucky. In the report of
the Freedmen's Bureau iu Kentucky, in 1868—
I read from the official document—it is said:
"More than eleven hundred colored soldiersin Ken-
tucky have received their bounty through tliebuieau
during the year. In many cases delay in payment
has been unavoidable. It has been difficult to reaoh
claimants in remote and mountainous districts'.
Having served in the Union Army they have been
the especial objects of persecution, and in hundreds
of instances have been driven from their home-*.
The outrages perpetrated by the Kuklux Klan havo
caused a great exodus into other States."
The report goes on to state that—
"The number of outrages reported as committed
by whites upon colored people in the State of Ken-
tucky during the year is: murders, 26; rapes,^3;
shootings, 30; otherwise maltreated, 265; total, 326."
I can only say that the course pursued toward
Union men in Kentucky is one, as I believe,
of unrelenting proscription; not, perhaps^
