1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5069
Mr. WOOD. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to permit me to
state what those consols are selling for to-day
in Berlin, Paris, and London.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have not heard a word
the gentleman has said since he used that gross
language ; I have not listened to him.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to the gentleman
proceeding.
Mr. WOOD. Does the gentleman from Ohio
object ?
Mr. SCHENCIv. I do not know what he
has asked, and I do not care.
Mr. WOOD, f only wanted to know whether
vou objected or not.
Mr. MUNGEN.
Twenty-five times I've tried to get the floor,
On the twenty-fifth was beat by Mr. Hoar;
Up to thirtieth X still persevered.
But on that effort got slightly " skeered."
I wish to say a few words, and, as a found-
ation of what I shall say, I ask the Clerk to
read the extract which I send up.
The Clerk read as follows :
"And such United States notes shall be received
the same as coin, at their par value, in payment for
any loan that may be hereafter sold or negotiated
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and may be reis-
sued from time to time as the exigencies of the pub-
lic interests shall require.
"And be it further enacted, That to enable the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to fund the Treasury notes
and floating debt of the United States, he is hereby
authorized to issue, on the credit of the United
States, coupon bonds or registered bonds to an
amount not exceeding $500,000,000, redeemable at
the pleasure of the United States after five years,
and payable twenty years from date and boaring
interest at the rate of six per cent, per annum, pay-
able semi-annually. The bonds hereby authorised
shall be of such denominations, not less than fifty
dollars, as may be determined upon by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and the Secretary of the Treasury
may dispose of such bonds at anytime at the market
value thereof for coin of the United States or for any
of the Treasury notes that have been or may here-
after be issued under any former act of Congress, or
for United States notes that may be issued under the
provisions of this act."
Mr. MUNGEN. Now, Mr. Speaker, by the
very terms of that act the conditions on which
the United States notes and bonds were issued
were clearly stated. It is understood by every
gentleman in this House that everybody who
bought bonds bought them with his eyes open
to the provisions of this very act. They did
not buy them expecting to be paid in gold;
they bought them expecting to be paid in this
currency, which was to go like coin.
The act referred to by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, the first act
of this Congress, was passed in violation of
this law. It was nothing more nor less than a
judicial construction of our own act. It was
not a repeal of the law, but a construction of
it. We assumed to be the Supreme Court of
the United States and to define what our law
meant. The men who bought bonds bought
them by virtue of this very section of the act
which I have had read ; and who can complain
if they have to take them in greenbacks ? But
gentlemen ask, how are you to redeem the
greenbacks ?
I wiil tell you the object of paying in green-
backs. I am not a banker or a bondholder,
nor the son of one, but I understand distinctly
what is the matter. They are afraid of this
thing called "repudiation/' and are hedging
themselves around by cunning legislation. They
passed an act which was not a legislative act,
but an act of judicial construction, and now
they say that the matter has been passed on,
and that that was a finality, because they know
that if the greenbacks go to redeem the bonds,
and the bonds come in and the interest stops,
away goes the whole national banking sys-
tem, which was a swindle from its inception.
They know that if they do that their banking
system falls to the ground, and it wiil relieve
labor and be a stroke at capital. That is why
they kick against it, and that is why we vote
for it. We are willing to make provision for
the payment of the greenbacks. I am not a
ropudiator at heart, but I repudiate fraud
wherever it comes from.
My colleague from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] said
that nobody objected to the act of last March.
Nobody could get a chance to do it. There
were many of us upon this side of the House
who wanted to do it on legal grounds and on
grounds of right, but we could not be heard.
I say let us pay off the bonds in greenbacks
and stop the national banking system, and
then we can pay off the greenbacks. Let us
do that and make capital come in and bear its
share of the burdens of taxation and help labor
to keep up this Government. Let us compel
capital to help the people to build their roads,
their school-houses, and everything else.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, there has
been a little by-play connecting itself with this
discussion which I want to clear up with a
word. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] asked me some question based on some-
thing he had said. I declined to answer, put-
ling it on the ground that I had not heard what
he said; which was the fact. I did not listen
to him, because when he reached a point in his
argument in which he charged that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had been guilty of
grosi impropriety in the manner in which it
had offered and explained the bill, I thought
it did not become me to pay any attention to
any further inquiries he might make. What-
ever I have done, for one, in relation to this
matter—and I think I may say the same for all
the members of the committee—it must at least
be admitted that, in a fairway, openly, plainly,
according to our light, we have brought the
matter to the attention of the House, and asked
its action on the general plan we propose, and
afforded opportunity for action on every part
and parcel of that plan. I have no further
notice to take of any such charges as that.
They are unbecoming the gentleman, and it
would not become me to pursue the subject
further. I have a better use for my time.
The gentleman from New York behind me
[Mr. Davis] anticipated one thing which I was
going to call especially to the attention of the
House, and which seems to have been wholly
overlooked, and that is that this section is
purely permissive. It simply authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury, and leaves it at his
discretion, to try this experiment or not to try
it. But gentlemen see great danger in that.
Why, sir, we have gone through that danger,
not precisely with gold, but with currency, all
through the war. We kept upon our statute-
book a provision to help the Government by
receiving at the Treasury at one or two per
cent, below the rate of interest we were paying
bonds such money as citizens chose to deposit
there, and they ran it up, so that there was an
average of $100,000,000 in the Treasury subject
to call, and yet we were never plundered or
troubled. The truth is that a Government hav-
ing the confidence of the people will always be
enabled to receive deposits of this kind, either
in one form of money or another, when indi-
viduals could not; and we propose to try this
experiment in regard to gold. Among the uses
to be made of this gold in the manner already
explained to the House is that by which we
shall make this great step toward a resumption
of specie payments.
Now, I know that my friend from Illinois
[Mr. Ingerroll] does not see in that anything
to recommend the section, and I do not think,
perhaps, that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] does. There are those who
prefer a paper currency perpetually and con-
tinuously to a currency of gold and silver; but
I am not one of those. I do not believe a move-
ment toward specie payment should be adirect
object of legislation. I have often said in this
House, and I will repeat it, that what 1 believe
in regard to specie payments is that we ought,
if we can, to so legislate that in due course of
time and as speedily as is reasonably consist-
ent with the best interests of the country, a return
to specie payments will come as a consequence
of our legislation, not as an end, not as an
object, but as soon as we can reasonably bring
it about as a consequence of our legislation ;
and one reason why this section commends it-
self to my mind is the machinery by which it
approaches that end by getting credit at this
low rate of interest, so that we shall not only
be buying and taking up the bonds now out at
a high rate of interest, but approaching the
period -when we may expect all to be at par,
bondsi, greenbacks, and gold together.
I have been asked, and after remarking on
that point I will leave this argument, whether
we have any support in this from the Secretary
of the Treasury. Well, now, sir, I am frank
to admit to this House, what perhaps every
one knows, that the policy of the Committee
of Ways and Means of this House is different
from the policy of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; but I think the Committee of Ways and
Means is sustained by the House in its view of
what is for the best interests of the country.
I have the greatest possible respect for the
Secretary of the Treasury as an efficient officer
and in every sense, as a true, honest man, and
I am willing to stand by him ; but he has some
peculiar views on theso subjects, and so have
some of the rest of us. I do not believe, as
he does, perhaps to a certain extent, in keep-
ing up the taxes of the country, and thus press-
ing upon the people to enable the Government
to pay off rapidly the public debt. I think it
better to make a long loan for a portion of
that debt running for thirty years at a low rate
of interest, in order to relieve this generation
of a part of the burden. I think we of this
generation have, in the expenditure of our
blood and treasure, paid our fair share of the
burdens of the war. I wish to lighten the bur-
dens of the people by reducing the taxes as
far as possible, and spreading out into the
next generation a portion of the burden of the
public debt through a long loan at a low rate
of interest. However we may differ with each
other, if we enact our policy into law we will
have the support of the gentleman at the head
of the Treasury Department to see whether
our experiment cannot be made a complete
success.
The question first recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Davis, to insert after the word "bul-
lion," in line three, the words "assayed and
stamped under the laws of the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question next recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Davis, to reduce the interest from
three per cent, to two per cent.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 39,
noes 74.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I move to add the fol-
lowing at the end of the section:
Provided, That if on a demand for payment of any
of said certificates in coin there should not be suffi-
cient gold coin in the Treasury arising under this act,
then it shall be lawful for the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to appropriate any other gold coin in the Treas-
ury in payment of said certificates.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. TNGERSOLL. I move to add the fol-
lowing :
And be it further enacted. That from and after the
passage of this act it shall not be lawful for the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to sell any gold coin on account
of the United States.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Skc. 0. And be it further enacted, That the United
States bonds purchased and now held in the Treas-
ury in accordance with tho provisions relating to a
sinking fund, of section five of the act entitled "An
act to authorize the issue of United States notes and
for the redemption or funding thereof, and for fund-
ing the fioatingdebt of the United States." approved
Febiuary 25, 18G2, and all other United States bonds
which have been purchased by the Secretary of the
Treasury with surplus funds in the Treasury and
now held in the Treasury of the United States, shall
I be canceled and destroyed, a detailed record of such
bonds so canceled and destroyed to be first made in
the books of the Treasury Department. Any bonds
hereafter applied to said sinking fund, and ail other
United States bonds redeemed or paid hereafter by
the United States shall aiso in like manner be can-
celed and destroyed; and the amount of the bonds
