1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2287
amble and resolution; on which he demanded
the previous question:
Whereas the Christian religion is a part of the com-
mon laiv of tho land: Therefore,
lie it resolved hy the Senate and Souse of Represent-
atives, That tho use of the Bible in the public schools
of the country is eminently wise and proper, tend-
ing to eneourago and foster virtuo and morality,
without which free and just government cannot be
maintained.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. That is a joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What have
we to do with that?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid upon the table.
The House divided on seconding the demand
for the previous question ; and there were—
ayes 25. noes 85.
Mr. ARNELL demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE rose to debate the resolu-
tion, and it went over under the rule.
TAXATION UNITED STAT1SS BONDS.
Mr. BECK submitted the following resolu-
tion ; on -which he demanded the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committeo of AVays anil Moans
be, and they are hereby, instructed to report forth-
with a bill levying a tax of at least ten per oent. on
the interest of the bonds of the United States, which
tax shall be deducted from said interest by tho dis-
bursing officer of the United States before paymont
thereof to the holder, in the same manner tva is now
provided by the internal revenue acts lor the pay-
ment of taxation of the incomo from railroad and
other corporation bonds.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
forty-four, noes not counted.
Mr. BECK. I ask the Clerk to read the
twenty-ninth rule before members vote against
this proposition.
The Clerk read as follows:
29. No member shall vote on any question in
tho event of which lie is immediately and paiticu-
larly interested, or in any case where ho was not
within the bar of tho House when the question was
put.
The SPEAKER, On whom does the gen-
tleman raise the question of order?
Mr. BECK. 1 do not raise tho question
against any particular member, for I do not
know who are affected.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman, then, has
no question of order.
Mr. BECK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Beck and Mr.
Sceenok were appointed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that tho rosolu
tion be laid on the table, and on that motion
I demand the yeas and nays. 1 shall vote ior
tho. resolution, and only make the motion in
order to test the sense of the House.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 4-i, noes 82.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to debate the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution^goesover.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise 10 a parliamentary
inquiry, A motion to lay on the table having
' been made, would not that take precedence.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on tho
table was made by the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Eldridge] when he had no right to
the floor. On seconding the demand for the
previous question the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] had called for tellers, and the tell-
ers had been directed to take their places when
the motion to lay on the table was offered. The
Chair would have recognized the gentleman to
make that motion had not a question of prior
right obtained. .
Mr. BECK. I intimated that I would give
way to allow the motion to be made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman himself
demanded tellers and had no right to recede
from his own demand.
TICE .MEIERS.
Mr. KNOTT submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution, on which he demanded
the previous question.
Whereas many complaints of tho inutility of the
Tice meters, of tho excessive amount charged for
them, and of partiality shown in compclliiigpersons
to adopt them have been made by distillers: There-
fore,
Be it resolved, That tho Speaker of this House bo,
and is hereby, authorized and directed to appoint a
committee, to bo composed of five members of tho
House, -with power to send for persons and papers,
■whose duty it shall bo to inquire into and report as
soon as practicable into the practical working oi
these meters, and whether or not it is advisable to
repeal so much of the acts of March 2,1867, and July
20,1868, as gives to the Secretary of tho Treasury or
tho Commissioner of Internal Kevenue authority to
adopt any meters or weighing instruments to ascer-
tain the quantity or quality of distilled spirits that
may bo produced from any substance; and the Com-
missioner of internal Revenue is hereby instructed
to lay before said committee all facta in his posses-
sion concerning said meters, and will report the ac-
tual cost of tho meters and the price at which they
have been sold, the number bought, and the number
attached to distilleries, and tho number now in suc-
cessful operation; and ho will further report if somo
distillers have been compelled to pay for these me-
ters while others have not been so compelled, and
if the manufacturei has been p:iid for meters he did
not proceed to attach, and if any difference in tho
amount of money deposited or paid for meters has j
been made wliore thedisUIleries lor which the appli-
cations were made arc oftho samo capacity; and the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue is instructed to
suspend the attachment or the use of any meter until
further action by this House.
On seconding tho previous question there
were, on a division—ayes 40, noes 50; no quo-
rum voting.
Tho SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Mayxakd and Mr.
Knott.
The House again divided; and tho tellers
repotted—ayes 51, noes C7.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. ALLISON rising to debate the resolu-
tion, it went over under the rule.
SUl'PLYO® A.UMS Ji-Otl IXSTKUCTWN.
Mr. SCIIKNC1C introduced a joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 214) authorizing the supply
of arms for instruction and practice in certain
colleges and universities; which was read a
fiisl and second lime.
Mr. SCllENClv. I desire to have tho joint
resolution put upon its passage.
The joint, resolution was n-ad. It authorizes
tho Secretary of War to issue, at his discretion,
and under proper regulations to be prescribed
by him, out of any small-arms or pieces of
field artillery belonging to the Government, and
which can bo spared for that purpose, such
number of the same as may appear to be re-
quired for military instruction and practice by
the students of any college or university, under
the provisions of section twenty-six ot tiie act
to increase and fix tho military peace estab-
lishment of the United States ; the Secretary
to require a bond in each case in double the
value of the property for the care and safe
keeping thereof, and for the return of the same
when required.
Mr. SCI1ENCK. I call the previous ques-
tion on the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to bo en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC KAILROAD.
Mr. VAN TRUMP submitted the following
preamble and resolution, on which he demand-
ed the previous question:
Whereas heretofore, on the 2Cth day of January,
A. JJ. 1870. this House adopted unanimously tho iol-
itooW^Thattho honorable the Secretary of the
Treasury bo directed to furnish to this House at his
eiulie^t convenience a full and detailed statement
of the amount of accruing interest whicn the (gov-
ernment of the United States has been compelled to
pay in discharge of its guarantee on the bonds issued
by tho Government to the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, the Central Pacific
and their respective branches and auxiliaiy roaa^.,
also, the amount of interest, if any, paid by said
roads on said bonds; also, the amount of faovcrn-
ment freight in tons, and the gross amountof charges
thereon, transported by the Government over said
1-oads and their respective branches as aforesaid
since said roads have been opened for transporta-
tion, and the rate of charge per ton per mile which
said roads have charged the Government lor trans-
porting such freight as aforesaid; also, the iate per
milo of fare per capita which said roads have charged
the Government for the transportation of troops over
said roads and their branches; also, to give the rea-
sons, if any, why the amoant of Government bonds
so issued to said companies as.atoresaia have been
withdrawn from the official periodical statements oi
the public debt of the country; also, if the means oi
such information are withm theBepartment, to fur-
nish a full and complete list of| all the stockholders
in said Union and Central Pacific Railroad Compa-
nies: the amount of stock held in trust by third per-
sons, the names of such trustee?, and the names ot
the persons for whose benefit such stock is so held m
trust: the amount of stock held by each stockholder,
whether in trust or otherwise; the amount each
stockholder has paid upon his stock, and the balance
yet due and unpaid thereon;"
And whereas the Secretary of the Irensury has
failed to reply to said resolution, and tnciniorm i-
tion therein desired by tho House has not been ou -
tained; and whereas in the event or the possibility
that said resolution has in someway miscarried in
its transmission to the said Department, or has been
lost or mislaid: it is hereby further
Mesolved, That the Clerk of this House inclose a
copy of this resolution, with tho original, as here-
tofore adooted, to tho Secretary ot the Treasury,
respectfully suggesting to him that said original
resolution still remains unanswered.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 would suggest that
there has not been time enough to give the
information required.
Mr. KELSEY. I think the resolution should
he addressed to the Secretary of the Interior.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Van Teujip] allows debate the res-
olution must <;o over.
On seconding the previous question there
were, on a division—ayes 32, noes 48; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Vajt Tucmp and
Mr. Dicket.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 89, noes 74.
So tho previous question v/as not seconded.
Mr. WARD rising to debate the resolution,
it went over under the rule.
ELECTION IN TEXAS.
Mr. STEVENSON submitted the following
resolution, upon which ho moved the previoas
question
Jlcsohed, That tho Secretary of War be directed
to send fo this House copies of the election returns
mado to tho commanding general of the fifth mili-
tary district by the board of registrars for each county
in tho second congressional district of Xox,:s of the
election held in soid district on the 3.Jth day of IVo-
veinber and the 1st, 1M, and 3d days of December,
1S09; also, copies of all orders issued by tho com-
manding general of the filth military district per-
taining to said election: also, a statement of tho
number of white registered voters and tlio number
of colored registered voters in each of the counties
in said district.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MONUMENTAL ASSOCIATION.
Mr. LAWRENCE introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 215) relating to the Cham-
paign County (Ohio) Monumental Association;
which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of War to donate to the Champaign County
(Ohio) Soldiers' Monumental Association one
condemned bronze or brass gun, with which to
make a statue of a soldier for the monument
erected or to be erected by the said associa-
tion, out of any such guns as the Government
now has or may hereafter have, not require!
for public use.
The question was on ordering the joint reso-
lution to be engrossed and read a third time.
