1870,
Til CONGRESSIONAL GLOlf.
4125
sixteen cents per pound on all manufactured
tobacco ana snuff.
By Mr. LASH: The petition of John G.
Hill, a citizen of Forsyth county, North Caro-
lina, forremova) of disabilities.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of G. H. Steb-
bios and others, ofPortland, Maine, askingthe
imposition of a uniform tax on tobacco.
Also, tbe remonstrance of S. E. Sping and
othersi against.passage of House bill No. 1919.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Major
lid ward Black, eleventh Tennessee cavalry vol-
unteers, praying to be reimbursed his expenses
for recruiting and organizing and subsisting the
regiment.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Catherine
Dillon, widow of John Dillon, for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 0,1870. ,
Prayer by Rev. J. Q. Butler, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
burdging alabama hiver.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the amendment of the House of Represent-
atives to the bill (S. No. 263) to establish cer-
tain post roads in the State of Alabama, and
for other purposes.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment ; which was after the word'1 constructed,''
in the eighth line of the second section, to
insert the words " so as to cross the stream at
right angles with the current; and the ap-
proaches to such draws shall be protected by
piers or other means, that boats may enter the
draws with safety."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Alabama [Mr. Spencer] is interested in this
matter, and the Chair spoke to him about the
amendment and he said it would improve the
bill. He stated thatit met with his concurrence.
Mr. RAMSEY. I imagine that is all right.
It is according to the usual course of legisla-
tion by the Senate on such matters.
The amendment was concurred in.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of May 23, 1870, a report of the chief
of engineers relative to the Washington aque-
duct; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia, and ordered to
be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the petition of
Ethan Ray Clark and Samuel Ward Clark,
praying for relief for the appropriation of
their land in Florida by the Government of
the United States. I take the" liberty of say-
ing that this is a very hard case, and I hope
the Committee on Private Land Claims will
give early attention to it. I move its reference
to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petition of
James K. Blair, of Fannin county, Texas, pray-
ing for the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of Dan-
iel W. Anderson and others, citizens of Cape
Girardeau, Missouri, praying the entire aboli-
tion of the duty upon tea and coffee, and the
reduction of the duty now levied upon sugar
and molasses; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented various petitions of citi-
zens of Missouri, praying the establishment of
certain post routes in that State; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post lioads.
_ Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I present the memo-
rial of the mayorand sixty or seventy citizens of
Norwich, Connecticut, among the most loyal
and patriotic citizens of that State, protesting
against the continuance of the income tax.
They say that honest men cheerfully paid it so
long as the necessities of the Government de-
manded it, but they do not believe it is now
necessary, and it will not for the future be paid
cheerfully or willingly. They mean what they
say. I move_ the reference of this memorial
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
Henry S. Carter, of Scottcounty, Virginia ; of
E. _S, Talley, M. D., of Hanover county, Vir-
ginia; of Sylvanus Foote, of Dublin, Pulaski
county, Virginia; of Robert E. Peyton, M. D.,
of Fauqnier_county, Virginia; of John Hun-
sucker, of W ise county, Virginia; and of John
Iron, of Smyth county, Virginia, praying the
removal of the legal and political disabilities
imposed upon them by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of P. D.
Moore and sixty-nine others, citizens of Vir-
ginia, in behalf of Dr. Ezekiel S. Talley, of
Hanover county, Virginia, praying for the
removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
importers, merchants, anddealers in dry goods,
of New York, praying the abolition of the tax
on sales of merchandise ; wbich was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SPENCER. 1 present the petition of
Robert W. Steel, William W. Byers, Charles
R. Bissell, and J. Bright Smith, who state
that they were officers of the provisional gov-
ernment established in what is now known as
Colorado Territory, but was then Jefferson
Territory in the year 1859, the year of the first
gold discoveries at what was known as Pike's
Peak. They claim compensation for their ser-
vices as officers under that provisional govern-
ment. I move that the petition be referred to
the Committee on Territories.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON presented a petition of
citizens of New Hampshire, praying an appro-
priation of $30,000 for tbe relief of superan-
nuated freedtnen in the District of Columbia;
which was ordered lo lie on the table.
Mr. STOCKTON presented the petition of
Rebecca C. Meeker, of Elizabeth, New Jersey,
widow of Captain James F. Meeker, of the war
of 1812-14, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was recommitted the
bill (S. No. 125) granting lands to aid in the
construction of a canal or canals for irrigating
purposes in the State of California, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Commerce, lo whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 947) for the improvement of water
communication between the Mississippi river
and Lake Michigan by the Wisconsin and Fox
rivers, reported it with amendments.
Mr. SPENCER. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No.
1342) granting a pension to Emma M. Moore,
have instructed me to report it back, and to
say that a majority of the committee are adverse
to tbe bill. [ ask, however, that it be placed
on the Calendar, as a minority of the commit-
tee are in favor of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
on the Calendar, with the adverse report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Mary A. Burton, praying for an increase of
pension from thirty dollars to fifty dollars a
month, have instructed me to report adversely,
as we have in all similar casei, and for the
same reasons.
The committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of Isabella
Foggi praying for an increase of pension above
the rate the law now provides for her, have
directed me to report adversely. We find our-
selves unable to grant any increase in that case,
and ask to be discharged.
The committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition.
Mr. DRAKE. The Committee on Educa-
tion and Labor, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Rev. Charles I. White and others, pray-
ing for the enactment of a law incorporating
the St. Matthew's Commercial College, in the
city of Washington, have instructed me to re-
port it back and ask to be discharged from its
further consideration, because the general law
on the subject of the creation of corporations
in the District of Columbia gives ample au-
thority.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
will be discharged from the farther considera-
tion of the subject.
Mr. DRAKE, from the Committee on Educa-
tion and Labor, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 803) to allow the school trustees in the
State of Arkansas to enter land for school pur-
poses under the homestead law, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the committee on Public
Lands; which was agreed to.
Mr. DAVJS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to present two propo-
sitions to the Senate, with airectionsto propose
them as amendments to the Indian appropria-
tion bill, and to move that they be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Do they involve
appropriations also?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Nancy S. Ledford, submitted a report accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 974) for the relief of
Nancy S. Ledford.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint,
resolution (H. R. No. 302) donating condemned
ordnance for a soldiers' monument at Pough-
keepsie, New Yoik, have directed me to report
it back without amendment, and recommend
its passage ; and if there be no objection, I ask
to have it acted upon now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It must go on the Calen-
dar. 1 am sorry to disoblige my friend, but
wc must proceed in regular order.
The VICE PKESIDENT. Objection being
made, the joint resolution will be placed upon
the Calendar.
dills introduced.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 97-5) granting lands to the State of Ala-
bama to aid in the construction of the Savannah
and Memphis railroad from Opelika to Tus-
cumbia, on the Tennessee river ; which was
read twicc by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.  
Mr. PATTERSON. As the morning busi-
ness seems to be over, T move to take up Sen-
ate biil No. 783.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Senator Irom
Vermont insists on the regular order. lie
introduction of bills and joint resolutions is
still in order.
Mr. RAMSEY. The morning business seems
to have been gone-through with, and 1 should
