4126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
like very much to call up Senate bill No. 763,
on which it is.very important to have action.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT: Objection is made
by the Senator from "Vermont,.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to introduce a'bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in order.
Mr. "KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent Obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 976) to confirm certain entries of public
land in Louisiana; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims, and ordered to be printed.
LABOR CONTRACTS.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 97-3) to prohibit contractsfor servile labor;
which was read a first time by its title.
Mr. STEWART. I ask that the bill receive
its second reading at length. It is short.
The bill was read a second time in full, as
follows:
■Be it cnacted, &e„ That every contract for labor,
any part ol the consideration of which shall bo the
money for passago or transportation advanced or
secured for any alien from any foreign country to the
United States, which provides for alonger period of
bervice than six months, is hereby declared to be a
contract for servile labor and contrary to public pol-
icy; and any person who shall contract for such labor
lor a period of more than six months, or enforce, or
attempt to enforce such contract, shall bo deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof,
by information or indictment in the district or circuit
court of tlie United States, shall be punished by aline
of not less than SI,000 nor more than $5,000, together
with the costs of piosccution, one halt of which shall
bo paid to the mtormer, and the other half to the alien
hold to sevvicc as aforesaid, upon condition that ho
immediately return to his native country, under snoh
regulations for the enforcement of this condition as
the court may prescribe.
■ Mr. STEWART. That is intended Lo break
up the system of coolie contracts, that are ordin-
arily made for four years, to import Chinese
lo this country. Jt is true that the parties
advancing the money have to look to the alien
and trust to him for the enforcement of the
contract; but the Chinese have peculiar insti-
tutions by which they can enforce these con-
tracts, The contracts, as I understand, provide
for the transportation of the Chinese to this
country and for his return to his native land,
dead or alive. They are made by the Chinese
contractors. The Chinese are brought to this
country under this contract system for four
years. Under their peculiar religious views
they dare not break the contract for fear of
dying and being left in this country.
The bill I have introduced provides that a
contract forajonger period than six months
shall be illegal, and provides that the fine shall
go to the informer. The object is to find out
in regard to these contracts. As they are made
in a foreign country between the Chinese it
will be impossible to ascertain their terms un-
less somebody is interested in knowing what
the contracts are. It then provides for the
return of the Chinese to his native country, so
that he shall not object himself to letting the
fact be known when he gets to this country
for fear he may be left here.
It seems to me that immediate action should
be taken upon this question. I see movements
in South Carolina and in Massachusetts ; I see
that seventy five Chinese are on their way to
Massachusetts under these contracts. I see
that these movements are being made"; and it is
really a system of servile labor, because under
their religious notions that they must be re-
turned to their native lancf, dead or alive, they
dare not break the contracts; and the wages are
exceedingly low, and it is by no means free
labor.
It seems to me that a bill of that character
will not interfere with contracts made with
Europeans, because six months is all that any
person should labor for his passage money in
any event, and six months is too short a time
to make it profitable to import Chinese. I
think the passage of the bill will break up that
odious contract system which is introducing
servile labor into this country. I move that
the-bill be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and I shall urge its passage.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are now in order. There appear to be
none. The next business in order-is the Cal-
endar of resolutions laid over.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to appeal to my
friend from Vermont to allow me to take up
this little bill, which ia designed to prevent
smuggling—a bill of only sixteen lines. The
Secretary of the Treasury is very anxious that
it should be passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A bill to prevent smug-
gling never ought to be smuggled through out
of its regular order. I am opposed to smuggling
in all its forms.
Mr. PATTERSON. That is the reason why
I appeal to the Senator from Vermont to allow
me to put it through in the regular line.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am sure that if the
Senator from Vermont understood the import-
ance of the bill which the Senator from New
Hampshire desires to take up he would allow
it to pass. It will not occupy a moment, and
will save millions to the Treasury.
Mr. PATTERSON. The Government is con-
stantly suffering by every hour's delay in the
passage of this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will say to the Senator
from Michigan that I dare say I should vote
for the bill if I understood it; but if Senators
will only be patient and take up the Calendar
of resolutions, and when we come to the reso-
lution in regard lo the appropriation bills de-
cide whether we want to get on with business
or do not, then we shall have done our duty,
and then we can determine whether we will
take up these bills out of their order or not.
As wo arc now on the Calendar of resolutions,
I move to pass over all the resolutions on the
Calendar down to the one providing a new rule
in regard to amendments to appropriation bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions laid over are now before the Senate, and
the Senator from Vermont moves to pass them
over until the one reported by the Committee
on Rules is reached.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. PATTERSON. Will an objection stop
that motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
they will have to be passed over separately if
objection is made.
Mr. PATTERSON. I shall feel obliged to
object-
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the first reso-
lution ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the resolutions in their order. The
Senator from Vermont moves to pass over the
first resolution, the title of which will be read.
LAND OFFICE REPORT.
The Chief Clerk. The first resolution on
the Calendar is the resolution offered by Mr.
Williams, on the 20t.h of May, to print extra
copies of the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office for 1869, with the report
of the Committee on Printing thereon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am willing that that
should be passed over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that it be passed
over.
The motion was agreed to.
REDUCTION OF TAXATION
The next resolution on the Calendar was the
resolution offered by Mr. Sherman, to place.the
bill (S. No. 890) to reduce taxation on the Cal-
endar of speciaJ orders.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let that be passed over
for the present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that it be passed
over.
The motion was agreed to.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The next resolution on the Calendar was the
resolution submitted by Mr. Howard on the
20th of May, to place the bill (S. No. 647) to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from Marshall, Texas, to San Diego,
California, with branches and connections,upon
the Calendar of special orders.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that resolu-
tion be passed over.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope not. I hope we
shall act npon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will withdraw the motion
to pass over if the resolution can be acted upon
without debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that it be passed
over. There is a resolution on the Calendar
to make a special order of a bill which is of
more importance.
Mr. HOWARB. I hope we shall take a
vote on th'e resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
pass over has priority, and is not debatable.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 20, noes 20.
Mr. THAYER. There appears to be a mis-
apprehension on the part of some Senators as
to what bill is referred to.
The yiCE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will again report the title of the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to know what the
object of passing it over is?
Mr. TRUMBULL. My object is to make
the apportionment bill a special order, and not
have it superseded by this railroad bill being
made a special order before it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
to place the bill (S. No. 647) to aid in the con-
struction Of a railroad and telegraph line from
Marshall, Texas, to San Diego, California,
with branches and connections, upon the Cal-
endar of special orders; and the Senator from
Illinois moves to pass over the resolution. The
Chair will again put the question.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 19, noes 22.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the resolution, which
requires a two thirds vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. My vote on that question
will depend entirely on the willingness of the
Senator from Michigan to give way to the tax
bill. I ask him whether he will press this bill,
if made a special order, against the tax bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I will not antagonize it
agaiust any such bill.
The resolution was agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 80, noes 12.
ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The next resolution on the Calendar was the
resolution submitted by Mr. Drake, on the 20th
of May, to place the bill (S. No. 401) to amend
an act entitled "An act granting lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the States of Missouri and Arkansas
to the Pacific coast by the southern route,"
approved July 27, 1866, upon the Calendar of
special orders.
Mr. TIPTON. Is this question debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. TIPTON. I desire simply to say that
there are many bills already on the Calendar
which are of just as much importance to the
constituencies of Senators as that bill can be.'
I shall be as ready as any man to assist in its
passage when we reach it on the Calendar; but
I cannot vote to give it a precedence over those
measures in which my constituents have a spe-
cial interest, and which it is my duty as their
representative here to urge the consideration
of- 
Mr. POMEROY. These bills were reported
from the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The Committee on Public Lands have never
asked for a special order for any one of their
bills. I do not know why the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad should ask to have their
bills made special orders.
