1294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
The only sensible way to treat such a people,
the only possible way to win their confidence,
to establish and perpetuate friendly relations
with them, is to give them the full benefit of
those noblest attributes of man. These truths
were taught him by the reason and heart of
the captain who achieved beyond competition
the most brilliant personal history of all the
leaders of the Union armies during the rebel-
lion, when, on the surrender of the rebel Gen-
eral Johnston and his forces, he gave to them
terms no more generous than wise; terms man-
ifesting the truest, broadest, highest statesman-
ship ot the whole war, and which should have
been made the basis of national pacification,
and upon which honest and capable men would
soon have restored the country from all the
desolations of the war. I will read them :
Memorandum or basin of agrtement, made this 18(A d(ty
of April, A. D. 1865, near Durham's Station, in the i
.State of North Carolina, by and, between General j
Joseph E. Johnston, commanding confederate army,
and Major General William T. Sherman, command-
ing Army of the United States, both being present :
1. The contending armies now in the field to
maintain the status quo, until notice is given by the
commanding general of any one to its opponent, and
reasonable time, say forty-eight hours, allowed.
2. The confederate armies now in existence to
be disbanded and conducted to their soveral State
capitals, therein to deposit their arms and public
property in the State arsenal, and each officer and
man to execute and file an agreement to cease from
acts of war, and to abide tlie action of both State and
Federal authorities. The number of arms and mu-
nitions of war to be reported to the chief of ordnance
at Washington city, subject to the future action of the
Congress of the United States, and in the mean time
to be used solely to maintain peace and order within
the borders of the States respectively.
3. The recognition by the Executive of the United
States of the several State governments, on their
officers and Legislatures taking the oath prescribed
by the Constitution of the United States; and where
conflicting State governments have resulted from
the war the legitimacy of all shall be submitted to
the Supreme Court of the United States.
4. The reestablishment of the Federal courts in
the several States, with powers as defined by the
Constitution and laws of Congress.
5. The people and inhabitants of all these States
to be guarantied, so far as the Executive can, their
political rights and franchise, as well as their rights
of person and property, as defined by the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and of the States respect-
ively.
6. The executive authority of the Government
of the United States not to disturb any of the people
byreason of the late war so long as they live in peace
and quiet and abstain from acts of armed hostility,
and obey the laws in existence at the place of their
residence.
7. In general terms the war to cease, a general
amnesty so far as the Executive of the United States
can command, on the condition of the disbandment
of the confederate armies, distribution of arms, and
the resumption of peaceful pursuits by the officers
and men hitherto composing such armies. Not being
fully empowered by, our respective principals to ful-
fill these terms, we individually and officially pledge
ourselves to promptly obtain an answer thereto and
to carry out the above programme.
W. T. SHERMAN.
Major General Commanding
Army United States in North Carolina.
J. E. JOHNSTON,
General Commanding Confederate States
Army in North Carolina.
Mr. President, the opponents of secession
have always maintained that it was an attempt
at revolution under another name and guise.
The right of revolution belongs to every peo-
ple, is natural, universal, and indestructible;
and it is the ultimate hope of every friend of
freedom, and the scourge and particular aver-
sion of tyrants. It was in the assertion of
this great right of universal manhood that
Washington drew a sword which was never
tarnished, and it is the force which has wrung
from despotism all the liberty ever enjoyed in
the world. It belongs to those only whose
right it is to judge of the occasions which call
for its exercise, otherwise it would not be their
right. But it is not an irresponsible one; its
exercise inaugurates civil war and all its hor-
rible concomitants, and it ought never to be
resorted to unless it is manifest that the evils,
present and impending, from which it seeks
deliverance are greater than those which it will
introduce.
Upon this point those who invoke it are the
sole judges, and they must take into their grave
consideration the chances of military success
before they refer their rights to the wager of
battle. There were no wrongs and oppressions
to justify or excuse the secessionists when they
precipitated the rebellion ; since its suppres-
sion they have been heaped upon them mount-
ain high, beyond all comparison in excess of
those which brought our ancestors to strike for
liberty and independence. But they have ex-
hausted their strength in a precipitate and fool-
ish contest, and now their arms can promise
them no redress. Their example is another
striking proof of the truth of the position
that those who strike with arms for the redress
of wrongs and oppressions must not anticipate
them, but they must be present and their gall-
ing weight be felt. The rebels having made an
unsuccessful effort to exercise the right of
revolution, a right dear to the heart of man,
and for which success gives sanction, were
criminals, but by the judgment of the world
without baseness, without any moral turpitude.
They are political criminals, and England and
the United States allows no extradition of
political criminals.
I have conceded that in the act of armed
resistance to the authority of the United States
during the rebellion every one might be shot
down as a public enemy; but never having
entered upon such resistance, or having ceased
it, all persons, except in cases arising in the
land or naval service of the United States,
were entitled to be tried by the law and ac-
cording to law upon every charge. This is the
constitutional right of every person, even felons
and traitors; they are subject to no punishment
or forfeiture whatever until prosecuted, tried,
and convicted according to the forms of the
common law; and that is the great glory of
American liberty.
No people had a clearer understanding of
all their rights, political and civil, nnder the
Constitution, or appreciated them more highly
than the people ot the southern States. They
saw their State constitutions and laws, their
right of self-government, and all their political
and civil rights guarantied to them by the Con-
stitution of the United States, struck down by
acts of Congress, and erected upon the general
ruin for a government a crude monstrosity, com-
posed of soldiers, freed negroes, strangers, and
adventurers, that acted without law or rule or
order; but driven headlong by interest, passion,
frenzy, and the paroxysms of suddenly-acquired
and resistless power. It was Congress that in-
augurated revolution, disorder, anarchy, vio-
lence, and crime by the assumption and flagrant
abuse of enormous and tyrannical powers in the
southern States; and it has made the legitimate
and inevitable fruits of its own measures the
pretexts for further assumptions of power and
the continued augmentation of its wrongs and
oppressions of the southern people.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I wish to
make a suggestion, I believe with the assent
of my friend from Illinois, who has charge of
this bill, that by general consent it be under-
stood that we shall vote on the bill and such
amendments as exist or may be proposed to-
morrow at three o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER and others. Say four.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont suggests that by unanimous consent
of the Senate the vote be taken on this bill,
with the pending amendments, to-morrow at
three o'clock.
Several Senators. Say four.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to suggest
two o'clock. I want to-morrow for the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There are one or two
gentlemen who wish to make short speeches
to the point.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think we have heard
all we want to hear.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That may be, but we
may not have said all we want to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the order for taking a vote at
four o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. CHANDLER. Three o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Sen-
ators suggested four o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. I, for one, do not choose
to be bound by such an agreement to-morrow.
I think we had better finish the bill to-night.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 15, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock ni. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Buti.eu.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
duties on 1.umbf.r.
Mr. SMITH, of Vermont, by unanimous
consent, presented petitions from citizens of
New England and New York, interested in
the use and sale of lumber, and representing
a trade estimated at from seventy five to one
hundred million dollars, asking for a repeal
of the law imposing duties on imported lum-
ber; which were referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
close of land offices.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, reported
back, with the recommendation that it do
pass, the bill (H. R. No. 60) to close the land
system in certain Stales.
Mr. JULIAN. I hope the House will pass
the bill now. It will give rise to no contro-
versy, and will save some thousands of dollars
to the Government.
The bill was read. It provides that when-
ever the quantity of public lands remaining
unsold in any State shall not exceed ten thou-
sand acres, it shall be the duty of the Secre-
tary of the Interior to order the land ofBce or
offices in such State to be closed, and the office
of register and receiver shall thereupon be
discontinued. The Secretary is then to cause
the archives and records of such office or
offices to be transferred to the General Land
Office, and the Commissioner thereof shall
thereupon be vested with all the powers of
said register and receiver in regard to the dis-
posal of any fragmentary or other parcel or
tract that may be found to be vacant public
land.
Mr. TAFFE. I would inquire if this bill
has the approval of the Secretary of the Inte-1
rior or the Commissioner of the General Land
Office?
Mr. JULIAN. It has the approval of the
Secretary and of the Commissioner, and the
unanimous approval of the Committee on the
Public Lands. It will save needless expense
to the Government. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time. Being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to rcconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAL DEFICIENCY BILL.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Dawes, Mr. Benjamin, and Mr. Myers
as the committee of conference on the part of
the House upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1097) mak-
ing appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1870, and for other purposes.
indian affairs in oregon.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which wa° read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
