5070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
of each class that have boon canceled and destroyed
shall be deducted respectively from the amount of
each class of tho outstanding debt of the United
States. In addition to other amounts that may bo
applied to the redemption or paymont of the public
debt, an amount equal to tho interest on all bonds
bolonging to the aforesaid sinking fund shall bo
applied, as the Secretary of tho Treasury shall from
time to time direct, to the ppyuicnt of the public
debt as provided for in seotion live of tho act afore-
said.
Mr. SCHENCK. As we havo provided not
only for the canceling and destroying, but for
keeping a record of tho first class of these
bonds, we ought also to use the word "re-
corded," in the sixteenth line of this section.
I therefore move to amend the section, as
follows:
After the word "be," in tho sixteenth line, insert
the word "recorded;" so that it will read:
Any bonds hereafter applied to said sinking fund,
and all other United States bonds redeemed or paid
hereafter by the United States shall also in like
manner be recorded, canccled, and destroyed.
The amendment was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGN13D.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when, the Speaker signed the
same:
An act(H. R. No. 2551) to change the times
of holding the circuit and district courts of the
United States for the northern district of Ohio ;
An act (S. No. 70-1) for the relief of Alex-
ander C. Twining;
An act (S. No. 700) for the relief ot John
Tyler;
An act (S. No. 9-17) for the improvement of
water communication between tho Mississippi
river and Lake Michigan, by the Wisconsin
and Pox rivers;
An act (S. No. 602) to grant the right of
way for the Alameda road through certain
lands iu California.
fondino hill.
The House resumed the consideration of the
funding bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I offer the following
amendment:
Section six, lino thirtocn, after the word " Depart-
ment" add the following:
And a statement of tho sinking fund shall be kept,
so as to show tho principal of the fund, with the cur-
rent interest, as it would bo if tho bonds composing
tho said fund wero kept to represcntit.
Mr. Speaker, I will ask the Clerk to road the
filth section of the act of 1802, which is referred
to in the sixth section of this bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Sec. f>. Andheit further enacted. That all duties on
imported floods shall be paid in coin, or in notes pay-
able on demand heretofore authorized to be issued
ami bylaw receivable in payment of public dues,
and tho coin so paid shall bo set apart as a special
fund, and shall be applied ns follows:
"First. To tho payment in coin of tho interest on
tho bonds and notes of tho United States.
" Second. To tho purchase or payment of one per
ccnt. of tho entire debt of tho United States, to bo
made within each fiscal year after the 1st day of
July, 1862, which is to ho set apart as a sinking fund,
and tho interest of which shall in like manner bo
applied to the purchase or payment of tho public
debt, as the Secretary of the Treasury shall from
time to time direct.
" Third. The residue thereof to be paid into the
Treasury of the United States."
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to this provision, which is in
the first loan bill under which the five-twenty
bonds were issued. The others followed on
from that act. And in that act we incorpor-
ated a provision that a sinking fund should be
established of one per cent, of the entire debt.
We reserved out of the coin receipts of cus-
toms an amount to be kept, properly speaking,
in bonds, the Treasury holding those bonds
and adding to them from year to year one per
cent, of the entire indebtedness of the country,
together with the accruing interest thereon,
which, in the course of some sixteen or twenty
years—the precise number of years is not in
my mind at the moment; it is a matlprof sim
pie mathematical calculation—would pay off
tho entire debt. This section of the bill pro-
vides that instead of keeping the bonds them-
selves and paying interest upon them, pro
forma, the bonds, as fast as they are received,
shall be recorded and canceled. Now, I think
it would be important, not only as a matter of
correct accounting, but more especially for tho
information of the people, that they may see
exactly how the sinking fund has increased,
and to what extent and how far it is reducing"
the debt, the accounts at the Treasury should
state specifically from year to year, or every
six months, the actual amount of the sinking
fund, together with the interest from time to
time, so that this information might be access-
ible to any person that desired it.
I would remark here that the subject of the
sinking fund is one that is comparatively new
in this country. We have had very little occa-
sion for it, and it is a subject which I find,
from the remarks which have been made in
the course of this debate, is not altogether
understood even by some portion of the mem-
bers of the House. I think, therefore, and I
have framed my amendment with that view,
that it would be well to have the books of the
Treasury show distinctly and specifically the
state of the account, its amount, and its semi-
annual increase.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the amendment of
my colleague on the committee from Tennes-
see will not be adopted. We kept in view
this fifth section of the act of 18G2 all the time
while drawing this seotion, and have endeav-
ored so to conform with it as to save at least
the application of that amount to which we
had pledged ourselves toward the reduction of
the public debt by a sinking fund. I believe
I have not much bump of reverence. I think
a sinking fund an absurdity. I am inclined to
think our provision for canceling and destroy-
ing all the bonds that come in is quite sufficient.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will ask the gentleman
a single question which I hope he will answer,
and that is whether he contemplates disregard-
ing this pledge?
Mr. SCHENCK. Not at all. We have
saved tho entire pledge, only we destroy the
bonds. 1 do not want to go back to the sinking-
fund matter at all.
The question was taken on Mr. Maynard's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I withdraw tho pre-
vious question, and move that all debate on this
section be closed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following amend-
ment :
At the end of tho bill add the following sections:
Srcc. 7. And he it further enacted. That the Secretary
of tho Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to
issue registered bonds of tho United States, in such
form and of such denominations, of not less than
fifty dollars and multiples thereof, as he shall think
proper, payablo in thirty years from date in gold,
bcaiing interest at four per ccnt., payable semi-
annually in gold. and free from all oxcise and tax-
ation whatever, either on such bonds or the incomo
derived therefrom, and redeemable in gold at the
option of the United States after ten years upon six
months' public notice; which said bonds shall bo
known as the convertible bonds of the United States;
and such bonds shall express on their face that they
are convertible at any time into legal-tender notes.
See. S. Anil he it further enacted, That whenever
any person shall pay any legal-tender notes of tho
United States at the Treasury or at any Assistant
Treasury of the United States, to the amount of fifty
dollars or any multiple thereof, for that purpose, he
shall receive at par vatuo an equal amount of such
convertible bonds; and whoever shall present one
or more of said convertible bonds at the Treasury or
at any Assistant Treasiuy of the United States, or at
any public depository ot the moneys of the United
States which the Secretary of the Treasury shall have
designated lor tuat purpose, and demand redemp-
tion thereof, at .my time before the mat urity thereof,
ho shall receive the laee ol bis bond or bonds in
legal-lender notes at par value, and the accrued
interest remaining unpaid up to the date ofsuch de-
mand in go d; i!nd such bonda shall bo immediatcly
eanceled and l-otui ned to the Treasurer ol' the United
States as voueheis of the amount paid tueieon.
Seo. 9. And he it fia thcr enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury shall, a* soon as practicable atter
[ leeetviny tho S'jititi, use or invest a.t least eighty per
cent., and as much more as he shall deem expedient,
of all legal-tender notes received for such bonds, in
buying up or redeeming tho six per cent, gold inter-
est bonds of tho United States. And he shall have
authority to make such regulations as he shall deem
needful to carry the provisions of this aet into effect.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to that amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
49, noes 85.
Mr. BENJAMIN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Benjamin
anil Mr. Sciiexok were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes thirty-nine, noes not counted.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
Mr. ASPEK. I havean amendment to offer.
The SPEAKER. If the House sustains the
previous question the gentleman cannot offer it.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
Mr. Davis's amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the motion to
adjourn was made I offered an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not recog-
nize the gentleman for that purpose; he heard
him state that he desired to offer it.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I sent up the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is quite
mistaken. Tho Chair recognized the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, who had
intimated a desire to move the previous ques-
tion, and the Chair was bound, under the rules
of the House, to recognizehimforthatpurpose.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Davis ; and it was not
agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed,itwas accordingly read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of tho bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 128, nays 43,
not voting 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong-, Arncll, Aspcr, Atwood.Axtcll, Ayer, Bailey,
Barnum, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Bingham,
Blair,Boles, Booker,Boyd,GeorgeM. Brooks, Buck,
Buckley, Buffinton.Barehard, Burdctt, Roderick It.
Butler, Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney
Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Cobum,
Cook, Conger, Cullom, Dawes, Degcncr, Dickey,
Dockery. Donley, Ela, ITerriss, Perry, Finkelnburg,
Fisher,Fitch, ltalo, Harris, Hawley, Hay, Hill,Hoar,
Hooper, Jenckes, Alexander II. Jones, Judd, Ju-
lian, Kclley, Kellogg, Kolscy, Kotcham, Knapp,
Lallin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, Mny-
nard, McCarthy, McGrew, McKenzie, Mercur, Eli-
akiin M. Moore, Jesse II. Moore, William Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Neglcy, O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perce,
Peters, Phelps, Porter, Prosser, Roots, Sanford, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Schonck, Schumaker, Scofield,Shanks,
Porter Sheldon, Slocum, John A. Smith, William J.
Smith, William Smyth. Starkweather. Stevens-
Stone, Stoughton, Strickland. Strong, Taffo, Tanner,
Taylor. Tillman, Xownsond, Twiehell.Tyner, Upson,
Van Horn. Van Wyck, "Wallace, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Welker, Wells, Whitmore, Willaril, and
Vv'i! liains—128,
NAYS — Messrs. Adams. Archcr, Boatty, Beck,
Bird. Calkin, Cleveland,Crebs. Davis,Dox, Eldridge,
Getz, Griswold, llamill, Hawkins, Ingersoll, John-
son, Thomas L. Jones, Keir, Ivnott, Lewis, Mar-
shall, Maybatn, McNeely, Morgan, Mungen. Nib-
lack, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Sherrod, SUobcr, Stev-
enson, Stiles, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Trump, Voor-
lices, Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Win-
eh^ester.^WoocL and Woodward—13.
1
I; . ,      
inson, Dixon, Duval, Dyer, ffarnsworth, Fox, Gar-
hekl, Gibson, Giliiilrtn, Haight, Haldcman, ilum-
bleton, Hamilton, Hays, Ilettin, Hoge, Iloluian,
llotehkiss. Lynch, McCormick, McCrary, McICec,
Milnes. Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey. Ncwsham,
Piatt, Poland, Pomcroy, Potter, Ridgway, Rogers,
