1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5071
Lionel A. Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith, Wortliington
C. Smith, Stokes, Strader, Swann, Van Auken,
Ward. William B. Washburn, Wheeler, A?ilkinson,
Winans, and Witcher—58.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. IIOLMAN said: On this question I am
paired with Mr. Ward of New York. If he
were here he would vote for the bill, and I
would vote against it.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. By instruction of the
Committee of Ways and Means I now report
back Senate bill No. 380, to authorize the re-
funding and consolidation of the national debt,
to extend banking facilities, and to establish
specie payments, with one single amendment
to it, which amendment is an exact copy of
the bill which has just passed the House. I
now call the previous question on the bill and
amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the title
of the_ bill so that it shall read, " A bill to
authorize the refunding and consolidation of
the national debt, and for other purposes."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. PERCE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill of the following
title; when the Speaker signed the same:
A bill (H. R. No. 1467) to construe certain
acts therein cited in relation to pensions.
leave OF absence.
Mr. REEVES was granted leave of absence
for four days.
Mr. KELLO GG was granted leave of absence
for four days.
Mr. KELSEY was granted leave of absence
for to-morrow.
Mr. STARKWEATHER was granted leave
of absence for four days.
Mr. UPSON was granted leave ot absence
for to-morrow and Tuesday.
Mr. STRONG was granted leave of absence
for four days.
Mr. CAKE was granted an extension of his
leave of absence until the 7th of July.
Mr. PORTER was granted leave of absence
for one week from to-morrow.
Mr. LAFLIN was granted indefinite leave
of absence, on account of sickness in his
family,
reports on education.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting certain reports on the sub-
ject of education, called for by resolutions
adopted by the House of Representatives on
the 17th and 10th days of January last ; which
was referred to the Committee on Education
and Labor, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DIGKEY. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at five o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
llouse adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate corn-
mil tees :
l>y Mr. AXTELL : ApctitionofG14persons,
residents of Santa Clara, Monterey, and San
Luis Obispo counties, California, praying Con-
gress to_ grant aid in public lands and subsidies
to aid in the construction of the Southern
Pacific railroad. This petition makes in all
9,783 names presented by Mr. Axtell within
a few days praying aid for this road.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Elizabeth Keating, for a pension.
By Mr. CLAIIK, of Texas: The petitions
of William W. Master and S. L. S. Ballowe,
of Brazoria county, Texas, for removal of their
political disabilities.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of Joseph
Bryant, late private company E fifty-fourth
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, for a pen-
sion for disability resulting from injuries re-
ceived while in the service of the United
States.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of
Messrs. Tweed & Andrews, William Glenn &
Sons, and many others, leading business men
and firms of Cincinnati, Ohio, remonstrating
against the proposed amendment of the tax
and tariff bill, changing the date when reduc-
tion of duties shall take effect, and praying
that the date fixed, December 31, 1870, be
retained.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 1, 1870.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
D. D.
election 01? president pro tempore.
The Ciiibp Clerk. The Senate will come
to order. The following letter has been ad-
dressed to the Secretary of the Senate by the
Vice President, with the request that it be
communicated to the Senate:
Vice President's Chamber,
Washington, Jidy 1,1870.
Dear Sir.: Please state to the Senate that having
an engagement to speak on the 4th instant I am com-
pelled to bo absent from the eitv for a few day<=.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Vice President.
George C. Gorham, esq., Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Clerk, I send a resolu-
tion to the Chair, on which I ask the action
of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk. The following resolu-
tion is submitted by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, who asks for its present consideration:
Resolved, That in the absence of the Vice Presi-
dent Hon. Henry 13. Anthony bo, and ho is horeby,
chosen President of the Senate pro tempore.
The resolution was agreed to unanimously;
and Mr. Anthony took the chair as President
pro tempore.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary inform the President
of the United States that in the absence of the Vice
President the Sonato ha,s chosen Hon. Mr. An-
thony, a Senator from the State of Rhode Island,
President of the Senate jjro tempore; and tha.t, he
make a similar communication to the House of Rep-
resentatives.
recess.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Jour-
nal of yesterday will now be read.
Mr. McDONALD. I move to dispense with
the reading of the Journal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to dispensing with the reading of the
Journal? It requires unanimous consent. The
Chair hears no objection ; and the reading of
the Journal is dispensed with.
Mr. McDONALD. I move that at half past
four o'clock to-day the Senate take a recess
until half past seven, for the purpose of consid-
ering to-night the Mediterranean and Oriental
steamship bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suggest to my friend from
Arkansas that it be understood that if that bill
shall be concluded this evening we shall after-
i ward consider the bill relating to the payment
i to Maine and Massachusetts of war expenses
| in the war of 1812.
i Mr. RAMSEY. The general understand-
ing was that the Duluth bill should come up
next.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator from
Arkansas will accept the suggestion of the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. McDONALD. I will do that.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the proposition ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that at half past four o'clock to-day the Senate
take a recess uutil half past seven, for the pur-
pose of considering at the evening session the
Oriental steamship navigation bill.
Mr. THURMAN, I have no objection to
the agreement to take a recess; but I think it
is but just to my colleague to say that it is his
purpose, as he has stated to me, to ask the
Senate to sit to-night on the bill for the reduc-
tion of taxes, in case that bill shall not have
been concluded before the recess; and 1 hope
no other business will have precedence over
that to-night.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ark-
ansas.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood the Senator
from Arkansas to accept the proposition that
the Massachusetts bill from the other House
be also considered to-night.
Mr. WILSON. I suppose that is all with
the understanding that we are first to finish the
tax bill.
Mr. McDONALD. That is the understanding.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I shall be
compelled to object to any business to-night,
in behalf of the Finance Committee, unless
the tax bill shall be got through with before
that time.
Mr. THURMAN. _ That bill must have pre-
cedence over everything.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I think we can finish it
to-day.
Air. THURMAN. I hope so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
of business is at all times within the control
of the Senate. The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Arkansas.
The Chair put the question, and declared the
motion to be agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to inquire
what was the motion just put and carried.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That at
half past four o'clock to-day the Senate take
a recess until half past seven o'clock. The
Senator from Arkansas made his motion with
the view of having considered to-night the Ori-
ental steam navigation bill; but the Senator
from Vermont asked to have the question
divided, and it was divided.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, I asked
to have the question taken, with the distinct
understanding the tax bill should be first com-
pleted. As that is the understanding on the
part of the mover, I do not object to the mo-
tion, as otherwise I should.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator to ask for a division
of the question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir; I
was merely providing that the tax bill should
not be overslaughed.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the order for this
evening now?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes; let us have that dis-
tinctly understood.
ThePRESIDENTjpro tempore. The record
is that the Senate will take a recess from half
past four until half past seven o'clock, for the
purpose of considering to-night the Oriental
steam navigation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. And also the Massachu-
setts bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that modification to have been
accepted; but the order of business is at all
times under the control of the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am very anxious to be
allowed to move an amendment to the mo'ton
uf the Senator from Arkansas.
