1296
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Foreign Affairs. [Mr. Bakes,] and the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Orth,] both of whom
•desire to speak on this qnestion. If, however,
it is the temper of the House that the debate
shall be closed during the morning hour to-day,
I am perfectly willing, with the consent of the
friends of the proposition, to call the previous
question upon the resolution of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and to bring the debate to
a close.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I desire to appeal to
the gentleman from Maryland on this question.
I trust that he will not call for the previous
question so as to cut off further debate on the
pending resolution. I consider, Mr. Speaker,
the question of the rights of American citizens
incarcerated in English prisons of vastly more
importance than any bill which has come before
this House. I appeal to the gentleman from
Maryland not to call for the previous question,
but to allow this profitable discussion to con-
tinue. Like the gentleman near me, [Mr.
Brooks, of New York,] I object to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] printing
liis speech, for I want to have him deliver it.
I want the people to know whether this Admin-
istration or this House has the pluck to vindi-
cate the rights of American citizens in English
prisons.
Mr. FARNSWORTH rose.
The SPEAKER. This discussion proceeds
by unanimous consent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If this is so import-
ant, the fact that the gentleman from Montana
[Mr. Cavaitaugh] makes a speech does not
show the pluck of the House.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. The gentleman is
mistaken; I do not insist on making a speech.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The pluck of this
House is shown by its votes.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I wish to make
a remark.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I give notice that I
shall move to lay the resolution on the table
unless some gentleman calls for the previous
question.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The Chair recognized the gentle-
man from Tennessee, and he has not yet
yielded the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Tennessee yielded to the morning hoar, and
the morning hour has now begun.
ambbican citizens imprisoned abroad.
The House resumed the consideration of
the following resolution, reported from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs:
Ketolved by the Home of RcpreteiUativa, That the
President of the United States be requested to com-
municate to this House, if not incompatible with the
public interest, any information which may have
come to his knowledge concerning American citi-
zens, whether native or naturalized, who may be at
this time confined in the jails or prisons of Great
Britain for political offenses, and any facts in rela-
tion to the treatment of Such prisoners which he may
feel at liberty to communicate.
The question was upon adopting the resolu-
tion.
Mr. SWANN. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land having reported the resolution is entitled
to the floor for an hour to close the debate.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous
consent of the House for leave to print, as part
of the debates, some detailed statements ot the
grievances and sufferings of American citizens
imprisoned abroad, as well authenticated as I
can present them.
There was no objection.
The remarks are as follows:
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, it was thought by
some, and perhaps by the Committee on For-
eign Affairs when they reported my resolution
as modified, so to call for more information as
to the treatment of prisoners in England, that
more facts should have been given on which
to base the call. Perhaps they wished more
authentic evidence of facts. Will you allow
me now to supply this omission, and in such
way as even to touch the heart of the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Willard] and the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper?]
Surely if they will read what I collate from
well-informed sources they will not oppose
longer this resolution; but even without official
or farther information they would at once
amend it so as to pass the original resolution
which I offered asking intervention for relief
and release.
Without further preface, with the permission
of the House so kindly accorded, I supply the
want. These facts have their own rhetoric and
logic. I do not seek to take the time of the
House by their elaboration. Hence I departed
from my usual course of debate, and preferred
to have them printed for the eye rather than
spoken for the ear.
Many of these prisoners are Americans by
adoption. They are very near to us by patri-
otic associations in our late civil war.
Lieutenant Colonel W. G. Halpin, who be-
fore the late war was prominently known as an
engineer and surveyor, in connection, I believe,
with the city government of Cincinnati, and
during the war greatly distinguished himself
as an officer of the tenth Ohio regiment, is the
only one of the prisoners whose health offers
any exception to the rule of wretchedness
superinduced by ill-treatment. This is attrib-
uted to his steady refusal to take any medicine
from the prison officials, seeing the terrible
effects of the same on his comrades. More
than three months ago Colonel Halpin wrote a
letter to the Secretary of State of his Govern-
ment "St Washington, which was suppressed.
More recently, previous to January 1, he wrote
a full statement to the same official, which at
that time was before the English home secre-
tary, Mr. Bruce, who in all probability would
suppress it, as—
"They seem determined not to allow him to com-
munioate with the American Government, seeing
from his letters that he establishes his innocence of
the violation of any British law."
The case of Colonel Rickard Burke is one
suggesting- aggravated and persistent terror.
Mr. Downing, a member of Parliament, who
seemed to give a deaf ear to the general out-
cry against the usage of the prisoners, specially
singled out the case of Burke for protest in the
House of Commons. He said he was subjected
to, and a victim of, a slow sort of starvation diet.
The Birmingham (England) Daily Gazette
of 11th January gives the report of a meeting
held in that city in favor of the amelioration
of the treatment of political prisoners, and for
the purpose of appointing a deputation to wait
on the borough members to enlist their ser-
vices in the good cause.
The report says, alluding to the purpose of
the meeting:
"Those charges were to the effect that the prisoners
had been and were still being treated with unneces-
sary harshness. One statement was that one of the
prisoners was chained together with a man who had
committed a crimeso odious that even the law did
not give a name to it; and, generally speaking, they
were classed with garroters, thieves, burglars, and
treated in the game way. From the effects of this
treatment it was alleged that many had died and
others had become hopeless lunatics. Thesecharges,
it was said, were not mere minors, but were based
on well-authenticated documents. One of these
documents Mr. Lampard had in his possession, and
would be prepared to produce in the presence of the
borough members.
"Most of the speakers believed the charges to be-
true. and they were quite unanimous in their de-
mands for an investigation into them, The charges
had been made repeatedly, they were implicitly
believed in Ireland, in America, and in France, and
the Government ought either to disprove them or
immediately cause the hardships complained of to
cease. Political prisoners ought not to be treated
in the same way as felons. Neither justice or expe-
diency demanded that they should be degraded by,
being coupled with men who had committed the
most odious or the meanest of crimes.,"
This was the opinion of an English constit-
uency, the constituency of John Bright. I
commend it to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hooper] who objected to my resolu-
tion, and to the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Willard] who opposed it. The latter has a
balmy belief in English civilization, and takes
for granted that whatever is done is rightly
done there. Let him hearken to the words of
John Bright in reply to the deputation. IIG
admitted the vindictiveness with which polit-
ical prisoners were treated by the English. Of
course he smoothed over the special point of
the deputation with the ministerial oil. Such
oil is always so ready at hand. Of course the
rumorswereexaggerated; buta dissentingmin-
ister, who had suffered imprisonment for polit-
ical offenses, having made some remarks, Mr.
Bright made this suggestive admission :
" I have heard what Mr. O'Neill says, and although
I do not know he went through all these cruelties,
I recollect the painful letter written by Mr. Ernest
Jones, describing what be suffered. Any Govern-
ment which would inflict on a political prisoner the
hardships Mr. Ernest Jones was subjected to upon
that occasion would be a Government which would
have no right to appeal to the sympathies of a free
people."
In further corroboration of these facts, I
quote what The Irishman (Dublin) says :
"Wehave been requested by a'correspondent in
whom we place the highest confidence, ' in the name
of humanity,' to expose the following facts, and to
urge upon every man at once, without a day or an
hour's delay, thata proper inquiry bo made into the
treatment and present condition of tho prisoners.
"Hear these statements—the solemn and earnest
declaration of the most faithworthy of witnesses—
whose authenticity we can vouch lor, whose denial
wo challenge.
"The facts, says our correspondent, which aro
particularly clear are that Underwood O'Connell is
rapidly drooping into his grave, and that no care is
taken to avert his doom; that M. Devoy was removed
from chapel a few days since fainting from sheer
exhaustion; that Iiickard Burke believes himself un-
der a process of poison, and has, at least temporarily,
gone mad under that belief, and that his delusiou
rests at all events upon the solid fact that tho doctor
has administered doses of mercury to him, without his
knowledge or concurrence, better fitted in quantity
for an elephant than a man enfeebled, and that tho
only apology or explanation made for the doctor is
put vaguely, that either the prisoner helped him-
self, which he could not do, or that the wrong medi-
cine was by accident administered to him."
The process by which Burke was dosed is
given by an English gentleman for whose vera-
city the editor of the Irishman pledges himself.
This writer corroborates the above, and gives
many revolting particulars as to ill treatment
of Burke, Halpin, O'Connell, McClure, and the
prisoners generally.
The following is an epitome of his statement,
omitting much that is really disgusting:
" Those among the prisoners who were hopeful a
short time since are beginning to sink beneath dis-
ease, starvation, and cruelty. In Chatham the most
hopeful was, perhaps, Charles U. O'Connell; but,
owing to the horrible treatment he has received for
the last four years, he is now on the brink of the
grave. The doctor says he has heart disease, but
that he is not allowed to cure him. The gallant
seven of Chatham aro closely confined twenty-two
hours every day. and are prevented from stating,
either orally or by letter, anything of their health
or condition. If they refer to either in their letters
the letters are suppressed. The visits, which the
worst criminal is entitled to by prison regulations,
are denied to them.
" The worst criminals are treated better. When
in chapel the political prisoners are guarded by the
warders, who sit in front of them witn their backs to
the altar, and when one of them goes to commun-
ion he is led np to the altar by a warder, armed
with a sword and a heavy club, which he holds above
the head in the most menacing and indecent manner.
The ordinary prisoners are allowed to communicate
without any guard, and the result of this is that tho
political prisoners have resolved not to communioate
again while in prison.
"The prisoners now firmly believe that the Gov-
ernment do not intend doing them to death by
chains and dark cells, but by a much more ingen-
ious and effective plan, namely, by dosing them in
some mysterious way which will leave no trace be-
hind. Not long since most of them had spasms of
a mysterious nature. The employment to which
they are put is the most destructive to health that
could be devised. The seven prisoners and two
warders are crowded into a cell fourteen by seven,
in the most unhealthy part of Chatham jail, breath-
ing the exhausted air in such a confined place all
; the day. Along with this the halls are heated by
j two stoves, in which coke is used as fuel. This emits
! such volcanoes of carbonic acid gas that it poisons
the air in the cells, although the prisoners do not
I receive a particle of heat. This, along with the dust
from the old stockings which the prisoners are con -
stantly inhaling, is sufficient to kill a dog wjtnoui
the doctor's assistance. Gallant Iiickard Burke baa
had spasms several times, and there is now, Mas.
