2240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
CATCn-WOKDS—THBIK VALUE.
The word'' liberty'' is familiar to these Halls.
It has been rung here until it has lost its mean-
ing. It meant only the liberty of the black.
Apply it to the enfranchisement of labor, and
although it has new and manifold meaning it has
no echo in that sense here. If it be spoken thus
by the other side it is with " bated breath and
whisperinghumbleness." Iam for the enfran-
chisement of labor from oppression aud spoli-
ation. I propose to pursue what I was taught
when a student and what I have maintained
in manhood, the liberation of trade from its
thralldom to Government exactions and class
rapacity. Gentlemen may be assured that the
agitation will never cease until the object is
achieved. It is a rational object, and as much
of a right, constitutional, natural, and moral,
as the right to live, speak, print, or labor.
Another word has had its changes in this
Hall—" hxmanity"—and by none more vehe-
m enlly than the gentlemen on the other side who
champion oppression and spoliation. Their
pretense is that their protection embraces the
whole American people. Let us see! Our
population is 40,000,000. Nearly one half, or
41 per cent., are unprotected agriculturists,
producing one half of our wealth. All the
remainder, except 7 per cent., are in other
than protected pursuits. This 7 per cent, are
the so-called ''industrial" class, or about
3,000,000; so that, when stated truly, protec-
tion does not embrace the brotherhood of
mun, but only the American brotherhood ; and
v. lien understood, this brotherhood is limited
to a manufacturing class, 0,000,000 only out of
our -10,000,000; and when further pressed, to
a portion of that class ; and when truly stated,
trimmed of all sophism, limited to a few of the
lich capitalists, as in iron, to 200. This is
their boasted brotherhood anil humanity 1
There are olher catch-words used to bolster
up wrong beside "liberty" and "humanity."
" Protection" is one of them Such words
are like a certain kind of tnoney—we have
such—when its current value is understood
no one is deceived by it. Verba valent ut
uinitmi. Protection, taken at its proper reck-
oning, is simply unprotection, or worse. In
Tartary they have a more polite way of rob-
bery. says M. Hue: present a pistol to the
traveler, call him your dear brother, then take
his coat and horse!
Before I am through it will be demonstrated
that the manufacturing operatives and artisans
are oppressed by this system ; that the mass of
the people, consumers and producers alike,
are in the same condition ; and linally, that to
perfect this system of oppression and spolia-
tion, all brotherhood.neighborhood, statehood,
and if I may say so, nationhood and manhood,
are disregarded.
J'llEE TBADE ADVANCES.
I am not insensible to the fact that the gen-
erous and humane spirits of Europe and many
of the champions of humanity in this country
have advocated the enfranchisement of man-
kind from the restrictions and tyranny of class
and selfish policies. Adam Smith, Huskisson,
Villiers, Peel, Cobden, Bright, and John Stuart
Mill, in England; Jean Baptisto Sey, Destull
De Tracy, Chevalier, and Bastiat, in Franco ;
Figuerola, in Spain, have found lately their
truths pertaining to the freedom of industry
and exchange reechoed by humanitarkins upon
cisatlantic shores. Francis Wayland, Garri-
son, Leavitt, Wendell Phillips, Henry Ward
Beecher, and Charles Sumneu, conspicuous
humanitarians, have given their intelligent ad-
hesion to these doctrines. After southern negro
slavery died under their agitation in the throes
of civil war, they found that the true liberty of
our kind did not altogether consist in knocking
off the fetters from 4,000,000 black limbs, but
that 40,000,000 blacks and whites were sub-
jected to a slavery more degrading, insidious,
and pretentious than ever slaveholder argued
or urged.
RELATION OP PAIiTIKS TO THE WRMf.
Along with these champions, some of them
latter-day converts but zealous, are theDemoe-
racy of America. I know there are some De-
mocrats here whom I dearly love and highly re-
spect, who " have forsaken the right way, and
are gone astray, following the way of Balaam,
the sou of Besor,who loved the wages of unright-
eousness." (2 Peter, ii: 15.) [Laughter.] But
with a lew exceptions, in interested districts, the
msiss of that party have ever been inclined to
the freedom of labor. Their leaders are now
its foremost, as they were its pioneer cham-
pions. N orshould 1 claim for this so much credit.
Their interests are the interests of the masses,
aud the interests of the masses are those of
freedom of labor, trade, and exchange; while
the interest of tho oppressor and spoiler is the
interest of isolated and greedy monopoly. The
wealthof corporations and individuals has been
freely used, not'only as a motive but a means
to the increase of their stores by the tricks and
tyranny of partial legislation.
To attain this end, tariffs have been added to
tariffs—eleven since the war began and since it
ended—higher rates added to higher, until the
climax of audacious rapacity has been readied
in the present law, and the reaching has been
so far aud high that the oppressors and spoilers
have overreached themselves. This monstrous
bill has aroused a spirit of inquiry and defianco
which will not ccase until the iniquity ceases.
The astute and wise gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison ] warns his Republican friends
that unless they reduce these exactions at least
20 per cent, the doom of their party is sure. He
advises well when he says that the Republican
party willbelieldaecountuble. I hold them now
responsible, not only for the present odious
law, but tho present attempt by this bill to
extend its enormities. 1 hold them responsi-
ble for the flagrant breach of faith referred to
by that gentleman. They were bound by every
honorable motive and obligation to reduce the
tariff at the end of the war. As I said the other
day, 1 was on the conference committee of the
tariffofl8G4. The committeegave as their reason
in committee, what Mr. MohiujlIi, of Verriiont,
said in the House, that tho act of 1804 was but
a temporary war measure; that it was made
necessary by tho internal revenuo tax on man-
ufactures. They required that this burden
which was laid upon this favored class should
be relieved by additional protection against for-
eign competition, and in consideration thereof
they promised to reduce the tariff when these
internal burdens were removed. Well, are
they not nearly all removed? Direct taxes on
manufactures have been removed. It is esti-
mated that $150,000,000 would have been col-
lected last year had this removal not been
accomplished. Will not the rest of tho direct
tax fall? Is it not already tho plan to reduce
the internal revenue by $20,000,000 more ?
Mr. ALLISON. Thirty millions is the prop-
osition.
Mr. COX. Yes, thirty millions.
But we are told that $20,000,000 are to be
taken off the tariff: that revenue to this amount
is to be reduced. Oh ! but this reduction of
revenue, as I shall show, is so artfully made,
and upon articles like tea and coffee, which
have so little competition in this country, that
it aggravates the exactions from other articles.
For instance, if the consumer of tea pays one
dollar duty, the revenue gets that one dollar ;
but if it be paid as a duly on pig iron—when
the revenue gets a dollar, tho iron-monger gets
forty times as much, or forty dollars. This
will be shown hereafter.
The grasping protectionists have received
an equivalent for their internal tax, and have
thus escaped its burdens during the war and
since; and now they ask with loud voice
for more and more, while keeping in their
purses the results of the ill judged generosity
of Congress. Is it not a shameless breach
of faith and honesty for them to ask that the
present tariff rates be continued, and an un-
speakable meanness to ask for their increase ?
They began by inserting the thin edge of the
wedge ; they have accustomed the people to
the exercise of unbeneficia! and inordinate
taxation, and they have never ceased to drive
the wedge home. Well may the gentleman from
Iowa warn his friends. I commend his frank-
ness. If he and his gallant band of Republican
liberals cannot carry their views in Congress
let them cpme within the Democratic fold!
[Laughter.] We will give him a fair field to
maneuver. The gentleman can with more
freedom fire his battery against these gorman-
dized and still greedy oppressors and spoilers !
It is to me strange that gentlemen so gushing
on every occasion here with sympathy for the
blacks and humanity should not remember that
when they inveigh against Canadians or Britons,
whether they be farmers or artisans, they drop
humanity. If T might borrow some of the
rhetorical plumage so often fluttering around
us here I would say, " Why continue to be a
narrow-minded, iron-hearted Pennsylvanian ?
Why not extend your vision and your heart
to the furthest India ? Why forbid your brother
in Sheffield from making you cutlery at the
cheapest rate? Why stop the Australian from
sending us bis wool from the bush? Why, oh,
my beloved Republican brother, wrap thyself
in thy American broadcloth, button thy vest
with an American button, wear an American
shirt, or drink only American brandy at so great
a sacrifice, when by opening our doors these
suffering paupers who labor may be lifted
out of pauperism? But I will not bo captious.
1 welcome the gentlemen from the West of the
Kadicalfaith who drink from Wells v/here pure
I may be allowed to sing Whittier's
water is.
song-
" Of present gratitude.
Insuring future good;
And for the tilings I see
I trust tlio things to be."
[Laughter.]
I will not despair of advancement upon this
question. I can remember when the cheap
loaf was given in England by the corn law
repeal of 1846. What a sturdj light the states-
men of England made for the people against
protection! Our efforts to overthrow it here
will bo easy compared to theirs. I have read
bow the thinker of Bayonne, Bastiat, began al-
most hopelessly to free France from protection ;
how, by parable and pleasantry, logic and irony,
he tore to shreds the protectionist sophisms,
until France, under Napoleon's keen foresight
and Chevalier's economic skill, met her old
enemy, England, represented by Richard Cob-
den, in a great reciprocity! I know liow-
that treaty made both countries leap forward
in a new race of prosperity. Need I tell this
House in figures how much this adhesion to the
laws of political science, the laws of fair, free
trade, gave to both countries? One hundred
per cent, hardly measures the prompt increase
of iheir mutual prosperity!
Before free trade in England her exports
were stationary. In 1843 they were less than
$250,000,000, (£47,250,000.) In 1853, after
free trade fairly began, her exports were
doubled, (£07,250,000;) double the average
of the twenty years of protection. In 18G3 they
were more than $800,000,000, (£160,500,000.)
In 1808 they had risen to $872,000,000. Whereas
under protection $35,000,000 was the average
amount of the carrying trade, under free trade
it grew to $250,000,000, employing thousands,
and reaching to every part of tho world. Her
imports have kept pace with her exports and
transportation ; and France has kept nearly
equal steps with her in both ! No wonder that
with free trade England is driving our ships
from the ocean ; she is making the ships of iron
on the Clyde for every nation but our own, and
she is even threatening to rival our oriental
lines on the Pacific. Her tariff is levied on a
very few articles, while we levy on 4,000. She
raises only $70,000,000 less than we do from
customs. Whenever she reduced her tariff, she
increased her revenue, and aggrandized lier
greatness and prosperity. France did the same !
