1870.
the congressional globe.
5073
ago; but it is totally impossible, in the way the
Senate does business, for me to get it up by
any vote. I therefore ask unanimous consent
to take it up nowf.
Mr. POJilEROY. I shall not object when
we conclude the morning business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont asks unanimous consent to
take up the motion to reconsider the bill men-
tioned by him. Is there any objection?
Mr. POMEROY. I was unable all day yes-
terday to make a report from a committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Kansas object?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection, and the motion referred to
by the Senator from Vermont is before the Sen-
ate; but before proceeding with it the Chair
will, with the consent of the Senate, lay before
the Senate certain bills from the House of
Representatives.
IIODSE BILLS IlEFERltED.
The following bill and joint resolution were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads:
A bill (H. R. No. 1149) to amend an act
entitled "Ati act authorizing the construction
of a bridge across the Missouri river upon the
military reservation at Port Leavenworth;"
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 231) granting
the Evansville and Southern Illinois Railroad
Company the right to build a bridge across the
Big Wabash river.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce:
A bill (EL R. No. 2287) to amend section
twenty-two of an act entitled "An act further
to prevent smuggling, and for other purposes,"
approved July 18, 1806; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1415) creating a collec-
tion district in New Jersey, to be called the
district of Jersey City, and constituting Jersey
City a port of entry.
WISCONSIN AND FOX RIVERS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 947) for
the improvement of water communication be-
tween the Mississippi river and Lake Michigan
by the Wisconsin and Fox rivers.
The amendment was to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the Senate bill, and to
insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the Secretary of War is hereby authorized to
adopt for the improvement of the navigation of the
Wisconsin river such plan as may be recommended
by the chief of the Bureau of Engineers.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary aforesaid is hereby authorized to ascertain at
any time ho shall deem proper, within three vcars
from the passage of this act, the sum which ought in
justice to he paid to the Green Bay and Mississippi
Canal Company, a corporation existing under the
i.ivvs of Wisconsin, as an equivalent for the transfer j
of all and singular its property and rights of property
in and to the line of water communication between
the Wisconsin river aforesaid and the mouth of Fox
river, including its locks, dams, canals, and fran-
chises, or so much of the same as shall, in the judg-
ment of said Secretary, be needed ; and to that end
is authorized to join with said company in appoint-
ing aboard of disinterested and impartial arbitra-
tor, one of whom shall be selected by the Secretary
aforesaid, another by said company, and the third
by the two arbitrators so selected. The Secretary
aforesaid is authorized to employ a competent,agen t
or attorney to represent the interests of the united j
States upon thehearingbeforesuch board: Provided,
That in making their award thesaid arbitrators shall
take into consideration the amount of money realized
fiom the sale of lands heretofore granted by Cou-
plers to the State of Wisconsin to aid in theconstrue-
tion of said water communication, which amount
shall be deducted fiom the actual value thereof as
found by ^aid arbitrators.
Snc. 3. And be it further enacted, That no money
shall be expended on the work contemplated herein
until the Green Bay and Mississippi Canal Company
shall make, and file with the Secretary of War, an
agreement in writing, whereby itshallagree to grpnt
and convey to the United States the property and
franchises mentioned in the foregoing section, upon
the terms awarded by the arbitrators. It is hereby
made the duty of the Secretary of War to transmit
41ST CONO. 2D SESS.—No. 318.
to Congress a copy of the report of the arbitrators,
upon which Congress may, atits then presentsession,
elect to take such property upon making an appro pri-
afoon to pay the amount awarded: Provided, That if
uie Secretary of \\ ar shall not transmit to Congress a
copy ot the report of the arbitrators at least sixty
d&js before the close of its session Congress may at
its next session makesuch election and appropriation.
bEC. 4. And. be tt further enacted, That all tolls and
revenues derived from the improvements made or
acquired under the provisions of this act, after pro-
viding lor the current expenses of operating and
keeping the same in repair, shall be paid into the
ireasury of the United States; and whenever the
United btatcs shall be reimbursed for all sums ad-
vanced for the same, with interest thereon, then the
tolls aforesaid shall be reduced to the least sum
which, together with other revenues properly appli-
cable thereto, if any, shall be sufficient to operate,
and keep the improvements in repair.
Sec. 5, And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary oi War shall annually report to Congress the
progress made in the completion of said iuipiovc-
ments, the amount expended thereon, the amount
if any, required lor the succeeding fiscal year, and
the amount of revennc derived therefrom.
Mr. IIOWE. I move that the Senate con-
cur in the amendment of the House.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that ought to lie
over uutii it can be examined.
Mr. HOWE. Let me assure the Senator
from Ivansas that it is almost precisely similar
to the Senate bill.
^Mr. HARLAN. I hope the Senator from
Kansas will let it go through now.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it defeats what
the friends of the measure want themselves.
Mr. NYE. Let them take the chance of
that.
Mr. POMEROY. If the friends of the meas-
ure take the responsibility, I shall not say any-
thing about it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin moves that the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think that had better
lie over.
Mr. HOWE. Let me tell the Senator from
Michigan that he does not want it to lie over.
Every section that has just been read is just
like every section in the bill passed by the
Senate, except the second; and the only differ-
ence between the second section as it passed
the Senate and the second section as it is read
there, is that this language was in the second
section when it passed the Senate:
And in determining the sum which may be justly
paid to said company the arbitrators shall take into
consideration the amount of money and the value
of other property which said company has received
for lands cedcd by tho United States for the improve-
ment of tho within-named rivers, and the value of
any such lauds now owned by the company, and shall
make report of tlieir doings and of the sum which
may be justly paid said company, one copy of which
shall bo transmitted by them to the Secretary of
War, and one copy to tho secretary of the aforesaid
Green Bay and Mississippi Canal Company.
And now the bill comes back with this lan-
guage in lieu of that:
Provided, That in making their award the said
arbitrators shall take into consideration the amount
of money realized from the sale of lands heretofore
granted by Congress to the State of Wisconsin to aid
m the construction of said water communication,
which amount shall be deducted from the actual
value theroof. as found by said arbitrators.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask my friend from
Wisconsin to let this matter lie over until we
finish the pension bill, that was taken up by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HOWE. Very well; with the under-
standing that it be taken up afterward.
Mr. EDMONDS. I shall not object to its
being taken up afterward.
Mr. HOWE. Does anybody object to con-
curring in the report now ?
Mr, EDMUNDS. The Senator from Michi-
gan did.
Mr. IIOWE. He has abandoned his objec-
tion.
Mr. CHANDLER. Letitlie over informally.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now let us take up the
pension bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theamend-
mentto the House bill will be laid aside inform-
ally until the pension bill is disposed of.
Mr. CHANDLER subsequently withdrew bis
objection; and the House amendment was con-
curred in.
CONSTRUCTION OJ PENSION ACTS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill (H.
R. No. 14G7) to construe certain acts therein
cited in relation to pensions.
The Chief Cleric. This bill passed the Sen-
ate on the 17th of June, and on the same day
a motion was entered by Mr. Thayer to recon-
sider the vote on its passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suppose my friend from
Nebraska wants to give some reason for that
motion. I think the, bill ought not to be recon-
sidered; but he can state his reason.
Mr. THAYEIt. I desire to submitan amend-
ment to it. That is my object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my friend will
state what the point of his amendment is, or
let us hear it read for information ; and then
the Senate can determine, without the formality
of going back, whether it is worth while to go
back for that purpose, and we can decide it
by one vote.
Mr. THAYER. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior made a decision last February reducing
the pensions of certain widows who had been
pensioned by special law from fifty dollars to
thirty dollars a month. That was the occasion of
the introduction and passage through the House
of Representatives of the present bill. His
decision also cut down the pensions of other
widows below what tliey had been before—the
widows of naval officers. The bill restores
the pensions granted by special act to Army
widows to the original amount, but does not
restore the pensions of Navy widows to the
amount they were formerly receiving. My
amendment is to put the widows of Navy offi-
cers upon the same footing with widows of
Army officers, so far as that decision of Secre-
tary Cox is concerned. It i3 to make the pen-
sions uniform, and to restore the practice to
what it was before that decision was made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know but that I
sympathize with the object and motive of my
friend from Nebraska; 1 believe I do; but
the amendment which he has kindly shown me
does not accomplish that object without doing
a great deal of mischief in another direction ;
and therefore I think we ought not to go back,
and the Committee on Pensions considered
this subject and decided that we ought not to
go back beyond the special point which this
bill presents of special cases now.
Congress, in a dozen cases or so, gave to cer-
tain widows fifty dollars instead of thirty dol-
lars a month, which is the highest rate under
the general law. By the act of 1868 it was
declared, as it was supposed inadvertently,
that all special pensions should be rated ac-
cording to the principles of general law; and
under that act the Secretary of the Interior
decided that these ladies, to whom we had
given, in excess of the highest regular rate, a
little sum of money, could not get it. What-
ever may be said about the propriety of making
such exceptions, and a great deal can be said
against it, when we have once made them the
committee thought, and I have no doubt the
Senate thought when they passed the bill, that
it was rather dishonorable, if I can use such a
term without offense to anybody, to go back ;
and therefore, whether it was wise or not to
give them this increased sum, inasmuch as we
had given it to them, we must stand by it.
The bill applies to everybody to whom by
special act of Congress by name a pension has
been given in excess of the rate that the gen-
eral law would prescribe.
There was another class of cases, and that
is the class to which my friend from Nebraska
refers, and as to whom, I confess, 1 feel a great
deal of sympathy ; but the committee, I believe
every one of them except myself, thought it
was plain we could not interfere in such a case
as that, and I acquiesced in it, and I hope my
friend from Nebraska will for the time being.
That case is this: under some peculiar con-
