1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2241
ad abscrdum—shut out the sux as a free-trader.
Such facts illustrate the interdependence of
nations. Between England and Fiance there
was more national and race hostility than ex-
ists between England and the United States,
ihcrc was only a, cn&nnol, not an ocean, to
protect each other, for the ocean gives us its
10 per cent, in transportation as natural pro-
tection. Yet in the face of these facts there
are those who find our prosperity in isolation 1
Their champion in this House is the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kblley.] He always
attracts me by the earnestness of his advocacy
ot this heresy of protection. Other men as
great as he have erred on this topic. Sir
Robert Peel did for many years. Even II.
ihiers, is a little laggard yet in freedom of
trade. The gentleman is the real champion of
protection in America. He feels it. llis fal-
lacies are beliefs. I always listen to him with
reverence, though he will allow me to say his
manner impresses me more than his matter.
But to a thoughtful mind there is much in both.
1 only wish lie would not so appeal to our ima-
gination about his workmen and wages, read less
ponderous extracts from selfish men, and while
pleasing us with the rotundity and music of
his'periods, inspire them with more scientific
analysis. He reminds me of the voice of the
Greek tragedian which sounded through the
mask more awful than it really was, and whose
majestic buskin raised an ordinary figure to
Ihe kingly height of Agamemnon 1 Still 1 will
not be critical on that.
I am not sure if 1 should ask him, "Do
you oppose all foreign competition with what
we can produce in the United States against
cheaper production from abroad?" he would, in
theinterest of his State, promptly reply " Yes 1"
If I again asked him, if the article from abroad
were fabulously low, so as to injure trade and
glut the market, whether he would either re-
strict its entry or prohibit it altogether? he
would answer, "By all means! Restrict! Pro-
hibit !" When he so answers he would illustrate
the parable ofthe French economist. Ho would
close all windows, skylights, outside and inside
shutters,curtains, blinds, bulls'-eyes, openings,
chinks, clefts, and fissures whereby the sun has
entered to the prejudice of the meritorious man-
ufacturer ol candles, wax lights, lamps, candle-
sticks, street lamps, snulfers, extinguishers, and
the producers of matches, oil, tallow, rosin, and
alcohol. [Laughter.] I shall not be surprised
when the votes are taken by clauses to find the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kkixey]
appealing for these manufactures against the
"sunbeam," as a free-trader, destructive of
American industry. He will insist against the
policy of cheap and plentiful light from abroad.
He must caro for the producer of potroleum ; he
must stop this external competition from day-
light! [Laughter.] Hemustreservethenational
market for national industry! Ho would say,
What right has this uppish, solar foreigner
to rival the coal-gas of Pennsylvania? [Laugh-
ter.] Is not the sun alien to Pennsylvania?
Is not his labor, though his beams come from
so far, cheap labor, pauper labor? [Laughter.]
Does he not inundate us half the time; and if
some Joshua of Pennsylvania wore to com-
mand him to stand still over the Alleghanies,
would not the whole business of gas and coal bo
ruined? [Laughter.] Is not the home market
already glutted with his insolent commodity?
When he appears is notthe market for brass can-
dlesticks and gas-burners disturbed? [Laugh-
ter.]_ Is not trade dull? Do not all consumers
obtain, "without money and without price,"
their supply at his golden urn? Is he not a
secret enemy, bought by foreign gold ? [Laugh-
ter.] In fact, does he not, like other laborers,
rather prefer our land to the foggy realm of
England? If his natural light be quenched
will it not give an impulse to artificial light?
How encouraging, then, to domestic manufac-
tures to keep out his cheap yet useful radi-
anool How ramified, too, is the business he
interferes with! He destroys the tallow busi-
41st Cong, 2d &ess.—No. HI.
ness ! [Laughter.] That is a blow at agricul-
ture, at hogs, oxen, and sheep! [Laughter.] It
is a foul blow at meadow, meat, wool, hides,
manure—those foundations of agriculture! He
destroys the oil market! He plugs the gushing
oil wells! lie thus interferes with transporta-
tion, throws out of work, workmen innumer-
able, and reduces wages.
He goes further and does worse, fie invades
Alaska. There are 15,000 people there de-
pending on seals foralivehhood. These Aleuts
might become a burden on a Federal bureau,
unless protected in time. Under the precious
seal skins there is a valuable adipose deposit,
from one to five inches! 11 is indium prohibitum
to destroy these seals; but for purposes of oil
and light and commerce they are killed ; cow
and bull seals alike fall before our enterprise !
Although the sun does not invade those realms
with that ardor which lie illustrates m Penn-
sylvania, yet he mustalfeet the business to some
extent. But the gentleman from Pennsylvania
says, " Keep away this foreign element of com-
petition !'' The sealmen of Pribolov must ap-
plaud the efforts of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and drink long life to him in that
fluid for which thoy ever hanker. Kven the
4,000,000 seals practicing the Mormon doc-
trine will forget the gentleman's vote on Utah,
and extend him their thanks with their flippers !
[Laughter.]
Besides, if this protection idea fails, what
becomes of the whaling adventurers ot' New
Bedford and Nantucket ? Where is the Nan-
tucket member ? [Laughter. J Thu very whales
themselves will blubber no more over their
lost lights. [Laughter.] The heroes of the
harpoon will become lost in the twilight of
romance unless the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania draws the curtain of protection over the
impudent heavenly competitor!
Again, what would become of the gildings,
bronzes, crystals, lamps in tho spacious saloons
of the rich? Why not closo the lighted Dome of
this Capitol? Why allow these stately escutch-
eons above us to be illuminated with "sunlight ?
As they are framed in Pennsylvania iron and
pictured on Pittsburg glass, let them bo lit ,
eternally with gas from Pennsylvania coal! '
Down deep in the galleries of tho Schuylkill 1
mines there is but partial employment because
of this: solar radiance! Why not build an opaque
roof ribbed with steel over the land, regardless
of expense, [laughter,J that every coal-bank
and mino may furnish material for an Amer-
ican-made gas-retort?
And then there is tho manufacturer of
matches! Is that business to be forever dis-
couraged by the sun! Shall the lighting of
cigars alone furnish a daily livelihood for tho
maker ot locofocos? Forbid it, almighty Con-
gress! Let employment be increased! Let
labor thrive! Down with tho Sun ! Up with
Night! "I reject," says the Pennsylvania
member, "the gratuities of nature ; 1 reject
natural wealth itself when its produetiou is
cheap. I repel all foreign product) even raw
materials like pig iron and coal, because they
approximate to gratuitous gifts! 1 exclude,
on the same logic, everything foreign which
is cheapest, that, we may enjoy the luxury of
making our own commodities with increased
cost of production and increased fervor of pa-
triotism!" So say all tho delegation from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I beg the gentleman
from New York will not be so general. I am
not to be included.
Mr. COX. I am happy to except the hon-
orable gentleman, and I hope many of his
Democratic colleagues; but the other gentle-
men from Pennsylvania must be consistent,
especially the gentleman from Philadelphia,
[Mr. IiEMjsr.] He must make Government
continue to pension his people. The rich
men of Pennsylvania are now splendid pau-
pers of the Government. He forgets who pays
their score. He forgets that all that Govern-
ment owes his people is security ; and that it
owes to the people of the East, Y/est, South,
and North the same ; that when it takes from
one to help another it is fraud > that in this
case it is fraud almost amounting to common-
law force; that Government should hold a bal-
ance among all interests and sections equi-
poise ; that if it left business and work to the
laws of trade, to demand and supply, no encour-
agement is required and no restraint is needed.
Is not public injustice, as Dr. Wayland says on
this point, "the prolific parent of private vio-
lence?" Does not oppressive taxation, themost
odious form of tyranny, in the end, exile capital,
kill production, and render a people desperate?
Does not the gentleman know that when he
asks protection he asks for something, and
I when he asks for that, he asks it for Pennsyl-
vania ? He asks it to be given from whom ? Is
not eur people made up of individuals ? Does
it not come from one to go to another? And if
he takes it thus, and not for revenue, which is
another matter, he simply robs, if he does it
knowingly. Have not his friends here robbed
the people of other States out of every dollar
over and above what has been used for revenue ?
Has ho not robbed it from the farmer who buys
his plow, the blacksmith who buys his ham-
mer, and the carpenter who buys his chisel?
Has he not robbed it of the ship-builder who
must have copper, iron, lumber, salt, canvas,
and hemp for his ship ?
man tariffs destroy commerce.
Now that Commerce is thus robbed, it is pro-
posed to Maine and New York that their ship-
artisans shall fall before Mr. Pig Iron, and
with hand on mouth, and mouth in dust, pray
to this economic Fra Diavolo: "Oh! Mr.
Robber, keep all you have stolen. You have
despoiled me. I have no more. Let me go
to my work without further spoiling, where I
may gain something!" And the lordly Pig
iron listens, as the piteous tears course down his
Plutonian iron countenance, and lifting up our
distressed Commerce, graciously says, "True,
I have robbed. I did it for your good. You
were growing too fast. The world was too wide
a sphere, and your enterprise was commensu-
rate. ' Artificial causes' compelled me to grip
you! Bo what you were. Start a pauper and
a weakling, and I will tax my neighbors to
repay you all I may hereafter take! You shall
have for your help drawbacks or subsidies. Do
not presume any more on unrestraint. Allow
my outlawry to go on. Persuade Agriculture
to be fleeced also, and all will be serene! "
Of course Commerce is grateful. She says
cheerfully, " Oh! do unto me thus, and more
also. It is so sweet to be robbed and to receive
back our own as charity."
This is the present situation, illustrated by
the 1 resident's message on shipping and sub-
sidies, and the legislation of Congress. I re-
frain from its further discussion at this time.
It will como up in a better shape for ample
discussion.
more sunbeams.
I am not yet done with my argument from
sunlight.
AV ill the protectionist orator and leader [Mr.
Ivellet] tel l me that there is no analogy between
tho table of the solar foreigner—whom, to be
consistent, he ought to keep from shining into
our homes and the doctrines he enunciates
on his conscience? I ask him to show the
essential difference. If any, it is against the
fnfl'T rt ^ntk®an5 for in relation to
tinn tn ^here.ls<.muo11, ^bor and transporta-
on to b done before the competition begins
W CfW^ M ^ sunbeams, they come
Mr. JOHNSON. Has the gentleman anv-
thmg tosayabouta tax on " sunbeams," which
book? introduced as .the title of his
toalitKt L?UPP°35th6 genfleman refers
to a little bit of manufacture which I made
abroad and introduced into this country in the
form of a book. All I wish to say on that is, that
