1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1297
tnn much reason to believe that his mind is break-
ing down. For a long time he has boon taking medi-
cine for the pains in his breast and tho intestinal
worms which the horrid quality of tho food gavorise
ro Ue has been affected with terrible pains in the
'nine and back ot'tue head al ter most of the medi-
nr-xl doses, but it was not until the 23d of November
Lit th'tt he discovered lie had mercury in hi3 sys-
tem On that day Dr. btcele visited him-while at
Jrori; and sJ'11 he would send him something for
the pain iu llis lelt 1)1,6:181 • ^e t00'i a large dose after
SUupor, and from the symptoms Richard Burke con-
cluded that it was a compound containing a salt of
mercury, immediately after caking tho dose ha felt
ttie most acute pains in the stomach, in theheart, and
the larger blood vessels, lie was then attacked with
convulsions ami occasional vomiting. As usual he
went to work on the iollowing morning, and in the
aUcnioon received anotlierdose from Dr. Steele. He
iv.is then affected with all the symptoms of mercury,
u'oleut pains in the stomach, hot, tearing pains in the
heart and larger blood vessels ; great mental irrita-
tion, aiul vomiting. He described this to the doctor,
ami asked for albumen as an antidote, but Mr. Steele
ridiculed theidea, andsaid it was imagination. Since
that time he has reiused to take any medicine, but
has got ono or two doses of dangerous matter in his
Mod. After eating bread a lew clays since all the old
pains revived. He feels a numbness in his arms,
which he beiieves to be mercurial palsy, but his
resolution has never failed him. His teeth are all
loose, and the palate of his mouth is in such a state
that lie has to try three or four times to pass the
food."
He was utterly prostrated and his life was
despaired of by the middle of December. He
received the last rites of his church from the
Catholic chaplain, and contrary to prison rules
in such cases, was, without notifying either of
the chaplains, suddenly taken from Chatham
prison and sent to Woking, where, it is under-
stood, he is in the mad-house, if not dead by
this time. In further quotation the Dublin
paper says:
" Captain MeCiure's father wrote tohim lately, but
the letter was suppressed and his son deprived of it.
The meat they are supplied with is the most fearful
carrion that the rinderpest sheds can produce, and
everything else is in proportion. Tho stuff given for
cocoa was and issuchan adulteration that theycould
nottouch itall the summer, during which time they
lived on bread and water. They give them hot water
now instead of cold, and audaciously term it * tea.'
The quantity of the food which they do receive would
not support a child, and when quality and quantity
are taken into account no wonder they are dying or
drifting into lunacy. Ialso state, most emphatically,
that the tin pots iu which the food is served up are
never cleaned, and are used daily by the other
K'Soners to urinate in. They frequently get snails
and snail-boxes in their food, which only the danger
ofactual starvation makes them eat. It isno unusual
thing for the ordinary convicts to eat the soap, can-
dles, and gutta-percha drinking-cups. On Saturday
evenings two olhcers stand over each man while he
is oiling his boots, to prevent drinking the oil,
althougn it is mixed up with petroleum and other
nasty stuif. To escape from this starvation and
cruelty the convicts commit suicide in various ways,
by eating glass, swallowing stones, and throwing
themselves under a steam locomotive on the works."
The House will not wonder when they pe-
ruse these recitals why I introduced the ori-
ginal resolution. No eloquence of man, no
phrases of pathos, no sentences of indignation
mil like these plain facts for the arousal of a
just sentiment and judgment as to the treat-
ment of these prisoners. Therefore, for no
party or personal end have I in the remarks
heretofore submitted restricted this debate
within the bounds of moderation; therefore
have I quoted English precedent in the case of
the Neapolitan prisoners. My tongue should
he mute if by a silent prayer to the God of
mercy I could reach our Government or that
of England to save from their horrible doom
these brave unfortunates, whose only crime,
when alleged by their enemies, is in loving
their Green Isle not wisely but too well. To
soften one pang of theirs, to soothe one grief,
to save them from one indignity, to relax one
ngor, I know of no humiliation not dishonor-
Ale to manhood which I would not undergo.
I have already, while in England last year,
plead with our then minister, Mr. Reverdy
Johnson, for his aid to obtain for them relief
and release. His exertions were then partially
crowned with success. May the feeling aroused
by this discussion accomplish and consummate
the work.
Ihere are members in this House who will
remember that I had the honor to offer the
joint resolution iu July, 1801, which passed
41st Cong. 2d Sess,—No. 82.
both Houses, for an exchange of prisoners.
To no act of mine in public life do I look
back with more pride and pleasure. I know
how happy were its effects. I know, too, that
but for the partial execution of the cartel how
much greater would have been the relief which
such humane conduct brings. No nation ever
lost by the spirit of kindness and clemency.
It is the sweet, spirit of the Christian faith. 11
is taught by Him who spake as never man
spake. To visit the sick and the prisoner is
in his teaching one of the modes by which we
are to reach the beatitudes whice He promises.
This resolution will, if passed, carry some
comfort to the almost forsaken. On the ear
of him confined in these distant prisons and
who thought to die unmourned,
"'Twill fall like choicest music."
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, I had indulged
the hope that the report which I was instructed
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs to make
to this House, in reference to the confinement
of American citizens of Irish descent in the
jails and prisons of Great Britain, would have
been permitted to pass without debate, and I
am sure that but for the course which the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Willard] has
thought it his duty to pursue no serious oppo-
sition could have grown out of the action of
the committee. In replying to his argument
I must disclaim, in the outset, any purpose to
do injustice to my colleague, for whom 1 enter-*
tain a very high respect, or to speak with any
more freedom than has been forced upon me
by the attitude in which I have been placed.
The issue raised in this debate is one which
affects a very large class of our citizens, and
involves principles of the deepest concern to
the whole American people. The rights of
citizenship stand at the very foundation of our
: free system of Government, and the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs would have been want-
ing in a proper appreciation of their duty had
. they given any different direction to the reso-
lution of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] which was submitted for their examina-
tion and report.
The gentleman from Vermont has thought
proper, I regret to say, to give a political turn
to this discussion. Whether he expected by
this to benefit himself by showing his great
adroitness in this sort of tactics, which I must
say in all frankness has not impressed me favor-
ably, or whether he hoped to relieve his party
from the attitude in which he has placed them
I before the country, very unjustly I know, as
! opposed to Ireland and the protection of Amer-
j ican citizens of Irish descent, I am unable to
| conjecture, nor is it of much consequence to
this House to inquire. In my relations with
i the Committee on Foreign Affairs it has been
■ my good fortune to be thrown in contact not
j only with men of ability and national reputa-
| tion, but with high-toned gentlemen ; and I am
■ sure that both the gentleman from Vermont
j himself, as well as the members of the com-
| mittee, will do me the justice to say that in all
the discussions which have taken place in that
committee I have looked with a single eye to
the honor of the country as well as its material
interests, without political or party bias; and
this is the first time that the motives of any mem-
ber of the committee have ever been assailed
on account of present or past political affilia-
tions. It was the pleasure of the gentleman
from Vermont to make this gratuitous and
uncalled-for attack upon a member of the com-
mittee, and if he has gained laurels with those
who may sympathize in this sort of irregular
warfare I am sure it is no interest of mine to
undertake to interfere with whatever of credit
he may hope to appropriate to himself.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, I only de-
sire to say, and I think the record will bear
me out in the statement, that 1 have imputed
no improper motive to him, and no improper
motives of any sort to any of my associates
upon this committee in the support of this res-
i olution. The allusion I made to the gentle-
I
| man from Maryland, my colleague on the com-
mittee, was made in no unkind feeling on my
part, and only in what I considered a pleasant
and jocular way. Certainly no gentleman in
this House could have a greater bolicitude than
myself not to injure in any way the feelings of
my friend from Maryland ; and I now suy, and
1 say it with entire cheerfulness, that if i had
supposed the allusion I made to the gentle-
man's former political associations, or to what
I was told was his former political associations,
would have excited in him the smallest degree
of the feeling which he seems here to manifest,
my regard for him personally certainly would
have prevented me from making it. And 1
only did it, as I have said already, in a pleasant
and jocular way.
Mr. SWANN. In the speech to which I
refer the gentleman says :
"Well, sir, I say now and here that this resolution,
in my judgment, never would have appeared on this
floor and the Committee on Foreign Affairs would
never have been invited to bring before this House
this report had it not been that the constituents of
many gentlemen of this House are Irish-American
citizens who sympathize with this eflort to divide
tho empire of Great Britain and to establish a sepa-
rate Government for Ireland. It is, sir, nothing less
than sympathy with an insurrection across the water:
sympathy with an assault upon tho integrity of the
kingdom of Great Britain; and for an expression of
any such sympathy 1 have not only no kindly reel-
ing, but I mean to enter my protest against it. And
I think it is very clear indeed, sir, for those who
have read the debate on this report to see that Fe-
nianism, if not openly expressed, is implied in the
resolution of tho gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] and in the report of the committee. The gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Swaxx,] who is my col-
league on this committee, will perhaps pardon me
for calling his attention to the fact that he has not
, grown so old as yet in his association with the Dem-
, ocratic party that he has utterly forgotten some of
his past record; and I imagine some fourteen or
fifteen years ago if many of his constituents and
staunch supporters in Maryland had heard him ex-
press this warm sympathy with our Irish adopted
citizens his voice would have had a very strango
sound to their ears. He was then, if I am correctly
informed, tho champion of tho American organiza-
tion in Baltimore, which was founded on the princi-
ple that 'America belongs to the Americans,' and that
our Irish-American citizens havo few rights which
white native-born American citizens are bound to
respect."
In this extract from the speech of the hon-
■ orable gentleman from Vermont it is broadly
' asserted that Fenianism, if not expressed, is
implied in the report which I had the honor to
present to this House. At thesametime lam
gently reminded of having left the party with
which I coiiperated in the early stages and
almost-till the close of the war, and of con-
currence in the principle many years ago,
''that our Irish-American citizens have few
rights which white native-born American citi-
zens are bound to respect"
The gentleman seems to have taken up a
strange impression in regard to the intent and
language of the report, for in another part of
his speech he says :
"Sir.it is because, incorporated in the body of
this report like the stump-speech in the belly of a
: bill famous in our congressional history, there is
i practically this declaration of a fellow-feeling with
this Fenian organization, this declaration of regard
i for our'Irish adopted fellow-citizens' who are in
British prisons simply because tliey have violated
i tho laws of Great Britain, that I havo sought this
opportunity to declare my dissent lrom this expres-
sion of'cordial sympathy."'
Now, if I am not mistaken—and I listened
to the gentleman very attentively—the lan-
guage I have quoted, as published in the Globe,
is even less strong and significant than that
used by him in debate. He spoke of there being
" something concealed under the meal in the
tub," or, in another place, as lie more grace-
fully expressed it, of there being "an Irish-
man in the fence corner."
Mr. Speaker, if you will take the report and
examine it carefully there will be found not
one word or expression which could justify the
construction which the gentleman basput upon
it. On the contrary, it is so carefully guarded
that no discriminating mind could see in it
anything more than sympathy with the cause
of American citizens confined in the jails of
Great Britain for political offenses, where tliey
