1298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
were suffering oppression and wrong. In allud-
ing to ibe resolution offered in the House by
the honorable gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cox,] the committee even withheld any
expression of opinion as to the grievances
therein referred to. They did not assume to
speak of facts, but contented themselves with
a simple resolution of inquiry, addressed to the
President of the United States, for information
upon the general subject, if not incompatible
with the public interest.
What could have inflamed the imagination
of the honorable gentleman with the idea of
there being something horrible in the "belly"
of the report—no doubt a full grown Fenian—
or that"there was an Irishman in the fence
corner," I have no means of knowing. But
I will tell the gentleman that he does great
injustice to the Irish character if he supposes
them capable of complicity in any such attempt
at deception. They have not shown the cow-
ardly spirit which he seems to attribute to
them. They are not apt to conceal themselves
anywhere when engaged in a just cause. I
regret that the gentleman has gone out of his
way to ridicule and throw discredit upon the
Irish people. While he is representing them
as taking refuge under " meal-tubs'' and in
"fence corners," the gentleman will not forget
to what extent, during the war of the rebel-
lion, they added increased luster to their ante-
cedent history, and how whole regiments, with
a courage never surpassed, plunged headlong
into that bloody conflict in defense of the
Union, and not a corporal's guard sometimes
returned to tell the tale of their self-sacrificing
chivalry and more than Roman valor. The
gentleman must be a little more cautious in the
use of his language if he means to do justice,
which I am sure he does.
But my honorable colleague, not satisfied
with his ridicule of the Irish, and his opposition
to the report of the committee, has thought fit
to indulge in a little pleasant sareasm upon my
connection with the Democratic faith. Mr.
Speaker, I do not know who has stood behind
the honorable gentleman from Vermont, or
with what purpose, in prompting him as to the
features of my humble record, nor do I exactly
know what bearing it has upon the subject
before the House ; but the fact is true that I
was not an original Democrat. I belonged to
the Clay and Webster school of constitutional
statesmen, who, I am proud to say, are nearly
alt now in the Democratic ranks. I have not
done the service that I hope to do in that con-
servative party; but if the gentleman desires ■
to know why I am cooperating so cordially
with that party now, why I could not affiliate
with the party of which he is so distinguished '
a member, I will point him to the sad and dis-
organized condition of the country at the pres-
ent moment; the prostration of all your great j
commercial, manufacturing, and agricultural ;
interests; the derangement of your finances, i
growing out of your refusal to reconstruct j
these States upon some just basis, thus throw- 1
ing upon the loyal States the whole burden of I
taxation, which the South would willingly |
share with you if permitted to do so ; the total ]
disregard of the mechanical and working
classes in your legislation upon this floor,
forced for years past by the bungliog policy i
of the Treasury to receive, the wages of their
labor in a currency always depreciated, and at ,
this time more than twenty per cent, below
the standard of gold ; the attempt that is now
going on to subvert the form of your govern-
ment ; and the absorption of all power in the ;
hands of a congressional oligarchy, denying I
the existence of any rights in the States which !
Congress is bound to respect. These are some ;
of the reasons why I arb to-day in the Demo-
cratic ranks.
I came to this Hoase to cultivate kindly feel- I j
ings toward every member upon this floor, and |
to advocate a policy of moderation and broth- j
erhood toward those who have been the suf- jj
ferers by the war, and who were willing and ii
anxious to forget the past and stand once more
united under tne common flag so dear to us all.
I was no enemy of General Grant, and was will-
ing to unite in all constitutional measures for
the good of the whole people. But it was no
1 fault of mine that these just expectations were
| not realized; and I will say in my place here,
as the result of my calm and deliberate judg-
I ment upon the dangers of the situation, that
II if this country is to be saved from the ruin
i! which now impends over it, if the Constitution
: is to be restored and the States brought back
; with their rights unimpaired, it can only be
done, as things stand to-day, through the in-
strumentality of the Democratic party. Hon-
estly believing this, Mr. Speaker, I may well
|i afford to listen without complaint to the slurs
of the honorable gentleman from Vermont.
But my colleague says that I held the doctrine,
some fourteen or fifteenyears ago, thatour Irish-
American citizens have few rights which white
native-born Americans are bound to respect.
Now, sir, it so happens that a", that time I
was a follower, though never a Republican
myself, under the lead of Hon. Henry Win-
ter Davis, more recently one of the leaders of
the Republican party, and who received from
the gentleman's friends upon this floor the
highest honors that were ever bestowed by the
House upon any public man, save only Mr.
Stevens, of Pennsylvania. I had just then
entered public life.. I am no more to be
condemned for holding the opinions which I
did at that day than the great Republican
leader to whom I have referred, and who was
, suffered to pass without reproach by my col-
league and his Republican friends in Congress.
But if the gentleman means to say that 1 ever
held the doctrine attributed to me, "that our
Irish-American citizens have few rights which
i white native-born citizens are bound to re-
spect," he is greatly mistaken. I held no such
: doctrine. What better proof could I give to
; this House of the truth of my position than
! the fact that in the congressional contest which
' gave me my seat here I received the unani-
mous nomination of the convention, and the
vote of nearly every Irishman in the third con-
gressional district?
This is a sufficient answer, I hope, to the gen-
! tleman from Vermont, who, I am sure, did not
: mean to do me injustice. No people are more
i sensitive than the Irish, and if my record at
; that early day had been as obnoxious as the
gentleman was induced to infer, I should hardly
have retained their confidence and support.
But suppose I had erred—and I do not mean
to say that I did not err in many of the phases
of a long and not uneventful public career, with
which my humble name has beeu connected—
does my colleague suppose thst from any pride
of consistency or infallibility in the past 1 could
be found in ray place here obstiuately persist-
ing in error? We live in an age of progress,
and any man is wanting to himself who does
not open his eyes to the great events that are
daily transpiring, not only on this continent,
but throughout the world.
The only consistency which I covet, Mr.
Speaker, and which I shall never cease to de-
fend when assailed, is honesty of intention and
purpose in all that I have done, from the vari-
ous standpoints in which I have been placed in
devotion to the glorious Union of these States,
the maintenance inviolate of constitutional
guarantees, and the steady advancement of
the honor and glory of our common country. ,
This is my duty and your duty, and the duty i
of every gentleman upon this floor, of what-
ever political party or affiliation. And I will
say further, that whatever the shortcomings j
of my past record, I stand here to-dav, in my
advocacy of the report of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs and the claims of American
citizenship, to show to the civilized world that i
American citizenship is no longer a matter of
form, but of substance and official obligation;
and that we invite to its em brace the oppressed
and downtrodden of every land, with the pkdge
and assurance of protection to all alike. This
great continent has not been left to us without
an object, and in appropriating its vast area
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and from the
ice-bound shores of our northern frontier to the
more genial latitude of the extreme South, and
1 in covering its almost illimitable space wiih an
j active and thriving population, we perforin not
j less a duty to humanity than we contribute to
, build up the power and material interests of
the whole American people.
The honorable gentleman can see no differ-
! ence between friendly remonstrance and the
] exercise on the part of this Government of the
benevolent offices of Christian charity toward
a suffering people, and an offensiveand hostile
intervention, looking to force if necessary to ac-
complish our ends. \V hat has been the past his-
tory of this Government in the expression of its
! sympathy with the people of other lands? I
j do not know that we have been governed by
I the timid and halting policy which the gentle-
J man would have us pursue, even when we were
j little more than a third-rate Power. That is
! not our situation now. If the theory of my
j colleague is carried out, we had better conform
our institutions at once to the European stand-
ard, in order that it may notgive offense to the
monarchies of the Old World, which are fast
' disintegrating and falling to pieces under the
i damaging effect which its example is producing.
Are we to sit here, representing the people of
this great and free nation, too timid to raise
the voice of sympathy, because perchance it
may offend thesensibilities ofsome subordinate
of Queen Victoria or even of Victoria herself,
or Borne other representative of arbitrary rule
on the other side of the water?
Surely this is not the temper of the Ameri-
' can people. When Greece was struggling for
independence, no such degrading restraint upon
our action was recognized by the statesmen of
: that day. The Sixteenth Congress expressed
their sympathy with the Spanish provinces of
South America who were struggling for their
independence against the despotic power of
the mother country, and Mr. Clay declared
boldly that he would cease to represent his
constituents if they disapproved his action as
a sympathizer with those people. When Kos-
suth came to this country he was received by
the two Houses of Congress, and entertained by
the President of the United States and nearly
j all the Legislatures of the country, in the in-
terest of free institutions. This was not treated
as a cause of offense. There are other ex-
amples in the progress of this Government
which sustain the action of the committee in
the report which they have submitted. The
honorable gentleman from Vermont raises
the voice of warning; and this House is to be
gagged and the American people degraded and
brought down to the standard of a third-rate
Power, afraid to provoke imaginary conse-
quences which we confess ourselves too weak
to encounter.
Mr. Speaker, I repudiate and turn away from
all such teachings. It is not the spirit of the
Monroe doctrine or any other doctrine upon
which we have heretofore acted, and if it were,
I am free to say for myself I would not be bound
by it. Let us hasten on the spread of free gov-
ernment by every fair and hon.orable instru-
mentality. If monarchies wither and decay
under its influence let them go down, and God
be praised for it. But let us not underestimate
our duty or our strength. I have been taken
to task more than once for my extreme con-
servatism, but upon this subject I find myself
an ultra radical as compared with the gentle-
man from Vermont. I wage no war upon for-
eign Governments, but I claim the right of the
largest latitude in the expression of the sym-
pathies of this House. If England takes offense,
let her do it. If she wants to make war for
any such provocation we are ready to meet th«
responsibility whenever it suits her conven-
ience. That is the doctrine with those who
would undertake to cramp the free will of o  
