3186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
a constituency whoare answerable for the kind
of men they send here, and are able to judge
of his qualifications ■without our providing for
boards of examiners. I think he will admit
that they give him a pretty severe questioning
every two years.
Mr. BENTON. My objection to this bill is
that it takes power from the hands of the
people to place it in the hands of a board or
commission. And I hold that the more you
remove power from the handB of the people the
less democratid your Government becomes.
Mr. JENCKES. I thank the gentleman for
his interruption ; for if ever there was a more
democratic measure presented to any Con-
gress or any Legislature in the world than this
is I would like to have it described. Why,
the door is open to all; exclusion is for inca-
pacity and inefficiency alone. Instead of taking
away power from the people, it gives it directly
to the people, who will stand by and see that
in these appointments justice is done to all.
Now, when a person gets an appointment,
who know the machinery by which it has been
gained? What do the people know about it?
They see the man in office, but they know
nothing whatever of the means by which he
got there.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Rhode
Island yield to me for a moment?
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly.
Mr. COX. We are all interested in this dis-
cussion, and desire to have a thorough under-
standing of the matter. I have not yet heard
any explanation from the gentleman as to the
constitutional point which enters intothisques-
tion. It seems to me that a doubt arises under
the second section of the second article of the
Constitution. I need not read the clause, but
I should like to hear what the gentleman from
Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes] has to say in
regard to it, as there are many who doubt not
merely the propriety but the constitutionality
of passing a bill which places the appointments
under the control of a commission, believing
that the Constitution comprehends all appoint-
ments under our Government, and places them
in the hands of the President, with the confirm-
ation of the Senate, and the minor offices with
the courts of law, the President alone, and
heads of Departments.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman will see
that this does not conflict with the Constitu-
tion. The appointments to these minor offices
are made by heads of Departments. All that
this bill says is that the heads of Departments
shall not appoint a person who has been ascer-
tained to be incapable, or who is known to be
vicious. The same rule is now applied to the
Army and Navy, where every one is examined
before he can get a commission. The Presi-
dent has no right to take a cadet from West
Point and make him a major general. Ap-
pointments must be made according to law.
And in this case the commissioners must ex-
ercise their powers according to law. If any
appointing power were given to this commis-
sion the gentleman's point would be a good
one. But the bill carefully gnards against
their exercising any appointing power. These
regulations are to be applied to the Depart-
ments, and appointments will be made as here-
tofore, but only from the class of persons
found to be competent. Nor do I suppose,
Mr. Speaker, that all of those classes of per-
sons who may be examined will receive Com-
missions. I do not suppose that one in ten
will. But men will go before the commission
for the purpose of getting certificates of char-
acter and ability. It will raise the standard of
education throughout the country. Here will
be something to which everybody will strive
to attain. It will be open to the children of
the poor equally as to the children of the rich;
to a person with a common-school education
as well as to one who has passed through a
university. Every one will have the same
chance of entering the public service and of
promotion as the nephew of a Senator.
Mr. COX. If I understand the gentleman
right, notwithstanding this commission, not-
withstanding this competitive examination,
notwithstanding this very bill, the heads of
Departments can appoint as they choose.
Mr. JENCKES. Not at all. They can
appoint from this class, just as the Secretary
of the Navy appoints midshipmen from the
Academy at Annapolis from the class of those
who stand an examination. It is precisely a
parallel case.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment? I would like to offer an
amendment.
Mr. JENCKES. I wish to explain a little
further, and then I will yield.
Mr. EL A. I dislike to interrupt the gentle-
man, but I desire to ask him a question.
Mr. JENCKES. It is no interruption.
Mr. ELA. I would ask the gentleman if all
this class of officers, the assistant collectors
and assessors and the inspectors in the custom-
houses, do not hold their appointments from
the Secretary of the Treasury, and if they are
not to that extent independent of the officers
he speaks of?
Mr. JENCKES. Some of them, as the
gentleman well knows, are appointed on the
nomination of the assessors and collectors.
Mr. ELA. But having been appointed upon
the recommendation of the assessors and col-
lectors, are they not entirely within the con-
trol of the Secretary of the Treasury and
protected in all their efforts to ferret out frauds
and save the Government?
Mr. JENCKES. It is not so as a matter of
fact, because if the chief officer, the collector or
assessor, or collector of customs, recommends
a subordinate for dismissal he is removed ; he
has no right to stand against his chief; and
therein is the cause of all this iniquity. When
there is a chief iu the custom-house who wishes
to lay his hand on the public money, and he
has a clerk under him who will detect him and
report him, that clerk is quietly removed upon
the recommendation of the chief. What this
bill intends is to save the honest deputy and
expose and remove the dishonest collector.
Mr. ELA. I think the great trouble with
this bill would be that it would fill the Depart-
ments with educated incompetency, while force
and capacity for the real duties of office would
be ignored.
Mr. JENCKES. We should obtain intelli-
gence and exclude ignorance. Is it not better
to do that? The incompetency that the gen-
tleman speaks of cannot exist, for the reason
that no man can perform the duties of an office
for a year without exposing his incompetency.
How can he serve out his period of probation
without disclosing his fitness or unfitness ?
Mr. ELA. How do incompetent men remain
in the Army and Navy?
Mr. JENCKES. A man totally incompetent
cannot. Charges would be preferred against
him, and he would be tried and removed.
One of the vices of the present system is
that we appoint a man first and educate him
afterward, and without knowing whether he
can ever be educated at all. We appoint him
without any inquiry. An inspector in New
York is assigned to the duty of discharging
a ship who has never seen a ship in his life. I
examined one myself who told me he had
never been on shipboard until he was brought
down from the interior to be an inspector on
the wharves of New York. The bill meets these
objections by another proposition, which gen-
tlemen have not read the bill sufficiently care-
fully to see. It provides for excluding incom-
petent persons in the first instance, and then
they maybe excluded by abolishing the offices
which they hold, or the President may revoke
any commission, and oblige the officer to seek
redress by demanding an investigation. And in
the third place, every one of these officers may
be complained of for inefficiency and be tried
and removed, and no really incompetent person
against whom such a complaint is made will
go to a trial; his resignation will be offered us
soon as the charge is made. With a view to
farther security, the committee have proposed
an additional section which requires an inspec-
tion and reexamination of all these officers
once in four years, when the inefficient can be
weeded out and the good officers retained.
Gentlemen know very well that some of the
officers in the large custom-houses are never
turned out. There is an officer in the New
York custom-house who has been there for
thirty years. There is a deputy surveyor who
has been there for seventeen years. These are
the men who do the business of the Govern-
ment at that port; and it is for the purpose
of getting that same class of men in greater
numbers into the service, and of keeping them
there, that this proposition is made to Congress
for its action.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman allow me a moment?
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. If I rightly
apprehend the statement of the gentleman—a
portion of his exposition of this bill I have not
been able to hear—I understand this bill to
provide for an examining commission, or a
bureau of examination, who are to examine
all the persons applying for office, to see if
they are competent to discharge the duties of
the offices for which they apply, and also to
discover and report those persons in office now
who are not competent to discharge those
duties.
Mr. JENCKES. That is the general scope
of the bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to move an addi-
tional section to this bill.
Mr. JENCKES. I will hear it read.
The proposed section was read, as follows:
Sec. 11. Andbe it further enacted. That hereafter it
shall bo unlawful tor any member of either House
of Congress or Delegate from a Territory, verbally or
in writing, to solicit, recommend, or advise the Pres-
ident of the United States, or any head of a Depart-
ment, or of any bureau thereof, to appoint any per-
son to office or employment; and it snail be unlawful
for the President or any head of a Department or
bureau to make any appointment so solicited, rec-
ommended, or advised on the privity of the appli-
cant; and any person who shall violate this act shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on convic-
tion thereof shall be fined notexceeding $1,000: Pro-
vided, That this act shall not apply to the action of
Senators upon nominations submitted by the Presi-
dent to the Senate.
Mr. PETERS. I would suggest to the
gentleman to make the punishment hanging.
Mr. SARGENT. I should like to explain
my amendment briefly. As it is entirely con-
sistent with the bill, does not injure it in any
feature whatever, but effects a great reform, I
trust the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
Jenckes] who has charge of the bill will
allow it to be considered as pending. I appeal
to members of the House if it is not one of
the greatest curses of the position of a member
of Congress that there arc continual demands
made on his time and patience by persons
whom it is utterly impossible for him to sat-
isfy, who demand that he shall Secure office
for them. The enemies we make are disap-
pointed office-seekersalmostexclusively. Half
a dozen men apply for the same place, and but
one can get it. If a member conscientiously
selects one in his judgment the best fitted all
the rest become his bitter enemies, and he
makes a lukewarm friend of the one that he
serves. Though a member may come here and
work diligently and faithfully during his whole
term in Congress, though he make himself
illustrious by originating and securing the
passage of measures beneficial to his people
and to the whole country, still the crowd of
disappointed office-seekers in his district cast
their grievances in the scale against his useful-
ness, and by their clamors and slanders injure
his reputation more than all his enlightened
labors can redeem. Why should we not free
ourselves from this bondage? Why not do as
we once did in the matter of contracts, put it
out of the power of Congressmen to recora-
