284
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 14,
Ho. of Reps.
International Coinage—Mr. Hooper.
41st Cong.,..2d Sess.
1,1870, and will be compulsorily from January
1, 1872, in the North German confederation ;
and permissively from March 1-13, 1871, and
compulsorily from March 1-13,1874, in Turkey.
It has also been adopted with slight modifica-
tions by Switzerland, the grand duchy of Baden,
Hesse, and Romania, and partially in Austria,
Bavaria, Wurtemberg, Denmark, Norway. In
Great Britain and Ireland it was adopted in
1864 so far as to render contracts measured by
it permissible.
The metric system will be universally adopted.
This is assured by its decimal character and its
relation to nature. If every existing standard
of metric measurement and weight were lost,
if i t were possible to sweep them from existence,
we could restore them with precision. They are
deduced from that which is immutable, and so
long as the frame of nature shall endure and
be subject to fixed laws they cannot vary or
be destroyed.
It is important to remember that the system
thus almost universally accepted, and which is
growing in favor so rapidly, was introduced but
seventy-five years ago, having been established
in France by the law of April 7, 1795. It is but
about seventy-five years since Prance adopted
it. How marvelous has been its march! It has
made the conquest of nation afternation, silenc-
ing cavil and overcoming prejudice) passion,
interest, and popular usage by the force of its
simple relations to nature. And, sir, men of
prescience the world over find in these facts
abounding assurance that a system of gold
coinage based on simple relations with this
natural system will as assuredly find ultimate
acceptance by the commercial nations of the
world.
Should the bill under consideration become
a law its provisions would not require the re-
coinage of the existing coins of this country.
They were when issued three tenths of one per
cent, above its requirements. Use has brought
most of them to the exact weight it proposes
for future coinage. A three-dollar piece of the
year 1857, weighed at the United States Mint,
at Philadelphia, and again by Dr. Craig, by the
nicely adjusted scales of the chemical depart-
ment of the Surgeon General's Offi.ce, was found
by the Mint to weigh 5.0007 grams, and by Dr.
Craig to weigh 5.0016, the difference being
parts of a gram, or less in value than the fiftieth
part of a cent in three dollars. My bill would
require it to weigh precisely 5 grams. Our
existing coins are thus shown to conform to the
proposed law, and the modification of weight
suggested is scarcely appreciable, being but
three tenths of one per cent., which is within
the law of mint tolerancc on single pieces.
But if we adopt the recommendation of
Commissioner Ruggles, we must not only re-
coin all our gold, but reduce it 8.52 per cent.
Will this be to make it metric? No, it is that
now. It would be to change from the simple
and absolute tothemeritricious and uncertain.
It would be to turn a deaf ear to the voice of
science and listen to the plea of French con-
venience or caprice. Should we perpetrate
this folly the present century will not expire
before we shall be compelled to restore our
coins to their present weight and bring them
into simple relations with the unit of weight
which in less than three quarters of a century
from its promulgation by France has been ac-
cepted by almost every civilized country of the
world.
I perceive that my hour draws to a close. I
will, therefore, omitting some points to which
I hoped to refer, hastily invite the attention of
the House to one or two tabular statements for
the purpose of showing proximately what is to
be the relations of the United States to the
commercial and coining nations.
First let me present a statement showing the
rate of increase of population in the United
States during each decennial period from 1790,
when our first census was taken, to 1860:
Total
per cent.
1790-1800    35.02
1800-1810  36.45
1810-1820  83.13
1820-1830  33.49
1830-1810 32.67
1840-1850  35.87
1850—18d0 35.58
The population of the United States appears
during the last specified decade to be increasing
at the rate of about 35 J per cent, per decade, and
to be doubling about once in twenty-three years.
In contrast with the foregoing I present the
following, with an expression of regret that I
have been too much occupied to be able to
obtain a more recent authoritative statement
showing the rate of increase of population in
various European countries. This was pre-
pared by Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Sykes, V.
P. R. S., and read before the statistical section
of the British Association, August 10, 1848,
and is taken from the Journal of the London
Statistical Society, volume twelve, page 62:
Annual rate Period of
of increase, doubling in
Per cent. years.
1. Prussia, (1816-1843,) 27 years...1.500 47
2. England, 11801-1841,) 40 years..l.413 49
3. United Kingdom, (1831-1841,)
10 years 1.030 03
4. Austria, (1837-1840,) 3 years 939 74
5. Sweden, (1805-1840,) 35 years... .755 92
0. France, (1801-1841,) 40 years 563 123
Sir, it would not be correct to say that the
population of these countries is stationary,
for as is shown by her growth in a period of
forty years, France will double hers in one
hundred and twenty-three years ; yet we, who
double ours in twenty-three years, are asked
to accommodate our metrical coinage to hers,
which is unmetrical, because she now has more
gold coin afloat than we. I do not propose
that we shall legislate for the past, but for the
future. I ask gentlemen to remember that we
are legislating for a country which in twenty
years is to be not only the money and com-
mercial center of the world, but so powerful
in its ocean-girt position, its population, intel-
ligence, and wealth, that it is to exercise a
preponderant influence among nations. As it
was the first to decimalize its money, and to
invite the attention of nations to the advan-
tages to be gained by adopting an international
or interchangeable system of coinage, why
should it not lead in carrying into effect this
great reform? By a scarcely appreciable change
of the weight of its dollar, it can furnish a coin-
age which two hundred million people will wel-
come as practically interchangeable in sums of
twenty dollars with those issued by their own
country, aud with the value of which they are
familiar.
In conclusion,permit me to say, Mr. Speaker,
that in pressing this bill upon the attention of
Congress and the country I am not animated
by hostility to France. I am grateful for the
sympathy and aid she generously extended to
our fathers when they so greatly needed both.
Nor do I fail to appreciate the service she has
rendered mankind by her contributions to sci-
ence and art. Indeed my faith in her devo-
tion to science sustains me in renewing my
almost unnoticed effort to bring the important
subject to which my bill relates to the atten-
tion_of my countrymen. My proposition is
a tribute to France and an expression of my
appreciation of her devotion to science. It
does not ask her to accept that which is ours,
but proposes that we shall accept that which
is hers,the gram. Itdoes notaskher to adopt
the American system of coinage, but to be
true to her own glory and apply her unit of
weight to her coinage and that of other nations,
and thus make all interchangeable the world
over without regard to the country by which
it is emitted or the name or device it may bear.
International Coinage.
SPEECH OF HON. SAMUEL HOOPER,
of massachusetts,
Ik the House op Representatives,
April 14, 1870,
The House having under consideration the bill (H.
R. No. 1113) to promote the establishment of an
international metrical system of coinage.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. In con-
sidering the question of a law to promote inter-
national coinage the three commercial nations
most worthy of consideration are Great Britain,
France, and the United States. That scheme
must be preferred which will bring the coinage
of these nations into unison with the least fric-
tion, the least inconvenience, and the least
injustice.
There are three essential conditions to be con-
sidered in any scheme for unification of coinage:
First. Concurrence of the principal commer-
cial nations.
Secondly. Near approximation to existing
coinages.
Thirdly. Simple relations of the weight of
coins to the weight of commerce.
Two schemes or plans have been submitted
and are now under consideration in the Com-
mittee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures,
which I will designate for the purpose of easy
reference, as follows:
The French or franc scheme, recommended
by the United States commissioner at the Paris
conference in 1867, Hon. Samuel B. Ruggles,
which proposes that the weight of the half
eagle or gold coin of the United States shall be
124JJ troy grains, for the purpose of making
the half eagle conform to a French gold coin
of twenty-five francs.
The German or dollar scheme, which was
so ably advocated yesterday by the gentleman
from Philadelphia, [Mr. Kelley,] proposing
that the gold dollar of the United States shall
contain 1J gram of fine gold, and weigh 1|
gram of standard gold, so that two dollars shall
contain three grams of fine gold and three dol-
lars irt standard gold shall weigh precisely five
grams.
The French or franc scheme reduces the
value of the gold dollar of the United States to
that of five francs of French gold coinage,
being a reduction of about three and a half
per cent, in the value of the existing gold coin
of the United States.
The English sovereign is thereby reduced to
the value of twenty-five francs, making a reduc-
tion of about nine-tenths of one percent, in the
value of the existing gold coin of Great Brit-
ain ; and renders a change necessary in the
standard of English gold coin, now eleven
twelfths of fine gold) to the standard of France
and the United States of nine tenths fine gold ;
that is, nine parts of pure gold to one part of
alloy, instead of the present English standard
of eleven parts of pure gold to one part of
alloy.
The gold coins of Great Britain and the
United States would thus be made to conform
to the existing gold coin of France, and no
change would therefore be required in the coin
of that country. Under this scheme thirty-one
dollars would weigh fifty grams; the corre-
sponding value in English coin would be six
and one fifth sovereigns for fifty grams; and in
the coin of France would be one hundred and
fifty-five francs for fifty grams.
As this proposition makes the coinage of
France the standard, the first of the three
essential conditions before referred to would
be fully complied with in France, Italy, Bel-
gium, and other nations now using the franc
a.i their coin; therefore the change required
by adopting it would leave the money of those
nations undisturbed. In Great Britain it would
