1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1299
people, or to interfere with its outspoken
expression. _
1 am, perhaps, a little more exacting in
regard to the rights of American citizenship
than the gentleman from Vermont. My col-
league does not seem disposed even to enter-
tain a doubt as to the fairness and impartiality
of Great Britain, while I have been taught to
distrust that Government from the period that
I was able to comprehend the workings of its
atwressive and tortuous policy. His cordial
sympathy cannot be extended to the Irish peo-
ple because they have "violated the laws of
Great Britain." Suppose they had done so ;
is it sufficient to prove that they were guilty
of an unpardonable act of outrage and are not
entitled to sympathy? Did not the whole Amer-
ican people, with Washington, and Jefferson,
and Hancock, and Adams at their head, vio-
late the laws of the mother country when they
refused to continue longer under a Govern-
ment which had become intolerable ? The
laws of Great Britain are, like the laws of other
States, made for the protection of the Govern-
ment, without reference to unforeseen contin-
gencies which affect more directly the welfare
of the people. If we had not violated law we
should not exist now as a Republic. The mere
allegation of a violation of the laws of Great
Britain is sufficient with the gentleman from
Vermont to justify, without further question,
the denial of his cordial sympathy or any sym-
pathy at all for the people of Ireland. Laws
are made for the benefit of mankind ; and,
although the constitution and laws of England
are as unexceptionable, perhaps, as those of
any other Government based upon the mon-
archical principle, the gentleman surely can-
not mean to contend that issues may not spring
up which may make it necessary to violate law
in the interest of humanity. No doubt the
people of Ireland have violated the laws of
their country ; but admit them to be revolu-
tionists, are they the less entitled to our sym-
pathy for attempting to throw off the yoke of
oppression and wrong?
Does my colleague mean to say that his sym-
pathies are with England in such a contest as
against the principles of free government and
the inalienable rights of man? I speak now
of the Irish people and their claims to our sym-
pathy, apart from the question of American
citizenship or our right to intervene in their
behalf. In a contest between monarchical and
republican government does the gentleman
array himself on the side of monarchy? Had
the theory of my colleague been sustained we
should have made but slow progress in the
maintenance and propagation of free principles
anywhere, and the world would have retro-
graded rather than advanced to her present
elevated stand-point. We should have been
hopelessly remanded to the dark ages. There
are principles connected with human govern-
ment more to be cherished than the restraints
which the law throws around them ; and to
deny to the Irish people the cordial sympathy
of tins country because they violate law in the
effort to establish freedom is dangerous in
theory. un-American in spirit, and opposed to
#11 the teachings of our past history. Sympa-
thy based upon the promptings of enlightened
humanity is sometimes more powerful than
force. It is the language which Christian peo-
ple not unfrequently resort to as a preliminary
warning of graver and more decided action.
But what, after all, is this great bugbear of
Fenianism which has exercised so fearfully the
imagination of the gentleman from Vermont,
and which has caused him to suspect that Irish
traitors were not only concealed in the '' belly''
of the report, but in every fence corner where
a hiding-place could be found. I know little
about the Fenian Brotherhood and less about
any armed organization in which they are en-
gaged at this time. I know that my colleague
has a holy reverence for the laws of neutrality;
and so have I, upon any fair basis of just reci-
procity. I would treat England just as she
treats us. There was no time during the war
of the rebellion that both she and France would
not have wiped us from existence. The whole
country knows it; and it is no use for my col-
league in his kindness to attempt to deny it.
The fact is as I state. I have nothing to do
with Fenianism. I would not break the laws
of a proper neutrality; but I suppose I may
express my individual sympathy without com-
mitting high treason against the offended ma-
jesty of Great Britain ; and I say here that if :
the people of Ireland should succeed to-morrow,
as the people of France have succeeded, in lib-
eralizing their Government, or in establishing
their independence, I should rejoice at it.
These Fenians are standing upon the same
principles which led to our separation from
Great Britain. We have no right to interfere
officially in any such contest, nor do I claim
it. It is a domestic issue of their own. But I
say again, that if they should succeed it would
be a step onward in that great march of prog-
ress and free government which is destined
sooner or later to enfranchise the world, and
the American people in their present temper,
I have reason to believe, would not regret it.
The gentleman from Vermont seems to turn a
deaf ear to all that has transpired in regard to
these political prisoners, or to any statements
which go to show the severity of the treatment
to which they have been subjected. He even
seemed to have misgivings as to the confinement
at this time of any American citizens of Irish 1
descent. Mr. Speaker, it is well known that
for years past this struggle has been going on
without material concession on the part of
Great Britain, and it is only recently that any
relaxation has taken place in the church la ws and
other measures looking to a more liberal pol-
icy in the future. There are now some ten or
twelve of our citizens confined in their jails.
Whether they have been made responsible for
sentiments uttered here upon our own soil, or
overt acts of treason against the Government
of Great Britain, I desire to be informed. The
people of this country want information. If
any correspondence has taken place upon the
subject we wish to see it in order that we may
make it the basis of such action as this House
may think proper to direct.
Mr. Speaker, it is worthy of remark that
Great Britain is the only Power with which
these international complications have grown
up in the past. The right of search, the impress-
ment of American seamen, the extraordinary j
jurisdiction exercised by her local tribunals, i
have all aroused at different times the indigna- !
tion of our people, and been the subject of
diplomatic correspondence and remonstrance.
She has presumed upon her maritime power
to insist upon a code of her own without regard
to the coequal rights of friendly Powers. In
every instance where concession has been made
it has been done grudgingly on her part, and
only under a pressure which she was powerless
to withstand without danger to her own safety.
It will be a subject for consideration in the
future, connected with the rights of American i
citizenship, how far the American people will 1
continue to recognize this maritime ascend- :
ency with its attendant arrogance, and her
claim by the wave of her trident to dictate
terms to the rest of the world. We cannot ;
shut our eyes to the changes that are daily
going forward and the relations in which the
great Powers stand toward each other. The ;
status of England is essentially changed. She ;
has ceased to occupy a position to play the
dictator or the tyrant, and her maritime ascend-
ency is a thing of the past whenever we choose
to make it so.
Buttheantagonism of principle, the struggle
now going forward between monarchical and
free government, may open up a new phase of ;
this whole question so far as American citi-
zenship is concerned. In such a race we can-
not consent to fall behind. In such a struggle
we must triumph. The power exercised by
all Governments to enforce the supremacy .
of their own laws carries with it a range and
latitude of jurisdiction and a power of ulti-
mate decision, without the benefit of appeal,
which affects most seriously the rights of citi-
zenship. American citizens have been thrown
into prison and made the objects of penal inflic-
tion because of their devotion to the principles
upon which this Government is founded and
of their hostility to their own. Justice cannot
be expected at the hands of such courts in
times of extraordinary excitement, and where
international jealousies may be expected to
exercise a controlling influence. It resolves
itself into a struggle between monarchical and
free government; and the question must soon
arise whether, in the intensity of such a con-
flict, should it go on to assume proportions, it
will not be the duty of this Government, as a
settled rule of action hereafter, to demand the
delivery into its own hands of any of its citi-
zens who may be under arrest for political
offenses, to be dealt with by the tribunals of
their own country and under such provision
of law as Congress may enact. Whatever is
necessary to be done to guard against injustice
and wrong and to give protection to our citi-
zens I, for one, am prepared to demand at the
hands of this Government. I am tired of
inactivity and indecision. I desire to see this
Government realize at once a proper estimate
not only of its own power, but its duty to its
citizens ; and, let the consequences be ever
so threatening, to show its determination to
enforce what we know to be the desire of the
American people on this subject.
Mr. Speaker, at the first session of the
present Congress the Committee on Foreign
Affairs expressed their sympathy with Cuban
independence. The people in many parts
of the country are now clamoring for more
decided action. While I regret the tone of
the President's message to this House, and
the extraordinary vigilance and almost un-
friendly policy pursued toward the Cuban peo-
ple by the State Department, I was not pre-
pared at the time to do more than refer the
whole subject to the President of the United
States for a recognition of their belligerent
rights whenever he was satisfied that a trovern-
ment had been established capable of main-
taining itself against the power of the provis-
ional government of Spain. Besides, Mr.
Speaker, I did not see the evidence of that
concert and union among themselves which
gave assurance of success. They had in fact
; no government that we could recognize. They
had no stronghold upon their coast, nor had
they the power to do more than keep up a
guerrilla warfare, seeking refuge when hard
pressed in the more inaccessible parts of the
island. This state of things exists at the pres-
ent moment. How this struggle may end I
do not pretend to anticipate. Should these
Cuban people be able to hold out, Spain, from
heralmost bankruptcondition, becoming worse
and worse every day that she is compelled to
keep up the expenses of her army, may find
it necessary to invoke the good offices of the
United States in abandoning for a consider-
ation her claim upon that island. I sincerely
trust such may be the result.
Those who indulged the hope that some
amelioration in the condition of that people
would result from the late revolution in the
mother country must have been convinced that
no such happy termination can ever be reached.
Spain has fallen back into her normal condi-
tion. The faint glimmer of a more advanced
era in her night of despotism has been hope-
lessly extinguished; and Cuba, with her strug-
gling masses, must continue to invoke the
sympathies of the advocates of free govern-
ment under the increased rigors of the des-
poticarm which will be extended overher. The
American people cannot view without emo-
tion the complications which have sprung up
in that quarter, and I will say for myself, in
explanation of the views which I have hereto-
. fore presented to this House, and in close con-
