1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4131
better to make that specific. The Senator
means it that way.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to
saying ''including mileage."
TheVICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Oregon proposes to make it read that the entire
compensation, including mileage, shall not
exceed ten dollars per day.
Mr. WARNER. Are the words " including
mileage" in?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion now
pending in the Senate is to insert those words.
Mr. WARNER. 1 would prefer that it should
stand eight dollars a day, as proposed by the
Senator from Illinois, and to put in the words
"exclusive of mileage." leaving the mileage
to be computed under the old rule.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. WARNER. If eight dollars a day is
to include all compensation for expenses and
mileage it is insufficient; but exclusive of mile-
age it would be right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should be satisfied
with eight dollars exclusive of mileage.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon modifies his amendment to the amend-
ment so as to read "eight dollars a day, ex-
clusive of mileage."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us take the vote on
that.
Mr. SPENCER. I think it is better to say
" ten dollars, including mileage."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Oregon
to the amendment, to insert after "eight dol-
lars" the words "exclusive of mileage."
The amendment to the, amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs upon concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole as amended
in the Senate.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
message from tub iioush.
A message 'from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 140) appointing man-
agers of the National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 306)
to amend act of July 28, 1866; in whicn it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
RECESS.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. Thclndianappro-
priation bill is now before the Senate.
Mr. PATTERSON. I appeal to the Sen-
ator from Maine to let us pass over his bill
informally and take up the little bill of sixteen
lines to which I before referred, which it is
very important should pass. It^ is quite as
important as the appropriation bill. It is to
prevent a constant draft upon the income ot
the Government of the United States. I lie
Secretary of the Treasury is anxious that this
bill should pass. I have tried several morn-
ings to get it up, but have failed.
Mr. HOWE. What is it?
Mr. PATTERSON. It is a bill to prevent
smuggling on the southeastern frontier of the
' United States. . .
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let it be read
! for information.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will save $0,000,000
a year. There can be no objection to it.
; Mr. POMEROY. Will it be in order now
' to move for a recess to-day?
r Tho VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
t in order.
> Mr. POMEIIOY. We ought to have a recess
S from half past four to half past seven ; and 1
i want to wiy in making tho motion that 1 think
we ought to devote our evening sessions to the
Calendar. The rule was adopted with a view
of spending the time in the evening session
upon the Calendar and letting the unfinished
business of the day session be the unfinished
business, by unanimous consent, at the next
meeting.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ator will not press that to-day.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator may not
want that to-day, and he never will want it;
but as the Senate is proceeding we get no ben-
efit from our rule. 1 shall move that the
unfinished business of the day session, if there
be any, shall be the unfinished business at one
o'clock the next day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho first motion,
the motion for a recess, can be decided by a
majority; but the other would require unani-
mous consent., or a passing over of the appro-
priation bill at the evening session by a major-
ity vote, when the order la regard to tho Cal-
endar would operate.
Mr. POMEROY. Then at this moment I
confine myself to moving for a recess from half
past four to half past seven o'clock this day.
The motion was agreed to.
itousu hill ltkfurred.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. S00) to
amend 'act of July 28, I860, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
commuuciai, intercourse with mexico.
Mr. PATTERSON. I renew my appeal to
the Senator from Maine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the title of the hill referred to by
the Senator from New Hampshire, and it will
be before the Senate if no objection bo made,
the appropriation bill being informally passed
aside, subject to a demand for the .regular order.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to take up
the bill (S. No. 783) to repeal all existing laws
authorizing the transportation and exportation
of goods, wares, and merchandise in bond to
Mexico, overland or by inland waters, and for
other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am advised
that that will lead to debate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think it will lead to
no debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Maine can arrest debate at any moment by
demanding the regular order.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say to the Sen-
ator that 1 do not propose to debate it.
Mr. CHANDLER. There will uotbe a word
said.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. t It pro-
poses to repeal all existing laws authorizing the
transportation and exportation ofgoods, wares,
and merchandise in bond to Mexico overland j
or by inland waters; and also to repeal all ex-
isting provisions of law authorizing the payment
of drawback upon goods.jwares, and merchan-
dise exported from the United States to ports j
or places in Mexico north of parallel 23° 30' j
north latitude, or the cancellation of bonds ■
given for the exportation and landing of goods,
wares, and merchandise at such ports and
places; and to revoke all authority to issue
certificates in respect to the landing and uo-
livery of goods, v/ares, and merchandise con-
ferred by law upon merchants and consuls of
the United States resident at places in Mexico
north of that parallel.
The bill was repotted to the Senate, ordered
to he engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS entered amotion to recon-
sider the vote on the passage of the bill, but
subsequently said: I have looked at the biil
about smuggling, and I am satisfied that it is
weil enough, and I therefore desire, with the
leave of the Senate, to withdraw the motion I
entered to reconsider tho vote oil the passage
of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, {Mr./Ti«JM-
bull in the chair.) If there be no objection,
the motion to reconsider will be withdrawn.
The Chair hears no objection.
indian appropriation dill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask unanimous consent
to take irom the table for consideration and
passage a bill providing for restoring to half
a dozen or more widows, whose pensions have
been granted by special acts of Congress at
fifty dollars a month, the sum to which they
are entitled. It has been lying on the Calen-
dar for a long time. I want to see how far the
good will of the Senate goes toward that class
of people.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermontasks that the appropriation bill be in-
formally passed over to consider a bill reported
by tho Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
I shall disappoint the honorable Senator if I
object.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I shall object anyhow.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the hill (H. R.
No. 11G9) making appropriations for tho cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions (so called) with various Indian tribes for
tho year ending June 30, 1871, and for other
purposes.
Mr. HARLAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to move this amend-
ment, to come m after line seventeen hundred
and four, on page 70:
For tho surport of industrial and other schools
anions: tho Indian tribes not othonviso provided for,
to bo expended under tho direction of tho Secretary
of tho Interior, 8100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ITARLAN. I am also instructed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs to move this
amendment, to come in at the same place:
For this amount, to enable tho Secretary of the
Interior to pay for goods issued by S. E.Ward to
Indians at Foi t Laramio by order of the Indian peace
commissioners in May and Juno, 1863, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed fo.
Mr. HARLAN. I am also^ instructed by
the same committee to offer this amendment,
to come in at the same place:
Kor payment lor goods issued as presents by John
B T.ippan, by direction ot General Alfred Sully, to
the Kiowa Indians at Fort Lamed, Kansas, in July,
18G8, at tho timo of tho delivery ot two white cap-
tives held by thorn, tho sum of fcl,]01 Go.
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. The last two items were
private claims; but I have no objection to
them if the Senator from Maine does not object.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ments have been agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON, if they are pnVato
claims 1 object to them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the last amendment is to pay for the
delivery of two white captives by the direction
of the general in command. The Chair sup-
poses there must be authority in Jaw for a gen-
eral iu eommandgiving preRentsforthedelivery
of captives. The Chair thinks it could hardly
be considered a private claim.
Mr. TIARLAN. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to move the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the same
point:
For this amount, or so much thereof ap may be
necessary, to pay the expenses of tho removal ot
"bUay bands of Pottawatomie and Winnebago In-
dians in Wisconsin "from their presenthomessm that
Sraio to the tribes to which they respectively belong,
'^For transportation and subsistence of One thousand
"Winnebngoes from Wlseonsm to Nebraska, at fifteen
dollars co-ch, <pl5 0J0. . , Tj^fffv^irnfornics
Fin I ransporcation of five liin^drcd Po t ^
and two hundred Oh.ppewas, < J
them, from Wisconsin to th  Ind$n wuotay sontn
oi Kansas, at thirty dollars each, v-I.™-
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
have some explanation of that.
