5076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
cation in the southern States, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (8. No. 940) establishing
I he right of way of the Portage Lake and River
Improvement Company, and providing for and
making a grant of land to aid in the completion
of said improvement, reported it with amend-
ments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. G20) granting
lands to the State of Wisconsin to aid in the
construction of a breakwa.ter and harbor and
ship-canal at the head of Sturgeon bay, in the
county of Door, in said State, to connect the
waters of Green bay and Lake Michigan in
said State, reported it with amendments.
isills introduced.
Mr. REVELS asked, and by unanimous con-
sentobtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1031) to remove the legal and political disabil-
ities of John Deavours, of Iuka, Mississippi;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 237) in relation to enlistments
into the Mamie corps, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to he printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 238) for the relief of Lieutenant
Commander John H. Quackenbush; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1032) to amend the laws relating to titles
in the District of Columbia; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
order 01' business.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from Ohio,
who has charge of the tax bill, to allow me to
make a motion. I desire to have Tuesday
next to take up the report of the conference
committee on the Army bill, and also to act
on some dozen or fifteen reports from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I have waited here
two weeks to accommodate Senators, and I
hope they will give me Tuesday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection if
wo get through with the tax bill.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to take Tuesday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I doubt whether we shall
get through with the tax bill by Tuesday, the
way we are going on.
Mr. WILSON. I give notice to the Senate
that I shall antagonize all the Army bills
against every other bill until the end of the
session after the tax bill is over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if a report of the committee of conference does
not have precedence over other business ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By the
practice of the Senate it does; but by no rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. By the practice of the
Senate. I think it very extraordinary that a
report of so much importance as this confer-
ence i eport on the Army bil! cannot be consid-
ered in this body. We can take up railroad
bills and everything else; but this cannot be
considered at all. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will move to make ihe confer-
ence report the order for some time and have
ir, acted on. I, for one, desire action on that
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
it after the tax bill is through.
Mr. WILSON. I have waited to accom-
modate everybody.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
its being made a special order after this bill is
disposed of.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that it be made a
special order after the tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
make a suggestion to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, who has charge of the Army appro-
priation bill. Of course the Senate will give
him an opportunity to be heard on ^hat; and
in that connection, certainly, he can be heard
on the other px-oposition.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to have the vote of
the Senate first on the report of the committee
of conference on the Army reduction bill be-
fore we take up the Army appropriation bill.
I desire to have the sense of the Senate on
that bill first; and I should like to have Tues-
day next to take up that and some dozen other
measures from the Military Committee. I
think we can get a vote on it pretty soon. I
do not wish to debate it, but to get a vote.
I agreed to give way to the franking privilege
bill, and to two bills reported by the Committee
on Appropriations, and to this tax bill; and
now I have waited long enough, and I think
the Senate ought, to give me Tuesday next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is the amendment of the Senator
from Delaware to the tax bill, on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask that the amendment
be reported.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask leave to present a
report of a committee of conference on a little
pension bill, and ask to have it read.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to tho
bill (II. II. Xo. 1987) d timing tho duties of pension
agents 
Mr. WILSON. I object to acting on that
conference report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
why one conference report is received and not
another.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall go on
with the tax bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Proceed-
ings are going on by unanimous consent, sub-
ject to the special order being called up at
any time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will one general objec-
tion answer for all purposes, without my
jumping up continually? I make a general
objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I withdraw the re-
port if gentlemen object to it, and we will see
if we can stick to the rules to-morrow morning.
Mr. HARRIS. I wish to offer a resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to everything
but the regular order.
PRJSS1DJSNTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following acts and
joint resolutions:
An act (S. No. 32) to prevent the exterm-
ination of fur-bearing animals in Alaska ;
An act (S. No. 1G7) amendatory of an act to
protect the rights of the actual settlers upon
die public lands of the United States, ap-
proved July 27, 18C8, and for other purposes ;
An act (S. No. 241) to relinquish the interest
of the United States in certain lands to the city
and county of San Francisco ;
An act (S. No. 351) for the disposal of the
lands within tho FortRidgely military reserva-
tion. Minnesota;
An act (S. No. 471) in relation to certain
unsold lands in the counties of Porter and Lake,
in the State of Indiana;
An act (S. No. 474) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish and protect national
cemeteries
An act (S. No. 495) to confirm entries of
public land in certain cases in the State of
Alabama;
An act (S. No. 509) for the relief of the inhab-
itants of Salt Lake City, in the Territory of
Utah;
An act (S. No. 517) to define the intent of
an act entitled " An act to allow deputy col-
lectors of internal revenue acting as collectors
the pay of collectors, and for other pufposes,"
approved March 1, 1809 ;
An act (S, No. 520) to amend an act entitled
"An act to remove the charge of desertion
from certain soldiers of the second North Caro-
lina mounted infantry," approved March 26,
1869;
An act (S. No. 613) to regulate the foreign
and coasting trade of the northern, northeast-
ern, and northwestern frontiers of the United
States, and for other purposes;
An act(S. No. 61G) to repeal certain sections
of acts passed by the territorial Legislature
of Wyoming;
An act (S. No. 632) to amend an act entitled
"An act to carry into effect provisions of the
treaties between the United States, China,
Japan, Siam, Persia, and other countries, giv-
ing certain judicial powers to ministers and
consuls and other functionaries of the United
States in those countries, and for othep-pur-
poses," approved June 22, 1860;
An act (S. No. G77) to change the place of
holding the courts of the United States for the
Albemarle district of North Carolina ;
An act (S. No. 723) in relation to circuit
courts;
An act (S. No. 725) for the relief of Thomas
Henderson;
An act (S. No. 758) for the settlement of the
account of Captain E. M. Buchanan, late com-
missary of subsistence of volunteers ;
An act (S. No. 834) to create a port of
delivery at Vallejo, California;
An act (S. No. 843) to confirm the title of
the heirs of Gervacio Nolan, deceased, to cer-
tain lands in the Territory of Colorado ;
An act (S. No. 880) granting a pension to
Henry C. Weatherby ;
An act (S. No. 949) authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Arkansas river
at Little Rock, Arkansas;
An act (S. No. 996) to relieve Henry A. Bad-
ham from the legal and political disability im-
posed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 116) instruct-
ing the President to negotiate with the Indians
upon the Umatilla reservation, in Oregon ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 133) concern-
ing the pay of customs officers in North Caro-
lina ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 134) to regu-
late the effect of a vote of the thanks of Congress
upon promotion in the Navy;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. IQp) for the
relief of certain officers of the Navy ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 197) giving the
consent of Congress to the reception of a cer-
tain bequest by the State of New Jersey under
the will of the late Edwin A. Stevens ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 199) providing
for the admission of photographs for exhibition
free of duty;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 218) authoriz-
ingthe First National Bank ofFortSmith, Ark-
ansas, to change its location and name; and
A joint resolution (S. It. No. 230) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to change the
name of the steam-yacht Fanny.
The message also announced that the Presi-
dent had on the 29th of June approved and
signed the act (S. No. 722) to establish the
western judicial district of Wisconsin.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clixtox Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the
following bills of the Senate, without amend-
ment:
A bill (S. No. 002) to grant the right of way
