4132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
Mr. HARLAN. These are roving Indians
•who live in the State of Wisconsin, that have
no reservations and no ostensible means of
support. They are very poor and have no
homes, and it was thought best to provide for
their transportation to their tribes.
' Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Senator
whether I am right in supposing that these
Indians have once been removed by authority
of the Government, and in accordance with
treaty stipulations with the general tribe, and
are such as have straggled back?
Mr. HARLAN. 1 think it is very probable
that some of them have been away and have
returned. It is no new thing for Indians to
straggle back after the tribe has been removed
from the old home to a new one ; but some of
them probably never were removed. Perhaps
the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] will
be able to throw some light on the subject. 1
think there are some papers in the hands of
the Senator from Maine relating to this matter,
marked "X" ou my memorandum.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My understand-
ing is that all these Indians were once removed
t.o the country where the tribes are now located
under treaty stipulations ; but they have wan-
dered back from time to time, until there are
more or less of them back at their old homes
in Wisconsin. If that is so, and these are
individual straggling Indians, it seems to me
that it is hardly a proper policy to expend
public money to take them to the tribe to which
they belong. '
Mr. HARLAN. While the honorable Sen-
ator is looking for the papers, if he is looking,
I may state, if it is in order to do so, that the
member of the House from the State of Wis-
consin, in whose district these Indians reside,
if they can be said to reside anywhere, made
a personal explanation to the members of the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; let
it be passed over. I see that there are some
papers in my possession on the subject. I want
the amendment passed, over for the present
until I examine the papers.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be passed over.
Mr. HARLAN. The next amendment of
the Committee on Indian Affairs is to insert:
To enable the Sooretary of tho Interior to pay that
amount found duo by the Interior Department Juno
9,1889, to E. H. Taylor, for hording cattle, &331 97.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That seems to
be objectionable, as in the nature of a private
claim. I do not know its merits.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Troti-
BtJLij in the chair.) Does the Senator object
to it as out of order on the ground that it is a
private claim ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On the face of
it I should say it is a private claim.
Mr. HARLAN. I think this was a regular
employ^, who was in the service of the Depart-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; if
he was a regular employ^ I do not object.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The next amendment I am
instructed to offer by the Committee on Indian
Affairs i3 to insert the following at the end of
tho first section of tho bill:
I'or this amount, to enable tho Secretary of the
Interior to pay for legal services rendered by Messrs.
Ihomas P. Fenlon and James S. Emery, attorneys
at law, in 1865, and subsequently, In defending suits
instituted against the United States officers in Kan-
sas, relating to the rights and property of Indians,
by direction of the Interior Department, $2,000: Pro-
vided, That this amount shall be received in full
satisfaction for said indebtedness.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is clearly
a private claim.
Mr. HARLAN. I never knew the line of
distinction between a private claim and public
claim. I will state what the facts are in this
case. The Department directed the employ-
ment of these attorneys to defend the officers
of the Government who had been directed to
break up cattle stealing on the southern border
of Kansas, between Kansas.and the Indian ter-
ritory. The services were performed, and per-
formed efficiently, under the direction of the
Department. These attorneys were employed
by the Department, and they have not been
paid. Whether that can be regarded as a pri-
vate claim or not I leave for the Chair to
decifte.
Mr. POMEROY. I am very well acquainted
with this case, and I believe it is the only one
in this bill I do know anything about. There
was an effort made by the Government during
the last years of the war to break up the steal-
ing and running of cattle and horses from Kan-
sas to the Indian country; and the Department
authorized these attorneys, well known to me,
to defend every officer that had been prose-
cuted ; and they did defend them, and most of
them were cleared; but there was no direct
appropriation to pay them. I have seen, my-
self, the authority authorizing their employ-
ment, and I know they performed the service.
It is about the only case I do know of person-
ally in this bill. But what they agreed to take
was something over three thousand dollars;
but by waiting two or three years it has got
down to $2,000. I hope certainly these $2,000
will be paid them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine makes a point of order, as the
Chair understands, that this is a private claim.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. This comes in under the
rule. Tho objection as to a private claim will
not apply hero. This is to carry out the pro-
visions of an existing law. There was a law
authorizing the employment of counsel, and
the Department directed the employment of
these two attorneys in accordance with an
existing law, and it is in that light that it can
be received under the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is
a law authorizing the employment of counsel,
it clearly does not come within the rule. Will
the Senator from Kansas refer to the law?
Mr. POMEROY. I have not the lav/ by me ;
but every officer of the Department knows that
there was such a law. We made a large appro-
priation—the Senator who now occupies the
Chair [Mr. Trumbull] is as familiar with it as
any one—authorizing the Departments in Cer-
tain cases to employ counsel in addition to the
district attorneys ; and the only trouble in this
case was that the appropriation failed before
these parties got their pay. Others were paid
under the appropriation.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask the Senator from
Kansas whether these attorneys were ever paid
anything?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir ; these attorneys
have never been paid anything, as I under-
stand.
Mr. HARLAN. Tliey have never been paid
a dollar.
Mr. POMEROY. They; were to have been
paid a specified sum, which was over three
thousand dollars; but the committee report to
pay only $2,000, and the parties have waited
two or three years.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Taking the
statement of the Senator from Kansas," if there
was an existing law authorizing the employ-
ment of counsel, clearly this is not a private
claim within the meaning of the rule; or if it
be a private claim, being to carry out the pro-
vision of an existing law, it is in order.
Mr. POMEROY. I saw the order myself;
I recollect it distinctly. It was at the time
Mr. Cooley was Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs. I remember tho order, because I was
anxious, being at home, to break up this steal-
ing of cattle and running of cattle from my
State into the Indian country ; and the parties
have often written to me that they have never
hadtheirpay. They expeeted a larger amount;
but if this can be paid them it will close the
question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it was a mat-
ter of law I think that would be conclusive ;
but there ought to be some explanation from
the Department about this.
Mr. POMEROY. It has been recommended
several times. I remember that I had the esti-
mate of the Department last year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let it be passed
over until I look at the papers. I see I have
marked on tho margin that there are some
papers, but I do not find them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be passed over for the present, at the
request of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well. The next
amendmentof the Committee on Indian Affairs
which I am directed to offer is to insert at the
close of tho first section of the bill, "for the
Indian service in Alaska territory, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, $50,000."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
some explanation of that. I did not suppose
we had any relations with the Indians of Alaska,
and I am a little suspicious of opening new
relations.
Mr. HARLAN. I submit it to the Senate.
The commissioners appointed under a law en-
acted last April, who are serving without pay,
and one of whose officers spent some time in
Alaska in inquiring into the condition of the
Indians of that territory, have recommended
an appropriation of $100,000 for the purpose
of establishing schools and instruction among
the Alaska Indians. The committee consid-
ered their report and finally concluded to rec-
ommend the-Senate to appropriate $50,000 foi
this purpose. Whether it is better to attempt
to educate these people or to leave them as
they now are is a question for the Senate to
decide.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not suppose this has
been recommended by any Deparuneut, and I
do not think we had better go to Alaska with
these appropriations. If we can take care of
our Indians at home it is as much as we can do.
Mr. HARLAN. This is recommended by
the commissioners appointed by the President
under the direction of Congress.
Mr. POMEROY. Has it been recommended
by the head of any Department, by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, or the Secretary
of the Interior?
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs relied on the recommendation made by
this board of commissioners. I am not sure
whether there are any papers from the Interior
Department or not. There are papers in the
hands of the honorable Senator from Maine,
marked on my memorandum Z, but I remember
distinctly that the committee relied on the rec-
ommendation made by the hoard of commis-
sioners, who are serving without pay, and ona
of whose officers has been some months in
Alaska. They were doubtless well informed
as to the condition of the Indians and the
necessity of instruction among them.
.Mr. POMEROY. I read their report with
great interest, and I am satisfied it is a very
valuable report that was made by the commis-
sioners ; but I did not understand that we were
going to commence our operations by an appro-
priation of a large amount of money there. I
did not understand that from the report. If
we commence with $50,000 this year, we shall
have $500,000 next year, and so on.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As our duties
are urgent with the tribes nearer to us, with
which we are partially in conflict, and as we
are appropriating so largely for them, I should
hope the chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairswould not feel bound to press this
item. I doubt extremely whether we ought
to endeavor to establish relations with these
Indians at this time.
Mr. TIPTON. If we could sell Alaska for
$7,000,000, and then appropriate that money
for the use of the Indians in Alaska, I should
