2244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
erament is by 110 means the gainer in revenue.
My friend [Mr. Kerr] has demonstrated that
on spool cotton the revenue is $075,109 88,
while the balance of the $4,000,000 burden
on the consumer, to wit, $3,024,890 12, goes
to the manufacturerof Massachusetts and Con-
necticut by reason of the profitable tariff.
Upon the business of iron and steel manufac-
tures of all kinds the Government receives about
$10,000,000 revenue, while $100,000,000 are
lost to the people by reason of the increased
price created by this profitable tariff I Rail-
road freights and fares, prices of breadstuff's,
and all commodities of exchange are enhanced
by the increased cost of transportation. This
increase is due in part to the tariff on iron and
steel rails, locomotives, &c., so that wheat is
thrice the price at the sea-board that it is in
Chicago.
So every article made out of iron and steel,
the plow of the farm, the spring of the watch-
maker, the adze of the carpenter, the ax of the
woodman, the anvil of the blacksmith, the sew-
ing-machine and needle of the seamstress, the
hoe of the negro, the wagon of the teamster,
the stove of the householder, as well as rails,
steamships, engines, and locomotives—there
is nothing from a flat-iron to a tenpenny nail;
from a telegraph wire to a hoop-skirt, which
does not pay its part of the $100,000,000 which
never sees the Treasury, but goes into the
pockets of these men of steel and iron. Better
at once pension them as paupers, and letthepoo-
pie know, as it used to be done for the fishermen
of New England, and as it is proposed to do
for the ocean steam lines, exactly and directly
the amount of the robbery. There arc 00,000
miles of railroad in the country. They require
new track on an average every live years. At
present steel rails can be had at the price of
our iron. It will wear double or treble as long,
enable the roads to transport grain from Min-
nesota, Iowa, and Illinois from 15 to 10 cents
per bushel less than if compelled to put down
iron, furnishes the people at large safer roads
for riding, and tempts the farmer to cultivate
the soil, as he can get something for liis pro-
duction. Mis production is not all swallowed
lip in the charge of transportation. Make steel
rails free ; do not increase the tariff as is pro-
posed, rather reduce it, and you directly help
the farmer in a most essential way.
Yet while these demands for more oil steel
manufactures are made, it was confessed by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
that on some articles the American manufac-
ture was underselling the English in their own
markets I In other words, these manufactures
take this bounty from our people and by it are
enabled to help the English consumer to a
cheaper and better article ! When the gentle-
man Irom Ohio [Mr. Winans] asked him why
he demanded more of the oppressed people,
when his constituents could undersell England
abroad, the gentleman floundered through a
mire of general absurdity to show how the
assurance of protection to capital, i, e., how
the assurance of further piracy, could enable
them to beat the world 1
Was there ever so forbearing a people as
ours ? Much was excused by them during the
war, and for war debts and public credit much
more has been excused to their rulers; but now
that we have $100,000,000 more revenue than
expenditures, and when, too, these expendi-
tures are confessed to be extravagant, it is
impudently demanded here that this steel
monopoly, which goes abroad with its pockets
lined with our bounties, shall have more and
more !
Is this a tariff of equality? No! The pro-
tectionist docs not ask for that. His protec-
tion, even when he cries "revenue," means j
inequality, for his interest lies in making the j
beam kick always in his lavor. Equality is
not robbeiy. Protection is inequality, and i
that is robbery. ^ j
No other nation is so forbearing as ours, j
Compare the tariffs of other nations with ours. |
France, England, the Zollverein have nothing j
in common wiih ours, either for the number
of articles, cost of collection, complexity of
arrangement, devices of fraud, or oppressive
exactions. We have a protection by nature—
transportation over the sea—of 10 per cent.;
our tariff added to this makes our tariff ovey
50 per cent, on all our imports. England haa
not a sixth of this, and Prance and the Zoll-
verein less than a fourth.
mode of calculating bounties.
In my previous remarks I have considered it
to be settled that the duty enters into the price
of the article to the consumer. More than that;
all the charges, including freight and insur-
ance, exchange, gold premium, custom-house
charges and tariff, importer's and retailer's
profits, enter into that price. I have before
shown hero, in 18G4, in an elaborate speech,
and by a mode of computation first introduced
by myself into tariff discussions by reasons of
our irredeemable paper money, that these are
truths. They are unanswerable. No answer
has been attempted. I presented actual bills of
lading from importers and on these based my
calculations. By this mode the exact per cent,
or bounty is reckoned. In other words, the
protection, or gift, or robbery is measured by
the difference between the first cost and the
cost when the foreign article enters into com-
petition with the home market. It is at this
point the foreign article comes in competition
with the home manufacturer. Since 18(54, when
I spoke on the tariff of 1802, the premium on
gold has fallen, but the increased duties make
no great change in the burden of the people.
Hence, when gentlemen representing various
interests conic hero with partial statements,
there is one answer to them all: if your state-
ments conflict with these calculations you are
deceiving either yourselves or the people, or
both. No one can tell me that when salt,
lumber, leather, or iron has so much per cent,
of bounty it does not take that much from the
people! Garble your books, misstate facts,
figure up transportations, make a poor show-
ing for your corporations and monopolists;
after all your display you are required to
answer the proposition, that the cost to the
consumer of foreign goods in competition with
similar home-made articles includes the items
of as well of tariff as of exchange, freight,
insurance charges, premium, and profits of
importer and retailer.
expenditure and taxation.
There is another evil still more astounding
and dangerous which results from taxation.
In modern times taxation and its correlative,
or cooperating agent, expenditure, are the
means by which the masses are subjected to
power, by which labor is subjugated to capital,
and by the latter bound hand and foot and laid
helpless at the footstool of despotism. Hence
the policy of the modern despot is to create by
expenditure the necessity of taxation. Hence
are large armies, large navies, large civil lists,
pension systems, church establishments, large
national debts created and kept up by all the
modern Governments of Europe ; all imposing
the necessity of taxation, and to an enormous
amount. And as labor is the creator of all
wealth, those enormous taxes all come out of
the working man ultimately. His labor, the
busy thought of his brain, the untiring toil of
his arm, the sweat of his brow, produce and
pay for all; contribute all which supports the
splendor and pageantry of modern Govern-
ments. He produces all; but the few enjoy the
fruits of his labor, while he is only permitted
to retain a bare sufficiency to supply the imme-
diate and pressing wants of life. Taxation and
expenditure accomplish all this.
How unlike the beautiful and beneficent
operations of nature. The sun in his great
mission on this earth exhales from the earth its
moisture in infinitesimal particles, and causes
it again to descend in genial showers, to re-
fresh and fertilize its thirsty and prolific bosom,
causing it to teem with abundant products to
supply and satisfy the wants of men. Taxa-
tion, like the sun, gathers its supplies in small
quantities from the hands of labor; but unlike
that glorious and beneficent luminary, it sends
them not back again to cheer the hearts of the
many, but through the agency of its ally, ex-
penditure, deposits its exactions in the hands
of the few. Thus are all the masses kept
poor, kept toiling; thus disabled from resist-
ing the oppressions of those who govern them;
and thus is labor subjugated to power, and
thus is the problem of liberty involved in tax-
ation and expenditure.
It is my purpose to show, by the irresistible
logic of facts and figures, that the results which
have been attained in Europe, namely, the
impoverishment, degradation, and subjugation
of the workingmen, are sought to be attained by
the privileged classes here, acting through their
willing agent, the Republican party. And by
workingmen I include the farmer, mechanic,
and laborer of this country. They are the
classes which need enlightenment, defense, and
protection in this great conflict between capi-
tal and labor now pending and now manifest-
ing itself in the bill before the House.
EXACT CALCULATION Off BOUNTIES.
In a speech delivered by me in 1864 upon the
tariff of 1862, which was not so onerous as the
existing tariff, or the one proposed in this bill,
I took the occasion to show, by arithmetical
demonstration, the enormous bounties exacted
of the country by the miscalled " protected"
classes and the immense burdens imposed upon
the agricultural States of the West through the
instrumentality of the tariff combined with the
existing irredeemable paper-money system, it
shows fully the bounties exacted by the pro-
tected classes and the burdens imposed upon
the agricultural and toiling masses. I propose
now to treat the subject upon the same princi-
ples of calculation, taking into the calculation
the present relations of paper money to gold.
Before the imported article can come into
competition in our market with a similar arti-
cle of domestic production it is subjected to the
following elements of cost and charge, namely :
1. Cost in the country whence imported ;
2. Difference of exchange between the cur-
rencies of the two countries ;
3. Consular charges and expenses of ship-
ping ;
.4. Freight, and insurance ;
f>. Duties in gold ;
(i. Premium on the duties ;
7. Custom-house charges and cartage; and
8. Ten per cent, allowed as profits to the im-
porter.
When all these elements of cost are added
the article reaches the point of competition
with the domestic article in our own markets.
Of course the elements of cost cannot be pre-
cisely ascertained except by an actual impor-
tation, but they may be sufficiently approxi-
mated for the purposes of this discussion.
The rate of exchange between the two cur-
rencies of England and the United States is
about 9 per cent. That is, it takes $109 of
American gold to buy $100 of English gold.
The present depreciation of paper money in
thiscountryis 12percent. This amount added
to $109 m American gold is equal to $121.
J- hus it now requires $121 of the paper currency
of this country to pay $100 in England. There
fore, if a merchant were to buy $100 worth of
goods in England he would have to pay $121
in our currency for them at the present relative
values of paper and gold in this country and
England.
lo take an example, suppose he were to
purchase in England $100 worth of pig iron,
lie would have to add the difference ofexchange,
thus making the cost in England in paper cur-
rency equal to $121. The duties on that $100
worth otpig iron, reckoned at 55 per cent, ad
valorem, would be $55 more in gold, to which
the premium on gold, or more properly speak-
ing the depreciation of paper currency, amount-
ing to 12 per cent., to $6 10, must be added;
making the whole duty in paper money $61 10.
