1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3189
manufacturer of steel: it was, I believe, 1£ cents
per pound. In 1862 this was increased, to com-
pensate for the amount which the manufac-
turer was required to pay under the internal
revenue law; so tbat from 18C2 up to the enact-
ment of the present law in 1804 there was only
about half a cent per pound protection upon
the steel that was manufactured in this country.
Yet under this protection the manufacture of
steel prospered, and, as the manufacturers of
steel stated, ''became an assured success." It
seems to me, therefore, that there is no necessity
for this heavy duty for the protection of the
steel interest in this country. It does not re-
quire any sueh protection. I ought to state,
Mr. Chairman, that iu 1866 the internal reveuue
tax was removed from the manufacture o("steel,
and therefore the present duty of 2i cents per
pound is entirely sufficient protectiou upon this
article. I ask, then, are you prepared to in-
crease the duty upon this cheaper class of steel?
Recently a discovery has been inadc of what
is called the excelsior process, by which steel
can be manufactured at 1 cent per pound more
than the expense of manufacturing iron. The
following description of this process is given
by the Iron Age:
"Aft* Praeem «/ Making Sietl.—Tha Allentown
Daily News states that a number of gentlemen of that
placahave formed an association for manufacturing
steel and iron by what is knows as the ' excelsior pro-
cess.' patented, in 186S. They have commenoed oper-
ations sod have already succeeded beyond their most
saagoioe expectations. The steel made by the pud-
<i:iar process has been rolled into a light wagon tire
tiree eighths by seven eighths,handsomely finished,
5Uod$ and hard. A large number ofchisels and other
w®is have been made in which any desired temper
cm be secured; and some of the moat experienced
mechanics havo used and worked this steel, and de-
clare it U> be equal to the best cast steel for strength
ami retention of fine sharp edge under hard use. At
the Allentowii rolling-mill Luey rolled several steel
tup rails wiih such perfect success that when the first
nil was run out the pnddlers and rollers cheered.
Toe lower pari of the rail Was made of wrought iron
and we.ded so perfeetly tbat by placing a short piece
ot the rail under the powerful crusher at the mill it
broke lengthwise in the iroB below the weld. The
manufacture of steel ander this process, it is claimed,
costs but a trille more than wrought iron.''
When steel can be made thns cheaply, I ask,
is it necessary that this protection should be
given to it? Is it necessary that this additional
burden shall be placed upon the people, upon
the farmer, upon the mechanic, npon the whole
bosiness and industry of the country ? it seems
to me, Mr. Chairman, that we ought to reduce
this duty to 2 cents per pound. 1 think a duty
of $44 80 per ton would be ample protection ,
for this particular interest.
Mr. HAWLEY. I move to strike out the
psragraph. I find that by the law as it now
stands with reference to the lower grades of
steel, those which are included in this para-
graph which I propose to strike out, the lowest
tariff is 2} cents per pound. I understand that
the class of steel which pays a duty of 2\ or 2^
cents per pound is that class which is used for
the purpose of making plows, hoes, and farm-
ing implements of that character. Now, in the
West particularly, as every gentleman upon
this floor knows, the farming interest must
necessarily use a very great amount of this
class of steel. In my own district alone I sup-
pose there are more plows manufactured than
in any district of country of the same size
|n the United States. There is a large nam- ,
her of plow-factories there, and of course a i
great many plowmen, a great many farmers
*ho use these plows, and they are used all over
the West.
Is ow, this bill, as I understand it, proposes to
increase the tariff on plow steel 1 cent per pound,
  onlesssomegood reason can be given forthis
,™" (eel compelled to oppose it. I think that
the higher grades of steel should pay a higher
rate ot duty, while the lower grades should pay
a less duty. _ But in the bill as it now stands
w€ Proposition of the Committee of Ways and
jfleang is to make all these different classes of
Jteel which were classified at different prices
** different grades under the old law now
pay 3} oentg per pound. Now, I think that
sjme classification ought to be made souiethiug
like that in the old law, or else that the whole
paragraph ought to be stricken out, so as to let
it stand as it is now under the old law. I have
no objection to that. I have a very great
objection to the proposed change in the law.
I believe tbat I ought to make tbat objection,
and that I ought to be sustained in the interest
of that great class of consumers which I, in
common with other gentlemen from the West,
represent upon this floor.
Mr. CONGER. I would ask the gentleman
whether it would not meet his views if the bill
was amended so as to admit plows free of duty?
Mr. HAWLEY. I do not know that it would.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I want
the House to observe that this proposition of
the Committee of Ways and Means to amend
the law in relation to the duty on steel is much
more a question of revenue than it is of pro-
tection. The gentleman who proposes the
amendment is right in regard to the preseut
rates of duty, but I think he is very far wrong
in his proposition to restore them. There are
now three classes of steel recognized in the
tariff—steel under 7 cents a pound which comes
in at 2} cents a pound, steel between 7 aud 11
cents whicb comes iu at 3 cents, and tbat above
II cents which comes in at 3} cents a pound
and 10 per cent, ad valorem. Now, what is
this highest rate? The first two, 2} and 3
cents, we can readilv understand. Three and
a half cents a pound and 10 per cent, ad val-
orem on a certain class of steel shows this rate,
on application to theTreasury returns, on steel
which has been valued in the invoices at the
gold price upon which the tariff is laid, at 12$
cents; 10 per cent, on that is cents; you
may call it l£ cents; it is a little more than
that; tbat makes 4J cents; so that the rates
of duty are 1J, 3, and 4| cents. The commit-
tee propose to reduce it all to one class, and
tbey put it at 3} cents.
A very large proportion of the steel is brought
in, however, now at 3 cents a pound, and it j
would seem tbat 8^ cents is above the average.
But the committee found testimony piled upon
testimony to show tbat a very large part of tbat
which comes in at 3 cents per pound ought to
be charged at the higher rate of 8J cents a
pound and 10 per cent, ad valorem. In this
matter of steel we particularly run upon that j
difficulty which arises always from classifica-
tion. Wherever you classify, wherever you
make grades of an article and that article is of
such a kind that it is not easy to distinguish
between the different grades, it is inevitable
that importations will be made entirely under
the lower grades. Steel which ought to have
paid 3J cents per pound and 10 per cent, ad
valorem has been sworn down habitually by the
perjury of importers and foreign manufacturers
with false invoices; so that the Government has
been cheated hand over band. There seems
to be no remedy for that except to go back to
the old scheme of having but one class of steel
and putting a like duty on all.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. No ; I have nottime. We
are going to adjourn on the 4th of July by the
gentleman's vote.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yon do not expect to
require all that time to explain steel,
Mr. SCHENCK. I will in a moment. Here,
for instance, is a report from the United States
consul at Sheffield, the great steel-producing
town in England. Among other things, Mr.
Abbott reports:
" There is no process practically in appraisement
by which experts can determine whether steel be
worth £20 or £50 per ton, and a specific duty there-
for is the only one which can do justice both to the
Government and to the importers and the purchaser
of steel in our country."
That is the conclusion at which the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had arrived before
they heard through the Treasury Department i
in regard to the views of our consul at that
great steel-producing point. And whether you
fix the rates at 3, 3}, or 8>} cents per pound,
or any other sum, what I insist upon is that
you shall not strike out the paragraph, and
thus go back to the old system of habitual,
constant, and infernal fraud. We have found
fraud in ail directions, but in none perhaps
more than in regard to this very matter of
steel. That arises in a great degree from the
fact that there is a difficulty, because of the
apparent resemblance of the article, in dis-
criminating between that which should be
valued at a higher rate and that which ought
justly to be valued at a lower rate.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire that the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
iuform this committee what advance on the
present rate is proposed by this bill according
to the value of the article? What per cent,
of advance do you ask us to give over the pres-
ent duty as a protection to the steel manufac-
turers of this country?
Mr. SCHENCK. I say that we do not pro-
pose any advance; other gentlemen differ from
me. 1 say that the three present classes on
which duty is respectively placed are at the
rates of 21> 3, and 4J cents per pound. We
have proposed one rate of 3^ cents per pound.
Gentlemen will say that that is not a medium
rate, because the bulk of the steel imported
into this country comes in at 2£ and 3 cents
per pound, and that we have proposed a higher
thau the average rate of duty. Yet it is indis-
putably true that a very large proportion of
the higher value of steel which is imported
into this country comes in at 3 cents per pound,
when it ought to pay a higher rate, and would
pay it but for the false invoices which are
resorted to to bring it down within classes to
which it does not belong.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to make the duty 2J cents per pound.
The objeot of this classification of steel, as pro-
rsed in the bill now under consideration, as
understand it, is to bring within one class
what is now comprised within three classes. I
have examined as carefully as I could the tes-
timony with regard to frauds at Sheffield in the
invoice rates of steel, and I am unable to dis-
cover any great fraud in those invoices. I
maintain that the testimony that is now before
us in the shape of revenue reports proves con-
clusively that those frauds are not very great
in extent. Now, the fact is that of these three
classes of steel imported into this country, the
first, paying a duty of 2J cents per pound,
amounts to $1,200,000 in value; of the seoond
class, which pays a doty of 8 cents per pound,
the total importation is $1,277,000 in value;
and of the third classification, paying 3£ cents
per pound and 10 per cent, ad valorem, the
total importation in value was last year only
$117,000. Therefore the returns show con-
clusively that we have the control of the mar-
ket for the class of steel that pays 3} cents per
pound and 10 per cent, ad valorem, because
last year there was only $117,000 worth im-
ported into the United States. Now is it pos-
sible that the duty on that class of steel mate-
rially affects the revenue ?
But the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means [Mr. Schesck] cays tbat the class
of steel that ought to come in subject to a duty
of 8J cents per pound and 10 per cent ad valo-
rem, really comes in at 8 cents per pound, by
means of fraudulent invoices. Yet the total
importation of steel at the rate of 3 cents per
pound is only $1,277,000 ont of the vast mass
of steel which is consumed in this country.
Now admitting, for the sake of argument, that
there may be some undervaluations of this steel,
they must be inconsiderable. But what I ob-
ject to is that for the purpose of curing this
supposed evil, the Committee of Ways and
Means have raised the duty upon all that class
of steel which enters largely into the coosump-
