1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41S8
not object; but as we are experimenting at
home I take it that for the present, until there
is a recommendation from the. head of a De-
partment, we had better not grant this $50,000
for an experiment in Alaska.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs also instruct me to offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
Sue.—. And be it further cnaetcd, That the Secre-
tary of i ii<; Interior be, and lie is hereby, directed
to ascertain what losses, if any, were sustained by
members ot the Creek tribe of Indians, by abandon-
ment of their improvements situated on the west
side of the lino dividing tlieir present reservation
from the land cedcd to the United States for other
Indians by the treaty of Juno 11, 1S6S, and report
the same to Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I am also instructed to
move to offer the following, to be inserted as a
new section:
Sec. —. And be -it further enacted, That so much of
ail act entitled "An act making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes for the year ending Juno
30,1870," approved April 10, J809, relating to Potta-
watomie Indian?, as provides that, no part of the
money due or belonging to minor children shall be
paid to them, or to any person for them, until such
children shall have attained the age ot twenty-ono
vears: being' in conflict with the third article of tho
treaty with said Indians of November 15, 1861, as
modified by subsequent treaties, be, and thcsauio is
hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAJILAN. I am also instructed by the
Committee ou Indian Affairs to move the fol-
lowing us an additional section:
Sec.—. A.nd be it further enacted, That the sum of
$2,o6i\ or so much thereof as may be necessary, bo,
nnd the same is hereby, appropriated, out oi any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to enable the Secretary of the Interior to detrny the
expenses of the delegation oi North Carolina Chero-
kee Indians which have been mi he city of Washing-
ton during the months of February, March, and April,
in the year 1870, and to defray their expenses to their
homos.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I have some further amend-
ments to offer from the Committee on Indian
Affairs which are not in the printed amend-
ments. I-move to add the following as anew
section :
A:idbeit further enacted. That the "President bo,
and he is hereby, authorized to discontinue any ono
or more of the Indian superintendences, and .to
require the Indian agents ofsuchsuporintendonc.es
to report directly to the Commissioner ot Indian
Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following.iniend-
! lent from the Committee on Indian Affairs as
additional sections:
And he it further enacted, That the act approved
March 3.1S63. entitled "An act for tho removal oi
the Suselun, Wahpcton, Mcdawakanton. Wah
pakoota bands oi teioux or i)akot:i Indians,^ndtor
the disposition of their lands in Minnesota  nd l a,
kota,"be so amended a? to make the Proceeds of
sale of the reservations m said act ordered M « s««l
applicable alike to all the leservations upon which
Medawakanton and V.'abpakoota and bisseton -lid
Wahpcton have been or may hereaitei bo locatea.
jTulbr it further enacted, That said proceeds; si11
be distributed and paid equitaoly to the said ,lands
in proportion to their numbers, under tho an cotton
of thoiSccrctaryolthc Interior: /'romded That this
provision shall apply only to tho funas to bo horopter
distributed.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator
who offers this amendment that he modify tae
! concluding paragraph ot it so as to read :
That said proceeds shall bo distrmutcd and paid
equitably to the said Indians m .Proportion to thur
, numbers, under the direction oi the Societal jot tlio
Interior, and in accordance wuh c^.ibtm0 ia.o. ^
I think that would answer the purpose muen
' better than the phraseology of the amendment
, as offered. • .,./• ti
Mr. HA ULAN. That is a substitute for the
latter clause.
Mr. RAMSEY. The final clause,
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that.
* Mr POMEROY. Itsays " paid equitably.
That gives a discretion to pay one more and
one less. Why not say "paid equally?"
Mr. HARLAN. There are four bands of
these Indians. Heretofore two or three of those
bands have been provided for by special acts
from year to year, and this is intended to make
it permanent, so that the members of each band
will draw from this time forward their propor-
tion of the annuities. It makes no additional
appropriation, but merely regulates the distri-
bution of money to which the tribe is entitled
to the different bands.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should say to the Sen-
ator from Kansas that "equitably" means
"equally," of course generally, but there may
be some special reasons why the money ought
not to be divided equally on every occasion;
and henee the phrase "equitably" is better,
under the discretion of the Secretary of the
Interior. Suppose some one of the bands was
to absent itself and engage in a foray, its dis-
tributive share might be withheld.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Iowa accept the amendment of
the Senator from Minnesota as a modification
of his own?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir; I accept it.
Mr. PQJIERO Y. 1 do not know any of the
facts. I will not insist on any change.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have not the
slightest doubt that there has been a very in-
teresting conversation on the other side ot the
Chamber ; but as it was not addressed to the
Chair, and apparently not to the Senate, I
labor under the misfortune of not knowing
what it was about. I should like to have the
amendment reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment, as modified, will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Jndian Affairs, in
the. first place, whether that makes any appro-
priation from the Treasury? I infer it does
not.
Mr. HARLAN. None whatever.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then am I right
in supposing that it simply relates to the dis-
tribution of the effects?
Mr. HARLAN. That, is all.
Mr. RAMSEY. It relates to the distribu-
tion of the fund realized out of the sale of the
land of these Indians ; that is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of the amendment as
modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following amend-
ment from the Committee on Indian Aftairs:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
tho Interior be, and hereby is, directed to cause to
be investigated and to determine tho claims oi cer-
tain Indians of tho Winnebago tribe now lav.'!ally
residing in tho State of Minnesota; to issue patents
without the right of alienation to those ot them
whom ho shall Imd to bo entitled thereto tor the
lands heretofore allotted to them m severalty or
which may have been designated by them for allot-
ment under the provisions oi tho treaty ratified
March 16 1881, or of an act entitled An act for the
removal of the Winnebago Indians and lor the sale
oi their reservation hi Minnesota tor their bcnciit,
nnr>rovod February 21,1SU3, and which may not have
been sold or disposed of by the United States ; and
in ease of such sale, then puch land as may be heie-
after designated by them for allotment as aiorejaid :
out of any unsold lands within the limits of said Win-
nebago reservation in Minnesota, and should it be
impracticable to make sueli allotments.within the
limits of said reservation on good agricultural land...
then they may be made on any public lands oi the
United States pubj ect to sale at private entry w>. hm
tho State of Minnesota. And tuc said M
Indians and all others being members oi said tribe
lawfully residing in the fatute of Minnesota:shall
hcrealter be entitled to receive their pro rata uis
tributive proportion of all annuities in goods,t money,
or property, and any other moneys to which said
tribe is or may bo entitled under any law or treaty
now in force, at tlioir homes inl Minnesota,, the same
though they had removed West and settled with
the western Winnebagoes.
And be it further cnacted, That if at any time here
after any of the said Indians shall desire to benome
citizens of the United States they shall mak<) appli-
cation to the judge ot the district court ot the United
States lor tho district of Minnesota, and in open
court make the same proof andtake tho same oath
of allegiance as is provided by law for the natural-
ization of aliens, and shall also make proof' to tho
satisfaction of said court that thoy aro sufficiently
intelligent and prudent to control their affairs and
interests, that they have adopted thohabits of civil-
ized life, and liavo for at least five years previous
thereto been ablcto support themselves and families;
be entered of record, and a ccrtilieato thereof given
to said party; on the presentation of the said cer-
tificate to the Secretary of the Interior, with satis-
factory proof of identity, he may at the request of
such person or persons cause the land severally hold
by them to bo conveyed to them toy patent in fee-
sixnplo with power of alienation, rfind may at tho
same time cause to bo paid to them their proportion
of all the moneys and effects of said ttiijo hold in
trust by or under the provision of any treaty or law
of the United States. And on sueh patents boing
issued, and such payments ordered to be made, sueh
persons shall cease to bo members of said tribe, and
thereafter tho lands so patented to them shall bo
subject to levy, taxation, and sale in like manner
with tho property of other citizens.
Mr. RAMSEY. I propose to amend the
amendment by inserting the word _"nown
before the words "lawfully residing," in the
first portion of the amendment. The object is
not to tempt those Indians who are already on
reservations to return to Minnesota. There are
some thirty or forty of them living on their
farms there, and it is to give them a fee simple
where they are entitled to it.
Mr. HARLAN. I have 110 objection to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Iowa accepts the amendment to tho
amendment, and it will be modified accord-
ingly. The question now is on the amendment
of the Senator from Iowa as modified.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hardly know
whether I object to it.. I do not think I know
enough about it to know whether I ought to
object.
Mr. HARLAN. I can explain in a minute
all there is in it. There are some half-breed
Indians—the most of them are mixed bloods—•
residing in Minnesota. They are there with
the consent of the State and the consent of the
Government and of the settlers. This is to
permit them to take land to which they are
entitled under an old treaty, and also to which
they are entitled under a law enacted in 1803,
and to take deeds to it the same as if the tribe
had not been removed from the State. It is to
give them the same rights now that they would
have had under the old treaty if the tribe had
not been sent away. They are to receive the
deeds in the first instance without the power
of alienation ; but if they can show before
the distiiet court of the United States their
capacity to take care of their own affairs, and
can show that they have done so for a series
of years, they can then take the title infee
simple and become citizens of.the United
States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
object? To have these people become citi-
zens of Minnesota ?
Mr. RAMSEY. I will explain, if the Sen-
ator from lowa will ailow me. On the general
removal by the Government, in 1863 of the
Winnebago nation, as we learned in the dis-
cussion the other day, some few of those most
advanced in agriculture remained there with
the consent of the settlers, although the peo-
ple were very much irritated against the tribe
at the time, and some few after their removal
to Nebraska returned again to Minnesota. _ It
L am correctly informed, some twenty or thirty
of them settled as fanners, and_ were quiet,
orderly people. These people wish to dena-
tionalize themselves, to withdraw from the tribe
and become citizens of the United States, to
cease all tribal connection with the Winnebago
nation. Thev are settled upon these lands.
The object of the amendment is to give tbem
a title'in severalty, so as to induce them to
becomegood farmers and good citizens; arn tbe
chairman of the Committee on In 'Lmmittee'
with the consent, I presume, ofthat; committee,
has introduced a further
ralization of these Indians befoie the United
