1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1301
ofthe Augustan age have been equaled in many
an Irish forum before the shamrock and harp
yielded to the banner of St. George. Upon
'everV field, and in the vail where valor charged
to death and victory, the sons of the Emerald
Isle lmve been found battling for liberty and
freedom; and when their native cause was lost,
and their own hopes shattered, they have wan-
dered far from their household gods to battle
bravelv in defense of others ; and but recently
in our own war, and on both sides, they have
illustrated the best deeds of their national
character, and many ofthe bravest chiefs and
most brilliant soldiers were Irishmen. Their
blood has purpled the battle-fields of almost
everv nation, their eloquence has echoed
through the world, and there never was a strug-
gling nation ora suffering people but has felt the
power of their aid. Well might Napoleon say,
■'Willi Irish soldiers and French officers I could
conquer the world.
I ;un aware, Mr. Speaker, that I have a field
for my sympathy nearer home, in my own State,
where the hand ofthe oppressor weighs heavy
on my people. There lor years have my con-
stituents been downtrodden and oppressed as
a people have seldom been, and that, too, in
the name of republican liberty. Would to
God I could raise my voice with more avail in
their behalf, and so relieve them of the burden
under which they now suffer. But if charity
does begin at home, I have some left to my fel-
low-sufferers, especially Irishmen abroad.
Mr. CAVANAUGI1. How much time
have I?
The SPEAKER. Five minutes. To whom
does the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Swaxn] yield ?
Mr. SWANN. To the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Calkin.]
Mr. CALKIN. 1 cheerfully yield to the
gallant Delegate from Montana.
Mr. CA VAN A UGH. Mr. Speaker, I cor-
dially aud earnestly thank the gendeman from
New York for allowing me the few moments
allotted to him in the discussion of this very
important and vital question as to the rights
of American citizens in English prisons. I
would not have participated in this debate had
it not been for the extraordinary speech made
bv the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. WiL-
lard,] the first and only volunteer champion
of England and her tyranny upon the floor of
un American Congress. I would not have
been astonished had a speech fallen from the
lips of any other Representative from any of
the New England States, but coming from him
especially my mind goes back to the earlier
and bet'.er days of the Republic when the only
qualifications for office were education, fitness,
character, integrity, and patriotism, regardless
of birthplace, blood, or religion.
Permit me to remind the gentleman from
Vermont that before the crimsoned tints of the
terrible battle-field of Bennington had been
bleached by time, when the name of Ethan
Allen was echoed from every hill-top and from
every valley in the Green Mountain State, and
Ions before the name of Stark had lost its
power as the rallying-cry of the patriots of the
devolution, the American and Irish Fenians
ot that day elected to Congress, in the very
district which the gentleman now represents, a
native born Irishman, then imprisoned as a
criminal for daring to utter his honest senti-
ments against the policy of the administration
of the elder Adams—the gallant and heroic
Matthew Lyon. By the operation of the in-
famous alien and sedition laws this revolution-
ary patriot, like the American prisoners now
perishing in English jails, preferred his man-
hood and his love of liberty to the blandish-
ments of power ; and the people of his district,
hke the gallant yeomanry of Tipperary in the
recent, election of the 0' Donovan Rossa to the
bnu;-h Parliament, sent him as a rebuke to his
oppressors to represent them in the Congress
Ot the Union.
l'he gentleman from Vermont has seen fit to
I
! step out of his way to assail as pure, as honest,
j and as Christian a gentleman as ever minis-
■ tered at the altar of God—I allude to Father
McMahon. I have known him long, well, and
intimately, butlknewhimalwaysasan humble,
quiet, pious, and unpretending minister of his
Master. The gentleman from Vermont has
seen fit to interpolate into his speech a letter
from one T. J. O'Neill, chairman of directors
of penitentiaries at Montreal or elsewhere in
the provinces, to the editor of the Ottawa Citi-
zen, denying the charges made by Father Mc-
Mahon at his recent reception at Cooper Insti-
tute, in New York, as to the treatment received
! by hiin while incarcerated in a British prison-
i pen. But though the solemn oath of the author
of the letter had been affixed thereto I would
not have believed it as against the simple word
of this pious priest. Like everything that ema-
nates from a British official it bears upon its
face the indelible stamp of fraud, treachery,
, falsehood, and deceit.
The gentleman from Vermont has unjustly
and ungenerously endeavored to give this ques-
tion a political aspect, and wonders why the
Irish never did or will indorse his party. I can
tell the gentleman from Vermont why the Irish
people in this country have always affiliated
with the Democratic party. It is because in
i three of the New England .States prior to the
! war no Irishman, particularly if he were a
Catholic, had any rights which a live Yankee
was bound to respect. Though the Constitu-
tion of the United States clothes me with all
the rights and privileges to attain and fill the
highest office in the land, the narrow-minded
laws of New Hampshire forbid me on account
of my religious faith to even sit in the lower
branch of her Assembly. Prior to the late war,
although the laws of the United States clothed
my father with the rights of citizenship after
five years' residence, yet by the bigoted laws
ofthe Commonwealth of Massachusetts he was
compelled toreside two years more after he had
become a citizen of the United States before he
became a citizen of Massachusetts.
An Irishman, though a citizen of the Com-
monwealth wherein i was born, steps across
the Seekonk river, the stream which separates
Massachusetts from the State of"' Rhode Island
and Providence Plantations"—which State
could be lost in one corner of the county where
I make my home—and unless he owned $132
worth of land and gravel in that magnificent
section he would possess no political rights
whatever, and no social rights except those of
labor and toil.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is another reason
why we of the Irish race cannot affiliate with
! the party which the gentleman from Vermont
| represents. Our truest and sincerest friends—
; I say " our," for although " native and to the
; manner born," by parentage, education, and
j sympathy I am thoroughly Irish—have always
, been the Democratic party, from the adminis-
| tration of Jefferson to the present hour.
Again, I would tell the gentleman from Ver-
mont—and I trust, Mr. Speaker, you will not
bring down the gavel just yet—we once had a
minister to the Court of St. James, Mr. Rufus
King, of New York, who occupied that dis-
tinguished and responsible position during the
Presidency of the elder Adams. After the
terrible disaster of the Irish rebellion of 1798,
when seventy thousand Irishmen gave up their
lives in freedom's cause; when the gallows
claimed its thousand victims ; when the Irish
patriot became the English outlaw, and when
the blazing roof-tree was the only light that
guided his fleeing footsteps amid the mountain
fastnesses, in his flight from the crushing weight
of British tyranny, then it was that this Ameri-
can minister refused to give his consent to the
expatriation and emigration to this country of
such men as Arthur O'Connor, the father of
the distinguished and eminent lawyer, Charles
O'Connor, of New York, Thomas Addis Em-
mett, William James McNevin, and the accom-
plished and learned Mr. Samson.
Now, a few facts, Mr. Speaker, from history.
These Irish patriots whom I have named had
entered into an arrangement with the English
ministry, while State prisoners in thedungeons
of Fort George, in the north of Scotland,
whereby they were to be permitted to emigrate
to any country they might select, provided thev
never again set foot on English soil. Now.
Mr. Speaker, I ask what country, and among
what people, would such patriots have beeii
likely to cast their lot? America had just
ended a struggle for liberty, and had written
its watchward in the Declaration of Independ-
ence. The Irish hearts of these patriots went
out longingly and lovingly,panting for freedom,
and selected this land of ours for their haven
and tkeir resting-place. In this reasonable
hope they were frustrated, and made to drink
again the "bitter waters of Marah."
Application was made to Mr. King for his
consent that these gentlemen might go forth
from their dungeons and embark for America.
To the shame and disgrace of our country and
its history, Mr. Rufus King, minister of a free
people at the British Court, peremptorily and
barbarously refused to accede to their request.
Like my friend from Vermont, he justified his
action by stating that "'he wanted no more
Irish Republicans in the United States." Per-
mit me, Mr. Speaker, for the information of
the House, to quote from the celebrated letter
of Thomas Addis Emmett to Mr. Rufus King,
of date April 9, 1807, in which he says:
" Your interference was then, sir, made the pretext
of detaining us for four years in custody, by which
very extensive and useful plans of settlement within
these State* were broken up. The misfortunes which
you brought upon the objects of your persecution
were incalculable. Almost all of us wasted four of
the best years of our lives in prison.
"As to uie, I shou'd have brought along with mo
my father and his family, including a brother, whose
name perhaps even you will not read without emo-
tions of sympathy and respect. Uther3 nearly con-
nected with me would have become partners in my
emigration. But all of them have been torn from
mo. I have been prevented from saving a brother,
from receiving the dying blessingsof afaiher, mother
and sister, and from soothing their last agonies by
my cares; and this, sir, by your unwarrantable and
unfeeling interference."
This was the act of Mr. Adams's minister
at the Court of St. James. How different the
conduct of Mr. Jefferson, the successor of Mr.
Adams, and the first Democratic President!
He earnestly and cordially invited these dis-
tinguished gentlemen, representatives of the
Irish race, to a home and the protection of our
laws. Each and all of them accepted the
proffered hospitality of the author of the Dec-
laration of Independence, and paid it and re-
paid it by their eminent services, devotion, and
loyalty to the laws, Constitution, and country
of their adoption.
There are other reasons, Mr. Speaker, why
the Irish are attached to the Democratic party,
albeit I insist that this question ought to be
considered apartfrom the influence of politics.
The blackened walls of the ruined convent of
St. Ursula stand as a monument to the disgrace
ofthe Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The
hellish spirit of hate, manifested not only to
the Irish, but to all other adopted citizens of
foreign birth, particularly those of the Catholic
faith, during the terrible years of 1852, 1853,
1854, and 1855, by the mobs at New Orleans and
St. Louis, by the massacre at Louisville, by
the church-burnings in Philadelphia, and by the
outrages which shock humanity and disgrace
the land, seems to find warm lodgment in the
heart of the gentleman from Vermont. But
amid all these trying scenes and persecutions
the Democratic leaders and masses were the
friends, defenders, and advocates of my race
and people. They alone lifted up their voice
in condemnation of the bigotry ot which these
persecutions were born. Is it strange, in view
of all these facts, that the Irish should be true
and loyal to that party which has ever been
their steadfast friend ?
The want of time, Mr. Speaker, forbids me
to speak of Ireland and the Irish as I would
wish. From the hour that the scoundrel
