1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5071
for the Alameda road through certain lands in
California;
A bill (S. No. 704) for the relief of Alex-
ander C. Twining; and
A bill (S. No. 790) for the relief of John
Tyler.
The message also announced that the House
-had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tion, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
" A bill (H. R. No. 1781) for the relief of
Francis M. Strong and Thomas Rosa ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2354) for the relief of
Vassar College;
A bill (H. 11. No. 2355) for the relief of
Pierpont Seymour, of East Bloomfield;
A bill (H. R. No. 2356) for the relief of
Stephen Hall;
A bill (H. R. No. 2357) for the relief of
Jacob J. Anderson; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 335) granting
four pieces of condemned cannon to the city
of Lowell for the ornamentation of the sol-
diers' monument in that place.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; and they were thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore, of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 297) to constitute Omaha, in
the State of Nebraska, a port of delivery; and
A bill (S. No. 713) for the relief of preemp-
tion settlers in the State of Nebraska.
amendments to appropriation* bill.
Mr. HAMLIN and Mr. ROBERTSON sub-
mitted amendments intended to be proposed
to the bill (H. R. No. 2165) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1871, and
for other purposes; which were referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
tax bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2045) to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes, the pending question being on
the amendment of Mr. Bayard, to insert as an
additional section the following :
Andbe it further enacted. That hereafter there shall
be annually deducted and withheld by the Treasurer
of the United States five percent, of all moneys pay-
able as interest upon the public debt of tho United
States, the same being hereby imposed as a tax upon
the property represented by tho bonds heretofore
issued under the laws of the United States.
Mr. BAYARD. Before the vote is taken
on the amendment I desire that the question
shall be fully and fairly made before the Sen-
ate and before the country.
The great object of government istheprotec-
tion of person and property. For the expenses
incurred in procuring this protection there must
be a contribution by the labor of the individuals,
and a contribution by_ the property itself, for
the benefit that it receives. These are the two
great correlative duties: upon the part of the
Government, protection ; upon the part of the
property and the citizens, contribution and
remuneration for that protection.
Now, sir, it has ple'ased the Senate at its
present session to abolish the tax known as the
income tax—a tax of some five per cent,
upon all the incomes, gains, and profits of
every individual, from whateversource derived,
as a measure of his or their proper contribu-
tion toward the expenses of carrying on this
Government. I will not now detain the Sen-
ate by reiterating any one of the many reasons
why that tax was onerous, unjust, inquisitorial,
and, worse than all, in my opinion, unconsti-
tutional. The Senate has, as I think, wisely,
agreed that, as to the income tax, the law which
existed up to the 31st of December, 1869, shall
be in force no longer.
The Senator from Ohio, the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, bewailed the abro-
gation of this income tax for the reason that
the bonds oi the United States, the $1,000,-
000,000 of accumulated wealth represented by
the bonds held in this country, would thereby
escape from all taxation, because the law cre-
ating these obligations had distinctly declared
that they should be exempt from State and
municipal taxation. That is the whole ex-
emption of these bonds ; and it is to my mind
a most unjust proposition that this vast body
of accumulated wealth should be saved from
all contribution toward the expenses laid so
heavily on every other species of property
throughout the country. No State may tax
them; no municipality may tax them; and they
shall, therefore, according to the doctrine ot'
some of their especially constituted friends, be
free altogether. Sir, there is neither justice,
nor equity, nor law in that proposition. I pro-
pose that there should be a fair and reasonable
contribution by this vast amount of accumu-
lated property toward the expenses of that
Government that gives it any value at all. The
amount proposed by the amendment I have
suggested is no greater than that which existed
in the law we have just repealed.
It has been said that taxes must be uniform.
What is meant by that? Not that they shall
be equal upon each individual, but that they
shall be uniform throughout all sections. The
language of the Constitution is, " uniform
throughout the United States,'' and not as my
honorable friend, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance, said the other day, that the
objection to levying a tax on these bonds
themselves, or on the property they represent,
was that it could not be executed because it
would not be uniform. Sir, that is not an
answer. This is not a provision in conflict with
any provision of the Constitution of the United
States. The uniformity of taxation simply
means that it shall run the same way through-
out the entire dominion of the United States.
That is all.
I profess myself as perfectly free from the
intent and desire to do injustice to any one
species of property as to another. I voted for
the repeal of the income tax, because by a
series of what I consider unjust exemptions
you were throwing the whole of that tax upon
a very small body of men who were the capital-
ists of the nation. It was a discrimination
against property, which, to my mind, is just as
reprehensible as to make that other and dem-
agogical appeal for a discrimination in favor
of the poorer classes. I am not prepared for
either. I am prepared for a system of equal
taxation; and if any man can tell me that we
do not upon any other property that we own
pay a tax more than equal to five per cent.,
counting our State, municipal, and Federal
taxation, direct and indirect, then I shall hold
myself exceedingly mistaken.
Mr. THURMAN. This is five per cent, on
the income.
Mr. BAYARD. That, of course, is under-
stood, five per cent, on the income of these
bonds; and I here aver that a man who owns
$100,000 of Government bonds from which he
derives $6,000 per annum in gold, and who
will have to pay, by my proposition, a tax of
five per cent, on that income, will pay less of
his just contribution to the Government than
is imposed on any of the rest of us who may
have our property invested in State securities
or in tho securities of private corporations, or
any other species of piopeity.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
duty of the Chair to remind the Senator that
debate is limited to five minutes by each Sen-
ator on each amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is not a very large
amount of novelty in this proposition, for it is
one that my friend's party has been advancing
now for four or five years ; it has been to the
people upon it once, fully and squarely ; and
the people have pronounced distinctly upon it
ill all the sections of the country where I am
acquainted, and where I have resided. But
there is something more than a mere question
of popularity about this. There is, il it is not
unlawful to say so, a higher law which ought
to govern responsible men, men who have in
their hands the duty of protecting the honor of
the State, which seems to me to control this
subject entirely. What is the proposition ? Let
me read it:
That hereafter thero shall bo annually deducted
and withheld by the Treasurer of tho United States
five per cent, of all moneys payable as interest upon
the public debt of the United States,'tho same being
hereby imposed as a tax upon the property repre-
sented by the bonds heretoioro issued under the laws
of the United States.
You will perceive, therefore, that it is a prop-
osition to tax bonds heretofore issued, and no
others. It is a proposition to take out of the
sum we have borrowed and have promised to
pay a certain portion of that sum. In other
words, it is, as it states on the face of it, a
direct proposition to refuse to do that which
we have promised to do, which was to pay
back the principal and the interest upon it at
a certain rate. Now, the Treasurer of the
United States is directed to repudiate so far
that obligation, and to hold the money that the
faith of the nation has pledged to pay, under
the color, under the ornamentation of calling
it " a tax upon the property represented by the
bonds." What "property" is "represented
by the bonds?" A debt of the United States;
a debt that the nation owes to creditors who
have loaued it money. Therefore, as it states
expressly and truly on the face of it, the prop-
osition is to take out a part of the debt of
money that we have borrowed from a creditor,
and to say we will tax that debt and hold on
to the money. Suppose we were to propose
that same proposition on a State debt, and say
to the creditors of the State of New York or
the State of Delaware (if there are any cred-
itors of that State) that the State of Delaware
and the State of New York will hold on to a
certain proportion of that debt which our will
fixes, because if you have the power to take
it out at all you have the power to take it out
to any extent that you please; and if you think
the creditor loaned his money or bought his
bonds at a rate too high, when gold was 200,
if you please, then tax hiin, as you call it, in-
stead of five per cent, one hundred per ceut.
of the interest, take it all, and that has been
proposed. If we have the power there is no
limit to it, and we can take it all.
The history of civiliz#d government does not
show, in my opinion—I think I am safe in say-
ing it—anywhere a precedent for a perform-
ance of this kind. Now, is it constitutional,
to say nothing of its dishonor? You may im-
pose taxes, but if you impose a direct tax upon
a specific species of property allover the Union,
you must impose it not upon persons, but upon
States according to population. What is this
but a direct tax? It differs widely from the
incomo tax, which taxed a class of industry
everywhere, which might be greater or less
according to the power of the individual to
earn money. But here you say that a partic-
ular species of property that any man has, put-
ting it upon the theory of my friend from Del-
aware, shall have a direct and specific sum
taken out of it annually. Can you do that?
Then you can impose a poll-tax, and say that
every State shall pay upon the head of eaoh
man so much directly, upon every white man
so much, if you please ; upon every child under
fifteen years of age so much. Will that do?
Of coursc not. The proposition is totally un-
tenable, both as a proposition of constitutional
law in the form in which it stands, and still
higher and stronger is the objection to it that
it is a direct repudiation of the positive prom-
ise of the Government, when it has borrowed
money to repay it with a specific rate of interest.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to ask my
honorable friend from Vermont a question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know that I have
got time to answer it under tho rule.
Mr. BAYARD, it is simply this : how can
he, under the proposition which he states, vote
i as lie did and us his friends in this Chamber
