1302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1
"Strongbow," in 1172, first Bet his accursed
foot upon the soil of Ireland until the present
hour, her history has been one long, sad drama
of desolation, misery, and despair. It pre-
sents the ''bloodiest picture in the book of
time.1' By the law of England it was death
for the father to educate the child. A premium
was offered for apostasy. The laws enacted
by England for the government of Ireland
were the' most infamous that ever disgraced
the statute-books of a civilized country. In
the language of Burke, they were " the refine-
ment of human cruelty." Yet, amid all these
long, weary, and desolating years of persecu-
tion and tyranny, Ireland has produced a race
of men stalwart as statesmen, warriors, artists,
and scholars, and who challenge the admira-
tion of the world.
I might, Mr. Speaker, even in our own day
and generation, allude to the gallant Nugent of
Austria, the hero of Magenta and Solferiuo,
wlio_ saved his army from utter annihilation.
I might mention McMahon and McNeil, of
France, and beg leave to add the name of the
Republican chieftain, Cavaignac. There is a
roll of honor ofother illustrious Irishmen whom
it was my pride and privilege to know twenty-
twoy ears since—Smi th 0' Brien, Charles Gavan
Duffy; the young and gifted Thomas Devin
Riley; the more than gifted Thomas Davis, the
poet of his age and patriot of his time; honest
J ohn Martin, and equally honest John Mitchell;
John Savage, always the true Irishman, and
now head of the Fenian organization in this
country, brave and fearless ; and last but not
least, Thomas Francis Meagher, he of the silver
tongue and lion heart.
The gentleman from Vermont in all his re-
marks has 8fien fit to sneer at everything Irish.
He has dragged Fenianism iuto this discus- '
sion, where itdid not legitimately belong. Fen-
ianism will live long after the gentleman will
have perished and have been forgotteu. It is
an organization whose strength and power he ,
knows nothing of, and it has no other watch- I
Tford orotheraim than liberty to the oppressed. |
Now, Mr. Speaker, what, have the Irish done
that the gentleman from Vermont should be
so incensed against? Does his malevolence
date from the time when Corcoran headed
the gallant sixty-ninth at the memorable field
of Bull Run, and with the aid of the Rhode
Islanders saved Washington from capture? Or i
•was it when the Irish brigade, five thousand i
stroBg, entered the service of the Union, fought j
thrdugh the.battles' for the preservation of the
nation's life, and came out less than half a
thousand mAimed and crippled soldiers? Was
it at the carnage of the memorable seven
days' fight in the Wilderness; ait Fredericks-
burg, at Chancellorsville, in the Chickahominy
swamps, at Fair Oaks, at Gettysburg, at An-
tietam, at Shiloh, at Vicksburg, at Lookout
Mountain, at Atlanta, at Nashville, at Sher-
man's march to the sea, and every other battle-
field, where the blood of Irishmen was freely
shed in the cause of the Union ?
Ab, Mr. Speaker, let us be honest and truth-
ful. In the great national baptism of blood,
no people contributed more generously tban
did the Irish, and for them I ask but simple
justice. Do*a the gentleman from Vermont
think that Phil. Sheridan blushes for the Irish
blood that courses in his veins? If he does,
he had better ask that gallant soldier, and
receive his answer. It might prove to him a
wholesome lesson.
, I urge the passage of this resolution, Mr.
bpeaker, not only in behalf of the American
prisoners in the English bastiles, but I ask it
in vindication of American honor. I ask it
that we may show to the world that the words
* I am an American citizen'' shall be as poten-
tial and powerful in the present day as was the
declaration '• I am a Roman citizen," during
the glory of that ancient republic. Say to the
President of the United States, by this reso-
^ue I ese toqu'ries; ascertain the
> *nd lf the charges against the Gladstcmian
Bomba ministry be true; if these men have
been unjustly tried, unlawfully convicted, and
inhumanly treated, then demand their imme-
diate release, let the consequences be what
they may." I favor the immediate release
ot all these prisoners—Qalpine, an eminent
soldier of the late war for the suppression of
the rebellion, Burke, O'Connell, and all their
associates.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The hour of the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Swann] has expired,
j Mr. BANKS. I desire to make one remark.
, My colleague on the Committee on Foreign
1 Affairs, the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
, Orth,} intended to address the House on this
; question, but has been detained by illness, and
he will take another opportunity to present his
i' views to the House.
j Leave to print remarks on the pending
question wasgranted,by unanimous consent, to
Mr. Mayham, Mr. Eldridge, Mr. Morgan,
Mr. Jokes of Kentucky, Mr. Willard, Mr.
Stiles, Mr. Kellogg, and Mr. Mungen.
The remarks of Messrs. Mayham, Eldridge,
Morgan, and Stiles are as follows:
Mr. MAYHAM. Mr. Speaker, I agree most
cordially with the gentlemen who have pre-
ceded me in this debate that there can scarcely
arise in this House.a question of more import-
ance than the one embraced in this resolution.
There is no higher duty that can devolve upon
the American Congress than that of defending
and protecting the liberty of an American citi-
j zen, whether native or adopted. That there
j are now confined in British prisons adopted
. American citizens seems to be conceded, not I
only by the resolution reported from the Com-
; mittee on Foreign Affairs, but also by all who
have participated in this discussion, and that
i fact alone is sufficient reason for my vote in
support of this resolution.
I have no time to enter upon a general dis*
] cussion of the merits of this resolution.
In the proudest days of the Roman empire
it was the bulwark of defense of the liberty of
the citizen that he was a citizen of Rome. That
| title gave him protection in all parts of the
| world. Nor has the proud title of Ameri-
can citizen been less potential than that of a
citizen of Rome in the protection of American
citizens. The American flag has ever hitherto
been the passport to all parts of the world
of an American citizen, and whenever he
could claim that proud title he was secure from
any assault either upon his person or property.
This right was defended in the contest with
Great Britain in the war of 1812, and the doc-
trine that Great Britain could not with impu-
nity violate the liberty of the American citizen
was then as was supposed forever settled
between this country and England.
The pretense that oar Irish adopted citizens
are imprisoned because of some sympathy
which .they have felt or expressed in behalf
of the struggling Irish, iu their efforts to liber-
ate that downtrodden nation from English
thralldom, is no reason why this Government
should not in all proper ways reach out her
arm in defense of the rights of adopted Amer-
ican citizens abroad. It is the duty of this
Governmentto know the cause ofthis imprison-
ment, and if not upon sufficient cause it is the
imperative duty of the President to demand the
liberation of these political prisoners ; and if
that demand is not acceded to, it will be the
duty of the United States to enforce this demand
with all the power of the nation, and compel
the British Government at the mouth of the can • j
non, as they were compelled in 1812, to yield
to the just demands of this country.
Sir, a firm and decided policy on the part of
this Government will result in the liberation ;
of such of onr adopted citizens as are now >
improperly held in British prisons, and that,
too, in my judgment, without an effusion of
blood. But, sir, rather than forego the right jj
and duty of defending the liberty of American !
citizens, it is the duty of this Congress and this !'
Government to lay upon the aitar of the Gov
ernment any sacrifice of blond and trpasm-
' that may be necess.iry to vindicate the libert--
! of the American citizen from any and even-
infraction on the part of Great, Britain.
I shall therefore vote for this resolution, ami
most earnestly hope it, will be adopted bv thU
House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, this reso
lution does not quite meet my views. I would
have preferred some more decisive action of
! the House. The original resolution, as pre-
' sen ted by the gentleman from New Y ork, would
. have suited me better; but I am anxious that
something should be done. This resolution ih
better than nothing. I am willing to vote'for
this or anything else that may by any possi-
bility tend to the amelioration of the unhappy
| condition of these political prisoners now and
j so long suffering in British prisons. Too I on".
: far too long, has Congress, in my judgment^
I neglected to take action upon this subject.'
j Could we have looked in upon their dungeons
| and sufferings as they have been described our
| hearts could not fail to have been moved and
j our sympathies and efforts enlisted in their
, behalf This House is not free from blame
for this neglect.
None of us who were members of the last
Congress can have forgotten the persistent,
unremitted efforts of the gentleman who then
represented the Brooklyn district, (now repre-
sented by ray distinguished friend, General S lo-
cum,) of the State of New York, (Mr. Robin
son.) With energy and earnestness did he
plead that something might be done, some
action taken, some remonstrance, some protest
made by the Government in behalf of these
wasting and dying men. All that was done
in response to his eloquent pleading was to
refer resolutions to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs ; and there, sir, they were buried ; tlmt
committee was their grave. And so far as this
j House is concerned, so far, at all events, as I
;; have any knowledge, not one thing has been
' done, not onestep has been taken to any effect ;
lj and these men have been permitted to languish
ij and die.
' Sir, if there be an obligation higher than all
i others resting upon civilized States and nations
j that which obliges the Government to protect,
;i its individual citizens from the wrongs and
oppressions of foreign nations is the highest.
It makes no difference in that respect whether
, the citizen is born or made such by and under
, the laws of the Government. The rights of
■ each and the duty of the Government toward
' them are the same. Upon this protection rests
alone the duty of allegiance. It is the inspiring
motive of patriotism.
Support of the Government by the citizen
I and protection of the citizen by the Govern-
j ment are reciprocal duties and obligations,
j The one is no more extensive than the other.
! Both are the fundamental objects and purposes
i in the establishment of political association
j and government. The burdens and obligations
| of government are assumed for the purpose
of being protected in life, liberty,and property.
This the Government on its part undertakes
, and is bound to do. Not to protect the citizen
right or wrong—no one claims this; no one
J pretends that the citizen of this Government,
by virtueof his citizenship, can claim immunity
for crimes committed against foreign nations
npon_ their soil, within their dominions. But
the citizen charged is entitled to fair trial, just
judgment and punishment, without discrimina-
tion against him on account of his nationality
or former relations to other nations, in accord-
ance with the just sense of enlightened civiliza-
tion, which is the law of nations. It is the
duty of this Government, in behalf of all its
citizens, to see that those rights are maintained
at all hazards and under all circumstances.
This responsibility is resting upon us. and we
cannot escape it. Charges that these rights
have been violated in the trial, conviction, and
punishment of these prisoners have long been
