288
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 19,
Senate.
State of Georgia—Mr. Trumbull.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
That was the first election—
" shall commence on the Tuesday after the first Mon-
day in November, unless otherwise provided by law."
Notice the words, "otherwise provided by-
law. "
"The members of the Senate shall bo elected for
four years, except that the members elected at the
first election from the twenty-two senatorial districts
numbered in this constitution with odd numbers
shall only hold their office for two years. The mem-
bers of the house of representatives shall be elected
for two years. The election for members of the Gen-
eral Assembly shall begin on Tuesday after the first
Monday in November of every second year, except
the first election, which shall be within sixty days
after the adjournment of this convention; but tho
General Assembly may by law change the time of
election, and the members shall hold until their suc-
cessors are elected and qualified.
"The first meeting of theGeneral Assembly shall be
within ninety days after the adjournment of this
convention, after which it shall meet annually on
the second Wednesday in January, or on such other
day as the General Assembly may prescribe."
Mr. HOWARD. The first meeting of the
General Assembly is to be within sixty days.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is "ninety" in the
print I have before me. It may be a misprint.
Now, Mr. President, although the election
is to take place every second year on the Tues-
day after the first Monday in November, unless
otherwise provided by law, and although all
the members of the house and half of the sen-
ate are to be elected every two years, and the
Legislature is to meet on the second Wednesday
of January, it is insisted that under the author-
ity to change the time of the election the
Legislature may postpone the election from the
Tuesday after the first Monday in November
indefinitely; and inasmuch as the members of
the Legislature are to hold over until their
successors are elected and qualified, it is in-
sisted that the members once in will continue
to hold, and the Legislature may put off the
election as long as it pleases. That at first
blush strikes one as a most extraordinary con-
struction, and one which would make the con-
stitution anti-republican. The constitution is
not to have such construction if it is suscepti-
ble of any other. It is clearly and manifestly
susceptible of another, and one which will give
effect to all of its provisions. To give it the
construction contended for would do away with
those parts of the constitution which declare
the members shall be elected for two years, the
senators and the Governor for four years, and
that an election shall be held every second
year. Those clauses would all be meaningless
if the Legislature by changing the time of elec-
tion could prolong the terms of office indefi-
nitely.
But it is asked what is meant by the power
to change the time of election? Why, sir,
there is simply meant by it just as much as is
meant in the Constitution of the United States
when it declares that members of the House
of Representatives shall be elected every
second year, atod that the Legislatures of the
States may fix the time, place, and manner
of the election; provided that Congress may
change them if it thinks proper, except as to
the place. Did anybody ever suppose that
under that clause the Legislature of a State
could postpone an election for Representatives
to Congress indefinitely, or that Congress
could do it ? This clause in the constitution
of Georgia authorizing a change of the time
of election means that the day of election may
be changed from the Tuesday after the first
Monday of November to any other day within
the period, within the two years. The election
may be held on the firstMonday of December, or
the first Monday of August, at any time within
the period, and not going beyoad it.
^But, says the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Ixoward, J if that is the construction, why put
in these words, "the members shall hold until
their successors are elected and qualified?"
Sir, is not the reason obvious? In the first
place, the first Legislature that was elected was
elected in April, 1868, and it was to hold until
the second Wednesday of January, 1871, nearly
three years, because of the irregular time at
which the first election occurred. But all the
members ofall the Legislatures are to hold until
when? They are to hold until their successors
are elected and qualified. And when are their
successors to be elected and qualified ? Accord-
ing to the Georgia constitution, the election
takes place on the Tuesdayafter the first Mon-
day in November, and the Legislature is to
meet on the second Wednesday of January.
Suppose that a Legislature is elected for
Georgia on the Tuesdayafter the first Monday
of November next, and suppose the Governor
of Georgia convenes its Legislature in extra
session on the first Monday in December, what
Legislature will meet? In some States tliey
have had a controversy in such eases as that.
This constitution fixes it. The present Legis-
lature will meet. They are to hold until their
successors are elected and qualified, and they
cannot qualify until the regular time for their
meeting under the constitution comes, the
second Wednesday in January; and all that
this provision means is simply to settle that
question. The present Legislature is to hold
until their successors are not only elected in
November next, but until they qualify on the
second Wednesday of January next, and, inter-
mediate, the present members of the Legisla-
ture are to hold. There is the meaning of the
words, " until their successors are elected and
qualified."
Mr. HOWARD. Is the time fixed when
they are to qualify?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The time is fixed when
the Legislature of the State meets, because the
constitution of the State says they shall meet
on the second Wednesday of January, and they
cannot qualify until they meet, and if there is an
extraordinary session intermediate between the
time of the election and the second Wednes-
day of January it must be a session of the
old and not of the newly-elected members. It
seems to me that this is all very plain and very
clear, and that there is really no ambiguity
about the constitution. I take it that, under
the constitution of the State of Georgia, its
Legislature has no more right to prolong its
existence by a change of the time of election
than has the Congress of the United States to
prolong the terms of Senators and Represent-
atives by postponing the time when they are
to be elected. But the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Stewart,] who undertakes to argae that
this Legislature may bo prolonged, says that
the Congress of the United States, in Decem-
ber last, required the Legislature of Georgia to
ratify the fifteenth amendment. That is true.
Congress, in December last, passed an act re-
quiring the Legislature of Georgia, originally
organized in July, 1868, to be reorganized.
The members of Congress who were elected
in April, 1868, after the State of Georgia was
admitted by law to representation, came on to
Washington and took their seats in the House
of Representatives and held them all through
the Fortieth Congress. The members to this
body were not elected in time to reach Wash-
ington until Congress had adjourned, in July,
1868, and hence were not admitted at that
time. The Legislature of Georgia in Septem-
ber, 1868, decided that the colored persons
seated in the Legislature were ineligible, and
expelled them, and seated in their places minor-
ity candidates, those who did not get a majority
of the votes. In a republican government,
where the majority rule, the Legislature of
Georgia turned out the majority men and then
put in men who did not get a majority in their
places! That was done in September, 1868.
Congress was dissatisfied with that proceeding,
but it took no action at the session of 1868-69.
The Legislature of Georgia, thus irregularly
organized, assembled again in January, 1869,
under its constitution, and passed a great many
laws. Thus things remained until December,
1869, when Congress passed a law (the Sen-
ators from Georgia never having been admit-
ted to their seats in this body) requiring the
Legislature of Georgia to be reorganized to
ratify the fifteenth amendment. Mind you, sir,
the fifteenth amendment had not been proposed
to the States in 1868, when the Legislature of
Georgia first organized; and mind you, that
the colored men took part in the organization
of the Legislature of Georgia in July, 1868 ;
that they sat in the Legislature for more than
two months, took part in all its proceedings,
and participated in the election of Senators.
They having been expelled, however, Con-
gress passed an act requiring the Legislature
to reorganize, and to turuoutthe minority men,
who were misrepresenting the majority of their
constituents, and reseat in their places the
colored men who had been unlawfully expelled.
It must not be forgotten that there was no law
of Congress authorizing colored men to hold
office ; and there is no provision in the Con-
stitution of the United States on that subject.
So far as the Constitution goes, so far as the
reconstruction acts go, it was perfectly com-
petent for the people of Georgia to exclude
colored men from office. But the constitution
of Georgia authorized colored men to hold
office, as their supreme court decided. Con-
gress, acting upon that construction, directed
that the Legislature should be reorganized, the
colored members be reseated, and that when
thus reorganized it should ratify the fifteenth
amendment. Now, what says the Senator from
Nevada? He says:
"Now, I should like to inquire if the ratification
of the fifteenth amendment, whieh had not been
proposed in 1868, was a condition-precedent, how
there could have_ been a legal Legislature at that
time; how Georgia could at that timo have been
entitled to representation if the ratification of the
fifteenth amendment was a condition-precedent?"
The answer to that is that the ratification of
the fifteenth amendment was not a condition-
precedent in 1868. It was a condition-prece-
dentin 1869. Was the organization imperfect
in 1868 because it, did not do a thing that it
was not required in 1868 to do ? Suppose you
created a railroad corporation or passed a
bank charter in 1868 directing that the com-
pany should be organized in a particular man-
ner, and it did organize in accordance with
your law, and in 1869 you required it to do
something else, then, according to the argu-
ment of the Senator from Nevada, because in
1868 it did not do that thing which you never
required it to do until 1869, therefore the
organization in 1868 was invalid. I think I
need spend no more time upon that argument.
_ But the Senator from Nevada made another
discovery; and what was that? He discovered,
because the ordinance attached to the consti-
tution declared that the persons elected or
appointed by the Legislature of Georgia should
hold their places the same as if appointed by
the General Assembly nest after November,
1868, therefore the members of the Legislature
elected in April, 1868, were to hold their offices
in the same manner as if they were a Legisla-
ture elected next after 1870. Let me read the
provision which the Senator from Nevada read.
The ordinance declares that these officers—
"Shall enter upon the duties of the several offices
to which they have been respectively elected when
authorized so to do by acts of Congress, or by the
order of the general commanding
I have already shown you how that was—
and shall continue in office till tho regular suc-
cession provided for after the year 1868, and until
successors are elected and qualified; so that said
omcers shall, each of them, hold their offices as
though they were clected on the Tuesday after the
first Monday in November, 1868, or elected or ap-
pointed by the General Assembly next thereafter."
Then the Senator from Nevada proceeded
to say;
" Now, when by the constitution was' the election
