1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5079
;that, you incorporated in your Constitution a
■ spurious provision, which repudiated this obli-
gation. And yet gentlemen come here and
speak with a pretense of wounded sensibility
about the sacred faith and honor of the Gov-
ernment being wounded by the proposition of
the honorable Senator from Delaware, which
is liable to no such objection. Sir, let gentle-
.taen take the beam out of their own eye before
they pluck the mote from the eye of their
neighbor.
. Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, the income
tax was a tax levied as a war measure during
the war. It has expired. In my opinion it
would be unconstitutional, so far as it pertains
to the United States bonds, to reenact it now.
I believe that the Supreme Courtof the United
States has decided over and over again that it
is unconstitutional to tax United States bonds
and securities in any form whatever.
We have obtained a loan in the European
markets for $1,000,000,000 of our debt. It
has beeu taken by those people who sympa-
thized with us in maintaining our institutions,
.and who refused to take the confederate loan.
They took our bonds believing that the Union
would be maintained, and that every cent of
this debt would be paid. If we now consent
to tax these bonds five per cent., and thus
establish a precedent, when these confederate
States shall all be restored to the Union, as
they soon will be, and they send here Repre-
sentatives of that opinion, favorable to the
confederate debt, and who desire to tax the
United States debt in order that they may make
it as worthless as confederate paper 
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT, pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Oregon yield?
Mr. CORBETT. I do not If we now levy
a tax of five per cent, upon these bonds, when
those men come here they may tax them fifty
per cent, or seventy-five per cent., and a few
members of the Democratic party from the
North may unite with the Representatives from
the South in order to make our debt as worth-
less as their own confederate money.
Sir, I hope we shall not consent to anything
that will be detrimental to the interests of this
country in now placing a loan upon the market
that will enable us to fund the debt at a lower
rate of interest. If we now impose this tax
of five per cent, upon the bonds it will create
such a feeling in Europe that it will be impos-
sible for us to negotiate a loan abroad. If we
consent to this they will refuse to have any-
thing to do with our bonds, and they will send
home those that they have as soon as possible.
I trust that no member of the Republican party
in the Senate of the United States will vote to
tax United States bonds, and thus inaugurate a
principle which will make them perfectly worth-
less so far as placing a loan upon the markets
of Europe hereafter is concerned.
I have nothing more to say on this subject.
I think it is fully understood by the Senate.
Mr. RICE. I wish to state that on an exam-
ination of this amendment I find that this tax
is to be imposed on the interest as property.
I am not in favor of a direct tax by the Gov-
ernment upon the property of individuals; but
I am in favor of taxing incomes from whatever
source derived, whether from this source or
any other. A proposition of that kind I will
vote for; but I will not vote for this one.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to direct the atten-
tion of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thorman]
to one other difference that does not seem to
have attracted his attention ; and to do so I
must beg to remind him that a few days ago
there was a proposition before the Senate to
tax incomes. That proposition reserved $2,000.
That amount was not to be subject to a tax.
Now, it is very well known that a large pro-
portion of the little property that many of the
poor people of this country have, widows and
orphans, consists in United States bonds. They
may have one or two thousand dollars in bonds.
Our friends uu the other side were very unwill
ing to tax incomes beyond $2,000, to lay any
burden upou men whose receipts exceeded
$2,000. _ Now, we have from the same quarter
a proposition directly to tax the widow's $1,000
bond down to the very first cent of interest she
receives upon it, making no reservation in
behalf of that portion of our community; as
well taxing the receipts under $2,000 as over
$2,000. And yet they say the principle which
they contend for is identical. I beg the atten-
tion of the Senate and of the country to this,
inasmuch as my friend from Delaware has also
addressed himself to the country, that here is
a proposition on the part of our friends on the
other side, after they have refused to tax in-
comes over $2,000, now to tax incomes down
to the very first cent. I cannot understand
that kind of discrimination.
Mr. MORTON. 1 desire to give the reason
on which 1 shall cast my vote against this
amendment. I regard this as a question of
contract. When the Government makes a con-
tract with a man to pay him six per cent, on
his money, the Government puts itself upon
his level and tacitly agrees that it will not take
advantage of its superior power to defeat the
contract or to change it. If the Government
afterward refuses to pay one half per cent,
of the amount upon any pretext, it does take
advantage of its superior power to defeat the
contract to that extent, because the contract
is to pay the six per cent.; and if it refuses to
pay the six per cent, upon any ground, and
keeps back a portion of it, it takes advantage
of its superior power for that purpose. But
in making a contract with any individual the
Government puts itself upon his level. You
cannot enforce a contract against the Govern-
ment; but the Government virtually goes into
a courtof conscience when it makes a contract
with a private individual.
Now, it is said that because the law exempted
States and said that they should not tax the
bonds, but did not say that the United States
should not tax the bonds, therefore it reserved
the power. No such thing. The States are
not a party to the contract and the Govern-
ment is. The Government is the party to the
contract and agrees to pay six per cent. There-
fore it is estopped by the contract, because if
it pays less it does not comply with the con-
tract. But it says that the States shall not tax
the bonds because the States are not parties to
the contract and are not bound by the terms
of it. Therefore the question is, when the
Government of the United States puts itself
upon the level of a private individual and
makes a contract with him to pay six per cent.,
can it comply with the contract and yet keep
back one half of one per cent, upon any con-
dition ?
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. How, then, came he to
vote for the income tax?
Mr. MORTON. If I had time I think I
could fully elucidate that. The income tax
does not take any part out of this contract.
The Government complies with its contract
and pays to the man fully what it agreed to
pay; but the income tax is levied upon all his
income. It is not commensurate with the tax
upon the bonds. It may be more 
Mr. THURMAN. Suppose all his income
is from bonds, as is very frequently the case ?
Mr. MORTON. That would be a case of
accident where it was commensurate; but the
income tax is levied upon a different obligation.
We are all under the obligation to support the
Government, and bear our burden in support-
ing the Government. That is an obligation
entirely different from the contract of the Gov-
ernment 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator has spoken five minutes.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have a word to say on
this subject, and I do not cxpect to occupy five
minuter upon it. 1 desire to say, in reply to
the statement of the Senator from Oregon,
[Mr. Coebett,] that it has been decided, over
and over again, that the Government could not
tax these bonds ; that I have never seen any
such decision, and I do not believe there is any
such.
Mr. THURMAN. There never was such a
decision.
Mr. STOCKTON. It has been decided, as
the Senator from Indiana has said, that the
States could not tax them. But, sir, I cannot
see the distinction which the Senator from
Indiana has attempted to draw. The Govern-
ment of the United States makes a contract
with a man for his services. They hire a man
to fight for them; they hire an officer in the
Army or an officer in the Navy, and say to him,
"We will give you $2,000 a year;" and yet
when they come to pay him they retain $200,
or some other amount, out of that sum. After
making their contract they absolutely keep
back a part of the money. How any distinc-
tion can be drawn between that case and the
proposition of the Senator from Delaware I
cannot imagine.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. STOCKTON. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. If the Government makes
a contract to pay you $2,000, thereby putting
itself upon your level in making that contract,
does it comply with it if it keeps $200 under
any pretense ? That is the point.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Government taxes
in one capacity; it taxes in the capacity of sov-
ereign ; but when it comes down and makes a
contract it is to be bound by its contract.
Mr. MORTON. That is the point; it does
make a contract.
Mr. STOCKTON. Does the Senator insist
that any such contract was made in reference
to these bonds?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; precisely. The
Government agreed to pay you six per cent, on
your money. That is the positive agreement
we made, and if it withholds a farthing of that
under its superior power it is a violation of
the contract.
Mr. PRATT. I should like to ask my col-
league a question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from New Jersey yield ?
Mr. STOCKTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRATT. I should like to ask my col-
league whether, since the State of Indiana
issued her five per cent, bonds and her two
and a half per cent, bonds, those bonds have
not been subjected to taxation like all other
personal property by the State of Indiana;
whether in like manner the State-does not tax
all bonds issued by municipal corporations, by
cities and counties, containing the identical
promise to pay interest as the like bonds of the
United States; and if the present proposition
is repudiation, where is the difference in prin-
ciple between the two cases?
Mr. MORTON. If the Senate will allow me
time to answer, I will take pleasure in answering.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator is speaking in the time of the Senator
from New Jersey.
Mr. STOCKTON. I yield.
Mr. MORTON. When the State of Indiana
issued her bonds there was a law upon her
statute-book subjecting all property to taxation.
That law is m force to-day, though varying in
amount, and it was a part of the contract,
the Senator will understand, because there was
nothing in the law creating the bonds to take
them from under the operation of the general
law. Then it was a general tax upon prop-
erty. But let me ask my colleague this ques-
tion : if the State of Indiana were now to levy
a special tax upon her bonds, and withhold
one per cent., or one half of one per cent, of
the interest she had agreed to pay, would not
that be a violation of the contract, because she
had agreed to pay so much interest on the
bonds, and would be bound to comply with that
