1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
41st Cong....2dSess.
State of Georgia—Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
next thereafter?' The constitution provided for
biennial elections. The election next thereafter
would be two years from 1868." * * * *
"They [the convention] said that they should hold
their offices as though they were elected or appointed
in November, 1870, for that was the next election
thereafter."
Here the Senator from Nevada applies the
term of office of those persons "elected of ap-
pointed by the General Assembly" to the mem-
bers of the General Assembly itself. The Legis-
lature under the Georgia constitution elects a
numberof officers; and the ordinance provided
that those persons thus elected or appointed
should hold as if they were "elected or ap-
pointed by the General Assembly next there-
after;" but it did not provide that the mem-
bers of the Legislature should hold as if elected
two years from 1868, and it is a perversion
of language so to construe it.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Schurz] re-
marked that Americana were sometimes given
to exaggeration and made rather extravagant
statements. The Senator from Nevada affords
a striking illustration of the truth of the re-
marK. Commenting on the practical effect of
an election next fall, he says:
"To eay that,in two or three months the whole
machinery of that government shall be ohanged.
Who expects that loyal officers can beinstalled, that
order can be restored in two or three months in
Georgia against such a band of men as they have
there of experienced violators of the law ?" * *
* *' "If the Legislature cannot be continued
beyond nest September or October lot us change the
whole character of this bill and remand Georgia to
a military government."
Did not the Senator from Nevada know that
the Legislature elected in April, 1868, by the
very terms of the constitution and the ordi-
nance, held until the second Wednesday of
January, 1871? Is that only two or three
months ? Does any o'ne propose by the Bing-
ham amendment or anything else to cut off this
Legislature before the second Wednesday of
January, 1871, nine months yet, instead of two
or three ? One would think that would be long
enough for some very considerable legislation
in Georgia.
But, sir, I pass from what the Senator from
Nevada said to some remarks that were made
by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,]
not now in his seat. He commenced his speech
by stating in reference to the Bingham amend-
ment:
"I denounco it as being in the intorest of the
rebels, as carrying exultation to every unrepentant
rebel in the South."
That is_ an argument, or more properly a
denunciation, which I confess I cannot very
well answer. Denunciation is cheap and may
be used to control those who are more easily
governed by prejudice than by reason, but
should have no place here, nor is it a fit argu-
ment by which Senators should be controlled.
How is the Bingham amendment in the inter-
est of the rebels? Is it in the interest of the
rebels to observe constitutions ? How did the
Union men of this country differ from the
rebels during the war ? What was the banner
under which our armies marched to victory
and to the subjugation of rebels? It was the
banner of the Constitution. And how are
we any better than rebels when we disregard
the Constitution? The constitution of Geor-
gia, as I have shown, provides that there shall
be an election in November next in that State ;
and because I advocate that that constitution
shall be observed am I to be told that I am
voting in the interest of rebels? What con-
stitutes a pan a rebel but setting at defiance
the Constitution of his country and rebelling
against its authority and the laws which it is
his^ duty to obey ? Sir, if anybody is a rebel
it is not that one who would observe and
enforce the law, but he who would setit aside.
_But, says the Senator from Indiana—and I
wish he were here, for I should like to have
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 19.
him present when replying to some of his
statements—
"If the position of the Senator from Illinois is
correct, Congress did a great wrong in denying to
Georgia her voice in electing a President and Vice
President. Sir, that was one of the most direct and
significant acts that could be performed, showing
that Georgia was not reconstructed, but that she was
still regarded as an unreconstructed State and under
tho control of
What is the difficulty with this statement?
It is the same that often occurs with many
statements—it happens not to be true; that is
all the difficulty. I have before me the Jour-
nal of the Senate, from which it appears that
Congress never did deny to the State of Geor-
gia the right to vote for President in 1868. It
left it an undecided question. A resolution
was passed by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives declaring—
" That on the assembling of tho two Houses on the
second Wednesday of February. 1869, for tho counting
of the electoral votes lor President and Vice Presi-
dent, as provided by law and the joint rules, if the
counting or omitting to count tho electoral votes, if
any, whioh may be presented as of the State of Geor-
gia shall not essentially chango the result, in that
case they shall be reported by tho President of tho
Senate, in the following manner: Were tho votes
presented as of tho State of Georgia to becountcd,
the result would be, lor for President of the Uni-
ted States, votes; if not counted, for for Presi-
dent of the United States, votes; but in either
case is elected President of the United States;
and m tho same manner for Vice President."—Jour-
nal of the Senate, third session, 1'orticth Congress,
p. 220.
All that Congress did by this resolution was
to make a special provision in regard to the
vote of Georgia; but it did not decide that we
would not count it, as the Senator from Indi-
ana mistakenly supposed was the case.
The Senator from Indiana then goes on to
insist that minority members, of wliom there
are some nineteen, are properly seated in the
present Legislature of Georgia. The act which
was passed in December required the Governor
of the State to issue a proclamation conven-
ing all the members of the Legislature, not
minority candidates, but those who were cer-
tified to be elected by the proclamation of Gen-
eral Meade, who commanded that district in
1868. The law further provided that the per-
sons so certified as elected, when assembled,
should take a certain oath, and those who
refused to take the oath should not have seats
in the Legislature, and that the colored men
certified as elected should be reseated. Gov-
ernor Bullock issued his proclamation for the
persons certified to be elected to'convene, so
far conforming to the law; but when they
assembled at Atlanta he appointed one Har-
ris, an employ6 of one of the railroads, to
organize the house of representatives. This
Mr. Harris went to the place of meeting, pro-
ceeded to call the names of members, directed
such as he thought proper to be sworn in,
refused to allow others to be sworn in, and
adjourned the Legislature from day to day and
week to week without the order of the house
or any vote of its members. All this was done
in pursuance to the directions of the Governor
of the State. General Terry also instituted a
military commission to pass upon the qualifi-
cations of members of this Legislature. The
law said they should take a certain oath, and
if they swore falsely they should be guilty of
perjury and suffer its penalties; but General
Terry undertook to decide by military commis-
sion who were and were not entitled to seats.
Three were decided by him to be ineligible,
and some twenty others declined to take the
prescribed oath.
The oath required by the act of December
last to be taken by tho persons elected to the
Legislature in Georgia was more comprehen-
sive than the requirements of the fourteenth
amendment. No person could sit in the Le-
gislature of Georgia in 1868 who was disquali-
fied by the third section of that amendment to
the Constitution; but in 1869 we passed a law
requiring persons elected to the Legislature to
take an oath which went beyond the require-
ments of the fourteenth amendment; so that
persons who were eligible to the Legislature
when elected were made ineligible by the sub-
sequent legislation of Congress.
Several who could not otherwise, have taken
seats in the Legislature had their disabilities
removed and it is said that all who would sus-
tain the Governor of Georgia, no matter bow-
deeply their hands had been dyed in Union
blood during the war, no matter how great
rebels they had been, had their disabilities
removed and took seats in the Legislature of
Georgia ; while not one who did not support
the Governor and his policy had his disabil-
ities removed. In tbe places of nineteen of
the members of the Legislature who declined
to take the oath there have been seated in the
Legislature of Georgia, under the auspices of
Governor Bullock, nineteen persons never
elected by the people of Georgia at all—minor-
ity candidates.
That is the Legislature of Georgia as now
organized, which "it is proposed to perpetuate
in power over the people of Georgia for two
years longer than tho period for which it was
elected ; and to refuse to do that wicked act
is said to be in the interest of rebels I If any
one thing could be more likely to make rebels
and create rebellion than another it would be
the attempted exercise of usurped authority
over a free people.
It may be asked, how can we vote to recog-
nize this Legislature, thus irregularly organized,
at all. I answer, a majority of the members
of the Legislature, enough to constitute a
quorum of the body, were properly elccted,
and the representatives of both parties in tho
Legislature came before the committee having
this matter in charge, and the minority said,
"We are tired of the condition of things in the
State of Georgia; we want an end of this
reconstruction, and that Georgia should be
restored to her relations in the Union; and
rather than be turned back to begin anew and
have to go over this political controversy again
we would prefer the Legislature to stand as it
is with the minority candidates in it. Let us
have an election next fall, and the people of
the State will right this matter. We prefer
that rather than again to be thrown into the
condition of a provisional government and
have a new constitution to form or a new
Legislature to elect before we can be admitted
to representation in Congress." It is in defer-
ence to this sentiment that I have consented to
recognize the Legislature of Georgia even until
tho second Wednesday of January, 1871.
The Senator from Indiana undertakes to
justify the seating of these minority candidates;
and on what ground ? On theground that tho
votes cast for the majority candidates were
cast for ineligible persons; and he says that is
the law. Why, sir, it never was the law in this
country. _ Such a law has obtained in England
to a certain extent; that is, when a voter casts
his vote for a person knowing him to be dis-
qualified at the time it has been held in Eng-
land that it was a void vote, that the voter
intended to throw it away, and that the person
having the next highest number of votes should
be declared elected;.but that doctrine never
obtained in America.
From my own State, a few years ago, there
was elected-to this body a gentleman, a Sen-
ator, General Shields, who at the time of his
election had not been nine years a citizen of
the United States; and the Senate decided,
in accordance with the Constitution, and prop-
erly, that not having been naturalized nine
years he was not entitled to take his seat. Was
it suggested by anybody that the minority can-
didate who opposed General Shields at the
