1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3191
caret the wood or bone scale. If you are able to
obtain any samples and affidavits snowing that bol-
sters in parts or whole, whether partly covering the
scale'or not, were made and sold prior to 1860, send
them out at once. You are aware, doubtless, that
if the Lawson & Good Manufacturing Company can
exclude the table-knife manufacturers from making
this class of goods until 1874, when the patent ex-
pires, the table-knife trade, even if machinery is
introduced, will be reduced to still smaller limits. If
bolsters were ever "run" on the information would
be useful.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been ex-
hausted on the pending amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I renew it..
Mr. Chairman, I do say it is astonishing that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] should so often repeat the declaration
that it is impossible for this country to compete
with British labor ; but it is not necessary to
dwell on that declaration, however often the
gentleman may repeat it. I wish to call the
attention of the committee to some facts on the
pending question. Take our sewing-machine.
Jt is a Yankee invention. It pays an enormous
duty boih on iron and steel. It has the com-
mand ofall the markets in the world in France,
England, Italy, Germany, and all other coun-
tries. There are no axes which compete with
ours. They are sent all over the world, not-
withstanding the high price of our labor, and
notwithstanding the enormous duty we pay on
iron and steel. There, too, is the Ames shovel,
made by a member of this House, a great
patriot, who pays an enormous duty on iron
and steel, because of his Massachusetts associa-
tion. The Ames shovels command the mar-
kets throughout the world. They drive out in
Australia and other British colonies all other
shovels brought, there. The edge tools of New
England which pay these enormous duties,
both on iron and steel, are the best edge tools
in the world; and as the best, command favor-
able notice in the markets of the world. If
there was no high duty on iron and steel, not-
withstanding the apparent .greater price of our
labor, those edge tools would command the
markets of the world. So with the cutlery of
Connecticut. The cutlery of Connecticut com-
mandsnow the markets, not only of this country,
but, notwithstanding the enormous duty on steel
and iron, commands to a certain degree the
markets everywhere. This denunciation of
American skill aud ingenuity, this "humble-
pie" confession by members of this House, that
we have not the machinery or the intellectual
power to compete with the downtrodden Eng-
lishman or tax-ridden Prussian or Frenchman,
itis time were done away with. I do not object
to the classification which the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] has made in this bill in
reducing all to this class, but that is not the
question here. The question is, what shall be
the rate of duty? He says 3J-. I think 2 is
enough, though I shall vote for 2J. But let us
Bee the ingenuity of the classification, I will not
say framed by the gentleman from Ohio, but
reported by him from the Committee of Ways
and Means. For the lastyear the importation
of steel paying 2J- cents was 17,646,946 pounds,
ilie importations at 3 cents per pound were
8,500,000 pounds. Those at 3<V cents per pound
were only about 1,000,000 pounds. The ob-
jection to this horizontal level, this universal
cutting down, is that it does not cut down low
enough. We ought to cut down to at least 2}
cents per pound, the rate at which there is an
importation of over 17,000,000 pounds, the
importations of the higher qualities being very
much smaller.
[Here the hammer fell.]
. Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Chairman, the in-
justice of placing all classes and qualities of
i ' upon the same footing, for the purpose of
station, must be apparent to the most casual
server. How many kinds or classes of steel
there? Without undertaking to detail
W'nutely the differences in steel, it is sufficient
,? 8a? that they may be divided into five kinds,
u8« the present tariff divides them into but
three. The lowest class of steel' is bat one re-
move from iron, which is capable of being con-
verted into steel by a very inexpensive process.
This does not require the same protection as
cast steel, for the making of which a very costly
and laborious process of manufacture is neces-
sary in order to secure the best results. Now,
♦he Committee of Ways and Means propose
that steel costing 22 cents per pound shall pay
the same tax as steel costing 6 or 7 cents a
pound. There is no justice in such a proposi-
tion, and the assertion that it is necessary for
the protection of the revenue I think has not
been made good. I desire, in this connection,
as showing that this proposed duty is not re-
quired for the protection of the home manufac-
! ture of steel, to call the attention of the com-
j mittee to a most remarkable letter written by
one of the members of this House, Hon. D.
J. Morrell.
| Mr. ELDRIDGE. Irise to a point of order,
i There is so much confusion that we cannot
hear the gentleman. The lobby is very large
just now in the center of the Hall.
The CHAIRMAN. Gentlemen will please
1^6 86£lt0(i
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is known that the
duty on steel before the war was 12 per cent.
ad valorem on all classes. At the commence-
ment of the war we began to advance the duty
on steel, and during the war, in the year 1864,
the direct and indirect tax upon the production
of iron, and upon the production of steel which
the steel manufacturers of the United States
showed Congress amounted to 2J cents per
pound. I have said that I desire the attention
of the committee to the letter of Hon. D. J.
Morrell, one of the largest iron manufacturers
of the country, in which he goes into an elab-
orate statement to show that the indirect tax
entering into the production of steel for every
ton of pig iron used was $5 83. I will not stop
to enumerate all the details of the tabular state*
mentsubmittedbyMr. Morrell, butlwill state
that at least $2 out of that $5 83 have been en-
tirely repealed by the reduction of tax entering
into that production, and the direct tax upon
the production has been entirely removed by
the act of 1866. Consequently the profits of
the manufacture have been augmented in the
same ratio in which we have reduced the tax.
Now further, in regard to the cost of the
production of steel in this country, it was
alleged that as the enhanced value of iron
enhances the cost of steel it became necessary
to increase the tariff in order to put both on
an equal footing. Hence the duty on imported
steel was from time to time increased on the
showing of the steel manufacturers. They
alleged that the tax on iron from which the
steel was made was $15 a ton. The tax per
ton of blooms used in making steel was alleged
to be $3 60; the tax per ton of bar iron used
in making steel, $3 60; the excise on cost
of crucibles consumed, $3 more; the excise
on 10 tons of coal, 60 cents more; the excise
on cast-iron molds, castings for repairs, &c.,
used in making 1 ton of steel, 60 cents more;
cost of stamps on letters, &c., GO cents; the
indirect tax on labor on the same basis as
estimated by Hon. D. J. Morrell, at the
Cambria Iron Works, on the average value
of cast steel, 6 per cent., inclusive of income
tax, $23; making in all $50 a ton, or 2£ cents
a pound, as the tax paid by the manufacturer
of steel in this country to the Government of
the United States. The steel manufacturers
say:
"Thus it becomes manifest that in the competition
in our own markets between the imported and the
American cast steel the advantages arc all on the
side of the foreign article, the difference of a quarter
of a cent in tho duty being scarcely appreciable."
Now, the average duty at that time was
cents per pound on imported steel, while they
paid 2J cents in the way of direct and indirect
taxes to the Government of the United States.
Consequently at that time they had protection
of but a quarter of a cent per pound; and
now that all those direct and indirect taxes
have been removed, they have under the ex-
isting rates, by their own admission, a protec-
tion of 2J cents per pound, and yot they cry
out for more protection, when there is no need
of any other protection beyond that which they
already have.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I withdraw
my amendment, in order that the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Matnard] may renew it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew the amendment
with the understanding that I do it as the con-
dition on which I get the floor, and for the
purpose of replying to the point made by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoi.t,,] a
point which attracted the attention of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and gave them no
little anxiety and labor to settle to their satis-
; faction. The gentleman inquires why the same
rate of duty is put upon all classes of steel, or
1 rather upon all steel of all characters. Let
] me call the gentleman's attention to some
! facts. It is well known to all those who are
j familiar with the subject that there is no cri-
j terion by which you can tell steel that is val-
I uable from steel that is comparatively of small
I value, unless you put it into a fire and work
; it. We had before us a great number of
; instances illustrating this fact, and I recollect
: a case like this. A large quantity of steel was
j imported into the United States several years
, ago as a- very common and low grade of
1 German steel. Something about it attracted
| attention, and raised the suspicion of the col-
li lector or appraiser, and he called upon a
practical blacksmith, who put the steel into a
fire and tested it, and in that way found out
that it was the most valuable kind of cast steel;
jl and when the attention of the importer was
( called to the fact he very quietly paid the duty
' without any further trouble. But it would be
impracticable in the great majority of cases to
apply such a test. Hence the committee saw
no better way in which to protect the Treas-
ury than to put a fair, medium duty upon the
article of steel without reference to the value
of the particular kinds.
Something has been said about the duties on
steel before the war. German steel and spring
steel we manufactured before the war and man-
ufactured in competition with the world. We
can do it now. Cast steel is a manufacture that
Bprung up and obtained success just about at
the beginning of the war. The present duty
of 2J cents on steel below 7 cents, and 3 cents
on that below 11 cents, and 3| cents and 10 per
cent, ad valorem on steel worth more than 11
cents a pound, has now stood for six years, and
the result is that we manufacture very largely
in this country in competition with foreign steel.
And another result most important to the gen-
tleman's constituents and to my constituents
is that the price of steel has gone down, in gold,
not less than from 2 to 2J cents per pound from
what it was before the war. The result of our
manufacturing it in thin country and not depend-
ing upon the Sheffield works to produce it
under the present law is entirely satisfactory
to the manufacturers of steel, if the law could
be honestly and fairly enforced, and I believe
they would prefer the amendment of the gen-
tteman from Illinois, [Mr. Hawlet,] to strike
out the paragraph altogether, and leave the
law as it is, and take their risk to have these
undervaluations corrected by the machinery
which the present Secretary of the Treasury
has brought to bear with such efficiency upon
the frauds of Sheffield manufacturers and im-
porters, alluded to in the letter introduced by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kei.-
i.et.] But though the manufacturers might be
satisfied, the Treasury would not be. We can-
not afford to have frauds practiced systematic-
ally upon the revenue of the country as they
have been in this matter of steel.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to make a sug-
gestion, which I think is a practical one. I
had not known, until the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Matnard] stated it on this floor,
