5080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July I,
contract? The idea of collecting tax upon the
bonds as a part of the property in another form
goes back not to this contract, but to the gen-
eral obligation of all citizens to bear their share
of the burdens of the Government.
_Mr. BAYARD. I will take one moment
of the time of the Senator from New Jersey to
read article three, section one, of the Consti-
tution ; and I call the attention of the honor-
able Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] the
honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman, ]
and the honorable Senatorfrom Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] to this point. That section pro-
vides that—
"The judscs, both of the Supreme and inferior
court?, .-ball hold their offices during good behavior,
and shall, at stated times, receive for their services
a compensation, which shall not be diminished dur-
ing their continuance in office."
Will these Senators tell me how it wag that
you have taken from the judges of those courts
the income tax for the last five years, when
there is an express constitutional provision
that their compensation shall not be dimin-
ished during their continuance in office?
Mr. SHERMAN. We took it unconstitu-
tionally.
Mr. BAYARD. Yes; you took it uncon-
stitutionally, as you have done a great many
other things, 1 suppose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have always thought
that that was unconstitutional. I thought so
at the time, and think so yet.
Mr. BAYARD. But the honorable Sen-
ator voted with his party for it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 do not rise to make
any speech, because I have not any time, but
only to say to my honorable friend from Del-
aware that it is not quite the thing in a fight
to ask a mail to strike after his time is up. 1
cannot make any reply to my friend.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time
of the Senator from New Jersey has expired.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Has the
Senatorfrom California spoken on this amend-
ment?
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir; not that I am
aware of. 1 have listened, Mr. President, with
the greatest attention to the arguments ad-
vanced by the Senators on the other side, espe-
cially by the Senator from Ohio on my right,
[Mr. Sherman, ] and by the Senator from Indi-
ana in front of the chair, [Mr. Morion.] I
confess that if anything were wanting to me
to demonstrate the weakness of the position
assumed by those gentlemen, I should find it
in what seems to me the entire inapplicability
of all their arguments.
The Senator irom Indiana cannot vote for
this amendment, he tells us, because of a con-
tract. He regards the state of facts in Indiana,
put by his colleague, as controlled by a law
which existed at a time the State bonds were
created, and which entered into and became
part of the contract.
Sir, does it not occur to the Senator from
Indiana that when the United States Govern-
ment issued its bonds there was a law, not, a
written law, but an unwritten law, the highest
law which can ever exist under any Govern-
ment, the law which gives to every Govern-
ment (he right of taxation according to its judg-
ment of the present expediency, a law which
has no limitation other than the choice of the
authority that exercises the taxing power? My
neighbor from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] suggests
that the Constitution gives Congress the power
to levy taxes. I mean to say that without any
provision in the Constitution the Government
of the United States, as a Government, would
have the taxing power. Consequently this con-
tract of which the Senator from Indiana speaks
with so much gravity was, when it was made,
subject to the paramount and supereminent
power of the Government of the United States
to tax any benefit, derived under it.
What is (he difference between this contract
and any other contract? How is it more sacred
than a contract for salary? How is it more
sacred than a contract for arms and munitions
of war made to save the country in its direst
perils? Yet have the money results of these
contracts been ever claimed by anybody to be
exempt from taxation ? Certainly not.
But the Senator makes a point as to the mode
of collecting the tax, and it is simply as to the
mode. He says if you do not pay over your
counter all that you agreed to pay you violate
the contract. In the first place, there was no
such contract, as has been shown. In the next
place, how does it differ whether the tax is col-
lected at the counter by the disbursing clerk,
or after the person has received his money and
gone out of doors it is collected of him around
the corner by a tax collector? Is there any
difference? None whatever.
That Senator has voted for an income tax,
as the Senator from Ohio has. That income
tax did reach and operate upon the income
from these bonds. Was that a violation of the
contract? Nothing of the sort. The Senator
from Ohio, who rose into a spirit of grave en-
thusiasm on this subject, declared that it was
a tax which was discriminating. Why, sir,
there is not a page of the revenue tax law,
since such a thing was first thought of in this
country, that does not contain discriminating
taxes. The whole principle of an excise law
is discriminating against one kind of property,
in favor of others ; and this very bill winch is
now before us, in charge of the Senator from
Ohio, is itself a discriminating bill, for it lays
imposts upon some kinds of property and ex-
empts others. What is that but discrimina-
tion? Cotton, tobacco, spirits, plate, watches,
and carriages are taxed, while other articles
arc not. You may tax everything, and you
may exempt one species of property and the
champions of the Senate are tranquil; their
bosom lord sits lightly on his throne; but the
very moment this peculiar species of property
is touched, even in the remotest degree, for the
highest interests of the Government, each one
springs to his feel, dons his armor, and lance
in rest is ready to do battle 
The PRESIDENT1 pro tempore. The Sen-
ator's five minutes have expired,
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 controvert the asser-
tion made by the Senator at the conclusion of
his speech ; and the fact is that he and his
political associates upou this floor propose to
select a particular kind of property and impose
upon that a tax which they are not willing to
impose upon other property. They have all
voted for the repeal of the income tax, which
was a tax upon incomes derived from United
States securities as well as incomes derived
from other property. But they denounced that
tax as unjust and oppressive, and after having
repealed that tax they now propose to pre-
scribe a particular sort of property and impose
upon that an income tax. Debts have been
contracted by this Government since its form-
ation, and by all the States of this Union ; and
I undertake to say that there is no precedent
for this proposition except the repudiation
scheme of the State of Mississippi, which has
forever covered the name of that State with
disgrace. Sir, it is simply the first step in the
way of repudiating llie bonds of the United
States; and if an income tax be unjust and
inequitable, as they say, what can be said of
this particular tax?
Moreover, Mr. President, the great objection
to be made to this is, that it is a stain upon the
credit of this country. It depreciates the good
faith of the nation in the eyes of the entire
world. Now, while we are trying to negotiate
a new loan at four per cent, interest, substi-
tuting four per cent, bonds for six per cent,
bonds, and thus reducing the taxes of the people
of the United States millions upon millions,
now comes a proposition in the Senate of the
United States authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to withhold a partof the interest; thus
showing that the United States, if it, be adopted,
iswilling to make an agreement to pay interest
to a person who holds one of its bonds, and at
the same time exercise the power to withhold
a part of that interest. If it can withhold one
part it can withhold another part. The same
spirit that prompts this motion will eventually,
if adopted and sanctioned by thi3 country,
prompt a spirit of repudiation of the entire
debt; for there is in this country to-day a party
organized and acting who are in favor of repu-
diating not only the interest but the principal,
and in the State where I live the Democratic
party adopted this doctrine in their platform.
It is adopted elsewhere, and this is simply the
stepping-stone to that conclusion; and for that
reason it ought to be rejected by the Senate of
the United States.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, I think there
was some misunderstanding about the language
employed in the amendment introduced by the
Senator from Delaware. I certainly cannot
support it, for the reasons so well stated by the
Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Rice.] and the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.] Un-
derstanding it at the time to be substantially a
proposition to continue the law as it now ex-
ists as applicable to this class of public wealth,
I gave it an affirmative vote ; but I have now
to say to my friend from Delaware that if he
will modify his amendment so that the tax may-
continue as it now is I shall willingly give it
my assent.
I will read from the present statute that
portion which relates to the tax upon income
derived from United States securities, and
which I supposed the amendment as proposed
last evening was intended to continue:
"That the^e shall lie levied and collected annually
a tax of five (icr cent, upon the income of every per-
son residing m the United States, and of every cit-
izen of the United {States residing abroad derived
irom bonds of the United States."
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the prop-
osition of the Senator from New York is very
unlike that which is now before the Senate.
Mr. FENTON. That proposition, allow me
to remark, is the proposition of the present law.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes; the Senator says it
is the present law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Part of the present law.
Mr. SUMNER. Itis very unlike that which
has been moved here, on which I pray leave lo
say one or two words.
In the first place, if I understand the vote of
the Senate the other day, it has decided against
the income tax; but here is an income tax in
a new form, an income tax under an alias ;
and my friend, the Senator from California, who
so zealously opposed the income tax, now
ranges himself a supporter of this new income
tax.
In the second place, I had supposed that the
Congress of the United States, faithfully rep-
resenting the people, were solemnly pledged
against repudiation, solemnly bound lo main-
tain at all hazards the national credit. Here
is a blow at the national credit. It is a blow
at all the property in the public stocks, not only
belonging to citizens, but belonging to foreign-
ers. Citizens may justly complain of it ; for-
eigners may justly complain of it.
And now, sir, would you know how the rule
with regard to fo reigners has found its place i n
the legislation of nations? I have it before
me. The question arose in 180G, in the midst
of those terrible wars which convulsed Europe,
and which compelled England to draw upon
all her resources, while Mr. Fox was at "the
head of affairs. It was then, May 12, 180(5, that
the property tax being underdisciission, "Mr.
Francis," famous as Sir Philip Francis, and
ofteu supposed to be the author of Junius—
"Said that he saw no reason why this exemp-
tion "—
The proposition was made, I should say, for
exempting the property of foreigners in the
British funds—
" Mr. "Francis said that he saw no reason why this
exemption should exist, or why the thirteen millions
bMonsnis'to 1o\ ei^-ueiv in the, limish imirts should
not bo as heavily taxed as the property of the na-
tives.
To which Mr. Secretary Fox, then represent-
