4136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
inbefore provided, the said lands filed on by him
shall be, after due notice, subject to sale at public
outcry to the highest bidder, at not less than $1 25
per acre. And after the United States shall have
' received from the proceeds of the sale of said lands,
over and above the cost of the survey and sale
thereof, the amount provided for in tho second sec-
tion and fourth section of this act, and the said sum
of $1,600,000, with accrued interest, including in such
estimate the proceeds of the sales of tho so-called
Osage trust lands, which may have accrued before
the approval of this act, tho residue of said lands
shall be disposed of as other public lands: Provided,
however, Inat nothing in this act shall be so con-
strued as to prevent the application pf the so-called
"town-sitelaws/' and the law making a grant of the
sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections in each township
of the public lands to the State of Kansas for tho
support of public schools, to said lands, in such a
manner as not to interfere with the prior rights of
actual settlers as aforesaid.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator from
Kansas will withdraw that extensive amend-
ment for the present I should be obliged to
him. I have two or three amendments of sin-
gle propositions which I am directed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer 5 I hope
the honorable Senator will withdraw his amend-
ment for the present, in order to enable me to
offer those amendments.
Mr. POMEROY. This amendment is offered
by direction of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, hut I am willing that it should be laid
aside for a moment, in order to allow the Sen-
ator from Kentucky to offer his amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
110 objection it will be temporarily laid aside.
Mr. DAVIS. By direction of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs I offer an amendment, to
insert as an additional section the following:
Sec. —And be it further cnactcd. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized
fo execute to tho pjoper authorities of the Choctaw
nation of Indians the bonds of the United States of
the aygrog.ttc amount of 82.50,000, as of date July 1,
ISoj, bearing interest at five per cent, per annum
li out said dai e, being in execution of treaties between
the United States and the Choctaw nation and of a
Jaw of Congress.
I will merely state the basis upon which this
amendment is offered. By the treaty made in
1835 between the United States and the Choc-
taws the United States undertook to sell their
lands, and after the payment of all expenses
to secure th« proceeds to the Indians. Iu
execution of that treaty the Indian appropri-
ation bill, passed at the session ot' 1861, con-
tains this clause :
"Yor. P&yroent to tho Choctaw nation or tribe
of Indians, on account of their claim under tho
clevent.il and twelfth articles of the treaty with
said nation or tribe, made tho 22d of June, 1855, the
pum of $500,000, $250,OUO of which sum shall bepaid
in money: and for the residue, the Secretary of the
ireasury shall causo to be issued to tho proper
authorities ot the nation or tribe, on their requisi-
tion, bond^s of the United .States, authorized by law
at the present session of Congress: Provided, That
m the iuturo adjustment of the claim of the Choc-
taws under the treaty aforesaid the said sum shall
be charged against the said Indians."
The$250,000 provided in that section to
bepaid in money to the Choctaw Indians was
so paid 5 but the bonds were never executed
or delivered to the Choctaws. The object of
this amendment is to have that portion of the
treaty executed under the provisions of the
treaty of I860. Article ton of the treaty of
1860 between the United States and the Choc-
taws reads as follows:
• United States reaffirms all obligations aris-
ing out 01 treaty stipulations or acts of legislation
with regarc. to the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations,
°?5?rcA?nt0 1)no.r t0 the lute rebellion and in force
at to at time, not inconsistent herewith : and further
agrees to renew the payment of all annuities and
other moneys necruingunde.- such treaty stipulations
and acts of legislation, Irom and after the close of
th e jscal year ending on the 30th of June, in the year
ioOb,
That is a plain recognition of the obligation
of the United States to issue the bonds to the
amount of 5250,000. The only difficulty that
the committee had on the subject was when
these bonds should begin to bear interest. The
majority of the committee ruled that they should
carry interest from the time expressed in this
last treaty, the end of the fiscal year 1866. The
language of tho treaty is:
TheUnitod States reaffirms all obligations arising
out of treaty stipulations or acts of legislation with
regard to the Choctavr and Chickasaw nations, en-
tered into prior to the late rebellion and in force at
that time,"not inconsistent herewith; and further
agrees to renew the payment of all annuities and
other moneys accruing under such treaty stipula-
tions and acts of legislation, from and after the close
of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, in the
year 1806."
The amendment as drawn up proposes that
the bonds shall bear interest from that date,
the 1st of July, 1866. My interpretation of
the treaty was that the bonds of the United
States were to be issued to the Indians, and,
the obligations of the United States to the
Indians were recognized precisely as those
obligations existed before the rebellion. My
interpretation was further, that this treaty of
1866 did-not change the nature or extent of
any obligation from tho United States to the
Indians, and consequently that the bonds
should have the same effect as though they
had been issued in 1861, when the law passed,
in pursuance of the treaty required that they
should be issued.
I, myself, was of opinion, and am still of the
opinion, that the amount of the obligation of
the United States upon those bonds was not
changed ; that the time mentioned in the last
treaty is simply a designation of the time when
payment shall commence, and does not at all
indicate the time from which the bonds should
bear interest'. That treaty recognized the ob-
ligations of the United States in the form
and to the extent that they had existed before
the rebellion; and the obligation in relation to
these bonds certainly was that they should be
issued in 1801. They were not issued, and
have not been issued to this day. Consequently,
the United States recognized its obligation to
execute those bonds to the Indian nation to
the same extent to which it had existed under
the treaty of 38-35, and under the treaty of
1866, which would require that interest should
be paid upon those bonds from the time they
should have been executed, which was iu 1861.
I therefore believed, and I still believe, that
the plam and obvious obligation of the Gov-
ernment is to pay interest upon those bonds
from the time they ought to have been issued,
in 1861, because the obligation of the Govern-
ment to issue the bonds and the obligation for
interest ou them if they had been issued in
1861, is distinctly recognized in the treaty of
1806. The majority of the committee, how-
ever, directed that the bonds should only bear
interest from the end of the fiscal year of 1866,
or .hily 1, 1866, and in that form the amend-
ment has been drawn up. My honorable
friend from Connecticut, [Mr. Buckingham,] I
understand, desires to amend the amendment
so as to give these Indians the interest upon
their bonds from the time the bonds should
have been issued. I hope he will offer it.
Mr. BUCKING HAM. I offer the following
amendment as asubstitute for the amendment
which has been offered by the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky:
And be it further enacted, That tho Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to issue to tho proper authorities of the
Choctaw tube of Indians the bonds appropriated to
them by the act of Congress, approved March 2,1861,
passed in pursuance ot treaty stipulations.
The difference between the substitute which
I offer and the original amendment as proposed
hy the honorable Senator from Kentucky is
that the substitute merely places the interest on
the bonds from 1861. That is really the ques-
tion before the Senate, whether Congress will
authorize the payment of those bonds with in-
terest from the year 1861, or whether they will
authorize them with interest from the year 1866.
The Senator from Kentucky has represented
both the views of the majority and of the mi-
nority of the committee on this subject. I was
one of the minority, who believed that fidelity
to our obligations to these Indians required
that the interest should be paid from 1861. I
believe that that is (ho fair construction of
the treaty of 1866. That treaty ''reaffirms all
obligations arising o.ut of treaty stipulations or
acts of legislation with regard to the Choctaw
and Chickasaw nations entered into prior to
the late rebellion." These are obligations
which we had assumed prior to the rebellion,
and the only reason ever given, so far as 1
know, for not fulfilling those obligations to the
letter arose from the fact that a part of these
Indians were engaged in the rebellion. But
why? How came they iu opposition to the
Government of the United States? The rebels
entered into their territory and drove many of
them from it into Kansas, although the power
of this Government was pledged for their pro-
tection. They did not receive that protection
which they should have had from the Govern-
ment of the United States. Being forced fiom
their homes, and forccd to take an attitude of
hostility more apparent than real against the
Government, it was right and proper that when
a new treaty was entered into with these
Indians those facts should be considered. It
appears to me that they were considered, and
so considered as to reaffirm the obligations of
the Government in spite of any forfeiture by
the rebellion. It seems to me an act of per-
fect justice and propriety that this Government
should pay the interest on the bonds according
to the amendment which I have proposed.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas._ It is a fact,
Mr. President, that the authorities of the Uni-
ted States renewed the obligation under which
they rested to these Indians, apprised that the
obligation previously made had been forfeited
by the participation of these Indians in the
rebellion; and the result was that in making
the treaties both parties, as I understand it,
agreed that the Government of the United
Stales should assume the payment of obliga-
tions which had been recognized in treaties
prior to the rebellion, accruing after the close of
the fiscal year 1866, and not before that time.
Now, sir, if it was the intention of the Gov-
ernment to pay the interest on these bonds
from 1861, the proper time to have called the
attention of the Senate to that matter was when
the treaty was ratified. It has passed aioug
until now ; and the proposition is to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue the bonds
in accordance with the stipulations of the treaty
of 1866. The plain language of the treaty is
that the Government assumes and agrees to
pay the sums accruing under these treaty stipu-
lations after the 30th of June, 1866. That is
the plain language of the treaty.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the tenth
article of this treaty should not receive, in my
judgment, a very latitudinous construction.
From what I know about the facts in reference
to the behavior of the Choctaws during the rebel-
lion I think this article ought not, to have been
made at all. I understand that history to be
that the greater part of the Choctaws went into
the rebellion. They were not forced into it,
but they went into it voluntarily. Many of
them were slaveholders; they were essentially
southern and secession in their feeling, anil
they drove out that part of the tribe which re-
mained loyal to the Government of the United
States, and drove them up, perhaps, into Kan-
sas; and I think at one time we were called
upon to make some provision to support those
Indians who had been driven out into Kansas.
_ Mr. POMEROY. They were Creeks prin-
cipally that came into Kansas. There were
some Choctaws, but principally Greeks.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I will state
that it transpired in the discussion of this ques-
tion before the committee that the money ap-
propriation of $250,000, which has been paid
by the Government, was paid and distributed
mainly to those refugees during the rebellion.
Mr. IIARLAN. 1 think the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana is referring to another point
in the history of this case. Iu 1864 or 1865 a
law was passed directing the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay over to the Secretary of the
Interior $250,000 in money, in lieu of the
$250,000 of bonds which the previous law
provided should be paid to the Choctaw In-
