1801
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
and their treatment there is shockingly bar-
barous ; that their companions are the prison-
era committed for the highest crimes against
tbe English laws ; that the keepers of the
prisons are brutal in the treatment of our citi-
zens ; that tasks are imposed which they are
unable to perform, and unusual torturing pun-
ishments are inflicted by unjust, tyrannical
jailors and prison officials; that the wants of
people in their positions, reasonable, humane,
and just, are denied.
These and other barbarities and cruelties are
being inflicted upon our citizens now prisoners
in a foreign land for alleged political offenses.
In this day of Christian philanthropy and civ-
ilization the horrid treatment charged against
the British Government of our own citizens,
held for supposed offenses, chills the blood and
demands the speedy and prompt action of our
Government in their behalf. I have not enu-
merated half that is believed to be the sufferings
of these men. They are men of culture, most
of them educated and of refined and polished
manners.
The resolution asks inquiryin relation to the
imprisonment of these men now incarcerated
in polluted cells, whose cry for help and pro-
tection comes up to us appealing to our
humanity, our national pride and national
honor, in their behalf. The resolution calls
them American citizens imprisoned for polit-
ical offenses. It is claimed by the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Willard,] who opposes
this resolution, that these men are stirring up
hostilities in Ireland and organizing hostile
campaigns in this country against the integrity
of the British empire- The gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Wilkinson] alleges in sup-
port of the resolution that a large number of
these men bave been arrested on British soil
for offenses alleged to have been committed on
American soil. In some cases the charge
against these prisoners is for acts done in the
U nited States; and no one, however unfriendly
he may be to the naturalized citizens of our
country, has ventured to say that for such
offenses they can be hold by the British Gov-
ernment.
But I repeat what has been Baid, whether
in confinement for acts done here or in Eng-
land, if they are cruelly treated, and if they
are subjected to insultand to torture by a Gov-
ernment to which they owe no allegiance, it is
our duty, fearless of consequences, to inter-
pose in their behalf.
There should be no debate here ; it should
have been done by the proper Department
without waiting the action of this House, be-
cause the sufferings are intolerable and inhu- ;
man, and demand immediate action ; and the i
act of Congress passed less than two years ago
commands the Executive to inquire into the
causes of the imprisonment of our naturalized
citizens in foreign States. That act is as fol-
lows :
"An act concerning the rights of American citizens
in foreign States.
" Whereas the right of expatriation is a natural
and inherent right of all people, indispensable to the
enjoyment of the rights of life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness; and whereas in tho recognition
of this principle this Government has freely received
emigrants from all nations, and invested them with
the rigbts of citizenship; and whereas it is claimed
that such American citizens, with their descendants,
are subjects of foreign States, owing allegiance to
the Governments thereof; and whereas it is neces-
sary to the maintenance of public peace that this
claim of foreign allegiance should be promptly and
finally disavowed: Therefore,
' 'Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of Americain Congress assem-
bled, That any declaration, instruction, opinion,
order, or decision of any officer of this Government j
wbieh denies, restricts, impairs, or questions the ;
right of expatriation is hereby declared inconsistent
with tbefundamental principles of this Government. ,
. " Sro. 2. And he it further enncted, Thatall natural-
ized citizens of the United States while in foreign
o^tes shall be entitled to and shall receive from
this (government thesamo protection of persons and ,
property that is accorded to native-born citizens in
situations and circumstances.
.. , ,?:3- And be it further enacted. That whenever j
it shal 1 be made known to thePresident that any citi- i
zen ot the United States has been unjustly deprived I
of ids liberty by or under the authority of any for-
eign Government it shall be the duty of the Presi-
dent forthwith to demand of that Government the
reasons for such imprisonment, and if it appears to
be wrongful and in violation of the rights of Ameri-
can citizenship the President shall forthwith demand
the release of such citizen, and if the release so
demanded is unreasonably delayed orrefused itshall
be the duty of the President to use such means, not
amounting to acts of war, as ho may think necessary
and proper to obtain or effectuate such release, and
all the facts and proceedings relative thereto shall
as soon as practicable be communicated by the Pres-
ident to Congress."
It is here charged, and without contradiction
by the friends of the Administration, that the
President is in possession of the facts con-
nected with these imprisonments; and the
resolution now before us asks for the inform-
ation in possession of our Government. It
; has been said by the eloquent gentleman from
Vermont that this report would not have been
made and brought before this House had it not
been that the constituents of many gentlemen
in this House are Irish-American citizens who
sympathize with this effort to divide the empire
of Great Britain. I quote in substance his
language.
Sir, no man holds a seat in either branch of the
American Congress who has not Irish-Amer-
ican citizens as a portion of his constituents.
They are scattered over the wh-ole country,
Norths East, West, and South. I am proud
to acknowledge that among my truest and most
warm-hearted people are many men of Irish
birth who have sworn fealty to this Government.
Further than that, these men never forget in
the enjoyment of their great rights as American
citizens the oppressed of their own land. True
to their instincts, true to their religion, and
true to their God, they never forget the loved
ones at home. They are not unmindful of the
struggles for liberty in the land that gave them
birth. Irishmen are patriotic, are examples
of kindness, and of strong attachments to kin-
dred and friends more than any other people
on the globe.
The wrongs of England toward straggling
: Ireland, in the eloquence of Ireland's states-
j men and orators, have been likened to tbe
I straggles of the American Colonies against that
I same arrogant, despotic Power. The long list
of grievances against the king by the Conti-
nental Congress may be held up to-day against
the same rower by the downtrodden people
I of struggling Ireland.
I repeat only part of that record against
England:
'' The history of the present king of Great Britain
is a history of injuries and usurpations. He has
refused his assent to laws the most wholesome and
necessary for the public good." * * * *
" He has dissolved representative bouses repeat-
edly for opposing with manly firmness his invasions
of the rights of the people." * * * *
"Hehas kept among us in times of peace stand-
ing armies."
The Colonies enumerated the acta of oppres-
sion, and Ireland repeats now the history of
her wrongs.
England's queen has the charity that belongs
i to woman; yet England's despotism denies
, what Ireland demands—independence. That
I independence is denied because, says the de-
fender of the President, it is an effort to divide
; the empire of Great Britain, and it is '^sympa-
! thy with an assault npon the integrity of the
I kingdom of Great Britain." Sach were the
appeals when our fathers pledged "fortune,
life, and sacred honor" to maintain the great
truths in their declarations against the British
empire, and such are the appeals now by Ire-
land's sons.
Sir, the President of the United Slates is
asked by this resolation to inform the Con-
gress as to these prisoners, these citizens of
ours, incarcerated in dungeons in a foreign
State. These men are white American citi-
zens. They are men who love onr Govern-
ment. The men of their nationality have
stood by this Government from the beginning.
Their ancestry were our friends when this na-
tion was born; they have been our friends since
in all our struggles with foreign and domestic
; foes. They need and ask our protection now.
; Shall all the sympathy, till the honors of this
great Government be bestowed upon the new
element in our system'! Shall the negro, in
his almost barbarous stale and condition, but
yesterday made our equal by your legislation,
. by your power, receive at our hands all the
honors, protection, and support of the Ameri-
can nation, or will you not listen to the feeble
utterances of your own sons, men of your own
race and color, coming to us from across the
waters, slaves to British power, chained and
manacled in British prisons '!
Your Administration, so cautious in regard
to provoking England's hostility and England's
, wrath and vengeance, hesitates, while delay is
starvation and death to these unfortunate men.
Your President, though pledged by a platform
that declared his party in '• sympathy with all
oppressed peoples struggling for their rights,"
hears these moanfnl cries for justice, yet the
; appeals are heard without response from our
i j Government. The gentleman, speaking I doubt
| not the views of the Administration, quotes the
11 language of John Bright, a member ot' the
11 British Government. Mr. Bright says:
' "We have given Ireland free churches and free
schools, and I hope before long we shall give them
': free land and a free vote."
! This is all that England promises for poor
Ireland. The American nation is asked to
extend no sympathy to a downtrodden people
; in her efforts to be free, but is asked to trust
to England's promises in behalf of her Irish
; subjects.
j All these things were enjoyed by Ireland
,! once before. She had more ; she had ber Par-
liament; she had a nationality. Her history re-
i cords that her Parliament was disbanded, her
I orators and statesmen banished, her sons put
| to death, her priests hunted down like dogs,
her common schools closed, and under British
dominion and thralldom even the right to wor-
ship God according to the dictates of con-
science denied. Can we say it will not again
be Ireland's fate? Sir, the outbreaks of her
people again-and again in determined efforts
to be free show the latent fire in her patriotic
people. She will be free, not now, perhaps, but.
such a people cannot be slaves. Her people
have willed it; her sons and daughters bave
sworn it; the world looks on at her struggles,
her Bufferings and devotion, and bids her God
speed.
" The mind of & nation when long fettered
and exasperated will struggle and bound, and
when a chasm is opened will escape through
it like lava from the crater of a volcano I" Ire-
land's struggles for independence have attracted
the attention of the civilized world. Every
patriotic citizen of this land has always felt the
deepest sympathy for her liberty-loving people.
I will stand by her people while J hold a
place here. I will not laugh at her calamity,
nor mock when her fear cometh. The Govern-
ment, whose Representatives are now eonsid-
eringa great question in reference to its citizens
beyond our own soil, I hope will, without one
dissenting voice, demand justice for «very
American citizen, native-born or naturalized,
whether at home or abroad.
If it be the last word I speak and the last
vote I shall ever give in the American Con-
gress it shall be in favor of this resolution, so
that the humblest citizen, native or natural-
ized, may know that to be an American citizen
is to be honored and respected at home and
protected upon every sea, in every land where
the flag of our country waves under the sky of
heaven.
[The remarks of Messrs. Jones of ken-
tucky, Willard, Kellogg, and Muxgxn, will
appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. KELSE Y. Would it be in order to allow
members to print remarks on mattersand things
in general in this debate ?
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent.
Mr. KELSEY. Then, perhaps, that consenl
had better be given.
