1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1305
The question was on the following resolu-
tion, reported from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs : . , ,
Jlesohed hi the House of liepresentntiven. That the j
President ol'the United States bo requested to com- >
municatetotbis House, if not incompatible with the
nublic interest, any information which may have
come to his knowledge concerning American citi-
zens, whether native or naturalized, who may be at ;
this tiirio confined in the jails or prisons of Great
Britaiaforpolitieal offenses, and any facts in rela-
tion to the treatment of such prisoners whie'n he may
feel at liberty  o communicate. 1
The question was put; and the resolution was ;
agreed to. I
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by !
which the resolution was adopted ; and also '
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid !
on the table. j
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION CONTEST VAN WYCK VS. GREENE.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I call up the ;
report of the Committee of Elections in the '
election contest from the eleventh district of .
New York.
The Clerk read the resolutions reported by
the Committee of Elections, as follows :
Resolved, That Hon. George W. Greene is not
entitled to a seat as a Representative in the Forty-
First Congress from the eleventh district of the State
of New York.
liesolved, That Hon. Charles II. VanWyck is enti-
tled to his seat, as a Representative in the Forty- ;
First Congress from the eleventh district of the State
of Row York.
The minority of the committee reported the
following as an amendment to the resolutions
of the majority :
Resolved, That Hon. George W. Greene was legally
elected to the Forty-First Congress, and properly
holds his seat as Representative from the eleventh
eongressional district of New York.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, '
the majority of the Committee of Elections
reported to this House several days since that
from the facts and circumstances presented in
the record of both the contestant and the con-
testee the contestant was elected as a Repre-
sentative in the Forty-First Congress from the
eleventh congressional district of the State of
New York. The majority for the contestee as
returned seems to be 323. Upon that point
there is no difficulty and no dispute. But
the great question which arises in this case,
and first to be determined, is whether the
naturalization of more than eight hundred
foreigners in a short period of a few weeks
before this election was conducted according
to the laws of the United States and the State
of New York. The sitting member admits
that itwas not regular.
Now, by a resolution of the House the
Committee of Elections was required to invest-
igate and determine these questions accord-
ing to law and as simply a judicial body. If
tlie naturalization of persons who desire to
become citizens of this country is to be con-
ducted according to law, both national and
State, then not one of these eight hundred
men who were naturalized in this congres-
sional district within a few weeks before the
election was properly naturalized according to
the law of the land.
Sir, when I began this investigation I will
acknowledge that my feelings were with the
sitting member, from what I had learned out- i
side of this record. I took it up not with a
partisan view, but with a determination to
ascertain the facts and apply the law so as to i
arrive at a just and honest conclusion in the '
matter regardless of partisan feeling.
_ What are the facts? Sir, the facts embraced
m this record are new to us who live in another !
portion of this country. We are not accustomed i
to the frauds and corruption and bribery and
perjury that are demonstrated in this record of 1
the election in this congressional district. It '
is not confined to candidates or their friends,
but it reaches to the bench ; it goes to the 1
very foundation of our republican institutions.
Sir, when we take up this record and go back j
a few years what do we find are the facts in '
regard to naturalization in this congressional !
district? In the county of Orange, one of the
two counties composing this district, it had been
usual to naturalize from fifty to one hundred
persons. But, sir, within a few weeks before
this celebrated election in the State of New
York, more than eight hundred aliens were made
citizens, as if by magic, by the ready, easy, and
convenient machinery run in the interest of
the Democratic party and for the Democratic
candidate.
I invite the attention of the members of this
House to the schedules marked B, C, D, and
F, in the book of testimony in this case, be-
ginning at page 133. They are taken from the
records of the clerk's office for the county of
Orange. While they are not authenticated, as
is usual in the case of papers coming from a
court of record, still oue of the witnesses went
to the clerk's office and copied them, and the
clerk of the court compared the copies with the
original record, and swears that they are true
lists of those who were naturalized in that
county.
That is not the only remarkable feature con-
nected with the naturalizations in the eleventh
congressional district of the State of New York.
Eight hundred and thirty-odd persons were
naturalized in a few weeks before this election ;
whereas heretofore from fifty to one hundred
persons were all that were usually naturalized
annually in this good county of Orange.
Now, to show how easy and how convenient
it was to be changed from an alien to a citizen
in the good county of Orange, and how readily
witnesses were obtained to swear that the ap-
plicant had been in the United States and in
the State for a sufficient time, and had de-
meaned himself as a good citizen, let me state
that the name of Patrick O'Brion is put down
as the witness in forty-seven of these cases.
Now, every Patrick O'Brion in that county was
j summoned as a witness, and the whole of them,
i four in all, testified that they had acted as wit-
ness but in five cases. So it is shown that
forty-two of these ready and convenient voters
were made so by having the name of Patrick
O'Brion attached to their application for nat-
uralization, and attached there by some one
not authorized to do so.
There is no evidence on the part of the con-
testee to rebut that statement. There is not
an effort made, not an insinuation even, to
show that the Patrick O'Brionswere mistaken
in what they testified, or that there were others
of the name in this district. The minority
report fails to meet and answer that great fact
in regard to naturalizations in this good county
of Orange.
But that is not all of the fraud and corrup-
tion in naturalizations in the county of Orange.
Out of the number of eight hundred and over,
more than five hundred are claimed to have
come into the United States before they were
eighteen years of age, and consequently they
could be naturalized without having obtained
their first papers. Now, what was the object of
that ? It was in order to carry out this precon-
certed, prearranged, and predetermined con-
spiracy which was entered into in the State of
New York to carry the elections, both State
and Federal, of that year. More than five hun-
dred of them are put down as having arrived
in this country before they were eighteen years
of age. Yet when you come to the proof,
when you bring them up and test the matter
according to the laws, not one of them, if I
recollect the testimony correctly, but what dis-
closes that that was not true.
Now, sir, that we may understand this great
fraud and wrong that was perpetrated upon the
people and the country, let me call your atten-
tion to the following circular of the Democratic
Central Committee:
Goshen, October 30,1863.
The Democratic Central Committee deem it im-
portant to cull your attention to the law relative to
the rights of naturalized and other electors at the
polls at the coming election. Aecordingtoan opin-
ion of the attorney general of tins Stato, given Octo-
ber 19, 1868-
Yes, Mr. Speaker, the attorney general, the
legal adviser for the Democracy of the great
State of New York, gave an opinion which
there is not a New York man upon this floor,
who has any pretension to any knowledge of
the law, who would not blush for. What was
that opinion ?
First. The law does not require a naturalized
citizen in any case to present his certificate of natu-
ralization to tus board ol inspectors on offering his
vote on election day. Such board has no legal righ t
to require it.
Second.. If his vote bo challenged, let him demand
that the general oath be administered. It' the per-
son offering his vote takes this oath, his vote must
be received by the inspectors. The preliminary oath
need not bo given if the voter desires to take the
general oath, and when this oath is taken lie is not
required to answer any further questions, and 110
person has any right to put other questions to him.
The recent outrages perpetrated by the Radical
party in Pennsylvania upon naturalized citizens
induce your committee to call your attention to the
above facts, believing that you will see that thestricc
letter of the law will be carried out, and that none
entitled shall be deprived of the right of franchise,
D. B. IRWIN,
C. M. LEONARD,
B. F. EDSALL.
D. C. DCJSENBERRY,
E. A. BROWN,
Central Committee of Orange county.
A. C. NIVEN.
JOHN D. O'NEILL.
F. -M. ST. JOHN,
GEORGE M. BEEBE,
1). G. STARR.
B. W. WINNER,
STEPHEN W. ROYCE,
JAMES H. STRONG,
Central Committee of Sullivan county.
This opinion of the attorney general was
published and sent abroad by the Democratic
Central Committee of the respective counties
composing this district. Sir, is that opinion in
accordance with the law ? The law requires
that whenever a voter presents himself, and is
challenged, he shall first take the preliminary
oath ; that then, if he demands the administra-
tion of the general oath, it shall be adminis-
tered to him. Having taken these two oaths
he can vote if he sees proper, but he votes at
his peril. The inspectors of the election have
no right to refuse to receive hi8 vote. The law
makes him the sole judge, in the first instance,
whether he has been legally or illegally natu-
ralized, whether he has resided in the county
or the State the time required by law. If he
takes the preliminary and the general oath the
inspectors, according to the law of New York,
are required to receive his vote, though they
may arrest him, or have it done if they see
proper, as soon as he has cast his ballot.
While upon this point, I undertake to say
that there was not a voting place in that con-
gressional district, where the Democracy had
a majority of inspectors, where they did not
refuse to put the preliminary oath when its
administration was demanded by the Repub-
lican inspectors wherever there were any at
the voting place. That is not all, Mr. Speaker.
So far as regards the corruption and fraud in
this congressional district they did not stop
with the judges of the registry and of the elec-
tion ; they did not stop with the candidates
and their friends, but they reached to the
courts. After this registration, and after this
illegal naturalization had been going on for
some time in the good county of Orange, an
honest district attorney thought it his duty as
an officer of the State to investigate the fraud
and corruption which had been going on in
that county. When the court met a grand
jury was organized for the investigation of
these frauds, and witnesses were brought before
the grand jury. What was the result? Was
there an honest effort made by the judge and
the grand jury to investigate this matter in
such a way as to satisfy public opinion in the
district? An effort was made by the district
attorney to bring witnesses before the grand
jury in order to arrive at the facts, to punish
the guilty and vindicate the innocent. But
how was that effort seconded ?
Ah, Mr. Speaker, to the mortification of
every honest man in the country the Demo-
cratic foreman of that grand jury suppressed
