4138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June G,
the treaty and the act of 1861, and tliat was in
the year 1861; and it now to me would be a
violation of faith to the Indians, it would be a
violation of the plain words and obligation of
the treaty of 1866, and it would be a denial of
justice by a great nation to a feeble remnant
of the sons of the forest, to deny them interest
upon these bonds' from 1861 to 1866.
I trust that the justice of the Senate and
the magnanimity of the Senate will respond to
the justice and magnanimity of the nation, and
will give to these fallen and fading sons of the
forest the simple amount of what is their due
and their right according to the literal obliga-
tion of the Government.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. The proposi-
tion is presented as one to carry out the treaty
of 1866 with the Choctaw Indians, and the
argument is in favor of amending the treaty.
The effort, as I understand, of the Senator
from Kentucky and the Senator from Con-
necticut is to amend the treaty of 1866, and
make it what it should have been.
Mr. DAVIS. Not at all.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I think it
would be proper to reject the amendment ab-
solutely altogether, and wait until the Govern-
ment has settled the matter in regard to the
true construction of the treaty of 1866. It is
a matter of no consequence whether the bonds
are issued now or next year. If Senators think
the Committee on Indian Affairs construe the
treaty improperly, it is an easy matter to settle
that question by the parties who made the
treaty. Both the Indians and the Government
assented to the treaty. The Senate gave its
consent to the treaty of 1866, and this amend-
ment was offered to carry out that treaty ; but
now the effort is, as I understand, to amend it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on tlio amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut to the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky.
The question being put, a division was called
for, and the ayes were nineteen.
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CORBETT. This proposition was before
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and it was
decided by the committee to allow interest
from 1866, as it was provided in the treaty that
these bonds should bear interest from 1866,
and consequently that the Indians should not
get iuterest on the bonds during the time they
were in rebellion. The committee decided that
according to the treaty they had no right to draw
interest on the bonds except from 1866 ; and
hence they instructed the Senator from Ken-
tucky to report an amendment in accordance
with that view. The Senator from Connecticut
now proposes to allow the Indians interest on
the bonds during the time they were in rebel-
lion. It was decided by the committeo to allow
interest from 1866, and, standing by the decision
of the committee, I shall vote against the propo-
sition of the Senator from Connecticut and in
favor of that of the Senator from Kentucky,
as originally proposed.
Mr. MOltliiLL, of Maine. I have not been
able to give this matter a very careful examin-
ation ; but there are one or two prominent
tacts which are not controverted that will con-
trol my vote on this question. I am anxious
to be entirely just to the Indians and I sympa-
thize entirely with the views expressed by the
Senator from Connecticut, whose general sense
of justice I am sure always leads him in that
direction ; but I cannot keep out of sight the
fact that these Indians did go into rebellion and
during a portion of the time which would be
covered now by the payment of interest, they
were absolutely enemies to this Government,
and maintained that attitude, in which what-
ever rights they had of course were suspended
and might have been entirely forfeited.
At the close of the war we granted an entire
fall amnesty to these Indians, forgave thom all
their- past offenses, and we undertook to do
certain things by the new treaty. I have just
glanced at it. We did say that we would per-
form our obligations to them, and among other
things there was an obligation anterior to the
war 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senatorpermit me to
make a suggestion to him ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. We recognize the obligation
of our Government to the Indians to the full
extent that they had existed before the rebel-
lion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So I understand.
I think the language of the treaty is full and
explicit to that effect, that whatever obligations
there were before we did recognize; but I still
think that it is susceptible of the construction
put upon it by the Senator from Indiana, that
we meant to say, " There is a law by which you
were entitled, years ago, anterior to the rebel-
-lion, to $250,000 in bonds, and it was never
executed. We will execute it now; that is, in
I860, the date of the treaty." I submit that
that does not necessarily, nor do I think it can,
except by a violent implication, carry interest
back to 1861. I doubt whether by a reason-
able implication it carries with it anything
more than an obligation to issue thatamountof
bonds, as of 1866.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Allow me to ask a
question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. When the treaty of
1866 says "we will renew our obligations to
the Choctaw tribe as of 1861," I ask how those
obligations can be fulfilled unless the payment
is made as though it was in 1861?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That obligation
was not an obligation to pay a certain sum of
money with interest. I do not understand that
that obligation was an obligation in the nature
of a bond bearing interest, or in the nature of
a promissory note bearing interest.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It was an obligation
to pay interest on bonds from 1861. That was
the original obligation. Now, how can we, five
years after, renew, confirm, fulfill that obliga-
tion unless we go back and pay the interest?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But the bonds
were never issued.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. No; butthey ought
to have been,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In contemplation
of law certaiu bonds were to have been issued
in 1861. They never were issued ; so as a mat-
ter of fact there never was a contract between
the Government of the United States and these
Indians by which we agreed to pay them inter-
est ; but while it was in that condition the In-
dians maintained relations to the Government
which did not justify them in asking a perform-
ance of that obligation. Now, my proposition
is that when they come in 18G6 and ask us to
recognize an obligation which bore date anterior
to the war, if wesay " We will issue these bonds
which but for your conduct would have been
issued in 1861, we will issue these bonds in
1866," it seems to me at least that that is a
compliance with the terms of the treaty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I voted before upon a division, as 1 shall
not vote again after the explanation of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
and I thiuk other Senators, perhaps, misunder-
stood the question. I certainly did. If this was
an original question, without any embarrass-
ment of treaties, would any Senator think of
paying these Indians interest on a debt due
during the time when they were actually in
rebellion ? I think not; and if the treaty is
susceptible of the interpretation of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations I
think it is our duty clearly to take that inter-
pretation of the treaty.
Now, what is the practice of the Govern-
ment? It is not to pay interest in any case
unless by specific statute it is provided in the
particular instance that interest is to bo paid ;
but on any debt that is due from the Govern-
ment never has it been the habit of Congress
to pay interest. Now, this treaty goes on the
principle that we shall acknowledge the debt
in 1866 as it was in 1861. It does not provide
specifically that we shall pay interest on it
from that time to 1866, and not having so pro-
vided I do not consider it to be due. I shsi.Il
therefore vote against the amendment of the
Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. WARNER. I have not read this treaty,
but as I understand the explanations of the
Senator from Connecticut, the Senator from
Kentucky, and the Senator from Maine, it was
clearly provided in the treaty after the war
that the obligation of the United States toward
these Indians should be discharged as though
they had not been in rebellion. I understand
the Senators to agree on that statement of
facts as to the treaty.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Butthatwould
not carry interest unless it was so specifically
provided. It would only carry an obligation
to pay the debt as it existed in 1861.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say to the Senator from
Alabama that the treaty of 1866 explicitly, in
the plainest language, recognized all the obli-
gations of the United States Government to
the Indians as they had existed before the
rebellion.
Mr. WARNER. That was the statement
which I understood the Senators to agree
upon, that the United States by the treaty of
1866 agreed to discharge these obligations to
the Indians as though they had not been in
rebellion. The amnesty for rebellion was com-
plete and entire. I do not see how we can dis-
charge that obligation in good faith without
allowing them interest from 1861. '
Mr. HOWELL. I understand that these
bonds are twenty-year bonds when they are
issued, and that we are to pay interest on
them. Is that the provision of the treaty? I
so understand. Then it is not a very great
question financially to the Government when
we commence paying the interest, whether it
be in 1866 or 1861; and to save the point of
loyalty I am very much in favor of 1866.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator from Con-
necticut is right in his construction, then his
proposition does the Indians injustice, because
he gives the Indians" a twenty-year bond, the
interest to commence back. Of course the
bond runs out that much sooner. They are
not to have the twenty-year bond from this time,
according to the proposition that is made.
But, Mr. President, it was clearly not the
intent of this treaty to put the Indians in the
same position as if there had been no rebel-
lion. It was not the intention to ignore the
fact of the rebellion ; but the treaty proceeds
clearly on the hypothesis that the money was
forfeited, and the Government agrees to pay
the same sum that it had formerly paid, but it
fixes the time when this payment should begin
and when the thing starts. _ That is all there
is of it. It does not intend to ignore the fact
of the rebellion, but recognizes the fact of the
rebellion by treating it as a forfeiture, and
agrees to pay the same amount, but fixes the
time when that amount shall be paid from a
period in the future, the end of the fiscal year
that was then running.
Mr. 1LANAGAN. It seems to me that it
is a simple question that is presented. Is there
anything due to the claimants? If so, it is
known to the Senate that this is a Government
of power, justice, and mercy. Now, sir, sim-
plified, we owe these Indians nothing or we
owe them principal and interest. It appears
that there is no question so far as the principal
is concerned. Then in our power we certain]}'
ought to be associated with justice, and we
ought to give to the weak party that which lie
is equitably entitled to. If it was a strong
government that we were at issue with the
case would be a very different one. Such is
not the caso here. It is a veiy weak parly that
we are dealing with. It -is a matter of giace
to a great extent, under any circumstances.
