1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
41st Cong....2d Sess.
State of Georgia—Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
protect a State against domestic violence. I
knew as well as the Senator did that the appli-
cation must come first from the Legislature if
it were in session, and if not in session from
the Governor. The amendment could not' be
considered as drawn with any intention to con-
travene that provision of the Constitution, but
manifestly, in subjection to it, and, of course,
even if it passed in the shape in which I drew
it, it never could be acted upon on the request
of the Governor while the Legislature was in
session. The gentleman is critical. I admit
that technically he has got the point on it; but
that presupposes that I did not know what was
in the Constitution, or, as he states it, was
intent upon violating its very terms.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator has admitted that his proposition is uncon-
stitutional ; that a Governor of a State has no
rigBt to call upon the United States for forces
to put down domestic violence while the Legis-
lature is in session ; and his excuse for offering
such a proposition is that he supposed, although
the law authorized the Governor to do so, the
Governor would know enough not to do it.
The Senator says that he has made but one
speech on the subject. I have not all the Globes
before me, but I think those Senators who were
here yesterday will remember that the Senator
occupied the floor for two hours yesterday in
discussing his amendment. That certainly
ought to go for one speech. The Globe in my
hand contains a column and a half by Mr.
Drake on the same subject on the 19th of
March. Perhaps that does not go under the
name of a speech.
Mr. DRAKE. I was referring to speeches
since the presentation of the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was the time it
was presented. Then there was one discussion
of it intermediate, if I am not mistaken.
But, sir, I was saying the Senator quietly
withdrew it. Whether he thought that he had
introduced an unconstitutional amendment or
not, certain it is that he amended it very much
afterward, and the amendment as he has it
now in one respect is an improvement on the
other, because the present amendment now
reads—■
That whenever it shall appear to tho President,
from an application by the Legislature of any State,
or by tho Governor of such State when the Legis-
lature cannot be convened. &a.
In that respect there is an improvement on
his first amendment; but in other respects it
is still at war with the Constitution, as I shall
show. It provides that the President shall
send into the State where the disturbance
arises—
Such number of the troops of the United States
as may bo necessary for the suppression of such acts
of violence or obstruction, and the subjugation or
dispersion of such organizations and combinations.
That the President has the right to do now
under existing law. That is the present law;
but here is a new provision :
And the officer commanding such troops, upon
arriviDg in the county or district where suen organ-
isations or combinations shall have been represented
to exist, shall declare martial Jaw over such county
or district, with suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus, if such suspension be authorized by tho Pres-
ident, and shall take all measures known to martial
Jaw for the suppression of such organizations and
combinations, and the punishment of parties en-
gaged therein, and shall hold and maintain military
jurisdiction over all persons arrested by his order
until their cases shall be finally disposed of; and
t,hall proceed to lovy upon and collect from the in-
habitants of such county or district a sum of money
sufficient to pay tho expenses of the transportation
of such troops from the point whence they were
ordered to tho point of their operations in such
county or district, and all other expensesof his com-
mand, except pay and olothing.
This is as palpably unconstitutional as was
the other provision as the Senator from Mis-
souri first introduced it. What! A lieutenant
of dragoons to be allowed-to declare martial
law and suspend the writ of habeas corpus!
Why, sir, it has been a disputed point in this
country, even in a time of war, whether the
Presideut of the United States himself could
suspend the writ of habeas corpus without the
authority of an act of Congress. But the Con-
stitution. of the United States is as clear as
words can make it that neither. Congress nor
Presidents, nor both together, can suspend the
writ of habeas corpus except in time of war.
The people of this country prize their liberties
too highly to trust with anybody this power of.
military despotism, except when pressed by
invasion or rebellion the public safety should
require it. But, sir, the Anglo-Saxon race have
struggled for too many centuries to establish
the great right to the writ of habeas corpus;
they have struggled too long to establish con-
stitutional governments andto regulate liberty
by law to willingly put it into the hands of any
man' at his discretion to exercise military des-
potism over them. Why, sir, what is martial
law? The will of the commander to imprison
and hang and do what he pleases with the pop-
ulation under his command, and that his army
can control. What gays the Constitution ?
" The privilege of th'e writ of habeas corpus shall
not bo suspended unless when in cases of rebellion
or invasion the public safety inay require it."
Only during rebellion and invasion, and then
only in case the public safety of the nation re-
quires it, can anybody suspend it; and yet the
Senator from Missouri coolly brings here into
the American Senate, in the face of the free
people of this country, who have not yet sur-
rendered up their liberties to Congress or any-
body else, who have given certain powers to the
Federal Government, arid to the Congress of
the United States for national purposes, and
who have reserved to themselves the right to
control their domestic affairs in spite of Con-
gresses or Presidents, a proposition to vest the
discretionary authority in a subordinate officer
to suspend this great writ which the fathers said
should never be suspended except when the
public safety required it, when rebellion or
invasion existed, which could only be in time
of war.
Mr. DRAKE. Not invest in a subordinate
officer the discretion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. His amendment says
that this officer may suspend it.
Mr. DRAKE. " If such suspension be
authorized bv the President."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; if the Presi-
dent authorizes him he may suspend the writ.
He is to do it. "He shall declare martial
law," no matter what the disturbance; there
is no discretion; this officer shall put every
man, woman, and child within the county or
district under martial law, and quarter his
troops upon them in a time of peace. Why,
sir, I beg pardon for having used the word
"monstrous" in reference to this proposition,
because it. was offensive to the Senator from
Missouri; and I would say nothing which
should offend him; but there is no term which I
could use—there is no expression I know of
that in fitting words could adequately condemn
such a proposition as this in the eyes of the
American people.
The people themselves at home in their own
States, managing their domestic affairs, may
take such action to keep the peace in every
county as they think proper. They may sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus among them-
selves. The Legislature of Georgia or of
South Carolina may put a county under mili-
tary control. It is an act of their own; but
the people of this country have never given
the power to this central Government at Wash-
ington, not even to President and Congress
combined, to declare martial law, or to sus-
pend the writ of fiabeas corpus in a single
county in a State, not even in time of war,
except it be a war of invasion or rebellion, and
then only when the safety of the nation re-
quires it.
• I will say .no more,' sir, in regard to that
amendment, though there is much more that
ought to be said in its condemnation.
I desired to say a word to the colored mem-
bers of the Georgia Legislature-whofhave been
brought here for the purpose of creating u,
public sentiment that should prolong the Le-
gislature of that State and give power to the
men nowcontrolling the State, contrary to the
constitution of the State. If my voice could
reach them, and if it could reach every col-
ored man in the South, I would say beware
how you usurp unauthorized power. Remem-
ber it was by usurpation, injustice, and wrong
that your race was enslaved for centuries, and
now in the first hour of your emancipation do
not become the advocates of usurpation and
wrong. This may be turned upon you. An-
other Legislature in Georgia or in some other
State once in power may seek to perpetuate
itself orto exercise powers in violation of your
rights if you now set the example.
I think that too much attention is being given
by the colored people of the South to this right
of suffrage and political questions. I voted to
give them the franchise. I am glad to have
them possess it: I believed it was necessary
to the institution of loyal governments in. the
South—necessary to the maintenance of the
liberties of the colored man himself that he
should have the right to vote. But going to
the polls once a year and depositing a vote for
somebody he never knew, and perhaps never
heard of till then, will neither give him shelter
for his wife and children nor a home for him-
self. To make the colored man an independent
man he wants a homestead, he wants a little
cabin where he may gather his wife and his
family around him, and that shall be his castle
and his home, into which none can enter with-
out his permission. Let him turn his atten-
tion to that, and exercise the right of suffrage
too. Let the colored men and their friends,
instead of devoting their whole energies to the
organization of the colored people for voting
purposes, organize them into labor associations,
teach them sobriety, industry, and the import-
ance of having a home that they may call their
own ; for no class of people will ever be reulij-
independent, and feel that manhood which
should belong to men, till they have homes that
they may call their own. So long as they are
mere tenants or hirelings they are dependents;
and in my judgment the best thing for the col-
ored people to do to establish their real inde-
pendence and liberty is to provide themselves
with homes of their own.
I would say to the people of my State, and,
if my voice could reach them, to every Repub-
lican in this land, "Beware how you undertake
to impose a constitution, or a Legislature in
violation of the constitution, upon an unwill-
ing peoplefor it is the making of a constitu-
tion for the people of the State of Georgia if
you put into it a clause that their Legislature
shall hold two years longer than the people
themselves have said. 1 would say to my
Republican friends, "Remember the rock on
which the Democratic party split—that great
Democratic party which had substantially
ruled this country for more than half a cen-
tury, had carried it triumphantly through the
war of 1812, through the Mexican war, and had
administered its affairs to the satisfaction gen-
erally of the people, under whose administra-
tion the Government had grown to an unex-
ampled degree in the histofy of the world."
That great party in all its strength, in 1856
undertook to force upon the inhabitants of the
then feeble Territory of Kansas a constitution
against the will of that people, and on that rock
that party went down, to rise no more till it
shall again become the advocate of justice, lib-
erty, and equality.
The Republican party has had a noble career
and has ^ glorious history. Less than ten years
