1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2251
annually (and more than any other people,) assists
in sustaining a nation that has always followed a
policy bo^t'le to tho interests of the Uuitod States,
and during tho late war rejoiced at tho dissensions
and troubles that prevailed in tho Republic, sent
armed vessels to destroy our commerce, and aggra- j
vated the baseness of her conduct by refusing up to i
the present to make compensation for her treacher-
ous couise.
That the various European nations, owing: to tho
protection of their industry hoingcompetent to sup-
ply the requirements of their own people and com-
pete with England in some blanches,lier necessities
will compel her to force her goods on this market to
the detriment of our manufactures, in which millions
are invested and which benetitthewhole population.
That instead of supporting this Power, and suffer-
ing themselves to be led into commercial subjection
to her, tho best interests of the United States dictate
a desiro fur her overthrow, as calculated to give
liberty to tho people she oppresses, bring us into
closer relations with them, and release the nation
from the hostile competition and antagonism to
which its industrial progress is exposed.
That ns Irishmen wo are, from our own experience
and acquaintance with the history of our native
country, well calculated to penetrate the aims of
British policy, and are alive to the efforts of ling-
land to destroy the industry of rival nations.
That from an early period England employed spe-
ci.il measures for the destruction of Iiish industiy,
with the view of subduing a formidable rival and
exterminating the peplc.
'That from 1T82 to 1800, when a native Legislature
existed, it fostered and protected native industry,
and the country made rapid and gratifying progress.
That since England by corruption and violence
destroyed that Legislature, and deprived the country
of national government, its industry has disappeared
and the people have emigrated in large numbers
from want, of employment.
That with abundant water-power, extensive min-
eral resources, a genial climate, and commanding
commercial position, Ireland remains without diver-
sified manufactures, and imports quantities of iron,
copper, and lead, while her own mines remain unem-
ployed, and has to accept for her agricultural pro-
duce the rates in the English market, where it enters
into competition with the products of the world.
That the Irish people, viewing the immense na-
tional lo^s and sufferings entailed by connection
with England—the want of a native government and
consequent ruin of their homo industries—are in a
state ol avowed hostility to England, and only await
a favorable moment, particularly such as would bo
afforded by a. wai with this countiy, tu drive her
forces out of the country.
That wo emigrated to this country to share the
treat advantages it offers. That we cherish a deep
and lasting attachment for it, and dosirc to sec it
advance in glory and greatness.
That this great object can only be attained by the
piotection of industry, as manufactures form the
basis of national strength and permanent prosperity.
Your memorialists, therefore, ask that increased
protection shall bo given to all industries which re-
quire it, and that in all changes in the tariff the
interests of domestic industry shall be considered
paramount to every other consideration.
WILLIAM BLAIUE,
ROBERT CAMPBELL,
and eighty-four others.
Mr. GILFILLAN. Mr. Chairman, reduce
the price of labor in this country to the stand-
ard in Europe, grind down the wages of
laboring men to a mite that will only give them
a bare subsistence, and you inaugurate a system
that will inevitably undermine and destroy our
free institutions. Place the colliers of Penn-
sylvania upon a level with those of England,
where thousands are born and live and die
miles underground, too ignorant and degraded
to even desire to see the light of heaven; or
bring down the pay of the factory laborers of
this country to the scanty pittance paid in
Europe, and the degradation of our working
classes is complete.
Sir, when you succeed in so far degrading the
productive labor of this country as to bring down
the wages of full-grown men to the sum of $2 20
per week, the price of labor in England, you
will want no further protection in this country.
But, sir, I am not willing to exchange the con-
dition of the free, prosperous working sover-
eign men of this country, who are now able to
support and educate their families, for that of
the downtrodden working classes of Europe,
who are scarcely able to earn daily bread, and
have not one half of the necessaries and none
of the luxuries of life. Our working classes,
sir, are the glory of our country. When we
visit our free schools and find them filled with
the happv and intelligent children of this class,
preparing themselves for the highest usefulness
in life, we can well appreciate the wisdom of
crar laws and the glory of our free institutions.
Bat, sir, reduce the price of labor to this
foreign standard, and upon every hand you
would meet squalid poverty. Tour free schools
would be deserted, and instead of the bright-
eyed intelligent children you now meet among
those classes, you would see them pale and
overworked, as are the children of such classes
in Europe. The labor of the father would be
no longer sufficient to support the family, but
the little hands of tender children would have
to be employed to earn a few pennies to aid
in the family support and to enable the father
to compete with the pauper labor of other
countries. The laboring men should under-
stand that the question of protection is not a
question between the manufacturing capital of
this country and Europe, but is a question
between the free labor of this country and the
pauper labor of Europe.
Sir, the pressure for free trade lias its con-
ception in New York, the great commercial
metropolis of our country. That city is the
great center of foreign agents and manufac-
turers, who have no sympathies or interest with
the people of this country, but who congregate
there to hold commerce with the great Babylon
of America, and carry away the silver and gold
of our people and make them payers of tribute
to the crowned heads of Europe. New York
lias fattened, it is true, on this commerce, but
her wealth is not general nor well distributed.
While her merchants and importers are clothed
in purple and fine linen, her shivering desti-
tute poor outnumber those of any other city
in the country in proportion to her population.
Free trade begets aristocracy and humiliates
and degrades honest labor. But protection and
labor mutually support each other, and, like
twin sisters, go hand in hand. The profits on
manufactures are, under the protective sys-
tem, always divided between the capitalist and
laborer, and are equally advantageous to both.
The purely agricultural portions of the West
seem to have struck hands with tke New York
aristocrats in their scheme to break down pro-
tection. If the western farmers were enabled
to accomplish this purpose I think they would
find when too late that their policy had been
most suicidal. When they succeed in turning
manufacturing capital into farming, and in
driving millions of men who are now purchas-
ers and consumers of their products into agri-
cultural pursuits, they will then understand the
difference between a home and an unstable and
unreliable foreign market. When they come
in competition with the farming interests of
Europe, with the advantage of short and cheap
transportation against them, they will then
realize the follies of free trade.
Some of the vast landholders of the West
who would be able to hold their grain till a
short crop in Europe would afford them a mar-
ket, might not suffer so much fromthis policy,
for the large reduction in the price of labor
would be some compensation to them. But,
sir, I trust the laboring men of Iowa and New
York will teach those who are aspiring to be
feudal lords in the West and merchant princes
in the East that the labor of this country will
submit to no such degradation.
Mr. Chairman, I think the safer way for us is
to be "guided by the lamp of experience," and,
sir, the history of this Government teaches us
that our greatest prosperity has been enjoyed
under protective tariffs. This view is not only
sustained by the experience of our own people,
but is advocated by the ablest statesmen and
political economists now living. The whole
theory is tersely stated by that distinguished
statesman and philosopher, M. Thiers, in the
following patriotic utterance: ,!I wish to de-
velop the labor of my country; that is, I wish
to create it where it is not, and to maintain it
where it is."
I now yield to the gentleman from Ohio for
fifteen minutes.
MESSAGE Fit051 TIIE SENATE.
The committee informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
was received from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlik,
one of its clerks, notifying the House that that
body had passed a bill (S. No. 550) to incor-
porate the National Union Savings-Bank of the
District of Columbia, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
The committee then resumed its session.
TARIF1?.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Chairman, it had
not been my intention to trouble the committee
further if it had not been my fortune to fall
under the high displeasure of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.] On the
eveningwhen I began my humble effort on this
bill I was happy to have the assurance of his
concurrence in my views; but it seems that"he
afterward took what I said under considera-
tion, and came back in a few days with a ter-
rible anathema against me. He intimates that
I misrepresent my constituents. He confesses
how little he knows of my district; and I can
assure him that if his views were not so extreme
and obnoxious he might have known more.
He cites tables of the report of the Cincin-
nati Chamber of Commerce for 1869 to show
the manufacturing done in that city. I am
obliged to him for thus illustrating her power.
He shows she manufactures goods to the value
of $104,657,712 a year in 3,000 establishments,
with a cash capital of §49,824,124, employing
55,275 hands. If the gentleman had looked
twice into those tables he would have found more
than half the laborers employed .to beworkers
in iron, wood, leather, and paper, which I ask
to have cheaper. He would have found that
nearly 2,000 hands are employed in preparing
articles of food, producing over $16,000,000
annually, packing pork, and otherwise prepar-
ing provisions for market. Therefore I want
freesalt. He might have discovered that 11,61" .
hands were employed in the manufacture of
articles of clothing, producing $10,807,715. I
submit a statement taken from the tables cited
by the gentleman showing the number of hands
employed in these branches and the value of
their products for 1869 :
Hands. Product.
Iron   9,412 $17,083,628
Wood 6,974 10,253,563
Leather  4,994 -6,348,432
Books and publishing  3,290 4,(533,794
Clothing 11,617 10,807,71o
Provisions    1,907 16,0o3,b3i-
Total 38,194 565,190,764
The high tariff is a burden upon all these
industries and upon every man connected with
them ; and I will meet the gentleman in my
district or elsewhere on the views I have had
the honor to express. I have tliis to say to
him, however, that for my part I hold it to be
the duty of a Representative iu Congress to
represent no special interest, but to speak and
vote for the greatest good of the greatest num-
ber, not only the people of his district but of
the people of the country at large. The gen-
tleman is welcome to be the Representative of
local special interests on this floor ; but I must
say that I see but little difference between the
conduct of a member who occupies that posi-
tion and one who makes himself active in pro-
curing office for his constituents. _ I am glad
the gentleman has thrown from his shoulders
that burden and proclaimed that he will not
return to this House unless he is to be freed
from all obligation to procure office. He ought
also to hang out another and a brighter banner,
and say, 1 • I will not return to the Hall ot
the Representatives of the people unless as an
independent Representative of the general in-
terests of my constituents and of the coun-
try at large. I will no longer be the slave ot
local special interests." . .
The gentleman assumes that I do injustice
to the State of Pennsylvauia. Mr. Chairman,
the gentleman himself has not the power suf-
ficiently to eulogize that State. Situated on
the ocean, the l&kes> and the nvers; "with great
