5084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
of Maine, Morrill of Vcrmont, Morton, Osborn, Pat-
terson. Pomcroy, Revels, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer,
Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, "Williams, and
Wilson-35.
ABSBJJT— Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattcll, Cole,
Conkling,Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton ol'Texas, liar-
Ian, Howard, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg, Norton,
Nye, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Saulsbury, Spencer,
lhayer, and Yates—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to amend the bill
by inserting at the proper place, in the forty-
seventh or tariff section, the following:
On cotton thread, warps, or warp yarn, not wound
upon spools, whether single or advanced beyond the
condition of single by twisting two or more single
yarns together, whether on beams, or in bundles,
skeins, or cops, or in any other form, valued at not
exceeding forty cents per pound, ten cents per
pound; valued at over forty cents per pound and
not exceeding sixty cents per pound, twenty cents
per pound; valued at over sixty cents per pound
and not exceeding eighty cents per pound, thirty
cents per pound; valued at over eighty cents per
pound, forty cents per pound ; and in addition to
said rates ot duty, twenty per ccnt. ad valorem.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know anything
about tins subject. I have not given it any
attention ; but as the Senator says his propo-
sition does not raise the duty I am willing that
it shall be put on.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have looked
at the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island, audi am satisfied that it isa proper one.
It is merely to catch spool thread that is im-
ported here before it is wound on the spool.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I have an amendment to
propose which rneels the approbation of the
chairman of the Finance Committee, it is to
insert after line two hundred and sixty-two of
the forty-seventh section of the House bill, on
page 100:
Avdprovidedfurther, That all animahbrought into
the United States temporarily and for it period not
exceeding six months, for the purpose of exhibition
or competition lor prizes ottered by any agricultural
or racing associations, shall be admitted frco of duty
upon bond being first given, in accordance with reg-
ulations to be prescribed by tho Secretary of the
Treasury, with condition that the full duty herein-
before imposed shall be paid in case of the sale of
any such animals in tho United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I offer another amendment,
to come in as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That all provisions of
existing laws whereby any tax or duty is laid upon
bequests or devils, or transfers by deed, grant, or
gift, made or intended to take offeet, after the death
of the grantor, of any real or personal property, in
trustor otherwise, for public uses of aliterary, edu-
cational, or charitable character, or upon any real
or personal estate wliich may become subject to any
trust as aforesaid under any past or future disposi-
tion, which if made in favor of an individual would
confer oil him a succession, be, and the same arc
hereby, repealed, and no taxes heretofore levied
thereunder, but not paid, shall be collected.
i will state to the Senate, by way of explan-
ation, that this measure passed the Senate some
months ago in a separate bill, but it is pre-
ferred by members of the other House that it
should be attached to this bill. It meets the
approbation of the Committee on Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I have an
amendment to offer, to come in justbefore the
tariff sections of this bill as a new section :
Sec. ■—. And be it further enacted, That from and
after tho passage of this act there shall be a tax of
one per ccnt. levied on the amount of notes issued
and paid out by any State bank or State banking
association to be used for circulation as a currency,
and that such tax shall be assessed and paid by such
banks or banking associations, in such manner as
shall he prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Itevenuc; and that all acts and parts of acts incon-
sistent with this act he, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
1 had intended before the adoption of the
five-minutes rule to submit some remarks to
the Senate showing the necessity of either en-
tirely repealing the tax on State bank circula-
tion or of reducing it to the revenue standard.
J now bring the subject to the attention of the
Senate, not for the purpose of consuming its
precious time, but for the purpose of giving
notice that next winter, when there will be time
for argument, I shall press the measure with
all the means and ability in my power. I think
it is indispensable, in the present condition of
the country, that something of that kind should
be done. The apparently irreconcilable differ-
ences between the Bast and the West can, I
think, be reconciled under such a proposition
as this, and the local wants of the country in
all sections relieved.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am glad the Senator
does not intend to press this proposition to a
vote seriously, because it would reopen tho
whole question of the existence of the national
banks; and I do not think it worth while for
us to discuss that matter on this bill.
< The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to strike out all
the tariff sections of the bill, except the pro-
visions in regard to sugar, tea, and coffee.
Mr. SHERMAN. The provision as to sugar
has already been stricken out.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to strike out all the
tariff sections except the items I have named
and the free list.
The motion to strike out was rejected—ayes
eight, noes not counted.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to amend the bill
by inserting after the word " repealed," at the
close of page 38, the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall bo con-
strued to impose any tax on tho sales of n, distiller who
sells distilled spirits of his own production ; nor upon
the sales of any commission morchant who sells dis-
tilled spirits of domestic productionin quantities of
not less than forty gillons in original packages, Irom
which he derives 110 other benefit or profit than a
commission for handling and selling such spirits.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will take the question on concurring in the
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole collectively if there bo no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 want two amendments
reserved, the section on page 39, as to the lax
on gross receipts, and also the question of
income tax. 1 wish these two amendments
reserved.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments specified by the Senator from Ohio will
be leserved. Are there any other exceptions?
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to have the clause
in regard to sugar reserved.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let me suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that I have an amendment pre-
pared to put in about sugar, which will come to
the same thing.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there
any further exceptions ?
Mr. SCOTT. I gave notice that I desired to
have reserved the amendosent of the committee
fixing the duty on nickel and alloy of nickel.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire, also, the question
of coal to be excepted.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was not in tho bill
originally; the Senator from Massachusetts can-
not reserve it.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to have a separate
vote on the fifth section, on the seventy-seventh
page, about the income.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is
already reserved.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I have another sug-
gestion to make, and I think if we shall fol-
low it we shall get through soon, and that is,
that we first take the vote again on the ques-
tion of the income tax, because that dominates
this bill. If the income tax is retained in any
form, as a matter of course I will withdraw the
objection about sugar and gross receipts. Then
1 hope we shall take the vote on these ques-
tions without rcdebating them, because every
moment's time occupied now is adding to the
evening session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio asks unanimous consent that
before voting on the general amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole the first ques-
tion shall be on the income tax. Is there any
objection?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I make a
suggestion to the Senator from Ohio. The Sen-
ate is thin. Members are absent. We ought
to set a time for that, and have a full vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt Senators
are within call.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It isobjected
to. The question, then, will be, according to
the usage of the Senate, first on concurring in
the amendments of the Committee of the Whole
not reserved.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
say that I shall move to strike out line one
hundred and eighty-three of section forty-
eight, on page 100, as follows: "Sulphur or
brimstone, crude."
Mr. WARNER. I desire to reserve for a
separate vote the amendment I offered in re-
gard to cotton-spinning machinery, for the pur-
pose of having the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was not
agreed to in committee, and it cannot be re-
served. The Senator can renew it at the
proper time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we are losing
more time than we should spend by taking the
amendments as they come.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is now receiving exceptions according to the
usual course. There are a great many other
amendments. Are there any further excep-
tions?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is an amendment
put upon the bill that continues an income tax
upon salaries and dividends that I should like
to have excepted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the whole subject of income to
be reserved.
Mr. TRUMBULL, That was put on sep-
arately. ["No.'']
Mr. SHERMAN. It is all reserved.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there
any further exceptions?
Mr. SHERMAN. If there are no further
exceptions, I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the income tax amend-
ment. It is perfectly within the power of the
Senate to take up any particular amendment,
and I am surprised 
Mr. CASSERLY. The objection I made
was because I deemed the Senate too thin for
that vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I presume before the
vote is taken the Senate will be as full as it
can be. We cannot really vote intelligently
on the other amendments till that is settled.
I no not desire to speak on it myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio^ moves that the vote be first taken
on the subject of tho income tax. The Chair
understands this motion to be in order.
The motion was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole, so far as
respects the tax on incomes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The effect of that is to
discontinue the tax on incomes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Except upon
salaries for this year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That exception I want
to get at.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That ques-
tion is now up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will save time by refer-
ring the Senate to the precise sections that are
involved. On page 77, at section thirty-five, is
the beginning of the income tax aud terminat-
ing on page 87.
