8196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
May 8,
tew a capital. In the innumerablethapes into whioh
it is converted.
"Steel, after it has passed from the hands of ;!:o
artisan nnd mechanic, nnd taken the form of tools
and machinery, to which purposes it is almost wholly
applied, U still raw material, as much as it was in
its primitive condition. It is always, whatever may
be the form into which it is converted, an instru-
ment—a means to a further end. Disconnected
from such end it Unothing. Bat tor tools our forests
could not be cut down or removed,so as to open tho
soil to the hand of man. But for them, deposits of
eoal.andof iron, lead, copper, ailver, gold, and other
ore , could not be uncovered, raised, and rendered
the subjects of industry and use. But for them,
neither commerce, nor wealth, nor civilization even,
could have had an existence. The progress of a people
is, in lact, always to be measured by the perteotion
of their tools and processes, which either abridgo
labnr or render it more etiicient nnd productive.
AYith uothing but the scythe and sickle live times
the lueu now employed could not gather the grain
and grass crops of the country. Without tools tho
works which distribute thesecrops to the consumer—
tho ship and tho railway—could never havo been
eoiiBtrueted. Tools lie at the basis of all production
and distribution, and a nation is rich in tho proper
subjects of taxation—accumulated wealth—just in
proportion to the perfection, abundance, and cheap-
ness with which taey are supplied.
"It has, consequently, for the reasons stated, been
tho poliey of all Governments, and none more than
our own, to release raw material, tools, and prooesees
of all kinds from taxation, thatthatwhich was com-
paratively valueless might become the subject of in-
dustry and eon verted into forms fitted for thocomfort
and support of man. Such were the arguments which
led to the recent repeal of all internal revenue laws
imposed by the exigency of the late war upon most
of tho manafacturing processes, and upon coal, cot-
ton. ores, and other material tuat form the basis of
our meehanical industries.
"Tho excessive duties imposed on steel are among
the causes of tho decay threatening the destruction
of many of our most important branehos of industry,
such as ship-building and the manufacture of tools
and machinery for exportation. AH snch industries
comeinto direct competition with those of other coun-
tries where steel issubjeot to no other charges than
cost. In consequence of high duties our commerce
is being rapidly transferred to sh\ps of othernations.
For the same reason our mechanics and artisans are
being driven out of all foreign markets, for whioh
they formerly competed on equal terms. With the
continuance of the present, rates we must soon ccase
to be a commercial people, while our mechanical in-
dastriea must be wholly restricted to our domestic
markets."
Mr. COX.> I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Mew York {Mr.
Griswold] by substituting 3 J cents for 2 cents,
as proposed by that gentleman. I desire only
to say that I think 3j cents is an enormous tax
on this article, bat 1 make this proposition in
order to secure the help of many liberal gen-
tlemen on the other side who are in favor of
reducing the tariff rather than of increasing it,
and who have acted with us in reducing the
ratps in some previous paragraphs.
Mr. COBUBN. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment to the amendment. As 1 understand it,
there is not much difference in regard to grade
or quality between the steel described here as
"steel of all shapes or forms, cast, cut, rolled,
or hammered to pattern, not otherwise pro-
vided for," and the steel described in the pre-
vious paragraph as "steel in ingots, blooms,
or billets, and rolled or hammered steel in
bars, rods, sheets, slabs, plates, bands, coils,
or strips." This steel is cut np by machinery
without involving any very great expense or
the employment of skilled labor. And I do
not see why any broad distinction should be
drawn between the steel described in this par-
agraph and that described in the preceding
one. The steel described here enters into all
manner of tools, agricultural implements, me-
chanics' tools, and machines. It is the steel
used for mill saws and cross-cnt saws. It is
what is used as steel for machinery, coach-
spring steel, shovel steel, hoe steel, common
Cast steel, blister steel, file steel, horse-rasp
steel. It includes these and other kinds of
steel that are used in the ordinary implements
which laboring men are accustomed to handle
daily all over the land.
Now, inasmuch as we have cut down the
doty to 21 -cents per pound on plate steel and
slab steel and sheet steel, it strikes me that it
would be fair to reduce this to about the same
level. I will vote for a proposition to make
the duty on this class of steel 2J cents a pound.
A duty of Bi cents is too high, for there is not
a corresponding difference between the steel
mentioned here and that on which we have put
the duty at cents. This amendment inti-
mately concerns the whole working population
of the country. Every laborer, every farmer,
every mechanic who uses a tool or implement,
as well as every man who makes or works a
mill or machine, is taxed at an increased rate
by the provisions of this paragraph, ranging
from 44 per cent, on steel for hoes and plowB
up to 77 per cent, on cross-cut saw plates,'
and still higher up to steel fish-bars cut to
pattern, at the enormous increase of 225 per
cent. Good and cheap tools are absolutely
necessary to prosperous and profitable work.
Compared with the protection of a few per-
sons who cut steel to patterns the protection
of the thousands who work with the tools of
the mechanic and farmer in the various walks
of life is vastly more important. The men who
use the implements and machines made from
this class of steel are as a thousand to one
when compared with those who manufacture
it. In view of this fact alo/^e a decision is
easily made. The duty under the present law
affords ample protection ; too much, in fact;
and there can be no excuse for supporting the
bill, but rather the converse proposition, to
reduce the duty fixed by law.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. I rise to oppose the amend-'
ment offered by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. GriswoLd.] I desire to say that the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. CobuRnJ is se-
riously mistaken in sapposing that the labor
involved in the forms of steel embraced in this
paragraph is done by machinery, or is not
highly skilled labor. I apprehend there is no
branch of mechanics that requires a greater
degree of precision of eye and hand, and more1
accurate judgment, than the making of many
of the articles embraced in this paragraph. I
have stood beside the trip-hammer with not
only admiration but surprise at seeing the man-
ner in which a heavy bar was handled, perhaps
by two men, while a third guided the strike, or
a small bar, turned readily by one man, and
the perfection with whioh the work was done.
The gentleman from Indiana probably does
not know that we are only nowiraporting skilled
workmen in that branch of business, that it
has been so recently introduced among us that
we have been unable 'to train any yet, and
that there are men earning $25 a day at some
of the very branches of work which he says
are done by machinery, getting extraordinary
wages for the privilege of introducing these
skilled branches of work into our midst, and
giving to the young American workmen in steel
works the advantage of the example of the
highest experience and training from the con-
tinent of Europe.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentlemaa allow
me a question right there?
Mr. KEIsLE Y. If it be a pertinent one, yes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will endeavor to make
it pertinent. The gentleman says we are im-
Forting skilled workmen from the Old World;
suppose from the "pauper-labor" countries
of Europe.
Mr. KELLEY. Please put your question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Ought we not to put a
tariff on that class of skilled laborers in order
to protect our own people so that we can edu-
cate skilled workmen in this eountry?
Mr. KELLEY. I am thankful to the gen-
tleman for having asked that question. This
country is the asylum for the oppressed and
downtrodden. It is an ample and adequate
asylum. Under all its acres lie vast-stores of
mineral wealth, and we bring the oppressed
laborer of Europe under the wages that I am
striving to maintain for him, and we make him
and his children free and enlightened Ameri-
can citizens. I am ready, sir, to keep our
doors as widely open as they are to the skilled
men or unskilled men that command add value
to our acres and skill to onr producing capacity.
The wages they get abroad are so small. that
they come gladly to us while we keep a tariff
that will protect our Bystem of wages. But
when, as in 1869 and I860, we get the tariff
down to free trade, and they have to come to a
strange land to compete with the wages ofhome
from which they have fled, they cease to come;
they bear in their own homes the ills they know
rather than fly to others among strangers of
which they know not. Sir, in 1860 and 1801,
with a free-trade tariff, we saw, what we had
seen in 1837-88 under a similar tariff, more
men emigrating from the United States than
there were coming into it as immigrants, and
a few Votes Such as the last given here will
have an effect on wages in this country that will
check the immigration that is adding to the
value of every acre of land in Wisconsin, that
is peopling it, that is cheapening transportation
from one end to the other of our country by
developing mines, building forges, furnaces,
and steel-works, and giving to your railroad
companies local travel and local freight and
transportation both ways.
As I have had occasion to remark more
than once, we now pay double transportation
on our wheat. It is sent to the sea-hoard, and
the cars are returned empty. We pay double
transportation on our autumn shipments of
goodstothe West, because the cars run freighted
only one wivy. I am for welcoming the skilled
and unskilled men of Europe. Give us free
trade in stalwart men, men who were raised
through puny infancy and childhood, through
boyhood, into stalwart manhood, and the con-
dition of skilled workmen at the expense of
other nations. Let them come to us and make
tfs rich and powerful.
[Here the hammer fell.].
Mr. COX. I will modify my amendment
so as to make it 3 cents instead of 3J cents.
I believe we can oarry that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] makes
substantially the same argument that my friend
from New Jersey [Mr. Cleveland] makes. He
tells us that one of the objects of protection is
to prevent the poor people, the laboring classes
of America, from being obliged to compete
with the pauper labor of Europe. And in the
next breath he tells us that manufacturers are
importing laboring men from Europe, skilled
men, and that the object of the tariff is to
enable them to bring in the skilled labor of
foreign countries to compete with the poor
laborers of this country. And yet he goes to
the people, and tells them that all his efforts
are in, the interest of the masses, in the inter-
est of tho laboring men, and not in the interest
of the manufacturers.
Mr. KELLEY. I yielded to the gentleman
for a question. Will he now return the com-
pliment?
ELDRIDGE. I will, ifr as the gentle-
man said to me, it is a pertinent question.
Mr. KELLEY. Are yon not likely to in-
crease the rate of wages on the other side of
the water by drawing their skilled workmen
from them by the offer of higher wages here?
And are you in favor of immigration ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will answer the last
question of the gentleman first. I am in
favor of immigration. I say now that the-only
way in which the gentleman's question is at
all pertinent is that his object in importing
the skilled labor from Europe to this Country is
to increase the wages of labor in Europe.
Mr. KELLEY. In the interest of mankind
everywhere.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Instead of working in
the interest of the people in his own district,
in his own State, in hts own country, he is
working in the interest of the people of foreign
countries.' In that the gentleman is perfectly
consistent, and the position is characteristic of
himself. Instead of representing the manu-
factures and the manufacturers of his own dis-
trict, he is constantly proclaiming upon this
floor that he is laboring in the interest of the
people of my district, tho farmers of my State,
