1308
m& GONORESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
that Democratic board of ioapeetars quit put-
ting the lawful oath; made them violate their
official oaths and disregard the law. Mr. Greene
and his friends would not let the law work out
the wise and wholesome purpose for which it
was enacted. Is this disproved; is it contro-
verted?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURR obtained the floor.
Mr. CHURCHILL. 1 hope that by the con-
sent of the House the gentleman from Ten-
nessee {Mr. Butler] will be permitted to con-
clude his remarks.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Loogh-
kidge in the chair.) That caa be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope that the gentle-
man will be allowed additional time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. How much
time does the gentleman from Tennessee
desire ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Not long.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the gentleman will
have granted to him the same courtesy which
was extended to me the other day.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be
no objection the gentleman from Tennessee
will proceed with his remarks. There is no
objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
farther testimony shows that there were 140
voters for the contestee who were not entitled
to vote. It appears that in the town of Ham p-
tonburg the inspectors refused to comply with
the law in putting the preliminary oath, the
challenges, &c.
The proof as to the first district of Newburg
will be found on pages S3, 34, S5, aud 36.
Daniel T. Weed swears that he bad resided in
the district about thirty-eight years, and knew
most of the voters, and that more than 19
voted on illegal papers the Democratic ticket.
At the fourth ward of Newburg, Thomas Booth,
a witness, swears, on pages 37 and 88, that he
had resided in said ward over thirty years, and
knew the voters of the same, and that 51 or 52
voted illegally the Democratic ticket, and there
is no evidence to rebut the same. At the second
wafd of Newburg, Thomas McAlles, on pages
45, 46, and 47, swears that he has lived in said
ward fifteen years, and knows the voters, and
attended said ward as an inspector, and that 50
voted on illegal papers for the Democracy. He
swears from a list he had in his possession. No
evidence appears to rebut the same. Also, at
the third ward of Newburg, on pages 44 and 45,
John Corwin, an inspector of registry and
election in said ward, had lived in the ward
nearly two years, and in the city thirty years,
knew most of the voters, and that 9 or 10
voted for the Democracy on illegal papers.
No rebutting evidence appears in the record.
Also, the first district of New Windsor, on
pages 57 and 58, J. De Witt Walsh swears he
resided in said district fifty years; that 4 voted
for the Democracy on those illegal papers, and
these names appear on schedule C.
I now refer to the evidence of William B.
King:
" Question. Where do you reside?
"Answer. At Chester.
" Question. How long have yon resided there?
' Answer. Twenty-five or thirty years, or more.
" Question. Do you know the voters in that town ?
^Answer. Generally.
" Question. Did any alien* in thai town gataatural-
nation papers lost fail ?
"Answer. Yes.
" Question. Have yon a list of tbem ?
"Answer. James O'Reil Icy, Thomas Murphy, Pat-
rick O'Donnell, lliehacl Regan. Frederick W. Ellen,
Patrick Sben.n ; those were New York city papers,
signed by Charles E. Low, clerk. Those who were
naturalized in Orange county arc, Edward Foley,
Roger Hays, Martin O'Bourk, William Kennedy,
Patrick Kennedy, Thomas Stiflcy; I know this from
Thomas Fair, who was the witness for these men.
,, Question. Did these men all vote ?
Ajuwer. I was present when they .ill voted bnt
Martin 0 Itonrfe, and from the poll-list, ho voted
alter I left, the polls.
,, Question. \\ hat ticket did theeo men vote ?
Answer. Ihe Democratic ticket, by the outside
appearance or letters; the difference could be easily
discovered! or seen by the headings. I have can-
vassed the town for years, and know how these men
vote.
"Question. Was youi*httention called to the matter
of illegal and fraudulent naturalization papers and
illegal voters before election ?
"yiiisioer. Yes.
"Question. Did you investigate this matter beforo
election?
"Answer. Yes, sir; in order to get on track of tho
papers.
"Question. Who were the inspectors, and their
politics, at the last election in your town ?
"Answer. John H. Vail. Mill D. Stevens, Demo-
crats, and William A. Vail, Republican.
"Question. Did either of the Democratic inspectors
know before election that you were making such
investigations?
(Mr. Millspaugh objects to more testimony on this
point.)
"Answer. Some of the leaders of the party knew it.
"Question. Didcither of tho Democratic inspectors
say anything to you about your challenging before
the voting commenced?
"Anstoer. Yes.
"Question. State what it was.
"Answer. One of them, before they organized the
board on the morning of election, notified mo that
if I deterred or scared away voters they had resolved
to pat me under arrest."
I allude to this testimony from the fact that
in the minority report we iind this language:
" The only objection urged to the Chester poll is
that 12 men voted there who 'got their papers Inst
fall.' It is not proven that there were more than 3
such votes; but tho number is not material unless
illegality be shown. It is not proven how these men
voted."
I refer to this point for the purpose of show-
ing that by the evidence these voters are shown
to have been illegal and to have voted the
Democratic ticket; and further, that this wit-
ness who had announced his intention to chal-
lenge, was notified that if be deterred voters
from the polls he would be put under arrest.
The inspectors were two Democrats and one
Republican ; and doubtless tho intention was to
deter this man from challenging these illegal
voters whose names he gives. He swears they
told him that if he deterred men from voting
they would put him under arrest. This fact is
but another link i n the chain of evidence, show-
ing the fraud and corruption practiced in this ;
congressional district.
At the second district of Goshen, or Mape's
Corner, on page 86, John Kavanaugh swears
that 10 voted the Democratic ticket on illegal
papers, and gives their names. Also at High
land Mills, town of Mouroe, pages 125 and 126,
Samnel R. Weeks, a witness, swears that he
has resided there forty-one years, and attended
the election in said district as an inspector,
and that 13 voted on illegal papers the Dem-
ocratic ticket. Also at the town of Monroe,
district one, on page 126, Robert Ashman
8 wears that he has resided in said district forty
years, and attended the election as an iu- {
Bpector, and that there were from 12 to 20
voted on illegal papers; and two deserters.
One voted the Republican ticket. The com-
mittee placed the number at 13 who voted
illegally the Democratic ticket. Also at Mid-
dletown, in the town of Wallkill, Joseph Craw-,
ford, a witness, called by contestee, swears
that he and Colonel Young stood behind the
inspectors, and that from sixty to seventy per-
sons registered on papers obtained at New
York, and that they took a memorandum of
the same. Also, same witness swears that forty
were registered on Orange county papers, mak-
ing one hundred by the lowest figures. Same
witness swears that these persons never went
after their papers nor went off their work. (See
testimony, pages 161 and 162.) JI. B. Young,
a witness for contestee, swears, on page 186,
that 64 voted on the New York papers, and
all on the Orange county papers, the Demo-
cratic ticket. Also at the first district of Cochec-
ton, Sullivan county, Gideon Wales, on page
107, swears that he has lived there since 1852,
and that 26 voted at that district, and gives
their names as per schedule G; but witness
cannot state bow they voted. The laws were
| violated and disregarded by the inspectors of
I the election. All three of the inspectors were
Democrats, and one of thero not legally ap-
pointed. While the proof shows no increase
in the population, there was again of more than .
50 votes in the district for the Democracy, and
the Republicans polled their usual rate, and
but one conclusion can be arrived at from the
facts in the case, that the 2b iilegal voters, if
not more, voled the Democratic ticket.
In Lumberland district, Oscar Lambert, on
page 110, swears that he lias always lived iu
said district, and that 3 persons voteu illegally
the Democratic ticket. The inspectors were
all Democrats and showed much partiality, and
the Democrats formed a ring around, so that,
no one could challenge the voters, and the vote
was largely increased for the Democracy, while
there was no increase in the population or fall-
ing off of the Republican vote. Also at Porr,
Jervis, town of Deerpark, third district, (i.
F. Vinall, a witness, on page 07, swears he has
resided in said district six years; that Port
Jervis is an incorporated village ; that G per-
sons voted who were not on the registry, 5
voting the Democratic, 1 the Republican,wilich
after takiug the 1 Republican vote from the 5
Democratic votes, leaves 4 illegal votes for the
Democracy. Same witness, on same page,
testifies to 4 more votes polled for the Democ-
racy on illegal papers signed by Jarvis, and
! particular attention is called to the evidence
: on page 73, so as to show the character of the
papers signed by Jarvis. Also said evidence,
on page 73, discloses further and other natural-
, ization frauds.
Now, sir, I invite the attention of the House
. to this testimony on page 73 :
1 " Richard Tracy sworn for Mr. Van Wyek:
" Question. Where do you reside?
"Answer. Town of Deerpark.
" Question. How long have you resided thero?
"Answer. For twelve or thirteen years, off and on.
" Question. Were you in ihattown previous to last
fall's presidential election ?
"Answer. I was, sir.
"Question. AVero any naturalization papers sent
to you or to your place of business, intended tor per-
sons residing in Deerpark?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Now, Mr. Tracy, pleaso state all you
know about it?
"Answer. AVell, about aweck or ten day3 previous
to tho presidential election, I received lifty-fivo or
sixty naturalization papers for distribution. They
were distributed from my place.
" Question. How did they come to your place ?
"Ansicer. In packages done up in a small tin crcam
of tartar box, not locked. It was sent to my place
or left by parties unknown to me. I received an
anonymous letter stating I was to receive this box,
and it gave me instructions how to distribute the
papers.
" Question. State what the instructions were ?
"Objected to because letter should be produced,
and upon being asked by Mr. Van Wyck after letter,
says it has been destroyed.
"Objection overruled.
"Answer. The instructions were that parties would
call for these papers, and it instructed mo not to
hand the papers to the parties, but to leave them in
the box in the front shop, and the parties would get
the papers themselves. I left the box in the front
shop as directed.
" Question. W cr© names of persons on the papers ?
"Answer. I suppose they were; I never examined
but a few of them.
" Question. Did men come far these papers and
get them?
" Answer. I suppose so; whenever I saw men com-
ing for them I went in the back shop and disap-
peared and got out of doors.
" Question. Were they all taken ?
"Answer. All but fourteen.
" Question. Where did they purport to he issued ?
"Anncer. I can't exactly say; in the city of New
York, but in what court can't toll.
. " Question. Whose name was signed to them ?
I " Answer. I believe the last name was Jarvis."
| Now, sir, there is evidence of the character
! of this naturalization. This kind of papers we
were told was genuine ; that they were right,
lawful, and genuine. They were to be sent to
this man and he was to pat them in a box,
but ho was not to be seen. He was to work
in secret himself in order tocarry out this fraud.
Nov, I ask that this House will not retain any
man in his seat upon any such naturalization
papers as these.
Thus, it will be seen from the foregoing evi-
dence that at the aforesaid districts the sitting
member received 496 illegal votes.
By taking the majority of contestee, which
was 323, from the 496 illegal votes polled for
him, and it gives the contestant a majority of
173. The contestee charges that there were
