4140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
discharge the United States from that obliga-
tion?'
I will illustrate it by an example. Suppose
the ease of a war between the United States,
for instance, and Great Britain. The British
North American possessions constitute a part
of Great Britain, because they are depend-
encies of Great Britain. In that war the
people of England and all the people of tire
British possessions, except the Canadians, take
part with their own Government. The people
ot the British American provinces refuse to go
into the war with their Government and they
lake part with the United States. Previous to
this war there was a treaty subsisting, we will
suppose, between Great Britain and the United
States, by which the United States was indebted
to Great Britain in the sum of $100,000,000.
During this war, when the mass of the people
of Great Britain and the Government of Great
Britain, the only authority with which our
Government can deal, are waging war against
the United States, would it be competent for
the United States Government to pay this
$100,000,000 the Government had bound the
United States to pay by treaty stipulations to
Great Britain to the Canadians ; and could it
cancel the obligation to pay $100,000,000 to
the Government of Great Britain by paying it
to the Canadians, who had taken part against
their own country, with ourselves, in the war?
That is the case simply. What right, what
power had these individual straggling Choctaws
to receive the execution from the United States
Government of the treaty stipulation to issue
$250,000 in bonds? It is very unsound, I
think, to assume such a position. What power
was there to receive the execution of that stip-
ulation ? Not individual members of the Choc-
taw nation, but the accredited government of
ihe Choctaw nation was the power to receive
an execution or a commutation of' the obliga-
tions of that treaty to issue this §250,000 of
bonds.
I admit as a general rule, but not universal,
that a state of war cancels existing treaties;
but a subsequent treaty may restore the pre-
vious obligation. Suppose the position of the
honorable Senator from Ohio be true, as as-
sumed by the other members of the Senate,
that a state of hostility between the Choctaw
nation and the Government of the United
States canceled all treaty stipulations on the
part of the United States to the Choctaw na-
tion ; if that condition of things remained, the
gentlemen might have plausible grounds for
contendiug that this treaty and all its obliga-
tions had been absolved by the war. But after
the war had terminated the parties get together
again to make a new treaty, and these parties
are the United States by its accredited Gov-
ernment and the Choctaw nation by its govern-
ment ; and the previous existing obligation in
relation to these $250,000 of bonds and every
other obligation on the part of the United States
to the Choctaw nation, were fully, explicitly,
unconditionally recognized, and reaffirmed by
the Government of the United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, if it will
not interrupt my honorable friend, precisely at
that point I should like to put a question to
him, whether it is true that all obligations that
existed prior to the rebellion were by the treaty
ot 1866 reaffirmed? That is his proposition.
Mr. DAVIS. I will read the tenth article
of the treaty to the honorable Senator:
" The United States re affirms all obligations arising
out ot treaty stipulations or acts of legislation with
regard to the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations en-
tered into prior to the late rebellion, and in force at
that time"—
That is, at the time of the rebellion—
"not inconsistent herewith."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, can I not
point out an inconsistency with the treaty in
the construction the honorable Senator puts
upon it?
Mr. WARNER. Will the Senator read a
line further? The word "renews" occurs
there, which gives additional strength.
Mr. DAVIS. "And further agrees to renew
the payment of all annuities and other moneys
accruing under such treaty stipulations and acts
of legislation, from and after the close of the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, in the year
18C6.'' Now, I ask the honorable Senator from
Maine if the agreement by treaty of the United
States to issue these bonds did not amount to
a stipulation to pay money?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not now
arguing the question one way or the other; I
am asking for information, and I put the ques-
tion with a view of eliciting an answer from the
honorable Senator from Kentucky. I suggest
whether this statute of 18(55 is not inconsistent
with the payment of this money.
Mr. DAVIS. I admit that it is; but the
treaty has no reference to the act of 1865 ; it
is made irrespective of and overriding the act
of 1805.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
will allow me to state the proposition as I un-
derstand it. By the act of 1801, or by some
treaty or law prior to the rebellion, we were
under obligation to pay these Indians $250,000
in bonds, and the interest.
Mr. DAVIS. Under the treaty of 1855 and
the act of 1861.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now it is said
that by the treaty stipulations of 1866 that ob-
ligation was revived. That is the Senator's
proposition.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But it is not
absolutely revived; there is an exception. A11
the legal obligations anterior to the war are not
unqualifiedly and absolutely revived, I submit;
but there is this qualification, " and in force at
that time," that is, at the time prior to the
rebellion, "not inconsistent herewith."
Mr. DAVIS. Not inconsistent with that
treaty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is to say
all our obligations that existed prior to the
rebellion, and which were in existence at the
time when this treaty was made, are to be
revived unless they are inconsistent with some
act or the stipulations of this treaty. Now, I
submit whether the act of 1865 is not incon-
sistent. The question I put to the Senator is
whether the act of 1865 is not inconsistent with
the treaty obligation ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir, I admit that the act
of 1865 is inconsistent with the treaty of 1866;
but the treaty of 1866 has the paramount and
only effect of destroying, and it was intended
no doubt to destroy and to obliterate any effect
that the act of 1865 might have or might be
contended to have. That was one of the ob-
vious objects of the treaty of 1866 and of the
emphatic language which is made use of in
the tenth article. I think it is too plain for
doubt, much less for debate. I do not think
a question can be raised upon the force of this
language by its fair reading and its obvious
meaning and effect:
"The United States reaffirms all obligations arising
out of treaty stipulations or acts of legislation with
regard to the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations, en-
tered into"—
When ?
" entered into prior to the late rebellion, and in force
at that time, not inconsistent herewith."
Not in forcc at the time this treaty was made,
not in force at the time when the act of 1865
was passed, but in force in 1861, when the act
of Congress directing the issue of this $250,000
of bonds was passed. It is the obligation cre-
ated by the act of 1861 that is referred to, and
that is reaffirmed in this treaty, and reaffirmed
by two different branches of this clause:
" Tho United States reaffirms all obligations aris-
ing out of treaty stipulations or acts of legislation
with regard to the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations
entered into prior to the late rebellion and in force
at that time, not inconsistent herewith."
If the doubt which the honorable Senator
from Maine now suggests had been in the
minds of the parties who made this treaty, they
would have said, "not inconsistent with the
act of 1865 and with this treaty." There can-
not be any question upon any inconsistency
between the act of 1865 and the treaty because
the treaty reenacts the obligations of the Gov-
ernment with these Indians that existed prior
to the rebellion, without regard to the act of
1865 and in defiance of its provisions.
The Comptroller of the Treasury must have
a vast amount of official zeal to have his under-
standing beclouded so as to reach the conclu-
sion expressed in his communication to the
honorable Senator from Ohio.
This clause of the treaty goes on further to
provide that the United States—
"Further agrees to renew the payment of all annu-
ities and other moneys accruing under such treaty
stipulations and acts of legislation, from and after
the closcof the fiscal year ending on tno 30th of June,
in the year 1866."
The question is simply this: What obligations
of the United States to the Indians were in-
tended to be recognized by this article of the
treaty of 1866? It was every obligation that
existed on the part of our Government to these
Indians prior to the rebellion, and that was
not inconsistent with this treaty of 1866. Nov/,
if the honorable Senator or any Senator could
show a provision or any words in this treaty
of 1866 incompatible with the obligation of the
Government of the United States to issue
§250,000 of bonds to these Indians in con-
formity to the treaty of 1855 and the law of
1861, a question might be raised; but there is
no provision of the treaty that is at all in con-
flict with the position that the obligation of the
Government of the United States to issue these
bonds according to the treaty of 1855 and the
act of 1861 is by this treaty recognized in the
full force and effect that the old treaty and the
former act had had provided before the rebel-
lion commenced. I do not think there is the
least ground for a question in the minds of
men who are free from preconceived opinions
or prejudice in relation to this matter.
Mr. YATES. Atthe beginning of this debate
I was very much inclined to sympathize with
the views of the Senator from Connecticut:
but as it has progressed reflection has convinced
me that he is in error. There are two facts
which determine this question in my own mind.
In the first place the Government of the Uni-
ted States has paid the money to somebody.
It has paid §250,000 to somebody. The
question now is whether the United States
must pay that money over again. Unques-
tionably not, if it was" paid to the proper par-
ties; and it would not have been paid to the
proper parties if we had paid it to the Choctaw
tribe, who were then in rebellion against the
Government of the United States. It could
not have been paid to the proper parties if paid
to them. ^ The only proper parties were the
loyal portion of that tribe, the men who were
not^ in arms against the Government. The
United States paid them, and this subsequent
treaty of 1866, which is referred to, is simply
to reaffirm what had been done and to justify
the Government in the payment which it made".
I would like very much if I could vote to pay
this debt, for I am in favor of a liberal policy
toward the Indians: but we Lave paid it
already; we have paid it to the only proper
parties, and this subsequent treaty was simply
to reaffirm and renew the policy of tho Govern-
ment in that respect.
Mr. POMEROl. I think it ought fo be
stated that the treaty of I860 was not made
with a view of paying the Indian as though he
had not been in rebellion. We took in the
treaty of 1866 nearly ten million acres of laud
of these Indians and agreed to give them
$300,000, which was about three cents an acre;
and that sum we have never paid. Wo agreed
to pay it provided they would make the colored
men among them equal to themselves in their
allotments; but they would not do it, and we
would not pay the amount. So the fact is that
we did in that treaty settle the old score, begin-
ning anew, and, as I understood, for I was here
when it was made, we agreed to take all their
