1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3197
the agricultural population of the West. Now
he has become cosmopolitan in his represent-
ation, and is seeking to raise the wages of
labor in Europe in the interest of " God and
humanity."
The fact is the gentleman was unable to an-
swer the question I put to him. If his purpose
were truly and honestly to work in the interest
of the laboring population of this country, the
masses, he would put a prohibitory tariff upon
the pauper and labor immigration from other
countries. He would seek to preventthe skilled
workmen of Europe from coming here to com-
pete with dur own labor. He tells us that he
is working in the interest of mankind every-
where. Stillgreat in his conception, still grand
in his purpose, he is working to bring the la-
boring population of Europe over to this coun-
try, to make them citizens of this country, to
give them the advantages of a free country,
where they may work out a noble destiny, as
he phrases it. If that is bis purpose, then he
is certainly helping Europe; for so far as he
helps European labor be must bring them iri
competition with the laborers of this country.
If his doctrine be right, if his positions are true,
then the true way to protect the American
laborer is to put a prohibitory tariff upon the
immigration of any class of working people
into this country from foreign countries. '1 he
gentleman cannot escape that conclusion of his
premises. And this would be a much more
direct way of accomplishing his object than by
giving high protection to the manufacturer, bo
as to enable him to import labor from Europe
to compete with or deprive of work our own
laborers. The fact is the gentleman's premises
are wrong* and his conclusion, or the natural
conclusion therefrom, is wrong too.
[Hfere the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not desire
to take up the time of this Committee of the
Whole further than to present one point for its
consideration. The classification proposed in
this hill I am sure is better than the classifica-
tion in the present law, so far as protecting us
from frauds upon the revenue is concerned.
This classification is not like the old, where one
kind or one quality of steel ib placed in one
class and another quality in another, for blis-
tered steel and the higher qualities of cast steel
are equally in the two classes here proposed.
These classes relate chiefly to the forms of the
material of the same quality.
Class No. 2 of this bill consists of steel which
is imported cut into peculiar 6hapes,and fitted
for peculiar kinds of manufactures. But I think
the Committee of the Whole will agree with tne
that there should not be so great a difference
between the rates of duty on the two classes as
proposed in this bill. Without saying anything
more as to the rate of daty which should have
been fixed upon the first class, except that I
think the Committee of the Whole has made it
too low, I will say that I think there should hot
be so great a relative difference as the com4
mittee have reported, and for this reason: these
peculiar forms which are imported from Eng-
land are cut by machinery.
It makes but little-difference in the price of
tie steel whether it is cut iato one shape or
another. For instance, a large amount of steel
is brought into this country cut into shapes for
plowshares and plow-molds, and a large num-
ber of agricultural implementsare thus blocked
cot in the rough by machinery, and brought
ov®p to this country, needing but little labor
to finish them for use. I do not believe that
there is a difference of three fourths of a oent
per pound in the value of the articles embraced
in these two classes; and I think that to make
80 8reat a difference as is here proposed in the
f*tes is to discriminate against the agricultural
interests of the country.
Therefore, if the duty is to stand as now
weed by the Committee of the Whole on the
nrst class, I think we ought to have some-
'ling like the proposition now pending in re- i
g&rd to the second class. I think that one half
a cent' per pound, or $ 11 20 per toYi, is a suffi-
ciently great difference in the rates of duty on
these two classes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would like to ask my
colleague a question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Very well.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman says that
half a cent difference, in his opinion, is enough.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. But the gentleman also
says that a duty of 2J cents per pound upon
the first class is too low. Now, because wrong
has been done in that respect is he going to
follow it up by another wrong?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. When I see a
vote of twelve or fifteen majority, as was the
case on this clause, I think the power of a fact
accomplished has something to do with it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to vote for what
I consider just and right in reference to each
paragraph.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the amend-
ment, and upon the amendment to the amend-
ment is exhausted.
The question was then taken upon the amend'
ment to the amendment, to make the duty 3
cents per pound; and upon a division, there
were—ayes 61, noes 64.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. COX called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cox and Mr.
Kelley were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported that there were-'-ayes 78, noes 66.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CESSNA. I now move to amend the
amendment just adopted by inserting after the
\yord "three" and before the word "cents"
the words "and one half," so that it will read,
"on steel of circular shapes or forms, &c., 3%
cents per pound."
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I rise to a question
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Is it in order to
amend what has just been adopted by the Com-
mittee of the Whole ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to amend
by adding to it, in no other way.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I dislike to wrestle
with the Chair on a question of order; but it
seems to me that if this amendment should be
allowed it would be precisely as if the commit-
tee had adopted a certain number of dollars,
say ten dollars, and a member should move to
amend by adding ten dollars more. This
amendment proposes to add, it is true ; but it
is equivalent to voting out what the committee
has just voted in.
The CHAIRMAN. Itia not voting out what
the committee has put in. The general par-
liamentary rale is that an amendment which
has been adopted can be added to.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Cessna to the amendment of Mr. Gris-
wold, as amended by the adoption of the
amendment of Mr. Cox.
Mr. CESSNA. I call at once for tellers On
my amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cessna and
Mr. Farnsworth were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported that there Were—ayes 71, noes 69.
So the amendment to the Amendment was
Adopted.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Griewoi.d, as amended, to make the duty
3£ cents per pound.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to amend the
amendment so as to make the duty 8£ cents
per pound.
The CHAIRMAN. That is taking frOm the
Amendment as adopted by the Committee of
the Whole. It can now be amended only by
adding to it. The Clerk will read the rule upon
the subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
"An amendment which has been inserted may be
added to."
The amendment, as amended, was then
agreed to.
No further amendment was offered to the
paragraph.
The next paragraph was read as follows:
On steel railway bars, 2 cents per pound, and on
all railway bars ma'Ho in part of steel, li cents per
pound: Provided, That metal converted, cast, or
made from iron by the Bessemer or pneumatic pro-
cess, of whatever form ordescription, shall be classed
as steel.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by striking out the proviso
and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
And on metal converted, cast, or made from iron
by the Bessemer or pneumatic process, of whatever
form or description, 1 oent per pound.
Mr. Chairman, there is no paragraph in this
bill of greater importance than the one under
consideration, and to which I have offered this
junendment. The production of steel rails by
what is known as the Bessemer process is of
recent origin, and bids fairto work a complete
revolution in the Manufacture of railway bars.
The invention consists in part in bringing out
the steel direct from the pig iron without its
having to undergo the expensive intermediate
process of puddling. The actual expense of
manufacturing steel rails but little exceeds
that of iron, while its actual value for railroad
purposes is probably five times greater. It
may be made to greatly reduce the cost of
transportation and greatly increaaej;he speed
and safety of railway travel. Of course so im-
portant an invention has been patented. In
this as in other countries the patentee and his
assigns have exclusive privileges in its manu-
facture.
This privilege in the United States is limited
to three individuals. One is an honorable gen-
tleman, a member of this House, who of course
will vote against my amendment to reduce the
tax. Another is a distinguished ex-member,
who has been diligent in honoring us with his
presence on this floor daring the whole discus-
sion of these iron and steel items. Members
are largely indebted to this gentleman for his
valuable counsel and advice. With these two
is associated a distinguished gentleman of
Albany, in the State of New York, the three
having a perfect monopoly of the whole busi-
ness in manufacturing these Bessemer rails in
the United States. Not one pound can be
made without paying royalty to them. The
present rate of duty oti Bessemer steel iB 45
per cent, ad valorem, which is about the rate
contemplated by my amendment. This bill
proposes to doable the present duty and to tax
this article $44 80 per ton, or about $4,500
for every niile of road on which these rails are
used. This is not laid for the purposes of rev-
enue, for it will work a prohibition. To relay
the rofcds .now in operation in Missouri and
iron those in process of construction and pro-
jected would require an increased cost of more
than $13,000,000.
The argument so often vised that protection
i« necessary to sustain infant manufactures,
and that domestic competition will eventually
regulate prices, is not available here. No do-
mestic competition is permitted in thiB case,
and in your acts incorporating the various
Pacific railways you require the companies to
use the home-manufactured rail, thus effect-
ually closing the door against competition from
abroad. Thus for the next twelve years at
least the monopoly in these three assignees of
the patentee of the Bessemer rail is complete.
Mr. Chairman, the proposition to tax steel
rails $44 80 per ton, if successful, will be a great
outrage on the people of the West, and indeed
of the whole country. Were it necessary in
order to sustain the credit of the nation, or were
