WO.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
41st Cong....2d Sess.
State of Georgia—Mr. Fowler.
Senate.
rights of the individual. While the national
powers are in the interest of the individual in
his national relations, the powers of the State
are in his local and sectional interests. The rep-
resentative is here to give expression to the will
of his constituents, and he is supposed to bring
here their conscience, integrity, honor, 'wisdom,
purity, and fidelity. He knows no party and
represents no party, either in religion, politics,
or society. He is the representative of the
people. His mission is to execute their will.
His function is to do what they would do could
they be present in person. The trust is too
sacred, too solemn, too high to be committed
to an incompetent, unjust, or corrupt person.
No such man can represent the will of a con-
stituency. They are inflexibly honest andpure-
hearted. They are generous, wise, and chari-
table. They claim and are entitled to the
highest virtues, and can be represented by 110
other qualities. Gross immoralities, rash and
despotic tempers, intemperate, profane, and
vulgar men cannot represent any people. The
man who carries into legislation the love of
party or the interest of an individual or a class
as a rule of action is no more a representa-
tive of an American constituency than a wolf
or hyena.
In every free community there is of necessity
a conflict of forces, and it is sometimes difficult
to determine the true one or to ascertain the
true resultant of all the forces in existence. To
do this demands largo experience and calmj udg-
ment, quickened by culture and sincere love of
truth. Legislation should be under the power
of the highest wisdom and the purest purpose.
Party, while it may and is founded on some
great truth or public good, is under the control
of self-jnterest, ambition, and perverted zeal.
Again, it is transitory and often wrong. It will
decoy the best from the path of virtue if they
follow its devious tracks. There is, then, but
one rule, and that is immortal and unchangeable
principle. In the presentcase we are not legis-
lating for a friend, a person, or a party. Our
action is demanded in the interest of the people
of a State. It is not for a race, or for any party
advantage or interests. The divisions in the
State of Georgia ask us not to espouse their
distinctions and quarrels. We are now called
upon to restore them to their former relations
to the Union, and that upon terms of equality
with the several States in the Union. In doing
this we are to adjust her relations so that she
may exercise her rights under the Federal
Constitution, and at the same time that the peo-
ple may have and enjoy their rights under the
constitution of the State of Georgia.
The State constitution is the measure of the
exercise of popular will in local affairs. It is
supreme and all-authoritative in its sphere, and
embraces that portion of power not surrendered
to the General Government or withheld from
both by the people. As the nation may not pass
the limits of powergranted to it by the people,
it may not invade the domain reserved by the
States and the people of the States.
The first inquiry in reference to the State of
Georgia is, what is the provision of the consti-
tution that is before us now for interpretation?
Have we authority under the Constitution to
exercise such a power ? Is there such an
occasion as demands and justifies such an
exercise of power if we have it ?
The constitution of Georgia provides that—
" The election for members of tho General Assem-
bly shall begin on Tuesday after the first Monday in
November of every second year, except tho first
election, which shall bo within sixty days after the
adjournment of this convention."
The convention adjourned March 11, 1868.
The election .was then held in April, 1868.
By a fair and just interpretation an election
would be held in November, 1870, and a new
Legislature would convene January, 1871.
Against this interpretation of the constitution
there is no objection. Why, then, should Con-
gress presume to give an interpretation to the
constitution ?
Thei present Governor and the present Legis-
lature assume the right of perpetuating the
Legislature for two years, in violation of the true
meaning of the instrument; not only that, but
of perpetuating the body indefinitely. The
danger not only to the peace and happiness
of the people of the State of Georgia, but to
the whole country, demands of us a declaration
of our interpretation of this instrument before
thrusting an assumption so bold and so danger-
ous into the hands of a party of men who are
now possessed of most hostile and dangerous
sentiments against their opponents. To send
the present Governor back to Georgia with
such a bold and unlawful purpose is a declara-
tion of war and subjugation. It is to inaugu-
rate an unauthorized, unlimited, despotic, and
unfriendly power over the people. Certainly
such an act could not be contemplated under
our form of government without the most
cogent reasons for its exercise. Indeed, I can-
not contemplate any circumstances that could
for a moment justify such an exercise of arbi-
trary, dangerous, and repulsive power. The
proposition is so imprudent, so indelicate, so
disgusting, that its contemplation demands an
examination of the facts that have and do now
exist.
Upon what grounds can Congress base such
a right to act? It is assumed by the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] '1 that Geor-
gia has lapsed into a state of insecurity and
uncertainty, so that without the intervention
of Congress the people cannot be assured in
the enjoyment of their rights." Such is the
broad, indefinite, and uncertain statement de-
rived from an equally unsafe and uncertain
ground. As proof of the proposition it is
affirmed that '* the colored members were ex-
pelled from the Legislature while the orgies of
the Kuklux Klan prevailed throughout the
State.''
The colored members were expelled from
the Legislature upon tho following grounds:
it was affirmed that neither the Constitution
of the United States, nor the constitution or
laws of Georgia, nor the acts of reconstruction,
authorized their right to sit in that body. The
case was carried up to the supreme court of
the State, and it was decided by that tribunal
in favor of the rights of the colored members
to their seats. There the question should have
rested until that decision was executed in good
faith by the State. But before the decision
of the supreme court had been carried into
effect Congress interposed and the Legislature
was organized by military power. The wrong
done to the colored members was thus cor-
rected before the decision of the State court
was enforced.
I desire now to recur to some additional fao ts
in the history of this State. The new consti-
tution of Georgia was adopted by an election
held from the 20th to the 23d of April, 1868.
By act of Congress, June 25, certain States,
among which was Georgia, were admitted into
the Union. On the same day the State govern-
ment was inaugurated, and July 22 military
rule was withdrawn. The Legislature pro-
ceeded to legislate upon all questions interest-
ing to the State, and to do acts which only a
State could do. They ratified constitutional
amendments. They elected United States Sen-
ators. Their election was certified by the Gov-
ernor as regular and legal. The members of
the House of Representatives were admitted
to their seats, and participated in the legis-
lation of Congress during the Fortieth Con-
gress. The Senators not having appeared until
after the expulsion of the colored members,
were not admitted to their seats on that ac-
count. It will be borne in mind that all the acts
of the Legislature have been executed as the
laws of the State of Georgia, both before and
after the expulsion. The Governor executed
them as the laws of the State. The laws of the
Fortieth Congress were passed by the votes of
the Georgia members.
The expulsion of the colored members was
illegal and arbitrary, but not without color of
authority. Its remedy was before the courts,
where it was decided properly and in the in-
terest of equal rights to all. It did not in any
manner invalidate the act of Congress admit-
ting Georgia as a State in the Union if such
act was valid and had virtue to restore the
State. If it had not that virtue then it was
because Georgia was already in the Union and
entitled to representation without it. In either
case, then, the act of tho Georgia Legislature
could not invalidate the act of admission or
the status of the State without such act. If,
then, the act of expulsion was illegal its rem-
edy was judicial and could not affect the rela-
tions of the State to the Federal Government
any more than an illegal act of a citizen, the
improper decision of a judge, or an unconsti-
tutional act of a Legislature, unless this Gov-
ernment has become one of will and not of
law. As long as we look to courts for the
adjudication of rights and the adjustment of
wrongs under laws we are forbidden to resort
to Congress until after the proper remedy has
been exhausted. To change this course will
be to make an act of Congress equivalent to
the order of a military commander or the decree
of a despot. So far from supporting the prop-
osition from the Senator of Massachusetts, the
history of the expulsion of the Georgia colored
citizens and the relief they asked from the
State courts and received, go to prove that the
rights of tho people are assured in that State.
There is no ground in this transaction to sup-
port the charge.
Let us examine the second charge, that the
Kuklux Iilans threaten the peace of the State.
This is a question of more difficulty, as it con
tains sufficient truth to darken and defame the
whole population of a State. It is one of those
effective weapons in the hands of a demagogue
or an Iago that can be used to poison the lives,
happiness, and prosperity of a whole com-
munity. T will frankly admit, and with far
more regret than those who sweep the moral
sense from the minds of States and communi-
ties, that bands of men organized for improper
and dangerous purposes do exist, and that they
have been used for wicked and unlawful pur-
poses in a most reprehensible, dishonorable,
cowardly, barbarous manner. This admission
is made upon the evidence of a common rumor
instigated by interested and prejudiced parti-
sans inflamed by ambition and pressed by fear.
It is an admission broad and far too liberal in
favor of those who make it. While admitting
as true what I have of certain individuals in a
community, I do not desire to be understood
as predicating such a statement of the whole
people or of any considerable number of them.
There are at present two political parties in
Georgia : one, the Republican, composed of a
small number of consistent Union men and the
colored people, with a considerable number
of original rebels, who have left their former
friends, with what motives I will not say; and
the other the Conservative party, composed of
the great body of the intelligent and consistent
rebels, some Union men, and some colored men.
It is principally of the last party that I shall
speak in this view of the case. It is of that party,
that embraces the great body of the white pop-
ulation of the State, that allegations have been
made. It is alleged of them that they'1 threaten
to regain their pernicious power imperil
the State" to offer up Unionists, white and
black;" "t.0 sacrifice reconstruction;" and
such general, vague, ominous, sweeping denun-
ciations of the inhabitants.
Society, States, communities, and parties are
