1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1309
illegal votes polled for contestant, which was
found to be true. Twenty voted on Pough-
keepsie papers, (see the evidence of Wilson,
on page -1".) also 2 on New York papers, and
other?. (,sae pages 8 and 9 of this report,)
making in t!>o aggregate o4; by taking that
number from the 3 73 it leaves a majority for
contestant ot lo'J.
But, Mr. Speaker, the proof discloses other
ami further frauds ; and it is safe to infer that
out of more than eight hundred persons nat-
uralized as aforesaid within two months preced-
ing an unusually excited contest for President,
Governor, and members of Congress, to say
nothing of the other offices that were to be tilled,
said persons voted and voted for contestee.
And while it is true that the proof shows that
some few persons voted on like illegal papers
for the contestant, and some few otherwise
illegal votes were polled for him, the proof is
overwhelming to show that if none had voted
but those entitled to do so by law the contest-
ant's majority would have been several hun-
dred.
Now, sir, while the House thould be slow
to throw out the whole vote of a ward or dis-
trict, nevertheless if the facts and circum-
stances show that the inspectors of the registry
and elections knowingly produced frauds and
violated the election laws and permited illegal
voting, and the polls cannot be purged, the
whole vote should be thrown out.
But I will not go further in this matter. 1
did not intend at the beginning to detain the
House so long. I have now done my duty in
presenting tins case in the opening of this debate
on the part of the majority of the Committee
of Eleeuons, and I now leave it for the gentle-
men who are to follow me.
Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, I shall present
as carefully as I can the views entertained by
the minority of the Committee of Elections;
but before 1 enter upon the merits of the case
I desire to consider some of the points pre-
sented by my colleague on the committee, the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Bctlek,] and
to review some of the points submitted by him,
more as a matter of justice to other parties
than as having any particular bearing upon the
question at issue.
It was stated by the gentleman, and the tes-
timony sustains him in that statement, that
over eight hundred men were naturalized in
the eleventh district of New York preceding
the presidential election of 1868. But, sir, the
testimony does not sustain him when he asserts
that of that number not one became a legal
voter. That, sir, is an allegation without any
basis of fact in the testimony. It is a conclu-
sion which could only be a conclusion of law;
and when a question of law is before the House,
with the facts to which the law must be applied,
it is for every gentleman to form his own con-
clusion as to the legality of a vote deposited by
any one of the persons so naturalized, eight
hundred in number. But the gentleman over-
looks or forgets the fact that the testimony fur-
ther discloses that all the persons naturalized
did not, so far as citizenship or habitation was
concerned, live within the limits of the elev-
enth district. It was the center, so to speak,
of the naturalization, as other important points
in different parts of the country are centers for ;
such a purpose as well as for other legitimate
purposes.
In saying that none of that class was entitled
to vote the gentleman ignores the laws of Con-
gress and the laws of the several States regu-
lating the question of naturalization. Does it
follow even if the point should be yielded, if
the concession should be made to the extent
that there was illegal naturalization on both
fidesot'politics in thatdistrict during the period
in question—does it therefore follow as a prop-
osii.on to be accepted as true that no one was
legally naturalized during the same period in
thatdistrict? There has been legal natural-
ization in that district before, naturalization
unchallenged and unquestioned by anybody.
And when gentlemen come and challenge a
part of the naturalization, pointing out spe-
cifically the grounds on which they base their
challenge, are they to be permitted to extend
that challenge by implication to all the courts,
to all the parties, and to all the applications in
connection with all the naturalization papers
which as a matter of fact were issued in this
eleventh district? Let me show the extent of
the conclusions drawn by the majority of the
committee and the basis of facts, so far as there
is any such basis, on which these conclusions
rest. These gentlemen say in their report—
and I assume that they spoke in view of the
facts of the case—that of the eight hundred per-
sons naturalized illegally as they claim in that
district " it is fair to infer " thus and so, '• about
which we shall comment further hereafter."
This " inference " of theirs is only of value so
far as supported by fact, but the facts are not
pointed out when they draw their inference.
It is asserted that these parties were not enti-
tled to naturalization. Let me refer to some
of the proof which has been taken and which
appears on this record and is relied upon to
show that these parties are not entitled to their
naturalization papers.
I think I am not assuming too much when I
assume that a statement of the facts in relation
to these parties will enable every gentleman
readily to determine whether the given case
comes within the requirements of the law or
whether it is in violation of its terms. The
contestant, Mr. Van Wyck, placed more than
twenty of these naturalized parties upon the
stand, and made each and every one of them
his own witness, to prove by them severally
their lack of qualification required by law to
authorize them to get certificates of natural-
ization. And what do these parties state—
upwards of twenty of them—in their evidence,
beginning upon page 22 and going on to page 30?
My colleagues, the majority of the committee,
say that of these eight hundred none were enti-
tled to their papers. I submit that of the twenty
odd persons examined from page 22 to page 30
by Mr. Van Wyck, there is not a single man but
proves himself perfectly within all the rules of
law relating to naturalization.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Will the
gentleman allow me to correct him? He mis-
understood me.
Mr. BURR. I will yield to the gentleman
for a question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. The gentle-
man misunderstood me. I stated that not one
of them was naturalized according to law, and
not that they were not entitled to have been
naturalized.
Mr. BURR. Iaccept that explanation, and
will in the course of my remarks, at a later pe-
riod, answer that. But, sir, it connects itself
directly with this. What is the allegation in the
notice of the contestant? What is his theory
throughout this whole case ? That these eight
hundred persons were not by law entitled to
naturalization in any court, that they were to
be naturalized as the result of a conspiracy to
naturalize men illegally. It does not require
a conspiracy to get certificates of naturaliza-
tion for parties legally entitled to them. The
very foundation of his theory is that the court
was, in the language of the gentleman from
Tennessee, "grinding out" naturalisation pa-
pers to parties not legally entitled to them. I
refer gentlemen to the list of twenty which has
been read, and they will find that every man
on it was entitled by law to his papers. That
list was presented by Mr. Van Wyck. It is
relied upon to sustain his theory that these men
were not entitled to papers ; but it having been
shown against himself that they were entitled
to their papers, he left that branch of the invest-
igation and now assumes wholesale that this
work of naturalization was, in the impressive
language of my colleague, produced by "fraud,
bribery, and perjury."
Sir, it does not require fraud, bribery, and
perjury to get a certificate of naturalization for
a man entitled by law to walk into a court of
the United States, and as a matter of right,
law, and justice to demand and receive these
papers. The gentleman disclaims this, but I
submit that the tenor of his remarks, the tone
and temper of all he said, leaves the implica-
tion to be drawn that there were fraud, bribery,
and perjury underlying this whole question ;
and furthermore that the court became a party
to it, that its clerks were furthering and ad-
vancing the interests of the Democracy by par-
ticipating in it, and when not participating by
consenting to and giving aid to those who were
perpetrating such frauds. I want to notice
some of the testimony which bears in that
direction and relates to these parties. I refer
now to the point which is made against the
clerk of the court of Orange county when it is
asserted that he issued papers to parties who
produced no witnesses as required by law. I
want to see what the fact is about that injus-
tice to Mr. Cuddeback, the clerk. On page
188 I have his testimony, and his testimony is
not to be disregarded from the mere fact that
he belongs to the one rather the other political
party. What did he say when placed upon the
stand and sworn ?
"Question. You are the county clerk of Orange
county, and have been since Jauuary, 18G8, have you
not?
"Ansrcer. I have heon, and am.
"Question. You attended at the county court held
at Newburg in September and October last as clerk?
"Answer. I did.
"Question. Certificates of naturalization were
granted there to vnrious persons, were they not ?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Did you grant or sign a certificate of
naturalization to any person during that court, or
at any other time, unless such person signed the
application, was duly sworn, together with the wit-
ness of each and every such person?"
Now, what was his answer?
"Answer. I did not."
There is a solemn oath that in every case he
swore the party and took his oath and that of
his witnesses, and that he did not during the
time named by the gentleman, nor at any other
time, do any such thing as is charged. Yet the
gentleman stands here and says that it is
charged and " not denied" that this man was
a fraudulent party to a violation of law in the
interest of the Democratic party.
But, sir, he says the court participated.
Let me look at that for a moment as a mere
matter of justice to the court. I believe the
hope of this country is in a pure, upright, and
inaependentjudiciary. Whenever it is dragged
down into the dirty pool of party politics and
the letting down of the dignity of the courts
is sanctioned and indorsed by the American
people, then well may we tremble for the lib-
erties of our country and for the freedom of our
people.
I refer you to the testimony of the same
witness to whom my colleague on the commit-
tee has referred, the prosecuting attorney for
the county. When an attempt was made to
indict parties in the court it became his duty,
and he pressed it well, there is no doubt, to
attend in the interest of the people. The mat-
ter went, of course, before the grand jury. When
the grand jury had finished their investigations
and had presented in open court their indict-
ments against those whom they proposed to
indict, this man stated to the foreman of the
grand jury that he wanted to have the evidence
upon which the grand jury had refused to indict
some of the parties who were charged before
them with election frauds.
It is said that the judge became a party to
that proceeding. Now this is what the judge
did; this, and no more: the statute of New
York provides that the grand jury shall have a
clerk, who shall take down the testimony which
is given before them, and that whenever the
grand jury shall so direct, those papers shall
be placed, at the option of the grand jury, in the
hands of the clerk, or in the possession of the
district attorney.
The district attorney required the foreman
of the grand jury to give him those papers,
