1310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
v 3
and the foreman of the grand jury denied his
request. The matter was then brought before
the court. The court said to the grand jury,
"I have no power to compel you ; I will, how-
ever, read to you the law; upon that law you
had better retire to the grand jury room and !
make up your mind what you will do with the
minutes before you.1' The district attorney
requested that a rule be entered, imperative,
in violation of the statute, requiring the grand
jury then and there to submit to him the papers.
And the judge, again reading the law to them,
sent them to the grand jury room, and the
grand jury, as they had a right to do, decided
that they would destroy the memoranda before
them which related to cases upon which no
indictments had been based. They did so,
and returned to the court and reported that fact,
and the controversy ended.
The court read the law to the grand jury,
gave them to understand their obligation, their
duty, their privilege. They acted upon it, and
the matter was and is at rest, because no sugges-
tion which challenges the integrity of a judge
can have force, weight, or credit with this
House of Representatives.
To show that I am correct, I will refer to the
testimony of Mr. Drake, which is just now pre-
sented me. But before I do so, let me ask
where in this record does it appear that this
was a Democratic grand jury ? In what part of
the testimony does that fact come out, if it be
a fact, that this grand jury was organized from
a political party, that it had a politician for its
foreman, and was acting under his direction?
Here is the testimony. Mr. Drake says, in
speaking of this grand jury:
" I will here say that Mr. Chrystie (the foreman) ;
informed me that they were going to destroy the
evidence before they went into the court-room.
"I then took the section of the law relating to
grand juries, and Judge Barnard said he would read 1
them the provision of the law applicable to this
question, but that he had no power to compel the
grand jury to give me the minutes.
" He then read them the section of the law, as i
follows."
Now, I ask every gentleman here to examine j
this provision of the law, and say in what re-
spect, if any, Judge Barnard violated its
terras. This is the provision:
"The revised statute provides that every grand
jury may appoint one of their number to be a clerk
thereof, to preserve minutes of their proceedings
and of the evidence given before them, which min-
utes shall be delivered to the district attorney of the
county, when so directed by the grand jury."
Not " when so directed by the judge." The
grand jury themselves are made the custodians
of the papers in their hands upon which indict-
ments are not based. The court is made the
custodian of the papers upon which indictments
are based; and it is the duty of the foreman of
the grand jury to deliver papers to the district
attorney " when so directed by the grand jury.''
The court is powerless, at least so far as the-
law is concerned. The judge read the provis-
ion of the law to the grand jury. What, then,
does Mr. Drake say?
" After he had read them the law, I objected to his
discharging the in until they should act upon the
qufwon and determine whether the clerk of the
grand jury or myself should have the custody of the
minutes."
He does not make the complaint that the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Butler] is
here making on his behalK He admits that it
was the right of the grand jury to " pass upon
tbe question." He simply objected to their
being dismissed by the court until they had
passed upon the question and had determined
whether he or the clerk of the grand j ury should
have the custody of the minutes. He then
goes on to say:
" He (the judge) said to them, (the grand jury:)
'Gentlemen, you may just as well meet this issue
now. You had better retire to your room and dis-
pose of this matter or question. Before you go I will
again read to you tho law;' and he again road over
to^them tho section above stated.
"The grand jury went down to the room, were
gone about five minutes, returned into the court-
room, and informed the court that they had voted
or agreed to destroy the minutes, and they had de-
stroyed them.
" The court then discharged the grand jury."
Now, sir, let us suppose for a moment that
the judge had said to that grand jury, or to the
foreman, if you please, "i enter against you
a rule that you shall deliver certain papers in
your possession to the district attorney, who
desires their possession." He answers, "The
solution of that matter is left to the grand jury.''
Suppose the judge had acted on the theory
advocated by the majority of the committee,
would he not have been violating the law?
Would he not have proved himself uuworthy
of the trust and confidence of the people whose
rights and privileges he was chosen to guard
and protect? So much as to this effort on all
occasions, in season and out of season, to cast
suspicion upon the judiciary of our country.
; I now come to another point made by my
I friend from Tennessee—a point upon which he
seemed to rely with the full conviction that it
i would be decisive of this case. He refers to the
I testimony of Jesse Merritt, on pages 48-53. i
He shows that Mr. Merritt has collated some- i
where a list of illegal voters, numbering one
hundred, which list is marked A, and another i
list of voters numbering one hundred and ten
and marked B. The voters on these two lists ,
are to be challenged and deducted from the j
, vote of Judge Greene upon the testimony of j
this Jesse Merritt, who upon cross-examination j
shows that he knows nothing about the origin
or make-up of either of these lists. In the ,
course of his cross-examination, on page 52, he
is asked concerning the list marked B, and
makes a statement not consistent with the
theory of the majority of the committee.
It would have been supposed from the state-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee—he did
did not so state—it would be the fair inference
from his remarks that this man Merritt obtained
this list from some official source, copied it ;
himself from some official records, or had it ;
given to him at least by some parly under the
sanction of an oath. Now let me read from ;
the testimony of Merritt concerning this list ^
marked B:
"Question. Where did the list Boome'from? Where
did you first see it?
; "Answer. I saw the list in the common council
i room in possession of Barr, Allan, or some of them.
"Question. You don't know whether it is a correct
i copy of Mr. Clark's list?
j Answer. I do not.
! "Question. You don't know who made it?
! "Answer, No, sir."
1 This disposes of Mr. Merritt's knowledge of
the list B. If anybody else knew anything
I more about it he should have been brought
: forward. I submit that this evidence furnishes
j no ground for challenging and rejecting the
| votes of one hundred and ten American citi-
| zens.
Does this witness know anything more con-
; cerning the list A ? I read from his testimony
I on that point :
\\ "Question, (list A shown witness.) Do you know
!! of your own knowledge that there is any persons on
II list A who were uot legally entitled to their naturali-
i j zation papers?
11 "Answer. I do not."
Why, sir, here we have on one list the names
of one hundred persons, and on another list
the names of one hundred and ten persons
who it is charged voted illegally; yet this
witness when questioned testifies as to one
of the papers that he does not know where
it came from; and as to the other, that he
does not kuow that a single individual named
upon it was not legally entitled to his natu-
ralization papers; that he has no personal
knowledge or information upon the subject.
Hence, sir, neither of these lists can furnish
any foundation upon which any gentleman on
this floor can give an intelligent vote as to the
disposition of this case.
I know, sir, that in the practice of the law
when there is a cumbrous record, a multipli-
city of points enveloped in a great deal of fog,
practitioners sometimes endeavor to get away
from the real point at issue and mistify tbe
whole case by generalities in order to keep
from examination some point which if closely
examined would speedily dispose of the case.
But, sir, having passed through the material
points presented by tny colleague on the com-
mittee in his remarks this morning, I desire to
come directly to the question relating to some of
the voting places in the eleventh district of the
State of New York. And I propose to do now
what I never should have thought of doing until
recently, so far as the Committee of Election,h
is concerned, and that is to speak ot its trans-
actions within the walls ofthecommittee-room.
for by the recent action of that committee all
obligations of secrecy have been removed. L
have the right to produce the record, i have
the right to refer to any fact before that com-
mittee. I have the right to state the action of
the committee and its position on this very sub-
ject which is now before us. And the lirst
point that comes to my mind is a claim not
directly asserted by the gentleman in his report,
but more than suggested ; and a suggestion
is sometimes stronger and has more force than
the proposition. His suggestion looked to the
throwing out—that has become the patent and
acceptable mode—throwing out three large vot-
j ing places in this eleventh district. When the
report was presented to the committee, that is
: when the preliminary report was presented in
thecommiitee and first came before us, it pro-
posed to throw out and reject entirely the vote
at three of these polls ; that is the vote of the
first ward of Newburg, the vote of the town
of Hamptonburg, and the vote of the first dis-
trict, I believe, of the town of Goshen. The
votes of those three polling places were pro-
posed to be thrown out entirely.
The com mittee decided—the record will show
it; no one will challenge it—decided by a ma-
, jority, that these parties should be seut back
in order to eliminate the illegal vote at each
! one of these voting places and present an un-
: challenged result produced by legal votes, or
by further and additional testimony throw addi-
tional light on the questions involved, that the
House might more correctly act in the direc-
tion of purging the polls now under challenge.
! That vote was, however, reconsidered in com-
mittee, and it was fully understood that if the
proposition to remit the case for further proof
were withdrawn there would bean amendment
i to the report and no recommendation made to
j reject the polls under review. In accordance
J with that understanding the motion instructing
j the chairman to ask authority of the House to
! send for additional proof was withdrawn, and
J the preliminary report was recommitted for
such agreed amendment. But, sir, after the
time for taking such contemplated proof passed
away the preliminary report wasagain presented
to the committee, and on inspection it contains
the same original proposition, to throw out the
: first ward of Newburg, Hamburg, and the first
district of Goshen. As I held originally that
the circumstances proved did not justify such
rejection, so I hold now as to all these voting
places.
Bnt the question is presented in this report
n whether the circumstances surrounding the
j! first ward of Newburg are of such a charac-
ii ter as to make it the duty of the House still to
j! throw the vote of that ward entirely out.
Let us examine the grounds upon which the
gentleman from Tennessee rests the proposi-
tion to throw out the first ward of the city of
Newburg. On that question I will dispose
of all I have to say on it in this place. It is
true that witnesses come forward and deny the
legality of votes cast in the first ward of New-
burg; but when you take the history of the
voting in the first ward as it is disclosed in the
evidence I take it that no more legal vote,
none more regularly received or entitled to
more weight ever came before the House of
Representatives than the vote of this same
first ward of Newburg. I do not think a fact
is determined by merely alleging it, when the
gentleman does not show legal proof of the
j facts which he alleges. It is true, sir, as
j said before, that charges are preferred ®8®ins
' the vote of the first ward in the city of New-
