5086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
House of Congress upon the matter is that the
other branch should have sent us a bill here
reducing the income tax one cent. Hard as
it bears upon me, and little able as I am to pay
it, I will vote all the time to keep it there aud
keep down the taxes upon the masses of the
people.
Mr. WILSON. I believe I have two or three
minutes left.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts has two minutes.
Mr. WILSON. I have made this motion
after some examination, much reflection, and
with a great deal of reluctance. I voted the
other day in favor of striking out of the bill the
income tax. I did so in the hope that we could
not only strike out the income tax, but also the
tax on gross receipts, which is the most unjust
tax we have, and also reduce the duty on tea,
coffee, and sugar. I find on examination that
we cannot safely do it, but we shall have to
draw from the funds of the Government if we
do it, as the income for the coming year will
not then be equal to our expenditures. It was
in this view that I gave the vote the other day.
Now, as between the abolition of the tax on
gross receipts and the reduction of the duty on
tea, coffee, and sugar, and the change pro-
posed in the income tax, there is no city or
town in the United States that would not vote
in favor of continuing the income tax. They
would go ten to one in favor of the reduction
of the duty on sugar, tea, and coffee.
It is true that the income tax is unpopular;
but Senators must remember that the men of
wealth and the large presses of the country,
the great corporations of the country, not
always the best representatives of public opin-x
ion 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Air. PATTERSON. I am very much in
favor of reducing the taxes of the country,
and I think we should not leave Washington
until the taxes are reduced ; but I am not in
favor of beginning with this income tax ; that
is beginning at the wrong end. The great mass
of the voters and tax-payers of this country
will not approve of our striking out the income
tax, and leaving other taxes resting upon the
people and upon those who are less able to
bear the taxes of the country. I believe that
this would be wrong in itself, and that we
should find that it would meet the disapproba-
tion of the people of the country.
So 1'ar as I have been able to hear or to learn
the expression of the people of my own State,
which I have lately visited, it has been against
taking off this income tax. I have scarcely
heard any expression on the other side. They
say, '' Reduce the taxes; but do not begin with
the income tax; let that remain, and reduce
taxes elsewhere.'' I believe that we must
reduce the taxes before we leave here; we
certainly should do it; but let us not begin
here. It is the wrong place to begin. To be
sure, most of the taxes I pay are in the direc-
tion of an income tax; but still, because I hap-
pen to pay that tax, that is no reason why I
should vote it off. Because the people in the
cities, who are making the money that is made
in this country, are paying an income tax, that
is no reason why we should take off the income
tax. Let those pay the taxes who are best able
to pay the taxes, and let the great mass of the
people of the country who feel the burden of
taxes, and whose industries are crippled by
taxes, be first relieved.
Mr. CASSERLY. The State of California,
which sent mo here, instructed me, by her Legis-
lature, to vote for the repeal of this tax. That
instruction concurred with my own convictions
expressed before I received the instructions.
It is a tax which presses with very great anu
unjust weight on the Slate of California. I shall
not go over the figures presented here by my
colleague when he spoke against the tax in the
course of the debate on the pending bill. There
are eight States of tnis b nion, and among them
some States which are by no means inconsid-
erable, which paid a smaller amount of income
tax in 1868 than my own State of California.
We paid in that year $2,017,071. The States
of Maine, Vermont, Tennessee, Indiana, Iowa,
Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Kansas, put to-
gether, paid $1,929,381. In other words, States
with a population, by the census of 1860, of
over five millions, paid no more income tax,
and not so much, as the State of California,
with a population, by the same census, of a
little less than three hundred and eighty thou-
sand.
But, sir, that was not my only ground of
objection to the tax. Perhaps my strongest
ground of objection to the tax was its corrupt-
ing and demoralizing nature. I ask the Clerk
to read an extract from a very valuable letter
of a well-known English writer, sent to me by
a friend at Albany lately as a specimen of the
utterly demoralizing nature of this tax in its
operations.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"The principlo of self-assessment gives such un-
limited scopo to fraud that the tax was described by
Mr. Gladstone in 1858 as doing more than any other
taxto demoralize and corrupt the country. Instance
after instance might, be given of income-tax fraud,
but perhaps tho following aro the most remarkablo
and have greater authority:
"1. Mr. Gladstone, in his budget of 1853, quoted
the case of the alteration of Canon street, London,
when the people in tho old street received compen-
sation for tlieir loss of business. The number of per-
sons was twenty-eight. They claimed in all the sum
of £48,159 sterling as compensation for their profits
of a singlo year. The amount awarded by the jury
was £26,973 sterling, but tho return of profits for
assessment to the income tax which they had separ-
ately made amounted only to £'J,000 storting."
"2. Mr. Stafford Northeote, in a debase on the in-
come tax, March 23, I860, said: " Two years ago he
was employed in investigating- tho claims of persons
connected with tho eoclcsiastieal courts, for com-
pensation in consequence of the abolition of .their
offices. Those claims wcro generally pvoferi-ed with
great fairness, and were substantiated by the pro-
duction of books and accounts; but when ho came
to compare some of them with the returns which the
claimants themselves had made to tho income tax
he was astonished by tho most painful disclosures.
One gentleman, who had stood very high in the pro-
fession to which ho belonged, had paid income tax
for somo years on an average income of £3,000 ster-
ling; but it was proved satisfactorily that his actual
income had been double that amount, and in one
year it had been £0,000 sterling. That gentleman,
before ho applied to the treasury, had paid arrears
to the income tax commissioners to the amount of
£609 sterling in order to enable himself to come into
court. A very respectable firm Droved that in flvo
years they hadmade £31,432 sterling, but tho amount
they had returned to the income tax in the same
period was no more than £8,880 sterling. In another
case a gentleman claiming between three and four
thousand pounds sterling a year by his profession
had assessed himself for ono year at £200 sterling
per annum. Afterward his return rose to £1,161
sterling, and when questioned, he stated that he
'had fixed upon that amount because ho thought
that an odd figure would look better than a round
sum."'
Mr. CASSERLY. The same law produces
the same effects in the United States. That was
my highest motive for opposing it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired. '
Mr. CASSERLY. Just one word, if the
President will allow me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the Senator from California will
proceed.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is the distinction
which I take between this income tax and the
amendment of the Senator from Delaware, I
desire to say to my friend from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumxeb.]
Mr, HOWELL. I have but a word or two
to say on this subject. The great argument
that is used, and repeated over and over again
here against the income tax. as L understand
it, is simply this: that, you will demoralize the
country by it. And how? Because there are
certain rich scoundrels who, for the sake of
escaping the just dues that are imposed upon
them by law, will present false and fraudulent
returns, aud thus escape the tax. This is the
whole argument. We are to do away with a
tax which is just and proper in itself, and
which brings to the revenue of the country a
large sum from those who are well able to stand
it, because there are some rascals who will not
return their proper incomes to the officers who
collect the tax. That does not strike me as a
very formidable argument. It does not strike
me that we are corrupting these men by impos-
ing the tax. The corruption is in their hearts.
Their love of money is driving them to per-
dition, and causing them to commit fraud and
perjury, not_ because we impose a law upon
them collecting money from them. They were
scoundrels at heart before the law passed, and
therefore we are not making scoundrels of
them.
This I hold to be a tax which can be easily
borne, and which can be collected without
oppression upon any class of the community.
If a man has an income over §2,000, out of
that income over §2,000 he can certainly pay
three per cent, without being oppressed by it.
The other taxes that are collected are oppress-
ive upon the mass of the community. This
tax is only an annoyance to a few, from one
hundred to three hundred thousand persons in
the country.
Mr. SCOTT. I shall not occupy the time
of the Senate with one word of discussion upon
the general subject of the income tax. I desire
to say, however, in response to the sentiment
of my friend from Missouri, that the State which
I have the honor in part to represent lies so
near the capital that I think I have had time
to hear from "up the creeks," to borrow his
phraseology. The newspapers which come to
me from the counties of the State—not from
the cities, but from those portions where the
people, unlike the Senator from Missouri, are
not troubled with weighing the average num-
ber of troy ounces of silver they eat from—all,
so far as I have observed, approve the action
of the Senate.
But I rose to state a fact rather than to make
this comment; and it is in reference to the
amount of income that will be realized, as the
Senator from Massachusetts seemed to be ap-
prehensive on that subject, for the wants of the
Government. I made the inquiry at the office
of the internal revenue a few evenings ago a3
to the amount collected for the current year,
which expired yesterday, and I was then in-
formed that, with four or five days to run, the
internal revenue collected up to that evening
amounted to $183,500,000 in round numbers ;
which is, if I recollect the receipts for last year
correctly, about twenty-seven million dollars
in excess of the receipts of last year, being
more than the whole amount of income tax
which it is proposed to collect under the law as
now proposed to be amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe the question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I regret exceedingly that
the Senator from Massachusetts should have
conceived it to be his duty to move this amend-
ment. To collect two and a half per cent,
involves all the machinery, all the difficulties,
and all the objections incident to the collection
of a five per cent, tax upon income. It is a
reduction, it is true, of the amount.
Something has been said about the popularity
or unpopularity of this tax; and that is a subject
upon which the Senator from Missouri dwells.
I do not think that that should be the govern-
ing consideration in the enactment of a tax
law, though X admit it is entitled to consider-
ation if the people more willingly submit to
one species of taxation than another. But
the great question with us should be, is the
proposed tax just and equal in its operation?
There are other very serious objections, and
always have been, to this income tax, upon
the ground of its constitutionality. It is objec-
tionable in many forms. But as to this ques-
tion of popularity, I deny totally that the peo-
ple of this country are ill favor of imposing
a burden upon a particular class of the com-
munity that they do not take upon themselves.
I am willing to go before any constituency that
