4142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
go over as the unfinished business at half past
four o'clock until to morrow, and whatever
measure may be unfinished at the close of the
evening session will be returned to its place on
the Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Mich-
igan ought to understand, the character of this
agreement exactly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not affect
what the Senator from Michigan may desire
for to-morrow. The Senator from Kentucky
now desires a vote upon his amendment, re-
ported from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
which is pending.
Mr. W1LLEY. Before the vote is taken I
simply desire to enter a caveat. While I shall
vote for this proposition, I understand itls to
pay certain secesh Indians. Under the treaty
obligations I suppose we are obliged to do it;
but I wish to enter a caveat now, that when the
claims of the loyal claimants of the South shall
come up I do not wish my vote in this case
to preclude me from voting for those claims
also. I think it ncccssary to make this explan-
ation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Davis,] providing for the issue of
$250,000 to the Choctaw nation of Indians.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is not worth while to go
into executive session now. We ought to have
an executive session of at least fifteen minutes.
Mr. SUMNER. We can do some business
in the time that is left.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. SHERMAN and Mr. MORTON called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 25; as
follows;
TEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Cameron,
Cassotly, Corbott, Davis, Inanagan, )?ovrlor, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamilton of Toxns, Ilai-ian. Mc-
grcery McDonald, Poraeroy, Rice, Ross, Saulsbury,
focott, Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull, Vickers, War-
ner, and Willey—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Boroman, Chandler, Colo, Drake,
Gilbert, Hamlin Hams, Howard, Howell, Morrill
of Mame, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pratt,
llnmsey, Robertson. Schurz, Shormnn, Spraaue,
fetewart, feumnor, Thayor, Tipton, Williams, and
Y ates—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Brown-
low, Carponter, Cattell, Conkling, Cragin, Edmunds,
Benton, lorry, Howe, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis
Norton, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, ltovels, Sawyer,
Spencer, and Wilson—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. THAYER. I submit an amendment to
this appropriation bill, and move its reference
to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now reeurs on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Kansas in regard to the Osage
Indian lands, which was laid aside to consider
the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky.
ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. DRAKE. Before this matter is pro-
ceeded with I ask leave to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote taken this morning upon
the question of making the bill concerning the
Atlantic and Pacific railroad a special order
The VICE PRESIDENT. Did the Senator
vote with the prevailing side?
Mr. DRAKE. The yeas and nays were not
taken. If I am wrong I wish to be corrected;
but I have always understood from Senators
here that when the yeas and nays are not taken
it is the province of any one to move a recon-
sideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The general pre-
sumption is that the Senator making the mo-
tion voted on the prevailing side; but that pre-
sumption in this case would be very unlikely,
it being a defeat of the Senator's own prop-
osition. If the Senate does not object, the
Chair will entertain the motion to reconsider.
The prevailing side was the side which voted
against the Senator from Missouri; but if there
be no objection the Chair will entertain the
motion.
Mr. DRAKE. I happened to be out at the
time, and unexpectedly this matter came up.
It is simply a proposition to make the bill a
special order.
Mr. POMEROY. It is a bad precedent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the precedent a singular one.
Mr. TIPTON. I object to the motion.
Mr. DRAKE. If some gentleman who voted
in the majority will make the motion, I shall
be obliged to him.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not sure how I voted ;
but if the Senator was not in, and was taken by
surprise, 1 will enter the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
certainly look better on the Journal if made by
the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will make the motion in
order to give the Senator an opportunity to have
action upon it again.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 am willing to make the
motion. I voted in favor of the resolution my-
self.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. That was not the
prevailing side. The negative was the prevail-
ing side. The vote stood twenty live to fifteen,
not a two-thirds vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I voted in the neg-
ative.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the Senator did vote in the negative.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make the motion.
'1 he VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
be entered as made by the Senator from Ohio.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
_ Mr. RAMSEY. I call the Senator's atten-
tion to the fact that there are but three minutes
left before the recess.
Mr. SUMNER. I only want an executive
session for a few moments.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. At half past four o'clock the doors
were reopened, and the Senate took a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask unanimous consent
to take up Senate bill No. 440. It is a local
measure concerning the State of Alabama, and
it will not occupy three minutes. It is asked
for by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. POMEROY. While I will not object
to such a small bill as this, I beg to suggest
that we have agreed to take up the Calendar
to-night by unanimous consent.
Mr. SPENCER. It will take two weeks to
reach this bill on the Calendar.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire
of the Chair at this stage whether it is the
special Calendar or the general Calendar that
we are considering?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The general Cal-
endar. The bill abolishing the franking priv-
ilege is on the Calendar of special orders.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask that this bill be read
for information.
Mr. FERRY. I insist on the regular order
Mr. SPENCER. I hope the Senator will
not persist in that call.
Mr. FERRY. We shall reach the bill in a
short time if we go on in regular order.
Mr. SPENCER. It will take two weeks to
reach it on the general Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut objects. The Secretary will report
the first bill on the Calendar of general orders,
civimzatto.v olf indians.
The Chief Clerk. The first bill on the Cal-
endar is the bill (S. No. 040) to promote the
civilization of the Indians and to prepare therfi
for the rights and duties of citizenship, which
passed the Senate on the 23d of March, and a
motion was entered by Sir. Stewart to recon-
sider the vote on its passage.
Mr. POMEROY. As that is pending on a
motion to reconsider made by the Senator from
Nevada, and he is not present, I move that the
bill be passed over.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGETOWN and IIARPBll's FERRY RAILROAD.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. li. No. 172) directing a
survey of a route for a railroad on the west
bank of the Potomac river, from a point oppo-
site Georgetown, to Harper's Ferry, passed the
Senate on the 3d of May, and pending oil a
motion to reconsider made by Mr. Vickers.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator from
Maryland desire action on it to-night?
Mr. VICKERS. No, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be passed over.
Mr. SUMNER, Why should we not, act
upon that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland moved the reconsideration, and
he desires that it should not be acted on to-
night for some reason.
Mr. SUMNER. Then this bill is held sim-
ply by the Senator from Maryland. I have a
great respect for him, but it seems to me that
when we reach it we ought to act upon it..
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Mary-
land desires to have the yeas and nays, and
perhaps there is not a quorum here at present.
Mr. SUMNER. If that is the reason, very
well.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the joint reso-
lution be passed over for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
SIERRA IRON COMPANY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 439) to grant land to the Sie rrn Iron
Company, which was passed on the 20th of May,
and a motion was entered by Mr. Casserly to
reconsider the vote on its passage.
Mr. COLE. If it was not discourteous to
my colleague, who is not present, I would insist
upoii action on that hill now.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we ought to act
upon it; hut the Senator from California not
being present, it is hardly courteous to him to
take the vote in his absence.
Mr. COLE. If it was not discourteous I
should insist on it. Let it be laid over inform-
ally until my colleague comes in.
Ihe.VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection the bill will be passed over informally.
Mr. COLE. I do not know, indeed, that lie
has any grounds for the motion to reconsider.
Mr. POMEROY. We can take it up when
he comes in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over informally.
PliEbLlitVATION OF IIAKBOllS.
, . business on the Calendar was the
bill (b. No. 771) for the preservation of the
harbors and navigable rivers of the United
states against encroachments.
^ tkink we *ia<3 better pass
that bill over. The chairman of the committee
is not present. 1 make that motiou.
The motion was agreed to.
FOURTEENTH A3IHND3IEXT.
Ihe next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(o. A'o. 114) to enforce the fourteenth article
of amendment of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. 1KUMBLLL. 1 hat bill has already
passed as an amendment to the bill lor the
