3198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
it required for its preservation or defense, it
would be cheerfully borne. But such an ex-
orbitant tax for the benefit of a few wealthy
monopolists will awaken the most determined
opposition from one end of the land to the
other. I cannot believe this committee is pre-
pared to double the present rate of duty on
Bessemer steel rails merely to put money into
the pockets of the few gentlemen who have the
monopoly of the manufacture in this country.
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I stated I make it on the assertion of
the gentlemab from Missouri. The gentlemen
to whom he has referred, although not both
members of this House, yet, as I understand
him, both are upon the floor of the House
advising members how to vote.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not a point of
order which the Chair can entertain. If the
gentleman makes the point of order that they
are disturbing the House the Chair will enter-
tain it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Under the rales of the
House they are not entitled to be here.
Mr. BENJAMIN. One ia a member, and
one is privileged to the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No outsider is privileged
to come upon this floor for the purpose of ad-
vocating measures pending before the House.
The CHAIRMAN."The gentleman must be
aware that a question of privilege cannot be
entertained in committee.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I recognize
the importance of the question now before the
•ommittee and desire to say a few words on it
in reply to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Benjami!?.] And I begin by saying that the
gentlemen who founded the new Bessemer
steel-rail works which have been built up in
this country have proven themselves to be bene-
factors of the whole people of the country and
have added millions to the property of all the
railroad companies in the country. I will
further say to the gentleman from Missouri
that one of these companies under the existing
tariff, when the duty was at the rate of $67 50
per ton instead of $44, which the gentleman
complains of; that under that duty one of the
companies has failed, and its stock fully paid
up can be bought for 40 cents in the dollar. I
allude to the Freedom Company of Pennsylva-
nia. I desire to say that my colleague [Mr.
Morrell] is not a manufacturer of Bessemer
rails. The company of which he is an officer,
and in which I trust he is a stockholder, have
constructed works for their manufacture,
but 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not say that a mem-
ber of the House was a manufacturer. I said
that he was one of the assignees of the paten-
tees, which I think the gentleman will not deny,
Mr. KELLEY. He or one of his company
is one of the assignees. But with that advan-
tage and with Bessemer rail-works already built
they cannot make rails and sell them in the
market except at a loss. Therefore the effect
of reducing the duty below what the committee
propose will be to close every Bessemer rail-
mill in the country and make this country de-
pendent upon the mills of Great Britain. And
what will be the result of that? Before Amer-
ican competition began, in 1864, you could not
buy a ton of these rails for less than $150.
Two railroad companies, the Pennsylvania
Central and the Baltimore and Ohio, sentagents
to scour England for this article, and tor less
than $150, gold, delivered on the American
wharf, not a ton could be bought. The duty was
then 45 percent., equal to $67 50 per ton. Gold
was then at 100 or more premium, so that
every ton imported in 1864 cost about $400
currency when delivered. Close your Besse-
mer mills in this country and the price of rails
will go up again.
I know, Kir, the method by which it was in-
tended to fight this proposition. I hold in my
hand the St. Loais Democrat of April 23, in
which I find the following lie. I say "lie,"
because Colonel Grosvenor, the editor of the
paper, knows the statement to be false, having
within a period of two months published my 1
denial of ownership in any manufacturing stock, i
He says, in his leading editorial, written as I :
believe from this Hall, for he was here at the J
time: j
"ThenoimeMr. Kklley (Republican)of Pennsyl- j
vania, a very large iron manufacturer, one of the
owners of the Bessemer steel process (not steal) and 1
the great advocate of a protective tariff."
I desire to reiterate, in the face of this de-
liberate lie, the assertion I have more than
once made that I have not directly or indirectly,
by myself or by connection either by blood or
marriage with any man living—for I stand ]
almost isolated among the men of my coun-
try—an interest in any manufacturing stock
or establishment, or in any mine or mining
stock.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally, and
Mr. Scofield having taken the chair as
Speaker pro tempore, a message was received
from the Senate, by Mr. Hamun, one of its
clerks, which announced that the Senate had
passed without amendment, a joint resolution
and bills of the House of the following titles:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 222) granting
condemned guns for soldiers' monuments at
Fairmount cemetery, Newark, New Jersey;
Bill (H. R. No. 1337) granting a pension to
Thomas Clair; and
Bill (H. R. No. 1892) making an appropria-
tion to satisfy a judgment obtained against
Grenville M. Dodge, late an officer of the Uni-
ted States, and others, for acts done by them in
the line of their duty.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1595) to amend
an act entitled "An act providing for the taking
of the seventh and subsequent censuses of the
United States, and to fix the number of the
members of the House of Representatives, and
to provide for their future apportionment
among the several States," approved May 23,
1850.
The message farther announced that, agree-
ably to the request of the House of Repre-
sentatives, the Senate returned to the House
the enrolled bill (H. R. No. 1427) to provide
for the creation of corporations in the District
of Columbia by general law.
THE TAKIFF.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union resumed its session.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to say further that
here is one of the leading interests of the coun-
try, closely identified with the prosperity of our
great transportation interest, and it is unfair to
the country, as it is to individuals, to attempt to
settle it by prejudiced arguments against the
interests of individuals, or by libels such as
that 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Benjamin] by striking out "30" and
inserting "3.6," so as to make the duty $36
per ton. 1 degire to say, Mr. Chairman,
that England now demonstrates to the world
that under the present tariff of the United
States it is utterly impossible for the American
people to manufacture steel rails, because she
is offering it to-day in England at $40 a ton.
Adding the duty which i propose of $36 a
ton will enable the United States to manufac-
ture steel rails for the world.
Mr. BROOKS,ofNewYork. Ninetypercent.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes ; the gentleman may
call it 90 per cent. Everybody knows that
England herself cannot afifoid for any great
length of time to manufacture steel rails at
$40 a ton. She can only do it for the time
being, by reason of the condition of things in
England so well understood—the unjust rela-
tion of labor to capital. In England men must
either labor at whatever price capitalists choose
to give them or starve.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a single moment? I want to make a
single suggestion.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, make your state-
ment.
Mr. KELLEY. They are acting under the
advice of Lord Brougham, given as early as
1815, to expend any amount of money to
strangle infant industries developed in the
United States by the exigencies of war, and
when they have done that prices will go up.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, England
notified the American people long ago of her
power for a time to reduce the cost of the pro-
ducts of iron below the power of the American
people to produce them; and having put out
our fires, disbanded our workmen, and com-
pelled us to look to her for iron, she reimbursed
herself the loss thus incurred by charging two-
fold the price that iron had theretofore paid
in the American market. Mr. Chairman, the
same thing will happen with regard to steel
rails unless we take care of our own interests
by a reform of the present tariff.
The point I desire to make, however, to the
committee is this: I was stating when inter-
rupted that England herself, with all her appli-
ances, her sublime mechanics of human de-
pravity, by which she coerces at will her toil-
ing millions, cannot make steel rails at a lower
figure than $40 a ton. Add to that, if you
please, the cost of transportation, say $8 per
ton; add to that the duty of $36 per ton, which
1 propose, and you put it at $84 per ton.
That is not an extravagant price for steel
rails, as compared with the ordinary prices
paid under the most favorable circumstances
for iron rails. They will last five times as long
as iron rails, as I understand, when laid down,
and add to the security of human life. Sir,
foster this great interest and thus give the in-
dustrial power of America an opportunity to
enter into successful competition with the
cheap labor of England and the cheap labor
of continental Europe in this great branch of
manufacture, now known to be so esseutial to
the personal safety of the people who daily
trust their lives to the railways now girdling
our continent. I venture the prediction that
under the operation of the proposed duty in a
very few years America will be the foremost
manufacturer of steel rails in the world, and
furnish it, of course, by the force of competition,
at as low a rate as it ought to be sold for,
leaving a reasonable profit for its production.
The duty proposed in my amendment is
greatly below the amount reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I have satisfied
myself, upon reflection, that the amount I pro-
pose is all-sufficient to build up this great in-
terest in this country. The committee propose
a duty of 2 cents per pound, which is $44 80
per ton. The difference, therefore, between
what I propose and what is reported by the
commitee ia $8 80 per ton. I think that a
sufficient reduction. Enough has been said
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] to satisfy the committee that at pres-
ent, under the existing duty, there is no hope
of the manufacture of these rails, so essential
to the interests of the people, in this country.
Mr. Chairman, the other view which has been
taken of this matter ought to have its weight
with gentlemen in this House. Multiply the
industries of the people of the United States,
and you thereby promote the prosperity of the
whole mass of the people. Wliat market have
you now tor your agricultural products any-
where in the world outside of this country
save in case of foreign war or famine? None
whatever,
