1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
'297
41st Cong. ...2d Sess.
State of Georgia—Mr. Fowler.
Shnate.
imposed upon them contrary to their own con-
stitution, and without their consent, they mast
feel assured of their rights and privileges when
they are informed that the authority is found
in the compass of these three expressive pow-
ers, " ex necessitate rei.".
This terrible argument of tyrants only would
in the happy and purer days of republican
rule have been driven in scorn from the pres-
ence of any legislative body, but unhappily
this divinity of princes and despots speaks for
the firsttime in the Senate of the United States.
It demands that all the barriers and restraints
that prudence, experience, and liberty-loving
patriots have thrown around the dearest inter-
ests of men shall be broken down, and the
concentrated power of the nation shall be
turned loose to follow the direction of its in-
stincts. Confiding in the virtue and intelli-
gence of the people, their love of justice and
equal rights, their integrity and high purpose,
I am still unwilling to place them under the
dominion of any power unchecked bylaws that
limit the exercise of an unbridled license. This
assumption is so monstrous and so repugnant
to every heart that has throbbed with a single
aspiration for freedom that it must fall harm-
less, save to him who would exercise the power
when an opportunity would present itself.
This argument is followed by another, if not
so powerful, yet is one so nearly related as to
merit a passing notice. The same Senator, with
a show of respect for the Constitution which
still lingers in the minds of the Senate, attempts
to derive this power from one of the most
vaguely defined provisions of the instrument;
and to its interpretation he brings the vast and
comprehensive power of a wanton and untram-
meled fancy. Discarding the limitations im-
posed by ages of learning and experience,
spurning the safeguards and barriers against
arbitrary power, disdaining the headlands and
light-houses of* a coasting voyager, he boldly
turns his prow to the broad expanse of the
illimitable and untraversed ocean of caprice.
The guarantee clause is put into the crucible
of national sovereignty, and the last trace of
State rights is eliminated from its considera-
tion. Under this clause of the Constitution,
through the enchanting power of " Epluribus
unurn," " the States are lost in the nation."
Here is the key that unlocks the whole polit-
ical theory of the Senator. After long years
of labor, and a multitude of learned comment-
aries and able judicial decisions, an easy and
certain solution to every constitutional problem
has been found. The discovery casts a clear
and refulgent light over the broad domain of
interpretation. Neither lawyers, judges, nor
politicians need any longer toil and doubt over
the questions that may arise in its province.
The bright radiance of intellectual light will
dissipate the fear and awful solemnity of an
official oath. Under the gorgeous rays of this
new discovery all nice distinctions and mere
legal technicalities will disappear like stars
before the sun. Whenever questions of con-
stitutional law arise do not toil over Hamilton,
Madison, Ellsworth, and Marshall, but bow in
reverence before the altars of that sacred trin-
ity, " Epluribus unwm," and the infallible
response will come. What are the rights of the
States under the Constitution, I ask? The
" States are lost in the nation," is the simple
and ready reply. This is a nation of independ-
ent States. The States are merged in the
Union, they are lost from our view ; only na-
tionality remains, says the oracle.
I am not left without ample proof of its
power and its application in other ages. Philip
of Macedon beheld with regret the inde-
pendent and sometimes jarring States of
Greece, and cried " E pluribus unum I'' and
down went the liberties of' the republics for-
ever. Augustus perceived its value, and the
world went under an empire from which
every vestige of the republic disappeared.
While few will contest its ample power,
many will deny its intelligence and justice.
It is a blind divinity, that is just as effective On
board a pirate's ship as in the councils of the
holy bishop of St. Peter's. It is by no means
choice in its associations; it has been equally
the friend of Washington and Nicholas. If it
has added vast territory to the United States
it did the same for the Saracen empire. There
is, in all probability, a period in the history of
nations when it must come into full power.
It, like the picture in the almanacs, has its
retinue always pointing to the man inside. It
is by no means a slothful divinity. It is at
once progressive and aggressive. It does not
belong to the race of Elijah's dry bones nor
Pharaoh's drowned Egyptians. It is indiffer-
ent as to the choice of means, for the end
sanctifies all the auxiliaries. Admitting the
irresistible logic of this argument, 1 for one
do not propose opposition when an enumera-
tion of the parties is fairly made. It is true
that the question of justice, law, policy, and
magnanimity might still remain, but when the
sword has triumphed "order reigns in War-
saw."
The resources of the argument from which
I have selected a few points are so great that
neither my physical nor intellectual powers
could do justice to so profound and serious a
question. There is one of a graver character,
it' not so potent, to which I must call attention.
It is assumed that Congress is now sitting as a
high court of chancery, with power to supply
the deficiency of the law. As this is a new
field in constitutional law, I confess my inabil-
ity to fully comprehend its force. I have exam-
ined Story and can find no authority in him to
supply the want of a grant of power in the
Constitution by either conscience or equity. I
have not stopped here. I have consulted the
debates in the formation of the Constitution
and in the conventions that adopted it, and see
no such power confided to the Government.
Hamilton, Madison, and Jay make no mention
of it; Jefferson, Calhoun, and Clay, and Web-
ster had evidently not reached such a con-
clusion at their deaths. But, without ques-
tioning too closely the authority we might
derive some light from an examination of the
result. Let us now suppose the case submitted
to the high court of conscience. The parties,
be it remembered, are the State officers and
their supporters, and their opponents denom-
inated the disorganizes. 'The one simple, plain
rule adopted for the government of the court
is "so to act that the disorganizers shall not
rejoice." The ease is at once adjusted by the
rule, and on this principle law and equity have
been harmonized.
This chancery decision results very much
after the manner of that renowned African
chancellor that divided the game according to
the exact strictness Of the law into three equal
parts, and then proceeded by the rule of equity
adopted in the present case to divide the prey
between the parties to the suit. One third he
claimed for his official character, one for his
services in the chase, and let him who dares
claim the third. It is needless to say the de-
cision filled the provisions of the rule. The
disorganizers were dissatisfied; but the dis-
satisfaction is readily cured by an appeal to
the principle of "E pluribus unum." There
is, besides the simplicity and clearness of the
rule, a compendious distribution of the parties
into patriots and disorganizers that places the
verdict in the case beyond a reasonable doubt.
The certainty and promptness with which great
questions of constitutional law can be discussed
and decided on this principle should at once
commend it to all who are opposed to the dila-
tory process of courts. It is a relief to the
brains of counsel, and spares the patience and
conscieuces of witnesses.
These three great exhaustifiss fountains of con-
stitutional interpretation are,'if pressed tt> the
full measure of their capacity, adequate for any
emergency tbatmayarise in the revolutions of
time. They are equal to every exigency that
may arise, from a town meeting to the inaugu-
ration of a dictator. They have that tolera-
tion that indifference to right and wrong always
contributes to personal or party behests, with-
out any diminution of stern efficiency. The
time may demand their exercise, but be that
day fatal to human freedom far in a dim and
receding future.
As I have in other bills expressed my opin-
ions of the powers of the guarantee clause, the
" senatus consvltum," " the sword in the scab-
bard," I will content myself with one remark.
The government to be imposed on Georgia is
a self-perpetuating one. But the government
guarantied is to be a republican one. A re-
publican government is one made by, and to be
altered by, and administered according to the
will of the people. The Georgia government
is therefore not such a government as the Con-
stitution guaranties. There is no power to
force a government administered by a Legis-
lature constructed by military power, perpetu-
ated at its own will contrary to the terms of the
constitution, contained in the Constitution of
the United States according to interpretations
that our experience has yetgiven to that instru-
ment.
The present discussion in some respects is
to my mind a sad and mournful spectacle.
Were some stranger to present himself in this
Chamber he would suppose the great body of
the southern people were a race of "prede-
termined and predestinated criminals against
human intercourse itself whom no faith could
bind." Having learned from the teachings of
revolutionary ancestors the value of our insti-
tutions, I have ever loved to cherish the deepest
devotion for the character and honor of the
whole people, " so dear to every true Ameri-
can heart," I cannot without feelings of regret
and anxiety hear the bold and unchastened de-
nunciation of those I do now and expect in the
future to call my countrymen, to whose fidelity
and patriotism are to be intrusted a large share
of the honors and glories of the nation. The
reputation of each State and each citizen of the
State is a part of the reputation and glory of
every other one. The disgrace ofany one should
be felt like a wound and mourned as a personal
affliction. If the aatural dictates of humanity
did not lead us to cherish a generous love for
all who have loved, followed, and bled for the
emblem of our national honor, self-respect, and
a decent regard for the sentiments of a civil-
ized world bid us protect the good name of
our countrymen. There is an injunction of
high authority which history and the experience
of mankind prove may not be violated with
impunity. "Thou shalt not bear false witness
against thy neighbor" is as obligatory now as
when it was delivered to the leader of the Israel-
ites.
This sacred precept enjoins a reverence for
the reputation of our fellow-men ; but it goes
still further and enjoins upon us the detection
and arrest of a slanderer as we would the spy
that was seeking the destruction of our armies.
While crime and the criminals may not be con-
cealed or protected from public condemnation
and punishment, the good, the innocent, and
upright may not be mingled in the reproach
and penalties justly imposed on the guilty.
Much of the unjust and unbridled aspersion of
the great body of the southern people is due to
the unhappy and disjointed times m which we
live. Sectional antagonism, along, destructive
war, marked with violence and barbarity in
many cases unworthy of the people and the
age, and sadly reflecting upon the elevating and
refining influences of our institutions, has en-
gendered bitter hatreds and malignant feelings.
