1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4143
enforcement of tho fifteenth amendment. I
move that it be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope it will not be
indefinitely postponed. It is a bill in which
every southern Senator feels a great interest.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has already passed.
Mr. SPENCER. The Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Pool] has a substitute which
he is going to urge for that bill. We want it
in addition to the bill to enforce the fifteenth
amendment. I hope it will be passed over for
the present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill has already
passed. If somebody proposes to offer some-
thing else 
Mr. SPENCER. The Senator from North
Carolina intends to offer a substitute for it.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill has Dassed; he
may offera substitute for some other bill, but
not for this.
Mr. SPENCER. It is a bill of a similar
character. I hope this will be passed over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is another bill
to be introduced it ought not to be as a substi-
tute for this. This identical bill to enforce the
fourteenthamendmentwas offered as an amend-
ment to the bill we passed a few weeks ago,
perhaps with some slight change ; it has passed
the Senate and the House, and become a law.
Mr. SPENCER. I am aware that the main
features of the bill which the Judiciary Com-
mittee has reported have become a law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think this bill had bet-
ter be stricken off' the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois insist on his motion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I move that
the bill be indefinitely postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Alabama moves that it be passed over,
which has priority.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no such bill; it
cannot be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill is on
tho Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY. It is on the printed Cal-
endar, but the Clerk has not got it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was offered as an
amendment to the other bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
has it. It was offered as an amendment to
another bill; but this identical bill remained on
the Calendar. The Senator from Alabama
moves to pass it over.
The motion was agreed to.
the vessels volant and science.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 85) to carry into effect two several
decrees of the district court of the United
States for the district of Louisiana, in the
cases of the British vessels Volant and Science,
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The bill proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to make the proper
payments to carry into effect the decree of the
district court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Louisiana, bearing date the 4th of
June, 1867, in the case of the British brig
' Volant and her cargo ; also another decree of
the same court bearing date the 11th of June,
in the same year, in the case of the British
bark Science and cargo, vesseis illegally seized
by a cruiser of the United States; such pay-
, ineuts to be made to the several persons
named in the decrees, or their legal represent-
ative^ the several sums awarded them respect-
ively, with interest to each person from the
date of the decree under which he receives
, payment.
Mr. COLE. Do I understand that the bills
that are to be considered to-night are such as
shall not create discussion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Without objection ?
i The VICE PRESIDENT. No; it is not
i under the rule as to objection. That applies
t to Fridays. This is the general Calendar.
Mr. COLE. 1 have no objection to the pres-
f ent consideration of this bill; but! am opposed
to it on grounds which I expressed when the
bill was called at the time we went over the
Calenuar before. I hope the Senate will not
pass it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is simply
whether the Senate will carry into execution a
decree of the courts of the United States, it
being a decree of the Supreme Court 
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, of the district'court.
Mr. SUMNER. The case caine to the Su-
preme Court and went back to the district court.
The Supremo Court has affirmed the decree
and sent it back to the district court, and this
is to carry into execution the final decree of
the district court in obedience to the decree of
the Supreme Court. The committee to whom
the cases were referred have done nothing but
found the bill on tho decree of the court which
was submitted. It is a case of liquidated
■damages.
Mr. COLE, But a decree in favor of whom
and against whom? I should like to know who
were the parties plaintiff and defendant.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a letter with the
papers containing a statement of the whole
case. The decree of the court is embodied in
the bill practicallv.
Mr. pOLE. ^ I believe it is a case in favor
of British subjects, and recommended by the
Biitish minister here as a claim against the
Government of the United States, standing
upon a judgment in favor of a British subject.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes.
Mr. COLE. Of course the Senate need not
be reminded of the fact, but I will mention it,
that we have a great many claims against Great
Britain, none of which are in judgment; and
if they were, I doubt whether the British Gov-
ernment would pay them while there were un-
settled differences between us. I think we are
going too far in the direction of generosity
when we are paying off these claims, notwith-
standing that it may be in tho form of judg-
ments against us in some court of the United
States. Wo are displaying very great gener-
osity in such cases, to be sure; and as after
all it depends on the people, through their
representatives, I think this action may with
propriety be suspended until the British Gov-
ernment manifests some disposition toward
meeting the claims of our citizens against that
Government.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
English scnoosnn sibyl.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 88) to carry into effect the decree of
the district court of the United States for the
southern district of New York in the case of
the English schooner Sibyl and her cargo. It
is a direction to the Secretary of the Treasury
to make the proper payments to carry into
effect the decree of the district court of the
United States for the southern district of New
York, bearing date the 2d day of March, 1868,
in the ease of the English schooner Sibyl and
her cargo, illegally seized by a cruiser of the
United States, such payments to be made to
the several persons named in such decree, or
their legal representatives, the sums therein
awarded to them, respectively, with interest
from the date of the decree.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and it was read the third time.
Mr. COLE. This is a case very similar to
the other, I understand.
Mr. SUMNER. Just the same.
The bill was passed.
mtiTisit schooner flying scud.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 86) to carry into effect the decree of
the district court of the United States for the
district of Louisiana in the case of the British
schooner Flying Scud and her cargo, which
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill is a direction to the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Bernardo Cayman, a. sub-
ject of Spain, or his legal representativesrthe
sum of $42,936 75; and to Jules Aldige, a
subject of France, or his legal representatives,
the sum of $12,527 87, with interest in both
cases from the date of a decree of the district
court of the United States for the district of
Louisiana, pronounced on the 3d day of Feb-
ruary, 1869, by which these sums, due on
aeeount of the illegal capture of their prop-
erty by a cruiser of the United States, were
respectively awarded to these claimants.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer as an amendment to
the bill this proviso:
Provided, however. That out of any money hereby
appropriated for said Bernardo Cayman tho Soere-
tary of the Treasury shall retain such susus as will
satisfy any judgments or other legal claims or de-
mands which tho United States may have against
said Cayman.
Since the bill was reported I have received
information, not of an official character, but
in which I place confidence, that the United
Slates lias claims against one of the parties
provided for in the bill; and the proviso 1 now
offer will protect the interests of the United
States in that respect. It provides that there
shall be a set-off, so that the United States
may have satisfaction for its own claim against
this party.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts whether it would not
be better to defer the bill until he ascertains
what, the settlement really is, instead of passing
the bill and leaving it to an executive officer
of the Government to adjust these claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I am inclined to think the
better way would be to leave it with the proper
officer at the Treasury to adjust tho claim. I
have had brought to my attention certain evi-
dence with regard to judgments of tho United
States in New York against this party ; but it
was not of an official character, and I did not
feel willing to act upon it except in this gen-
eral way. It will be observed that the lan-
guage of the proviso covers the whole case, so
that the proper officer at the Treasury Depart-
ment will be fully empowered to protect the
interests of the United States.
Tile amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and tlie amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
british bkig dashing wave.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 87) to carry into effect the decree of
the district court of the United States for the
district of Louisiana in the case of the British
brig Dashing Wave and her cargo, which was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. The
Secretary of the Treasury is directed by the bill
to make the proper payments to carry into effect
the decree of the district court of the United
States for the district of Louisiana, bearing date
the 13th of July, 1867, in the case of the British
brig Dashing Wave and her cargo, illegally
seized by a cruiser of the United States, which
decree was made in pursuance of the decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States,
pronounced at the December term, 1866, sueh
payments to be made to the several persons
named in such decree, or their legal representa-
tives, the sums therein awarded to them, re-
spectively, with interest from the date of the
decree.
Mr. COLE. Is this the last one of these
cases ?
Mr. SUMNER. It is the last one, but it is
in principle like the first. Tho Senator will
observe that the one we actcd upon last was for
a Spaniard and a Frenchman.
Mr. COLE. I remember the difference be-
tween the cases in that respect.
Mr. SUMNER. This is for an Englishman.
Mr. COLE. This is for an Englishman again,
