4144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
and for what? For compensation for one of
their vessels illegally seized by a cruiser of the
United States, precisely parallel to the eases wo
have against Great Britain. Our vessels were
seized and destroyed by a cruiser of Great Brit-
ain, to wit, the Alabama. Many of my con-
stituents are to this day held out of their just
demands by the British Government; and now
our Government,, the people of the United
States, are called upon to pay these demands
out of their Treasury. If they could be paid in
any other way the matter would not be brought
to Congress; but it is brought directly to tlie
people of the United States, and they are asked
out of their Treasury to pay these demands to
the British Government or to British subjects.
I feel satisfied that if this question were sub-
mitted to the people of the United States they
would vote largely against the payment of these
demands.
Mr. SUMNER. I appreciate the sensibility
of the Senator; but he will pardon me if I say
that I cannot share it. I jom with him in crit-
icism of the British Government; he knows
well what opinions I hold on that question;
but that shall not interfere with my doing jus-
tice wherever I can to an individual. 1 hold
England to account; but I do not hold any
Englishman to account. These Englishmen
have by appeals to our own tribunals, reaching
at last the highest tribunal of the land, obtained
a decree in their favor. The judgment, there-
fore, makes a case of liquidated damages, with
regard to which there is no question, so that
hereafter, should there be a reference, or an
arbitration, or a commission, as I understand
it, this case would not be heard. It lias already
been heard and decided against us by our own
court.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
NEW OHL13ANS AND CHATTANOOGA RAILROAD
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 22) to establish and declare the rail-
road and bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile,
and Chattanooga Railroad Company, as here-
after constructed westward from the city of
New Orleans, a post road, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. BAMSEY. This bill was before the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads at
the instance of one of the Senators from Louis-
iana.
Mr. HARRIS. I think this bill had better
go over. I move that it be passed over.
Mr. KELLOGG. The facts are that there
is another bill of the same nature either upon
the Calendar or about to be reported, 1 think
from the Committee on Public Lands, making
a grant of lands for this work.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let this bill bo indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that it be put at
the foot of the Calendar.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let it bo taken off the Cal-
endar, as nobody seems to have any interest
in it.
Mr. HARRIS. Let it be indefinitely post-
poned.
The bill was indefinitely postponed.
TBIEGKAl'IIS TO EUROPE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 74) to encourage and facilitate tele-
graphic communication with Europe.
_ Mr. DRAKE. Before the reading of the
bill is proceeded with I wish to make an in-
quiry of the honorable Senator from Minnesota
[Mr. Ramsey] in regard to this bill and in
connection with these attempts on our part at
night sessions to go through with the Calendar.
I ask the Senator whether he considers it im-
portant to any public interest that action should
be had at this session of Congress upon this
bill? I ask the question for a reason which I
desire, with all respect, to submit to other Sen-
ators as a consideration which it seems to me
it would be proper should govern us in calling
the Calendar; that is, that now, in the brief
space of time that we have left until the end
of the session. Senators should not ask that
the time be taken up with bills which they do
not consider it important that action should be
had upon at this session. The bill has been
on the Calendar since the 18th of March, 1869,
and has not yet been considered.
Mr. RAMSEY. There will be no occasion
to spend much time upon it, as I presume some
one will move to pass it over.
Mr. DRAKE. Perhaps the Senator will
make that motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I scarcely feel at liberty to
do so.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I move that the bill be
passed over.
Mr. FERRY. Let it be put at the foot of
the Calendar.
Mr. THURMAN. I will inquire has this
bill ever been reported from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom it was
referred?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was reported
on the 18th of March, 1809.
Mr. RAMSEY. More than sixteen months
ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it is passed
over now it will come up every evening on the
Calendar being called.
Mr. DRAKE. I move, then, that it be put
at the foot of the Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
MEMPHIS, KL PASO, AXD PACIFIC ROAD.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (PI. Pi. No. 40) granting the
right of way to the Memphis, El Paso, and
PaciGc Railroad Company from El Paso to the
Pacilie ocean.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This joint reso-
lution was laid on the table on the '23d of
March last.
Mr. HOWE. I move that it be passed over.
Mr. EDMONDS. If it was laid on the table
it should not be on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT, it was laid on
the table before the new order was adopted,
but the Chair thinks it should be passed over
unless it is reached on the Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY'. It ought to be postponed
indefinitely. The Committee on the Pacific
Railroad have aetcd on that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be postponed indefinitely if there
be no objection.
Mr. COLE. I notice that a joint resolution
of precisely similar character is to be found on
the same page of the Calendar a little further
down.
Mr. HOWARD. Let that be postponed
indefinitely.
Mr. COLE. Are they both to be postponed
indefinitely ?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes.
Mr. COLE. I do not know why they can-
not be considered in connection with the bill
reported by the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad the other day on this subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are prob-
ably two bills relating to this same road on
the Calendar. This joint resolution (H. R.
No. 40) will be indefinitely postponed if there
be no objection.
FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT.
Mr. STEWART. I notice on the Calendar
a bill (S. No. 114) to enforce the fourteenth
article of amendment of the Constitution of the
United States, which is the second bill on the
Calendar. We have already acted on that sub-
ject, and I think that bill had better go off the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That subject was
discussed before the Senator from Nevada came
in. The bill remains on the Calendar by con-
sent.
MAIL STEAMSHIPS TO EUROPE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 171) to encourage the building of steam-
ships in the United States, and to provide for
the transportation of the United States mails
to Europe by steamships built in the United
States.
Mr. McDONALD. I propose, with the eon-
sent of the Senator from New York, [Mr. Fe\--
ton,] who introduced that bili, to substitute for
it Senate bill No. 338.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to the Senator to
move to strike out all after the enacting clause
of this bill and insert the other bill as a sub-
stitute.
Mr. McDONALD. The Senator from New
York authorized me to withdraw that bill and
substitute Senate bill No. 338 for it.
Mr. POMEROY. It was understood that
the Senator -from Arkansas would move his
proposition as a substitute for this bill when it
came up.
Mr. SUMNER. Then let Senate bill No.
171 be called up, and the Senator can move
the other bill as a substitute.
Mr. McDONALD. I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the substitute proposed by the Sen-
ator from Arkansas, unless the reading of the
original bill shall be called for by some Senator.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to hear the
original bill read.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The Senator has
a right to demand the reading of the original
bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. It was reported so long ago
that I do not remember what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report first the original bill, and then
the substitute proposed by the Senator from
Arkansas.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (S. No. 171)
to encourage the building of steamships in the
United States, and to provide for the trans-
portation of the United States mails to Europe
by steamships built in the United States, as
originally introduced by Mr. Fextox, as fol-
lows:
Be it enacted, Sc., That for the purpose of en-
couraging the construction and employment of
American-built steamships, and to provide tor the
transportation of the mails to Europe by steamships
built in the United States and sailing under tne flag
of the United States, the Postmaster General be,
and he hereby is, authorized and directed to contract
with the North American Steam Navigation Com-
pany, of New York, for the transportation of the
mails Between New York and Antwerp, in Belgium,
touching at some intermediate port, ior a weekly
service; and also to contract with the Commercial
Navigation Company, of the State of Hew York, in
conformity with an act entitled "An act to provide
for an American line of mail and immigrant passen-
ger steamships between New York and one or more
European ports," approved July 27,1863, for a weekly
scrvioe between New York and Liverpool, touching
at some intermediate port; and also with the Fsimo
company lor a weekly scrvice between New York
and Bremen or Hamburg, touching at some inter-
mediate port; and also to contract with the Ameri-
can Steamship Company, of Boston, lor a semi-
monthly service between Boston and Liverpool,
touching at some intermediate port; and also to
contract with citizens of the United Stales for asemi-
monthly service between such port of the United
btates and such port in Europe as may be selected
by the Postmaster General, with the conscnt of the
President, so that there shall be four departures in
eacn and every week of the mails to Europe.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all money
received by the United States from the ocean and
inland postages on foreign mails carripd between the
united btates and Europe be, and hereby is.setapa.rt
tor the period of fifteen years, and is authorized to
be paid and expended as hereinafter provided.
oec.3. And be it Jurther enacted, That all contracts
authorized to be made under this act shall be for a
period of fixteen yeats, and that such sum as maybe
derived from s*nd postages shall bo apportioned and
paid to the several contractors, pro rata, according
to me postages received by the United States trom
the mails transported respectively by .said contract--
^.rsW u • united States Government rescivesfo
ltseii the right at any time during the continuance
of the contract to reduce the rates of inland and
ocean postages without giving to the company any
rignt to any claim for indemnity or da mages of any
Kind whatsoever: Provided, however. That until tho
several services, in whole or in part, shall bo begun,
as authorized by jthi3 act, the Postmaster General
may provide for tne transportation of the mails to
Jiurope under existing laws, so that there shall bo
xour departures in each week.
SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That in addition
to the usual stipulations of ocean mail steamship
