8200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
I do not to regard it. I do not care how many
men profit by that which is done for tho public
benelit nt large. The more we profit incident-
ally in this way the better it is. I think that
is the lair way to regard this whole matter.
This cry is made because the property in the
patent, as I understand it, is in the hands of a
few gentlemen who demand a royalty. I be-
lieve Mr. Griswold—who has been referred to
with more or less of good taste—himself pays
a royalty to tho owners of this patent, that
royalty beiug from $1 to $1 60^ per ton on
the roils produced—no great thing compar-
atively, no matter who pays it or who receives
it. Hut, Mr. Chairman, that is not the ques-
tion before the committee. It is an inquiry
whether the country at large will be benehted
by building up, no matter in whose hands, in
this country an interest which will hold the
producers in England in check, so we shall get
what wo want for the benefit of the people at !
large and for their various enterprises at lower
rates. I hold in my hand testimony entirely
different from that furnished by some one con-
nected with the railroads in Kentucky, and pro-
duced by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] who lias just taken his seat. It is the
petition ot' all the leading officers of railroads,
representing in the aggregate some 22,000 miles
of road, asking that Bessemer steel rails be put
at 2 cents per pound, for the purpose of get-
ting them nt a cheap rate. It is true there is
a letter from Vanderbilt; but everybody knows
he is not a monopolist, butquite the otherway.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. COX. I renew the amendment. As I
understand it it fixes the duty at ^>36 per ton.
I do not intend to vote for that rate of duty.
1 wish to have the whole paragraph stricken
out, so as to have it at 1 cent per pound.
As to the letter of Commodore Vanderbilt,
referred to by the chairman of the Committee
Of Wavs and Means, 1 think it ably answers
for itself: . ,
New Voire, March 24.
Dear Sir: I am in receipt of your letter inclosing
a copy ot a petition to Congress, asking that instead
,, ] thepvesent ad valorem duty onsteel rails a specific
dir v of _ cents per pound be lovied, and requesting ,,
,tur official signature thereto. X can readily conceive
tue benefits whieh would accrue to American steel- ,
makers in the event of an increase ot duty as peti-
tioned for: but in what manner the railroads ot the :
country are to be eariehed I must contess I ain at a
loss tu discover. Thirty-three out ot the thirty-six oi
the signatures to the petition are well-known repre-
sentativesof leading railroads, a majority of tuem be-
ing located in orruomng through Pennsylvania, and
were they given unofficially X would conclude their
principal interest was centered in the steel works,
and not in the railroads which they represent. X ou
*rge the advantage of sustaining the homo competi-
tion as the only defense upon which dependence can
be placed to seenre our railroad companies against
the extortions of foreign manufacturers.
We are decidedly in favor of sustaining competi-
tion ; not home competition alone, but both home
and foreign, and do not propose to aavocate any
measure which will prevent it or plaee us in thehands
of home extortionists, who would undoubtedly be as
inexorable in their demands as foreign manufactur-
ers would be were the same protection given them.
A monopoly in the production of steel rails, the
vat ue and its portance of which to railroads have been
thoroughly demonstrated, would oiten compel us to
take an interior article at any price tho monopolists
might choose to put upon it. We would not have
you believe that we arc adverse to patronizing our
own manufactories. W e only desire to be allowed
to purchase Irom whom we can get the best article
at tho lowest price, and in my judgment these im-
portant eonsiderationscanonly be attained by Keep-
ing up a vigorous competition. As an argument of
the justice of the petition, it is claimed that the
signer thereto represent railroads that hare laid
more than three til lbs of all thesUelraiU used in this ,
country. In order to correct any wrong impression
that might obtain on this point byreason of the posi-
tion we take, we desire to say that we alone hare
used on the railroads represented by us (the New
York Central*, Hudson River, and New York and
Harlem) fully one fifth of all the steel rails imported
to tins country. We were among the first in this
country to adept steel instead of iron rails, and in-
tend continuing so to do as rapidly as the earnings
and price will warrant.
With respect. Ic^^ig|^ANI)EKBILT.
President.
s. m. peltoic, esn.,
Philadelphia, Penmylvania.
I will come now to a matter which not only
concerns New York State, but fifty thousand
miles of road in the several States, which are all
more or less interested in this attempt to raise
the tariff from 45 per cent, ad valorem to.some
90 per cent, ad valorem. The present duty
equals 1 cent per pound. It is to be m&|je
specific in this bill at 2 cents a pound. I he
present cost of the manufacture ot this steel
is about $49 per ton> and that is a little more j
than 2 cents per pound. The duty, therefore, [
on these rails 13 very nearly equal to their first 11
cost, and that is the amount of bounty we pay '
for the benefit of these few inventors or mail- j
ufacturers. „ ,
I say it could be proved, if time were allowed 1
for the discussion, that, as has been well sug-
gested by the Evening Post newspaper, which
has been so much abused here ot late
" The railroads could well afford, first, to pay to
the Government #1,000,000 per annum in placo of
the few thousand dollars now received from the
duty on steel rails; seoond. to buy up all tho steel
rail-mills now existing and buru thorn : tlnrd, to
pension tho small force of possibly ftyo liund"r®d to
one thousand men now employed in steal rail-mills
at $1,000 «*oh for the term of their natural lives, say
at a cost of $1,000,000 per annum. i
" All this being done, they would still save money
on the construction and repairs ot roads to the ox-
tent of $5,OJO,UOO—moro than the expenses ot such
commutation in theflr^t year, it thwr could get Bos-
seiner steel rails at $60 per ton tor only a single
yWe woul^'sdsosuggest that the presentsteel mak-
ers, if pensioned at $1,000 por annum each, would
be larger consumers of iarin products than now: and
as they would bo scattered over the country and not
concentrated in Pitteburg. there would bo loss lo**
of the mineral elements of tho soil, now wasted in
tho sewers which discharge into the Ohio river.
Now, if I only had time to go into the calcu-
lations which I have before me, I could show
that these gentlemen who pretend to be bene-
factors of this country are paid in a proper
way under our patent laws for their bene-
factions. There is a way by which men who
invent and make machines, such as this Besse-
mer machine for making steel out of raw iron
at a minimum expense, and thereby calculated
to reduce the price of what is no an import-
ant necessary of life—I say there is a way by
which they are repaid without making them
leeches on the Government, and without mak-
ing every man, woman, and child tributary to
a few men who are either inventors or man-
ufacturers. If, as inventors, or as assigns of
the inventor, these gentlemen want a bounty,
let the Government pension them in a proper
way. But this proposition is merely a new
mode of satisfying the greed of these parties.
Do gentlemen in this House know exactly
what this steel-rail business is doing? It is
driving out the old rails in making repairs on
our railroads.
And how much is wanted for this purpose
every year? We have now in the United States
about 50,000 miles of railroad, upon which
there are 100 tons of rails per mile, or 5,000,000
tons. The lowest estimate of the new rails
needed for repairs is 7 per cent., and the com-
1 mon estimate is 10 per cent. At the latter
; rate, 500,000 tons of rails are annually required
i for repairs only. The old rails taken up furnish
1 about one half the requisite material, leaving
' an annual requirement of 250,000 tons of abso-
lutely new rails for repairs. There were con-
i structed in this country in the year 1869 over
5,000 miles of new railroads, which at 100 tons
per mile, required 500,000 tons of rails. It
is probable that in 1870 over 7,000 miles will
be built, and 700,000 tons will be needed. In
point of feet, one half of the total construction
of iron in the United States is nsed in the con-
sumption of railroads; or about 50 pounds per
head of population. In the long run it would
be cheaper to use steel rails in place of iron
for every mile of road and for all repairs, even
at 50 per cent, higher cost. To meet this need
of nearly 1,000,000 tons in 1869, we had only
50,000 tons of steel rails, of which the Amer-
ican steel makers, under a protection of 45 per
cent, duty and 3,000 miles of distance, suc-
ceeded in furnishing 15,000 tons, or l£ per
cent, of the whole.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCIv. I shall continue the line
of remark I was making when I had an oppor-
tunity a short time ago of addressing the com-
mittee. I believe I spoke of Commodore Van-
derbilt as one of the two or three exceptions
among railroad men—and I admit^ his largo
interest in railroads—who oppose this proposi-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means to
put a duty of 2 cents per pound on Bessemer
steel rails. And I will say that I believe every-
body knows that Commodoro Vanderbilt is no
monopolist at all.
Mr. COX. Not in this business.
Mr. SCHENCIv. And every one knows that
he is content to get on in a quiet way; that he
does not believe in accumulations of capital;
that he never would maiie a corner if ho could;
that he has never had anything to do with
attempting to break down or oppress anybody
else. Everybody knows Commodore Vander-
Now, it is fair to allude to the fact that the
opposition comes almost exclusively from a
source like that, in the face of the fact that a
petition has come signed by ninety-five of the
presidents and representative officers of as
I many of the different railroads of the country;
that the aggregate roads they represent are
twenty-two thousand miles in length ; that they
constitute half of all the railroads built in the
entire United States, and that they are gentle-
men from all parts of the country. I find, for
instance, the lollowing names: Samuel Tate,
president Southern Railroad Association, &c.;
H. S. McComb, vice president Southern Rail-
road Association, &c.; W.Wilson Byrne, pres-
ident D. and D. Railroad Company : John W.
Brooks, president Bnrlington and Missouri
River railroad, &c.; C. C. Trowbridge, presi-
dent Detroit and Milwaukee railroad, &c.; Wil-
liam L. Scott, president Erie and Pittsburg
Railroad Company; ff. W. Worthington, sec-
retary and treasurer Cincinnati and Indianapolis
Junction railroad; Thomas Woods, president
Danville, Hazleton, and Wilkesbarre Railroad
Company; George W. Parker, vice president
St. Louis, Alton, and Terra Haute railroad;
Edwin Slade, vice president Sheboygan and
Fond du Lac railroad; and Thomas W.Weak-
ley, treasurer St. LouiB and St. Joseph railroad.
I read those names particularly because
some of them are representatives of western
roads; but there are roads represented here in
every part of the country, from the extremest
North to the extremest West and South. I
allude to this not for the reason that they have
any right to dictate to us, but in order to show
that in a matter of this kind those whose inter-
est it would be to oppose protection, if there
! was any injury to be done by putting a proper
i protection upon these rails, are themselves
' advocates for the very duty which is proposed.
! Mr. RANDALL. Does not the gentleman
know that many of those gentlemep are inter-
ested in the manufacture of steel rails ?
I Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir.
1 Mr. RANDALL. Well, I know it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, I should like to have
the gentleman tell us how many. Here are
ninety-five signers, and I cannot find anybody
who suspects more than three.
Mr. ARCHER. I would say to the gentle-
man from Ohio that the president of the Bal-
timore and Ohio railroad, one of the largest
railroad men in this country, is opposed to
this tax.
Mr. SCHENCK. Precisely. When men
like Commodore Vanderbilt and John W. (Bar-
rett—and everybody knows what his talent
and ability are—build up and establish, as it
were, monopolies of their own they begin to
be against all other monopolies. That is just
the way. English capital would frown down ana
destroy, if it could, any investment of Amer-
ican capital. Wherever there is a large ac-
cumulated capital that has grown so enormous
by its success and its advancement that it can
bid defiance to others, then you find that while
it could beg for protection in its early stages
