1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
anil when they strike for higher wages or a
fairer basis the press of the country is ready
to denounce them, and every fountain of public
opinion is poisoned against them by the hand
of monopoly. In legislative halls they rarely
get a hearing. Legislation is too busy with
patronage, bonds, banks, debts, and specula-
tions, to think of coal-miners. I have been
two years trying to get a construction of our
internal revenue laws that would relieve the
miners of the annual license fee of $10; but
such are tho ways of this world that. I have
not yet succeeded in bringing the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue to read the act of
Cotigress as the honorable chairman [Jlr.
SciiEjfcic] says it should be read. He prom-
ises, however, that in his next bill this odious
tax shall bo wiped out.
The collieries in ray district are principally
owned by corporations or individuals resident,
for the most part, in New York. They have
made large investments of capital, but they
have received large returns. The city of New
York has grown pari passu with the growth of
the coal trade. Now, sir, I am glad that New
York capitalists had the enterprise, which was
lacking in Philadelphia, to develop these coal-
fields, and 1 rejoice that they have been well
rewarded for their investments; but of every
ton of coal that has been mined for them
they have taken the lion's share. The miner
nets less than $1 a ton for his work. If the
cost of transportation and handling ho put at
SI 75 per ton, and $5 the ton be taken as the
average price in market, there is a clear profit
u> the proprietors of about $2 25 per ton. On
0,000,000 tons there is an annual profit oi'
$13.500.000, from which aie to be deducted
interes-t on investment and other incidentals ;
but, when tho most liberal allowances have
been made it will bo seen how the sweat of
th" subterranean toilers has been coined into
wealth t'or tho New York proprietors. The
unrequited labor of the coal-fields has built up
colossal fortunes for the capitalists. And yet
they send their eloquent Representatives here
to take away from Pennsylvania the iron man-
ufactures which constitute the market for nearly
one half of this enormous coal production. Is
New York truly represented on this floor?
These honorable gentlemen charge Pennsyl-
vania with robbing and oppressing New York
consumers. I answer, the iron and coal trade
has enriched New York. All our great mining
and transporting companies, the Delaware and
Hudson, the Delaware, Lackawanna, and West- •
crn, the Pennsylvania Company, the Wilkes-
barre Coal and Iron Company, representing
many millions of capital, have their seat in
th:i t city. The principal stockholders are New
Yorkers, and inanv of them are millionaires.
They have been robbed by Pennsylvania, say
honorable gentlemen. Does the city of New
York look like a party that had been robbed?
Are these gentlemen in the sorry plight as
robbed luen ? This would be a good joke if it
were not a ridiculous calumn y. The truth is that
no city on the continent lias been so much ben e-
iited by the coal and iron of Pennsylvania as the
city of New York; and now her Hepresenta-
tiv-P3 would throw down the scaffolding by
which she got up, in the vain expectation that
she is strong enough to stand in mid-air with
nothing but, tree.trade abstraetionsto lean upon.
But we have increased the cost of these sta-
ples to consumers. I deny it, Mr. Chairman.
X know not, how it is, but transportation has
been greatly cheapened since our iron went
into railroads, and the inconsiderable quanti-
ties of iron consumed by the farmer come to him
cheaper than before railroads. Railroads have
added to his comfort and convenience in many
forms and augmented the value of his real
estate. Instead of paying C cents a mile to be
dragged 3 or 4 miles an hour, he is carried
i'ow 20 miles an hour for 3 or 4 cents a mile.
- ttmo is money. Iron railroads put money in
this form into*every farmer's pocket. So with
the transportation of the products of his farm
41st Cong. 2 Sess.— No. 142.
and the store goods of the merchant. Why,
sir, the farmers of Susquehanna county send
their butter-tubs to New York daily by scores
and hundreds, which could never reach that
market if Pennsylvania iron had not furnished
them with the railroads.
When I was a boy my father was a merchant
at Bethany iu Wayne county. He bought his
goods in New York and sent them by sloop or
steamer to Newburg, and thence he carted
them home. I do not know what he paid per
ton on the Hudson, but I remember distinctly
that 10 shillings tho hundred ($1 25) was the
price of wagoning them from Newburg to Beth-
any ; and the round trip would eost the team-
sters about a week in time; so that they cleared
but a small profit. Now, sir, the same service
would be performed in a few hours for proba-
bly about §5 the ton. Is that robbery ? To
bring iron and other supplies to the farmer for
one sixth what it used to cost, saying nothing
about time saved, is that, highway robbery?
In common with most Democrats I have
always held that duties enhanced prices, and
it is true of many things, but it is not true of
our great Pennsylvania staples. New York
gets our coal and iron and butter and cheese,
and we get her goods all the cheaper for the
protective duties on iron and coal. Let her
not wrong her Pennsylvania benefactors. She
should learn to be grateful. I rejoice in the
prosperity and greatness of New York, but she
should not revile the hand that feeds hef.
Mr. Chairman, before quitting this subject
I want to express my firm conviction, inwrought
from an attentive observation of public affairs,
that miners and all laborers caunot depend upon
political administrations and legislation for
equal and just measures. They must combine,
not unlawfully or to take away any of the rights
of property which capitalists have acquired, but
to bring capitalists to a fairer basis of division.
The ton of coal is not fairly divided between the
proprietor and the miner. Legislation cannot
and will not make the partition fair. Miners
must do it for themselves. Ever since the world
began to use money it has controlled govern-
mental action. It will continue to do so to the
end. The almighty dollar is not waning, but is
waxing, stronger and stronger. If I were hard
pressed I could find proofs of this assertion
even here in Washington.
The labor and trades unions of England have
made themselves felt, and so may fair and judi-
cious combinations of laborers in this country;
and it is a striking .commentary oa the free-
trade arguments of our friends from New York
and the West, that with free trade in England
wages have gone down, down to the pauper
standard, and driven men into unlawful combi-
nations against Government. Labor ought to
be contented and prosperous in England if the
free trade that is urged upon us be good; but
it is little better than slavery—far worse than
the most oppressed forms of labor in this coun-
try. Nothing but the standing armies in the
military despotisms of Europe keep the popu-
lace in subjection and compel them to toil on in
hopeless poverty that the rich and the lazy may
monopolize the benefactions of Government.
But ours is a representative Republic. The
ballot is in the hand of labor- If the working-
men of this country would combine in solid
phalanx, and, unseduced by the blandishments
of capitalists and politicians, would be faithful
to themselves and to each other, they could con-
trol the Government. They could elect a Presi-
dent who would measure men by other standards
than the size of their gifts, and a Congress who
could find something more useful to do than
blasting the labor and production of the coun-
try in the name of "reconstruction." If pro-
tective tariffs are necessary, as for the present
I believe they are, so far as relates to our great
staples, or free trade is better, laboring men
could help themselves to such legislation as
they want; or if, as is quite likely, they would
find that excessive legislation is the bane of
their prosperity they could stop it. In a word,
the men who till the soil, who mine the pgal,
who make the iron, and manufacture the WQ.1
and cotton, could, without unlawful combina-
tion, rule the country in the interest of labor.
They could ?each up and take what they
want. I would they were wise enough in their
generation to improve their opportunities.
Thus much, Mr. Chairman, I have felt moved
to submit on this subject. My views will lead
me to support those provisions of the bill
which tend tp protect oar great "stapje^, and tp
oppose those that are in the interest of select
classes and monopolists. Allot,? me to say in
conclusion that I am perfectly aware to what
cross-fires I have exposed myself, ' Already a
scurrilous sheet in Philadelphia, the Indus-
trial Protector, has attacked my Democratic
colleagues and myself for our votes on abstract
principles of tariff policy , and in bad English
has called upon our districts to take us out of
Congress. I expect more of such objurgation.
Let it come, and if nothing worse happens to
me than to be kept at home I shall feel like
thanking my assailants. I improve this occa-
sion to gratify all ill-wishers, especially a little
band of malcontent Democrats iit my own dis-
trict, with the assurance that they will not
have the luxury of persecuting me next fall,
for, having served my constituents faithfully
in the Fortieth and Forty-First Congresses, I
shall not be a candidate for election to the
Forty-Second Congress.
Mr. ALLISON. Before the gentleman from
Pennsylvania takes his seat I would like to ask
him a question, for the purpose of eliciting
some information with reference to coal. 1
do not know that I have fully understood the
scope of his remarks on that subject. I under-
stood him to saythat the miners receive about
$1 per ton for mining the coal.
Mr. WOODWARD. The average, I think,
is rather less than that.
Mr. ALLISON. I understood the gentle-
man further to say that the companies trans-
porting the coal to New York receive, in round
numbers, $175 per ton for transportation, and
th3t the average price of the coal in New York
is $5 per ton. This leaves to the corporations
owning the coal mines a net profit of $2 25 per
ton. Now, I would like to understand whether
or not these corporations would be seriously
injured if there were a material reduction of
the duty on coal, and whether, if such legisla-
tion were adopted, it would interfere with the
interests of these laborers for whom the geu-
tleman pleads?
Mr. WOODWARD. The manner in which
a reduction of the tariff on iron would injure
these laborers would be by taking away their
employment. I do not think that the reduction
of the duty on coal would have much effect upon
the rate of wages.
Mr. ALLISON. That is what I wanted to
know.
Mr. WOODWARD. But a reduction of the
duty on iron would very materially impair the
business of these miners; and that is the rea-
son, as I have already said, that I am ready to
vote for the highest duty on iron which may be
proposed in this bill,
Mr. ALLISON. But, as I understand, the
principal consumers of this coal are the iron-
masters scattered along the Delaware and the
Susquehannaand in the neighborhood of New
York.
Mr. WOODWARD. I do notthink we would
reduce the price of coal by taking off the duty
on foreign coal. ,,
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know that we would.
Mr. WOODWARD. But a reduction of the
duty on iron would very materially and essen-
tially impair the coal trade. .
Mr. BUCKLEY. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to address the committee upon a single sub-
ject, and shall direct my remarks to so mucii
of the pending bill as is based upon the theory
so ofcen urged that it is for the interest ot ufie
Americanpeopleto "carry out their own goods
as much manufactured and bring* m those ot
