5090
the congressional globe.
July 1?,
and to insert "to the 1st day of-August, 18*70,
but after that date no further taxes shall be
collected under said sections."
' Mr. MORTON. 1 simply desire tosay that*
if the income tax is to come to an end it should
all end at the same time. To begin by repeal-
ing the whole tax on the 1st of January next,
and repealing the tax on salaries from the 1st
of August, one month hence, looks like making
a discrimination in our own favor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The general income tax
is repealed from the 1st of January last.
Mr. MORTON. I understood the chair-
man of the committee differently.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; we have committed
a wrong by collecting the tax on these salaries
for six months now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have been paying
it all along. . .
Mr. MORTON. Then in that point of view
the amendment is right.
Mr. SHERMAN. The decision of the De-
partment is that the taxes imposed by this sec-
tion are continuing taxes, and are notaffeeted
by the provisions of section one hundred and
nineteen. I think it is right enough, and it
ought to be ended at the end of this year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a different ques-
tion. ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As I read the
income tax law it was to continue during and
through the year 1870, and the means for col-
lecting it for this entire year, in order to have
harmony in the law, should have been provided.
Now, it so happens that a large share of the
community will have paid their income tax,
while others will be entirely released from it.
For instance, every person in this country who
owns stock in banks, in railroads—and there
are many who have their entire income in such
stocks—will have paid their income tax up to
the present time, while others are relieved. It
seems to me the Senate committed a very grave
error in repealing the personal income tax
until all branches of the income lax can come
out and end together; but it is, as the Sena-
tor from Indiana says, manifestly clear that if
the general income tax is to be done away
with, this ought to be; and then there will be
a large share of injustice inflicted oil nearly
one half of our community.
Mr. THURMAN. I thought nothing was
clearer than that the income tax expired with
1869 except that the taxes on the income of
18G9 could be collected as a matter of course.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The law reads
very clearly the other way.
Mr. SHERMAN. It says expressly for and
during the year 1870.
Mr. THURMAN. I have always under-
stood it to be perfectly clear that tax could
be collected on the income of 1869, but not of
1870.
Mr. SHERMAN. That grew out of a very
carcless phrase in the income tax law, which
probably was thrust into the bill when it was
pending. Section one hundred and nineteen
expressly provides that the income tax herein
imposed shall be continued for and daring the
year 1870 ; but it provides that the tax on per-
sonal income shall be collected in March for
the year preceding. Consequently, as there is
no provision for the collection of personal in-
come tax next March in the law, the law is
simply inoperative; that is all. But that only
applies to personal income. That is the pre-
cise difficulty that occurred, and it probably
grew out of some blunder at some time in the
progress of the bill through Congress; but the
intention of the law was explicit that the per-
sonal income tax should continue for and during
t he entire year 1870. But the other income
taxes are continuing taxes until we repeal them.
Mr. THURMAN. 'It has been some time
since I looked into it, but I know that I came
to the conclusion on looking into it that there
could be a collection of a tax on our income
for 1869—I speak now of personal income—but
not after that. Otherwise there would be no
use of talking about reviving the income tax.
If it is in force yet you would have had no such
question as we have been debating here; there
would have been no attempt made here to
revive it. But, as I understand, the tax paid
on dividends and on salaries comes under
another part of the statute. Now the question
is whether or not you will abolish that. I am
ready to abolish that, as I voted against the
income tax.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask that the amendment,
as amended, be read. I think there is some-
thing wrong about it.
The Chief Clerk. The section, as amended,
reads: ,
The sections one hundred and twenty, one hundred
and twenty-one, one hundred and twenty-two, and
one hundred and twenty-three of the act of June 30,
1864, entitled "An act to provide internal revenue to
support the Government, to pay interest on the pub-
lic debt, and for other purposos," as amended by tho
aet of July 13,1866. and the act of March 2,18b7, shall
be construed to impose the taxes theroin mentioned
to the 1st day of August, 1870, but after that dato no
further tax shall bo eollectod under said sections.
Mr. CORBETT. Now, I wish to inquire
whether these sections apply to business con-
tinued up to the 31st of December; whether
the tax on business up to the 31st of Decem-
ber will not be collected? If you state there,
that after August there shall be no further
income tax collected, then you settle the mat-
ter. I move to amend so that it will read that
there shall be no further income tax 
Mr. SHERMAN. That would be simply
absurd. The income tax is probably being
collected every day; some people have not yet
paid. The Senator need not be troubled about
any further income tax on business until next
year a popular revulsion shall compel the Sen-
ate to undo what they have done now. There
is no income tax now under the action of the
Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. I think the section should
be amended in such a way that there shall be
no assessment of income tax to be paid longer
than the month of August. If no business is
to pay a tax later than 18G9, why not say so?
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me the Sen-
ator ought to be willing to take my statement.
This has nothing to do with a tax on business.
If he will refer to the law he will find the very
sections here pointed out, and he will see that
those sections have nothing to do with personal
income. When I make that statement he ought
to be satisfied, or if not he ought to look at the
law.
Mr. CORBETT. That statement I am will-
ing to accept. I move no amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. I was about to call attention
to what I think has given rise to the confusion
on this subject by referring to the law itself.
Sections one hundred and sixteen, one hun-
dred and seventeen, one hundred and eighteen,
one hundred and nineteen, as I have the com-
pilation of the revenue laws before me, impose
what is termed the personal income tax. The
question arose as to how long that personal
income tax continued, and it arose on the lan-
guage of the one hundred and sixteenth section
taken in connection with the one hundred and
nineteenth section.
The one hundred and sixteenth section pro-
vides for the assessing of the tax in this form:
"And the tax herein provided for shall bo assessed,
collected, and paid upon the gains, profits, and in-
come for tho year ending tho 31st day of December,
next preceding the time tor levying, collecting, and
paying said tax."
Thus the time is fixed during which the tax
is to be assessed ; that is, for the year ending
31st of December, 1809. Now, when Congress
come to provide for collecting the tax assessed
for that year, it is provided for in this way:
"That tho tax on incomes herein imposed shall be
levied on the 1st day of March, and be duo and pay-
able on or before the 30fch day of April m each year,
until and including the year 1870, arid no longer."
Here are two clear provisions; first, the year
for which the taxr is to be assessed is to end on
the 31st of December, 1869; the time.when
that tax thus assessed is to be paid is between
the 1st day of March and the 30th day of April;
and the time when it is to be' paid is up to
and including March and April, 1870, and no
longer. That is what regulates the payment
of personal incomes.
Now the following sections regulate the tax
upon coupons, dividends, and salaries, and the
only question here remaining is whether taxes
on coupons, dividends, and salaries could be
levied and paid during the year 1870. This
legislation, as I understand the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, proposes
to settle that question whether- this tax upon
coupons, salaries, and dividends is to continue
during the year 1870, and if so, for what part
of that year ? It is not to continue any longer.
The amendment of the Senator from Nevada,
if it be adopted, will continue the tax on sala-
ries and dividends until the 1st day of August
and no longer, and the personal income tax
will have expired by its own limitation. That
will be the way we shall be left by adopting the
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the way I under-
stand it.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
'Che amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
reserved amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, inserted the following
section on page 39 :
And be it further enacted. That Oil and after the 1st
day of October, 1870, the taxes imposed by the inter-
nal revenue laws now in forco, herein specified, be,
and the are hereby, repealed, namoly, on articles m
schedule A; the special tax on boats, barges, and
fiats; on legacies and successions; on passports, and
on gross receipts.
Mr. SHERMAN. In line seven I move to
strike out the words " on gross receipts," and.
to nut in the word "and" before " passports."
The effect of that will be to leave the tax on
gross receipts as it is now, unrepealed.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope those words will not
be struck out. We must get rid of the tax on
gross receipts as well as on income, and make
clean work of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read that it may
be understood.
Mr. DRAKE. Let the whole section be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec. —And be it further enacted, That on and after
the 1st day of October,1870, the taxes imposed by the
internal revenue laws, now in force, herein specified,
be, and the same are hereby, repealed, namely: ou
articles in schedule A; the special tax on boats,
barges, and fiats; on legacies and successions: on
passports, and on gross receipts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is pro-
posed to amend this amendment by striking
out the words " and on gross receipts."
Mr. SAWYER. Is that subject to amend-
ment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is an
amendment to an amendment, not subject to
amendment in the second degree.
Mr. THURMAN. Let me see if I under-
stand it. The question is on striking out the
words '' and on gross receipts.'' If those words
be not stricken out the tax ou gross leceipts
will not exist.
Mr. SHERMAN. If thewords are stricken
out the tax on gross receipts will exist.
Mr. THURMAN. That is what I say; if
the words are stricken out the ofl'ect will be to
levy a tax on gross receipts; if the %vords be
not stricken out that tax will be abolished.
Mr. WILLIAMS. _ I was not able to concur
with the committee in determining to subject
gross receipts to taxes. I am in favor of tho
amendment as it was first reported by the
committee. I regard the tax on gross receipts
as altogether more objectionable .than the tax
