1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1315
one of those fifty were legally entitled to vote.
Yet the majority report alleges that these fifty
11)en voted for the contestee at a certain poll
where they had no legal right to vote, and
proposes
to throw out so many from Judge
Ijcpene1 s count.
But it is said, and said truly, that General
Tan Wyck ran behind his ticket—"unaccount-
ably behind his ticket" is the phrase; but that
part of it I do not adopt. He did run behind
his ticket at some of the voting places, and the
record discloses why. I propose to cite some ;
of that evidence, not for the purpose of reflect-
ing in any way upon General Van Wyck, but
asa necessary part of the record which must
go\0 the country. The country will give it
its due weight in the adjudication of this case— i
for this matter will be reviewed by the coun-
try—and w'th that understanding gentlemen
may as well meet and dispose of the question.
The testimony of the several successive wit-
nesses whose evidence I propose to cite will
be found on page 236 and several following >
pages. I wish that gentlemen who may have (
uiv doubts as to the legality of the votes cast
iu'different places would examine this testi-
mony and give it due weight. It is the testi-
mony of Republicans who are old residents
of their respective localities:
"Dain A. Stephens sworn for Mr. Greene:
" Question. Are you by profession and practice a
lawyer ? •
Antnctr. 1 es.
"Question. Where do you reside? |
"Answer. Third ward, city of Newburg.
"Question. Did you vote in that ward at the last i
general election ? ;
" Answer. Yes. j
" Question. Are you a Republican ? ]
"Answer. Yes. |
"Question. Who did you vote for for member of
Congress ?
" Answer. I voted for George W. Greene.
" Question. How did you come to vote for him ?
"Answer. Because I thought he was the most
proper person, and I considered him much the best
man of the two."
The testimony of this Republican, a prac-
ticing lawyer, accounts for one vote which Mr.
Greene got in excess of those upon the same
ticket:
"Thomas Kimball sworn for Mr. Greene:
" Question. Where do you reside?
"Answer. Third ward, city of Newburg.
" Question. What is your business ? 1
"Answer. Lumber business.
"Question. How long have you been engaged in
that business in Newburg? 1
"Answer. Seventeen or eighteen years. 1
" Question. You are a Republican ?
"Answer. Yes.
" Question. Do you know of a Republican who had
the Republican ticket with Mr. Van Wyck's name
erased ?
"Answer. Yes.
" Question. About how many ?
"Answer. From twenty to twenty-five I know.
"Question. Do you know whether or not any such
ticket was voted ?
"Answer. Yes, I know of one such; I voted it
myself. I had, in my opinion, {rood reasons for doing
so; I did not think Mr. Van Wyck to be a worthy
representative of Republican principles or an hon-
est man."
This is the language of the witness, not mine.
I now read from his cross-examination:
['Cross-examined:
"Question. Do you know whether any of the twenty
or twenty-five tickets you have spoken of wa« voted
with but your exception ?
"Answer. I do not know of it to be a fact, but only
of the promise of the parties to vote them.
"Question. Can you name the parties you gave
them to ?
"Answer. I prefer not to do so at present."
To the same point is the testimony of Henry
M. Connelley:
I]Henry M. Connelley sworn for Mr. Greene:
Queshon. You are a lawyer residing in the city
ot( Newburg?
\inkner. Yes, and lived in the third ward.
' Uuention. IIow long have you resided in the city
otJiewburg?
About seventeen or eighteen years.
. Qumtion. Did you vote at thelast general election
in the third ward?
^usir-r. I (lid.
Qu^tton. You are a Republican and a member
ouke Republican party ?
Answer. Ye*.
Question. Do you know of any Repnblioansin the
city of .Newburg who voted against Charles H. Van
  yek at last election for Congressman ?
Answer. Yes.
" Question. State as near as you can about the num-
ber in your ward ?
"Answer. I know of between thirty and forty.
" Cross-examined:
"Question. You were formerly an officer in the fifty-
sixth regiment New York volunteers. Can you name
any of the thirty or forty men you speak of?
"Answer. Yes, I can name some of the thirty or
forty.
"Question. Will you name them?
"Antwer. Yes, if I am obliged to. Iam willingto
state anything I done myself, but I don't want to
expose any one else.
"Question. Do you know of your own knowledge
that thirty or forty Republicans living in the third
ward voted against Charles 11. Vau Wyck as member
of Congress at the last general election ?
"Answer. I do.
"Question. Now, will you give us the grounds of \
your knowledge?
"Answer. At that election I acted as clerk at the
polls, and noticed particularly the split Republican
tickets on Congressmen, and there were at least that
number of Republican tickets with Mr. Van Wyck's
name erased, and in the majority of cases the name
of Mr. Greene written thereon."
Here is a man who knows what he is talking
about. It is the testimony of the Republican
clerk, who has official knowledge of the facts
of which he speaks, and he was examined on
behalf of Mr. Van Wyck.
" Question. Can you state the majority of the splits
for Mr. Greene ?
" Answer. About two thirds of them; I think they
were over forty.
"Redirect:
" Question. Who was the colonel of the fifty-sixth
regiment when you was in the service ?
"Ansujsr. Charles H. Van Wyck.
" Question. In what capacity were you in that
regiment?
"Answer. I enlisted as second lieutenant.
" Question. How long were you in the service ?
"Answer. From September, 1861, until 17thMarch,
1865.
" Question. What rank did you hold when dis-
charged ?
" Answer. Brevet lieutenant colonel.
" Question. On whose staff were you ?
"Answer. General Jordan's. I was in fifty-sixth
regiment until October, 1802."
Next I come to the testimony of Isaac M.
Martin.
" Isaac M. Martin sworn for Mr. Greene :
" Question. In what ward of the city of Newburg
do you reside?
"Answer. Third.
" Question. How long have you resided in New-
burg?
" Answer. AH my life, with the exception of seven
years.
" Question. You are a Republican and a member
of the Republican party ?
"Answer. Yes.
" Question. Did you vote in the third ward at the
last general election ?
"Answer. Yes.
" Question. Do you know of any Republican who
voted in that ward that voted against General Van
Wyck at last election for member of Congress?
"Answer. Yes.
" Question. Did you vote for him ?
" Anmcer. I voted for George W. Greene for Con-
gressman.
" Question. Can you state about how many Repub-
licans voted against Mr. Van Wyck in the third ward ?
"Answer. 1 think seventeen.
"Question. State, if you have no objections, how
you came to vote against General Van Wyck.
"Answer. I would rather not answer.
" Cross-examination:
"Question. Were you a member of tho fifty-sixth
regiment New York volunteers?
" Answer. No.
" Question. Can you name tho Republicans who
voted against Mr. Van Wyck in tho third ward ?
" Answer. I can, but I don't want to do it.
" Question. Do you know, of your own knowledge,
that seventeen Republicans voted in the third ward
at last general election against Van Wyck for Con-
gressman?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Quention. What is the ground of your knowl-
edge?
" Answer. In comparing tickets before voting and
fixing tickets for others to vote."
There is the testimony of a man, a Repub-
lican himself, that some seventeen Republic-
ans voted against Mr. Van Wyck in the third
ward, and in favor of George W. Greene for
Congress. There is other like evidence in the
same case, stating the same fact of Republicans
refusing to vote for Mr. Van Wyck and casting
their votes for Mr. Greene, and it is for this
House to decide whether they shall declare this
election null and void and go on and hold a
new election here to see if you can bring your
party lines any closer here, and whether you
can bring your men to stand side by side any
more closely than you did in the city of New-
burg. But I appeal to the House not to de-
cide this case as partisans. 1 do not charge
such to be the intention, nor do I desire to
make any such charge. If you should so de-
cide it, the responsibility is with you and not
mine. I hope and trust you will decide the
case on the record of fact as strictly as if you
wereactingunder oath ; butbeassured, whether
you decide for or against George W. Greene,
when he goes back to the people of the elev-
enth district of the State of New York, from
the testimony which has been presented to the
House on the part of Republicans who voted
against Mr. Van Wyck and for Mr. Greene
because they considered him the better man,
then instead of the sitting member being re-
turned to this House by a majority of 323, he
will come back to the Forty-Second Congress
with a majority of more than 1,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, obtained the
floor.
h. merchant.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURN, of Mas-
sachusetts, by unanimous consent, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the tiles of
the House of the papers in the case of L.
Merchant, District of Columbia, for reference
in the Senate.
captain ii. k. tiiatciieu.
On motion of Mr. SHELDON, ofNew York,
by unanimous consent, leave was granted for
the withdrawal from the files of the House of
the papers in the case of Captain H. K.
Thatcher.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body insisted upon its amendments
to House bill No. 1097, making appropriation
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1870, and for other purposes, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives ; agreed to the
| conference asked by the House on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon ; and had
appointed Mr. Morrill of Maine, Mr. Cragin,
and Mr. Casserly the conferees on its part.
It further announced that the Senate insisted
upon its amendments to House bill No. 782,
making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1871, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, agreed to the conference
asked by the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Wilson, Mr. Schurz, and Mr. Stockton
conferees on its part.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed without amendment the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 117) authorizing the Secretary
of War to place at the disposal of the Bridges's
Battery Association at Chicago, Illinois, cer-
tain captured ordnance.
british north american indians.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report the following
resolution, on which I demand the previous
question:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House and the Representatives to bo admitted to
the House from Georgia, Mississippi, and Texas, six
thousand extra copies of the report of F. N. Blake
on the management of the Indians in British North
America to the British Government.
Mr. DAWES. That resolution is in an un-
usual form. Why does my friend assume that
members are to be admitted from those States?
Mr. LAFLIN. I would not have introduced
the resolution if I thought it would give rise
to objection. Members from States admitted
are continually applying for their share of the
public documents, and we thought it best, as
this report costs only two and a half cents per
copy, to provide for members from all the
States, assuming, of course, that the States
indicated would also be admitted to repre-
sentation.
Mr. DAWES. That is all proper. But I
