1870;]
APPENDIX TO THE GOMftRESSIQNAIi GLOBE.
301
41st Cong....-2d Sess,.
State of Georgia—Mr. Fowler.
Senate.
ernor? Let us read the law providing for
officers whose duty it is to preserve the peace
of the State.
I read now from the code of Tennessee;
"Sec. 4933. The sheriff is the principal conserv-
ator of the peace in his county, and it is his duty to
suppress all affrays, riots, routs,unlawful assemblies,
insurrections, or other breaches of the peace; to do
whieh he may summon to his aid as many of the
inalo inhabitants of the county as he thinks proper.
"Sec. 4934. The judicial and ministerial officers
of justico in the State, and the mayor, aldermen,
marshals, and police of cities and towns are also
conservators of thp peace, and required to aid in the
prevention and suppression of public offenses, and
for this purpose may act with all the power of the
sheriff.
"Sec. 4935. All officers authorized to execute judi-
cial process in this State who find or have reason to
apprehend that resistance will be made to the ex-
ecution thereof may command the aid of the male
inhabitants, as above prescribed for suppressingriots.
"Sec. 4936. If it appear to the Governor that the
power of any county is not sufficient to enable the
sheriff to executo process delivered to him, he may,
on application of the sheriff, order such posse or
military force as is necessary from any other county
or counties.
"Sec. 4937. If any person commanded to aid un-
der the provisions of this chapter any magistrate or
officer, without good cause, refuses or neglects to
obey such command, he is guilty of a misdemeanor.
"Sec. 4938. If a magistrate or officcr, having notice
of any unlawful act provided against in this chapter,
neglects or refuses to do his duty in the prevention
of the public offense, he is guilty of a misdemeanor.
"Sec. 4939. It is the duty of all peace officers who
know or have reason to suspect any person of being
armed with the intention of eommittine a riot Or
affray, or of assaulting, wounding, or killing another
person, or of otherwise breaking the peace, to arrest
such person forthwith and take him before some
justice of tho pcace."
Here are laws against crimes and all dis-
turbers of the peace ; here are officers pro-
vided for the preservation of the peace, and
over all a Governor of the State,the represent-
ative of the will and conscience of a sovereign
people, elected by more than sixty thousand
majority, and a suffrage of one hundred and
twenty thousand voters, representing seven
hundred thousand people, asking the Presi-
dent of the United States for troops to hold in
check, not his opponents, but his supporters,
giving color to the accusation made by polit-
ical gamblers and mercenary spies that they
are a race of fraternal assassins. 0 pre-
sumption ! O impudence 1 have you no bounds?
Credulous and deluded people, who believe
such fictions woven from ambition,resentment,
and fear, bear the use made of the testimony
of this Governor by a grave Senator, lashed
into a tower of ferocious passion over the dying
and the dead that are sinking beneath the
unchecked lawlessness of these same constit-
uents and supporters of a loyal Governor.
After the frightful picture of 1868; the Senator
says, " but the evil has been spreading since
that time." His (the Governor's) presence in
Washington and demand for troops "prove
the state of things is getting worse instead of
better." Then, says the report of the Legisla-
ture, the murders were one a day and not all
got. If they in one year, from 1867 to 1868,
reached the number of one a day, how many
would they average at this time ?
These masked murderers marched through
Nashville, and assassins are permitted as Pale
Faces to enter the legislative halls. The good
Governor hastens to Washington, shouting—
"Alas! poorcountry;
Almost afraid to know itself! It cannot
Be called ourmother, but our grave; wherenothing,
But who knows nothing, is once seen to smile;
"VV here sighs, and groans, and shrieks that rent the air
Are made and marked; where violent sorrow seems
A modern ecstasy: the dead man's knell
Is there scarce ask'd, for whom; and good men's lives
Expire before the flowers m their caps,
Dying or ere they sicken."
Such is the horrid picture of crimes rolling
wave on wave, until their gory summits stain
the skies. Can credulity trust such a romance,
even in the days of the power and active labors
of this diabolical organization ? But the Sen-
ator, wife a power characteristic of him for
general and comprehensive grouping of facts
and fictions which cover a great extent of time,
combines all these elements of crime, actual
and imaginary, into the awful present, making
the social condition of the State to-day one
dreadful hell of terror, oppression, and death.
To establish this frightful picture of loath-
some horror the testimony of General Forrest i3
invoked; a witness suitable for the purpose; an
instrumentality designed by some Nemesis of
wrath to prove thepeople of Tennessee a con-
gregated band of Thugs, the organized, sworn
conspirators against virtue, industry, and honor
—a regularly constituted fraternity of assassin-
ation and torture. This evidence Governor
Senter is made to furnish against his constit-
uents when before the Reconstruction Com-
mittee of the House. To the following ques-
tion he answered:
"By Mr. Woon:
"What proportion of the entire population of
tho State have participated in these Kuklux out-
rages ?
Answer. Tho only statement we have had that
was looked upon as authentic was made by General
Forrest, that thero wero forty thousand Kuklux iu
Tonnossee."
This statement, taken from the interview
between General Forrest and the most unre-
liable of all that unreliable race of accidental
beings—for no creative power would ever admit
them the workmanship of his hands—was pub-
lished in 1868,and afterward denied by Forrest.
Yet this wholesale condemnation of a State,
for it is nothing else, is called by tho Governor
an authentic statement. The Governor him-
self does not'believe these figures, if they were
even made as alleged. The next question shows
that Mr. Wood understood the value of Gen-
eral Forrest's testimony better than the Gov-
ernor :
" Question. General Forrest is not generally looked
upon as a reliable man in his statements, is he ?
" Answer. He is a shooting man, and I reckon I
had better not say much about that; but my con-
clusion is, reasoning upon the subject, that thero
must bo a very stringent organization, not only well
organized, but well officered, from the fact that they
have committed these outrages, and neither money
nor law has been able to reach them."
I am satisfied, and upon the statement of
Governor Senter, that he had no fears of For-
rest or his clans.
But let us seethe use made by the honorable
Senator of this little piece of diplomacy on the
part of the Governor:
" There are two points in that to which I call the
attention of the Senator first, that according to Gen-
eral Forrest there are forty thousand in Tennessee;
and then to the perfect illustration thatjseiven of
the effect cf the terror created there, which has fol-
lowed Governor Senter to this city, in Jus testimony
before the committee,for he says he reckons he had
better not speak veiy freoly in regard to General
Forrest, because he is a shooting man. When the
Gorernor of the State cannot speak freely because
the terror of this-organization follows him to the
capital of the United States, what shall be said of
tho people of that State who live in the midst of
these enemies, who are without official power and
protection? They cannot speak freely, and they dare
not testify to the nameless outrages that are com-
mitted from day today in their neighborhood and in
their very presence."
Forrest in arms and Governor Senter fleeing
to Washington for troops to suppress his forty
thousand Kuklux! Think of the terror of this
valorous Governor, afraid to speak about the
fierce head center of the clan at the distance
of one thousand miles from the scene. True,
the Governor says he is not afraid, that he
sportively waived an opinion of his credibil-
ity in his absence ; still he called the bravado I
"a shooting man," and the credulous believe
the Governor trembles in terror at his name.
But aside from this ridiculous picture, bound
to be read over a broad expanse of country
and be believed by many good and deluded
people, I come now to give the real testimony
of the Governor. ''These stories are mag-
nified fivefold," says he. "The condition of
the State in respect to law and order has been
improving from 1866 to the close of 1869."
He then mentions five or six cases of outrages.
None of them, except one, were of a political
character. The cause of his asking for troops
is not easily comprehended unless it be pre-
cisely what he says, that if he had troops he
could.keep the peace. .Certainly he could. He
does not say there is any necessity for them.
The Legislature, it is true, repealed the law
authorizing the Governor to equip militia, and
very properly. Who that has witnessed the
effect of that pernicious system ever wishes
again to see one party called out to overawe
another in the same State ? The Governor in
his testimony fails to make out a decent pre-
text for military power in the State. It was
but another of the many political moves suited
to a political gambling-table.
I will now call the attention of the public
to other and more competent testimony. I
will insert an extract from a letter of Hon. E.
D  Farensworlh, of Nashville, now presiding
officer in the Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows of
the United States. This gentleman is so well
known to this large, intelligent, and benevolent
body of Americans that I need not hut refer
to him. His present position is one of the most
honorable in the Republic, quite as much so as
that of the Executive of the nation. I intro-
duce this to show the general condition of the
State. If not so gloomy and peculiarly imag-
inative as that of the honorable Senator from
Indiana, it is more strictly limited by common
sense and truthfulness:
Chattanooga, March 17,1870.
Dear Sir: At the request of friends and citizens
friendly to the interests of tho State of Tennessee
I leit Nashville yesterday in company with Hon.
Henry Cooper and others for Washington, lor the
purpose of truly and faithfully representing towhom
it may concern our candid opinion of the political
condition of the State of Tennessee, You havo
known me, sir, for many years, and know that I do
not nor ever did take any part in politics. I am
by birth a northern man, as well as so educated. I
have lived a number of years in Nashville. I took
no active part in tho late war, having been an activo
member ol the order of Odd Followsfor manyyears.
I did use all the means, mental and otherwise, in my
power to prevent our order from being disrupted
during the war, when attempts were made in some
southern States to dissolve their connection with tho
Grand Lodge of the United States. I rejoice to say
Tennessee or Tennessee Odd Fellows never took
any part in such dissolution, save to oppose it. 1
succeeded in so far as i could in keeping our order
as it is and was—a unit. In September, 18G8, the
Grand Lodge of the United States, as you are aware,
clected me to the chief executive olliccof that body.
In that position I am in constant communication
with very many lodges of our order throughout
Tennessee, sis well as all the other states. There are
now about one hundred lodges of our order in active
work in thisf tato, and I satisfied there is scarcely
a single lodgo in the State which has not members
who aro northern men by birth. In every lodge in
the State the utmost harmony prevails; no distinc-
tions aro known or feit. At the last session of tho
Grand Lodge of Tennessee, last November, that
body elected a northern man, always a Union man,
as their representative to represent them in the
Grand Lodste of tho United States, and over four
opposing candidates who were all southern men. I
have been through the State in nearly every section
of it during the past year, and I say to you as an
Odd Fellow that I believe thpeondition of this Stato
politically ,to be more quiet, orderly, and peaceable
than at anytime for years. I am free to say that
in my opinion if the State is left to her own people,
and the government in their hands, tho State
will rapidly and surely attain lier original position,
and her people will become happy and prosperous.
You know, sir, that I opposed the rebellion. Can-
dor, experience, and truth induce mo to say that
Tennessee is as quiet, as loyal, and truo to the Gov-
ernment ol the united States as any State north of
the Ohio river, and I am lor two years past as familiar
with many ol' tho northern States as I am with Ten-
nessee, having traveled through them, and speak
advisedly.
Yours, &c„ E. D. FAKEXSWOKTH.
Hon. Joseph S. Fowlkk.
United Mutes Srnator, Washington, D. C.
Cleayeland, Texsessee,
April 9,1870.
Dear Sir: Having implicit faith in your integrity
as a man, your purity of purpose as a politician, and
warmth as a friend, I take pleasure in responding to
the questions contained in your letter of the 5th in-
stant. You ask, " How do you stand on the proposi-
tion to reconstruct Tennessee?" I answer emphatic-
ally, against reconstruction. " What is tho state of
your county as regards law and order ?" I answer,
I have lived in this county since I was mustered out
