1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5091
upon incomes. It hag the same inquisitorial
character, and it is a tax that is imposed on
the losses of a man as well as upon his gains.
Suppose a man in business receives $100,000
during a year and during the same time loses
$100,000; of course he makes nothing on that
year, but he is compelled to pay a tax on
$100,000. It seems to me that such a tax,as
that is certainly unjust and one that ought not
to be maintained. To this tax all the objec-
tions exist that exist to a tax upon incomes, and
the additional objection that it is as much a
tax upon a mail's losses as upon his gams. I
think if we tax incomes at all (and this is
another name for taxing incomes) we ought
to tax the gains and profits, and not the losses
as well, h'or these reasons, briefly stated, I
am opposed to the motion of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make this motion with
extreme regret. I do not believe there are
many taxes in the tax list that are worse than
the tax on gross receipts. Anybody may abuse
the tax on gross receipts as much as he will,
and I will say ameu. But we cannot repeal
all the taxes proposed to be repealed.
The Senator from Illinois seems to question
the accuracy of the statement I made as to
the amount of reduction. According to the
official statement it is $24,304,208 on the tariff,
and $43,697,774 on'internal taxes. In my judg-
ment we ouglitnot to go further. If the House
agree to our amendments, as I hope they will,
without a committee of conference, we shall
repeal more taxes than we have surplus lev-
enue; and certainly in the face of such facts
we ought not to do it. I go upon the supposi-
tion that the sugar tax is also reduced. The
Committee on Finance, when they were driven
to the necessity of putting back some of the
taxes on account of the defeat of the income
tax, proposed to continue the tax on gross
receipts. I will read the items it affects.
Mr. RAMSEY. What does it yield?
Mr. SHERMAN. Six million threehundred
thousand nine hundred and ninety-eight dol-
lars. Lotteries and lottery-ticket dealers pay
$60,329 :railroads, $3,255,487 ; insurance com-
panies, $1,323,330; express companies, $579,-
567; ferries, $144,978; ships, barges, &c.,
$36,967; stage-coaches, $183,128; steamboats,
$222,964; telegraph companies, $205,441;
theaters, operas, circuses, and museums,
$231,052. These are the taxes on gross
receipts.
The hardship of these taxes is that they are
levied on the gross receipts of corporations,
some of which have no profits at all, while
others are very profitable. Still, with all the
objections, we thought it necessary to restore
the tax on gross receipts. We cannot afford
to repeal all the taxes. If the Senate would
leave sugar at the same rate in the old law, I
felt at one time inclined to risk the repeal of
the tax on gross receipts; but my own impres-
sion is that it is better for us to restore both
the tax ou gross receipts and the tax on sugar,
as in the old law, and then we shall still have
a reduction of $80,112,684.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am in favor of the tax
on gross receipts, as this tax is called; that is,
iu taxing railroad companies and insurance
dealers, and lottery-ticket dealers, and express
companies, a certain share of the funds that
they derive from the pockets of the people for
traveling, and for lottery tickets, and that class
of amusements.
Mr. SHERMAN. Lottery tickets yield a
very small revenue.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It illustrates, it is a part
of that class of business. If we continue this
tax we get so much revenue aud do not burden
the people any more than they are burdened
now. If you take it off, the people who pay it,
the people who travel on the railroads, and
who do all the other things that are provided
for in that schedule as the sources of this tax-
ation will notgain a penny by it. It will cost
a man just as much to travel from here to
Columbus, Ohio; it will cost him just as much
to get an insurance policy as before; it will
cost him just as much to buy a lottery ticket,
if he is fool enough to buy one at alt. There-
fore, inasmuch as we havegotto tax the people
in some way to keep up the Government and
pay its debts, the question is whether we shall
take it out of the pockets of those who engage
in these franchises or add this much to their
profits.
Mr. CAMERON. I moved the other day
to reconsider the vote on the sugar question,
with the understanding that the inco.me tax and
the tax upon gross receipts were to be repealed,
or else I should not have made that motion at
all. I think it is most strange that lottery
sales and lottery tickets should be stuck in
here. Lottery dealing and drawing is an
unlawful proceeding altogether; it produces
hardly any revenue; it seems to be just enough
to make other things connected with it unpop-
ular. You might just as well say that gam-
bling houses should be taxed as lottery estab-
lishments. There ought to be no recognition
of lottery sales in our laws. The State laws
do not recognize them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In several States they do.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not know where
they are; but I rose to say that I voted the
other day to restore the tax on sugar because
I thought the income tax and the tax on gross
receipts were to be abolished by our votes.
If we are to continue the tax on gross receipts
I shall vote to reconsider the vote putting the
old tax on sugar.
Mr. CORBETT. This tax on gross receipts
does not require any additional machinery.
We have done away with the income tax, which
required a great deal of machinery. The com-
panies make their returns to the assessor quar-
terly or semi-annually as it may be, and this
tax, as it has been said, is levied upon corpor-
ations. We have relieved the stockholders,
the "people who receive incomes and dividends
from these corporations, from the income tax ;
and now we propose simply to levy a tax upon
the gross receipts. As we cannot afford to
take off any more taxes, we have concluded
to retain this tax upon gross receipts, and I
hope we may follow the Senator from Ohio in
that respect.
Mr. HAMLIN. It seems to me that it might
be more appropriate for the Senate to vote on
the question of the duties on sugar before they
vote on the question of gross receipts.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then 1 will present the
amendment offered by the committee 
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; let us have this
first. I will ask a vote on this first because I
differ a little about sugars from my friend from
Maine.
Mr. SUMNER. Is not the question now on
gross receipts ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the question.
Mr. SUMNER. As I understand it, the
Senator from Ohio differs from his committee ;
therefore, to a certain extent differing from
himself  
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg to correct the Sen-
ator. The committee recommended that the
tax on gross receipts be restored.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That was the understand-
ing in case the income tax was stricken out;
but I did not agree to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was instructed to offer
the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio withdraw his amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no power to with-
draw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can withdraw it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will renew it if he does.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no power to with-
diaw an amendment adopted as in Committee
of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFPtCEB. Bat the
amendment t,o strike out these three words.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the question would
-recur on concurring in the pending amend-
ment.
Mr. HAMLIN. This is a pending question;
you may take another question before this is
put to the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is a question before
the Senate now on agreeing to the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole on this
particular point.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. While the
Senator from Ohio cannot withdraw the ques-
tion of concurring in the amendment made in
Committee of the Whole, he can withdraw his
specific motion, which is to amend that amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Exactly, and that would
bring np the question of concurring in that
amendment; bat if he does withdraw it, I shall
renew it, because it is important that we hold
on either to the tax on incomes or to the tax
on gross receipts. We must hold on to one
or the other.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it is important that
we hold on to neither. I think the income tax
and the tax on gross receipts both ought to be
given up ; and I must say that I am a little im-
patient at the constant menace of a deficit. I
am not afraid of a deficit. I do not think there
is any danger of its coming. I have faith in
the resources of this country.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from Massachusetts a question,
whether he thinks we can have the north
pole expedition if we do not have a tax on
gross receipts? [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. I do, unquestionably. The
Senator introduces the question rather for
pleasantry than for argument.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
to ask my friend, too, whether he thinks he can
pay the French spoliation claims and those
growing out of the war of 1812?
Mr. SUMNER. I do, sincerely. I believe
this country can pay all its debts without any
deficit-
Mr. SHERMAN. And without any taxes.
Mr. SUMNER. No, I do not say without
taxes. There are taxes enough. I insisted at
the beginning of this session that we should
reduce the taxes ; I have so insisted constantly
almost, day by day; aud now, at the last mo-
ment, i insist again. I insist especially that
taxes as odious as the income tax and the tax
on gro^s receipts shall be abandoned. Nor do
1 believe that there is any necessity of our
imposing on that account any addition to the
tax on sugar. I believe that the resources of
this country are ample, and that we shall find
next year a larger income than any estimates
which have been presented by the chairman
of the committee.
I hope, therefore, the Senate will go for-
ward—may I use the word "courageously?"—
with this business, and not hesitate in cutting
down taxes that are justly obnoxious.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 wish to correct my
friend. It requires no courage to repeal taxes.
It requires more courage to stand up and main-
tain taxes and resist expenditures, but nothing
the other way.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend constantly hesi-
tates when a proposition is made to reduce a
tax. On every one of these propositions we
have seen him showing a sensitiveness as if
he were, as indeed he is, the guardian of the
Treasury. He seems to sit on the money bags ;
he is afraid that the Senate should open them,
and that the country should lose thereby. Sir,
I have no such fear. I believe that the Senate
will in the end arrange this system of taxation
on a footing of justice, and one that is in har-
mony with the resources of the country.
The information that I have from other quar-
ters is that the tax on gross receipts is not
