1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A bill (S. No. 278) to establish certain post
roads in tlie State of Oregon ;
• ^ ^°\ )to regulate the immigra-
tion of Chinese into the United States, and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 65) to extend
the port of entry of the collection district of
Oregon.
Mr, SUMNER asked, and by .unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 280) in relation to the appellate jurisdiction
of the Supreme Court of the United States in
certain cases; which was read twice by its title.
Mi*. SUMNER. I should like to have the
biU read for information. It is.very brief.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
Jit tienacted> &?., That all appellate jurisdiction
of the Supreme Court ot the United, States in causes
or proceedings commenced by the writ of habeas
corpus 13 hereby repealed and abolished.
bEC.2. And be it further enacted, That this act shall
take encct lroiu and after its passage.
Mr. SUMNEIi. I give notice that as soon
as the committees are constituted I shall move
the reference of that bill to the Committee on
the Judiciary, in the hope that it may be re-
ported promptly to the Senate for immediate
action. There are interests in question which
are well known to the Senate and the country
that may be seriously affected by that bill.
Meanwhile I ask that it be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table, and be ordered to be printed if there be
no objection. ,
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 281) to provide for the reconstruction of
the State of Georgia; which was read twice
by its title, and ordered to lie on the table and
be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT aslced, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
282) respecting the jurisdiction of the district
court of the United States for the district of
Cape Fear, in tlie district of North Carolina ;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 283) to remove political disabilities of
certain persons therein named; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask that the bill be read
at length, as it is a short one. y
The Secretary read as follows :
He it enacted, &c., That all logal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of tho United States bv leason of
participation in the rebellion be, and thoy hereby
are, removed from the following persons, namely :
Charles C. Crowe, of Perry county, and Alexander
McKinstry, of Mobile county, State of Alabama; and
Philemore B. Hawkins, of Franklin county, in tho
State ofNorth Carolina; andC.R.Mobley, ot Lampa
county, State of Florida.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate for the immediate consider-
ation of this biJI.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any
objection?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall be compelled to
object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill will lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. WARNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 281) for the removal of political disabili-
ties of citizens of Alabama; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. WARNER. As the bill is a short one
I ask that it be read at length.
The Secretary read as follows:
' He it enacted, d'-e., That all political disabilities
imposed by the third section of tho fourteenth arti-
cle of amendment to the Constitution of the United
States or by law of Congress for reason of participa-
tion in rebellion against the Government ot tho
United States arc hereby removed from all persons
who were citi/.oiis of the State of Alabama on tho 1st
day of December, 1869.
Mr. WARNER. I move that the bill lie on
the table and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARNER, also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. Not 285) for the removal of political
disabilities; which was read twice by its title,
and ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 286) to provide'for the execution of the
law against the crime of polygamy in the Ter-
ritory of Utah, and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its "title, and ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG- asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 287) to'remove political1 disabilities
from certain persons;1 which was read twice
by its title, and orderted to lie on the table and
be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 288)
authorizing the establishment of" ocean'mail
steamship service between the United States,
Mexico, and' Central America; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie "on the
table and be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous ' con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
289) to abolish coinage charges in the United
States Mint and its branches; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table'and be printed.
•Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce, a joint
resolution (S." R. No. 66) for the relief of per-
sons engaged in the late rebellion; which was
read twice by its title".
Mr. STEWART. As this 'joint resolution
is a short one I ask that it be read in full.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Resolved, &c., That upon the ratification by the
Legislatures of three fourths of tho States of article
fifteen of tho Constitution of the United States, pro-
posed by tho Fortieth Congress, all disabilities im-
posod by tho United States in consequence of par-
ticipation in the late rebellion shall cease, and no
person shall after such ratification be deprived of
any civil or political right on account of participation
in such rebellion.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the joint reso-
lution lie on the table for the present and be
printed.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by, unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 67) for the disposal of
the public lands in the State of Louisiana;
which was read twicc by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
RIGHTS OF PERSONS.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee oh tho Judiciary bo
requested to inquire if any States are denying to
any class of porsons within their jurisdiction the
equal protection of tho law, in violation of treaty
obligations with foreign nations and of section one
of uic fourteenth amendment to the Constitution;
and if so, what legislation is necossary to enforce
such treaty obligations and such amendment, and to
report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest that the reso-
lution just passed should lie on the table until
the committees are constituted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the vote on the passage of the reso-
lution will be regarded as reconsidered, and
the resolution will lie on the tabic.
Mr. STEWART. Until the committees are
formed ?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, certainly.
BRITISH NORTHWEST TERRITORY.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration, as
I presume there will be no objection to it:
Remlverl, That the President of tho United States
is hereby requested, if in his judgment consistent
with the public interests, to communicate to the
Senate such information as may bo in the possession
of (.ho-Government relating to the presence of Hon.
William MaeDougall, of Pembina, in Dakota
Territoiy, and the opposition by the inhabitants of
Selkirk settlement to his assumption of the office of
Governor of the northwest territory, lately said
to be transferred by the Hudson Bay Company to
tho Dominion of Canada.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, before mak-
ing the motion I propose to make in regard to
that resolution, I would observe that it relates
to a question to which the President may pos-
sibly refer in his message. I know not, of
course, that he will; but it certainly may come
within the topics of the message ; and under
those circumstances I think it not advisable
for the Senate to come to any conclusion to-
day.- I would therefore movo that for the
pTeseWt it lie on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion. I can see no reason
why objection should be made to this resolu-
tion any more than to others which have
already been adopted. It may bring out ad-
ditional information to that cpntained in the
message. I presume, however^ one objection
under our' rules carries the resolution over.
The VICE' PRESIDENT. The Senator
from"Massachusetts moves that the resolution
lie on the table. If he simply objects to its
consideration it must go over until to-morrow,
when it will come up in the morning hour in
its regular order.
Mr. SUMNER. I object, then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie' over.
LANDS FOR NAVAL PURPOSES.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to report to theScnato what amount ofland,
if any, is claimed, held, or occupied by the Naty De-
Sartment for naval or other purposes in the State of
ouisiana.
STATE OF GEORGIA.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 3, notwith a view to its consideration
to-day, but with a view to fixing some time for
its consideration hereafter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill (S. No. 3) to
enforce the fourteenth amendment of the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States in the
State of Georgia, and to restore to that State
the republican government elected under its
new constitution.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now move that the bill
be postponed until Wednesday next at one
o'clock, and made the special order at that
time. It is a bill relating to the State of
Georgia, and one which we ought to act upon
one way or the other. We ought either to re-
ceive her Senators or we ought to decide what
further, if anything, she is to do. I hope,
therefore, there .will be no objection to making
the bill the order for that time, that the subject
may be considered and disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves that the further consid-
eration of this bill be postponed until Wednes-
day at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I submit the following reso-
lution, and ask the action ofthe Senateuponit:
Resolved, That tho President of the United States
bo requested to communicate to the Senate tho
reports of the military commander of tho district of
which Georgia is a part in regard to the civil and
political condition ot the State of Georgia, if in his
opinion not incompatible with the public interest.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I have
no objection to this resolution or to the resolu-
tions that are being adopted, but I wish to
suggest to the Senate that we have not yet
received the message of the President of the
United States, nor have we received the reports
from any of the heads of Departments. A
committee has gone from this body to wait on'
the President and ascertain whether he has any
communication to make. Itisaltogetherprob-
able that we may find in the message of tho
President, or accompanying that message, the
very information that is sought for by these
p resolutions; and it seems to me it would bo
' more respectful to tho Executive, and mora in
