4148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
and to claimants who come before Congress,
will obtain it.
Now, sir, upon principle I am opposed to it.
I say that that class of persons in the insurrec-
tionary States have no standing in law upon
which they can claim this indemnity against
the United States, on the ground that they con-
stituted a part of the hostile people during the
war, being in a territory that was by law hostile
or enemy's country, subject, therefore, to all
the incidents and all the rules of war—a war
solicited, courted by whole populations in the
United States. Let those populations submit,
not only to the laws, but to the fortunes of
war.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President, I am
somewhat astonished at the remarks which
have just fallen from the lips of my honorable
friend from Michigan. He seems to hold every
one living in the South responsible for this
war. I ask the Senators on the floor of the
Senate to be consistent. On Friday last they
voted an amendment upon the Indian appro-
priation bill giving three tribes of Indians who
were driven from their homes into.either Kan-
sas or Missouri $90,000 for the losses they sus-
tained in the war. Now, sir, I should like to
know if the Indians, the savages of this coun-
try, are to be placed above the loyal white men,
or even the'colored men of this nation? If
they are, I, for one, protest against it. I want
the sense of the Senate upon this question,
whether the loyalmen of the South are to be
recognized; and if so, let us get a vote upon
this bill and decide it.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to say in reply to the
Senator from Michigan, that if the law be just
as he states, which he knows I do not agree to
by any manner of means, the objectof this bill
is to effect just what he admits ought to be
effected. Re says he has no doubt that there
are many cases occurring in those States where
a Union man ought to be paid for the loss he
sustained. The object of this bill is to authorize
the Quartermaster General and the Commis-
sary General to investigate these oases and to
report. Each case will be before us with the
evidence which substantiates it, and we can
then vote to pay or not to pay as we choose.
ThoVlCB PRESIDENT. The question is
on the «iotit(j to recommit with instructions.
The n^otion was not agreed to, there being,
on a division—-ayes 12, noes 27.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] which will be re-
ported.
# Mr. RICE. Mr. President 
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think this bill ought to
be passed over, for the reason that it is im
possible to get a copy of it. The bill as printed
has been exhausted; it seems to be in very
great demand, and I think it is necessary that
Senators ^ should have copies of the bill to
examine it before they proceed with its con-
sideration. I move on that ground that it be
passed over.
Mr. RICE. Twas about to mak.e the remark
that this matter had been under discussion for
over a year j that the chances are that every
Senator understands the question, and that by
voting down the amendment of the Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Williams] we shall be
ready to pass the bill without further debate.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the pending amendment of the
Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams.]
^ The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert:
Provided, That this act snail bo construed to pro-
vide only for the examination of said claims, and
not to create any obligation on the part of the Gov-
ernment lor their payment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to pass the bill
over. 1 want a chance to look at it. There is
not a copy to be obtained.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
pass over is not debatable.
' ' -Mr. HOWE, I rise to a question of order.
The Senate has just divided upon that very
question. Is the motion in, order again ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There has been
debate since that time; there has been a mo-
tion to recommit with instructions, and the
vote taken by sound, and afterward taken by
division.
Mr. HOWE. Well, I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion to pass over.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays27 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Carpenter, Chandler,
Colo, Edmunds, Ferry, Hamilton of Texas. Harlan,
Howard, Howell, Sherman, Sumner, Trumbull, and
Williams—1*.
NAYS-Messrs. Boreman, Casserly, Davii, Fowler,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harris.
Howe,.Kellogg, McOreery, McDonald, Osborn, Pratt,
Iiice, Robertson, lloss, Salisbury, behurz, Scotl,
Spencer. Stockton, Tburman, Tipton, Vickers, War-
ner, and Willey—27.
AB8ENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron. Catloll, Conltling, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Drake, Fenton, Elanaeran, Johnston,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, IUm-
§£Y; Revels, Sawyer. Sprague, Stewart, Thayer,
Wilson, and Yates—31.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon, which has been read.
Mr. WARNER. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. It simply renders the
whole matter nugatory, and makes the bill
rather a farce and an insult than holding out
any opportunity Cor relief. To propose ail in-
vestigation, and then say beforehand that what-
ever amount may be found due Congress does
not propose to pay, would bo a very singular
species of legislation.
Mr. IiOWE. I do not think there is any
objection to the amendment. I think it is
superfluous, as the Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Kellogg] suggests. It simply says that
this bill does not create any liability. We do
not mean to have it create any liability, but to
ascertain what the liability is, if any.
Mr. WARNER. That is very clear on the
face of the bill. We understand that the bill
itself does not create a liability on the part of
the Government; but to put in an express dis-
claimer of that sort, I think, will be very justly
understood as saying that the bill does not
mean anything.
Mr. COLE. In my opinion it will work-
positive injury, if there is apparently no obli-
gation involved in this there will be less scru-
tiny of the demands; but if it is understood that
the Government is to be liable to pay every
dollar of indebtedness thus found I presume
those who Jiave the auditing or investigation
of the claims will look at them with a great
deal more care.
Air. KELLOGG. I submit that it is super-
fluous, and it certainly has (he appearance of
giving a denial to all obligation. I ask the
Senate to rejoct this amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, it is pre-
tended here that the object of this bill is simply
to ascertain the extent and amount of these
claims, and not to provide in any way for their
payment; but when it is proposed to put the
professed meaning and purpose of this bill in
language that cannot be misunderstood into
the bill, then objection is made. Kow, sir, if
the sole object of this bill be to institute an
examination of these claims, this amendment
ought to be adopted, and everybody will then
understand what is the purpose and effect of
this legislation ; but if there be no provision of
this kind in the bill the implication will arise
that the Government has undertaken to pay :
these claims; otherwise, their examination 1
would not be ordered, and the argument will
be, whenever this examination is made and
these claims are reported to Congress, that Con-
gress has affirmed its liability to pay the claims,
or rccogmzed its liability to pay them bv order-
ing their examination.
It is said that this looks like paying these
claims giudgmgly. So lar as 1 a in concerned
I am opposed to any effort of this kind to pay
generally the people of the southern States for
the losses which they sustained in consequence
of the rebellion; and I predict now, if I do not
mistake the signs of the times, that this legis-
lation, and other legislation of a similar nature,
is leading us along step by step until this Gov-
ernment will be made to pay for the losses of
this war in the States that were in rebellion.
Mr. HOWELL. On both sides.
Mr. WILLIAMS. All the losses that have
been incurred in consequence of the war. It
is the first step that is the fatal step in that
direction. Where there is an individual claim
of this nature by some person who claims to
bo a loyal citizen in the southern States that
claim may be considered and examined. I do
not admit that there is any obligation upon the
Government to pay any such claim at all; and
I maintain that the doctrine can be supported
by the best authorities on this subject. But to
provide generally in this way by this bill for
the payment of all commissary and quarter-
masters' stores that were taken by our armies
in the southern States is to open the door to
enable these people to put their hands into the
Treasury and to exhaust the Treasury and
bankrupt the Government, because it is a fact
that we all know, whatever we may pretend
about this subject, our experience demonstrates
the fact that it will not be a difficult thing for
any of these persons to establish such a loyalty
as is prescribed in this bill.
If the object bo to institute an examination,
then let the bill so provide; and this amend-
ment that I have proposed simply declares
what is the purpose of the bill, that it author-
izes the Quartermaster and the Commissary
General to examine these claims and report
them to Congress, and that when they come
here, on that report Congress shall not feel
under any obligation by what it has done to pay
the claims, but may take them up and examine
thom upon their merits, and determine whether
or not they ought to be paid. I think that the
friends of this bill ought to agree to that prop-
osition. There is nothing in it that is objec-
tionable if the bill be such as it is represented
to be by those who 'support it.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I am of
opinion that this bill is intended, of course, as
an entering-wedge for the purpose of enabling
us to get pay for all the quartermaster and
commissary stores that were taken and used
by the Army, at any rate from loyal persons.
Beyond that I do not wish to go, and do not
expect to go. I think it fair that the whole
question should be thoroughly understood.
There is but little in the bill as it stands at
the present time that will prove of any advan-
tage to the southern Unionists ; but still it will
be a pledge on the part of the Governmentthat
it will pay them for the quartermaster stores
and commissary stores that were taken and used
by the Army. It will be of so much good atany
rate. I agree that war is a destructive element,
and its influences strike the innocent as well as
the guilty. It is, perhaps, beyond the power of
any individual or any Government to provide
wholly for the injuries that have been done to
the innoccnt; but still it is certainly the object
of our Government and of our civilization to
mitigate the asperities of war as far as is possi-
ble. Atany rate, itis the purpose of our Gov-
ernment to show a disposition to mitigate the
injuries that have fallen on its friends.
1 should regard it as little better than the
act of a highwayman for it to take the prop-
erty of its friends and use it, and then, in the
face of the fundamental law of the land, wholly
to refuse to pay a dollar to those persons who
have suffered, not only from the operations of
the war itself, but worse thau all that, have
suffered from the neglect, of the Government
in permitting them to be overrun and their
fortunes wrecked and ruined by thoso who
rebelled against the Government. When they
pledged their loyalty to the Government of the
Untied !bta.Uis it was vvii.h a tii^uuet uikK'I*
