302
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 19,
Senate",
State of Georgia—Mr. Fowler.
41st Cong.,.. 2d Sess.
of the Army In 1865. Civil law has been in fall force;
no violations of law that have not been promptly
punished. Captain Champion was first Sheriff after
the war; Captain Norwood since Champion's time.
Norwood is a Republican, a-good offioer, and was
reelected the other day for two years longer. You
ask, " How many outrages have been perpetrated
sinoe the August election?" I answer, one and the
only one, and that by an ex-Federal soldier upon an
ex-rebel soldier, six or seven miles from this place.
Armstrong, who was a member of the fourth Ten-
nessee cavalry, United States Army, shot and killed
Jackson, who was a lieutenant in tho rebel army,
while the latter was tied on a horse as a prisoner.
You ask, "Aro Union men and colored men safe in
your county?" X answer, perfectly safe. Colored
men enjoy the same privileges as the white, and not
.one single instance can bo shown where a colored
'man or his family has been troated other than the
law allowed in this county. No violence has been
attempted or allowed, and a colored man has the
same rights in oar courts that tho white man hfi.%
find his rights are respected and acknowledged.
Union men are as safe hero as in any city of the
North.
\Vo want no military; wo need none. Tho men
who are attempting this outrage upon the people
are po itioal gamblers.  ,
I am, sir, your friend. D. M. N&LSON,
Hon. JoSErn S. Fowlek, Waaftintrlon, D. G.
We concur in thestatomont of Colonel Nelson and
indorse it as true.
JAMES J. ICELLEY,
HENRY JOSEPH,
A. C. JOSEPH,
G. II. LOW,
D. <}. ROBERTSON,
DOCK RUTHERFORD,
0. T. ANDERSON,
J. C. MORGAN,
JAMES W. ttOSS,*
ED. BURGESS,
M. R. CARSON.
Tho above were all offlcors ancl soldiers in the
Union Army.
I hereby concur.
Tt. M: EDWARDS,
Late Colonel Fourth Tennessee Cavalry.
I indorso tho within statement as true,
THOMAS D. (iALLOWAY.f
ax. w. leog.t
AsburyB. Connor, sheriff of Hamilton county, duly
sworn, says:
Knowsof nocombinat.ion knownasKuklux Klans.
No obstruction to Jaw, Knows of no murderin twelve
months. Knows of no outrage on Union mon or ne-
groes on account of political opinions. AH live in
enjoyment of they' rights without insult or oppres-
sion. No difficulty in executing legal processes. No
need of military aid.
Certified by , J. W. JAMES,
Olork and Matter Chancery (hurt
at ChaUanoQoat Tennessee,
W. W. MeCarly, sheriff of Hardeman county, sworn
before 0. H.Andorson, justioe of tho peace, says:
Knows of no combination known as Kukhix Klan.
No obstruction to law, and no outrages on Union
oitissens arid nosrrocs by such organization. No mur-
der in county in last six months. Knows of no out-
rage, or persons being whipped on account of polit-
ical opinions. Union mon and negroes aro permitted
to enjoy thoir rights without insult or oppression.
No difiicully in executing processes. No military aid
needed.
J. M. Henderson, of MoMinn county, says:
There ba« been no secret politicalassociationsinco
thewar. NoKukluxKlanss. No obstruction to exe-
cution of law. No outrages upon Union citizens and
negroes. Two white men, both formerly rebels, have
been killed in the last six months; both of these in
personal private quarrels. No Union man ornegro
abused or whipped. No outrages committed. Union
men andnegroes live in theenjoymentof theirrights
without molestation. Legal processes can bo exe-
cuted without the aid of militia or Federal troops.
No obstruction to the execution of tho law.
The above is fully certified and indorsed by—
J. A. GOULDY, Sheriff.
J. S. GARRISON, Deputy Sheriff.
T. W. BROCK, Deputy Sheriff*
A. BLIZARD,
LEON BLIZARD,
JOHN F. SLOVEfc,
DAVID CLEAGIS,
A. C. ROBISON.
C. C. Spears, sheriff of Hawkins county, Tennesseo,
sworn before J. R. Armstrong, clerk of said county,
says:
There are no combinations known as Kuklux
Klans in the county. No obstruction to the execu-
tionof thelawsof the State or United States. Knows
of no outrages committed upon Union citizens or
negroes for more than six months. Knows of no
*Who lost a leg fighting Forrest at Pulaski.
fBoth consistent Union men.
murders save one, and that of a personal and private
character. Knows of no person being.whipped or
abused savo one, who was Or negro whipped by his
own rjj.ee for cruelty to his wife.^ Knows of# no. out-
rages on account of political opinions. Union men
and negroes are permitted to live in enjoyment of
their rights without molestation. Can execute legal
Srocesses without aid of militia or Federal troops.
'o necessity for either to preserve peace and the
dignity of the State. '
Knows the above to bo facts, and is indorsed by—
Lieutenant JOHN J. WOLF,
Major J. W. BERRY,
Major W. W. WILLIS,
Hon. A. A. KYLE,
N. C. KYLE,
W. P. BLLEisr WATERS,
H. S. ROGERS,
W. R. PEARSON.
Hon. JOHN NETHERLAND.
All of tho abovo persons entitled to the highest
credibility.
John Baker, sheriff of Hickman county,
Tennessee, acknowledged before E. Walker,
judge twelfth judicial circuit, says:
"He has executed processes in diiferent parts of
county, and has never met with resistance or been
threatened in discharge of duties. No military aid
is required. Loyal men, white or blaok, are as safe
and proteotod in life, liberty, and property in said
county as in any Stateor county in theUnited States.
Has never known thelaws more respected and obeyed,
faithfully administered, and the people more peace-
able than at tho present time. No one need fear
molestation on account of political opinions. The
sentiment of the whole people is, 'Let us have
peace.'"
Judge E. Walker, twelfth judicial circuit,
corroborates the above statement, and certifies
ttf its correctness and truthfulness, and states
that to be the condition throughout his circuit.
To this list I might add the affidavits of the
sheriff, .D. J. Martin, of Franklin county; of
Thomas Finch, ajustice ofthe peaceofthe same
county; Thomas M. Pryor, justice ofthe peace;
James T. Enochs, deputy clerk of the county
court, and Thomas J. Jackson, clerk of circuit
court, all to the same effect as the foregoing.
TheaffidavitsofMosesM. Box and E. W.Cooley,
sheriff and deputy sheriff of Humphrey county,
give substantially the same statement. The
affidavit of J. E. Vincent, sheriff of Weakley
county, gives the same, as also those of the
present, and late sheriffs of Maury county.
Alfred Bryant, of Carroll county, swears to the
facts of the outrage in that county, shows that
it was not political, that the laws can be exe-
cuted without any difficulty, and that peace and
the enjoyment of equal rights to all are pro-
tected. A remonstrance from many citizens
in White county affirm the tranquillity and good
order of the county.
1 might add the testimony of nearly every
judge in the State, and the sheriffs of the coun-
ties of Middle and West Tennessee, much of
which is in my hands, and some of which I
have inserted. 1 have endeavored to inform
myself from these sources. They are not rebel,
but Republican, and many of them Federal sol-
diers. From all the information I have I am
satisfied that there is no such order as the
Kuklux or ils equivalent now in Tennessee ;
that our crimes are not of a party character,
but personal and inseparable from the vices
common to all peoples: that the law can be
executed without any difficulty by the officers
of the peace without the aid of the military
power; that the State was never in a more
peaceable condition than at present. I would
by no means desire to keep back anything that
would illuminate this question. Having said
what I deemed my duty, I return now to the
question before the Senate.
Believing as I do that we have not the power
in the case of Georgia to impose a dead Legis-
lature upon ail unwilling people I must oppose
it. And again, that if there did exist such a
power, wrested by strained and doubtful con-
struction, it would be unwise in the present
case to exercise it, as this is not such an occa-
sion as demands so gross-'a departure from the
principles of democratic government as under-
stood by the American people.
The remedy for the evils in Georgia is to
be found in the silent but ever-active influence
of education, enterprise in the cultivation and
advancement of her material interests ; a full,
liberal, just recognition of the rights guarantied
by our Government and enjoyed by the people
in the past.
- The southern people enjoyed the freest gov-
ernment in the world; they have for ages lived
almost exempt from the restraints of govern-
ment, and have no idea of justice or govern-
ment save those connected with the ballot and
the right to hold office. The complete restor-
ation of all these privileges to the whole peo-
ple is the sole and sovereign remedy for all
their social and political evils.
I have seen the restrictive principle tested to
the bitter end in Tennessee, and have found
it fraught with mischief, corruption, political
demoralization, despotic authority rudely and
indecently exercised ; discontent, resentment,
hatred, and assassination. These have been
the sad fruits of oppression, as they were after
the conquest of the English by the Normans,
which led to the tyrannical laws which were
removed only by the restoration of Saxon rule.
No sooner was there a prospect of a return to
equal rights than the evils began to disappear
like bats at the dawn of day. I am entirely
satisfied if the country could understand the
influence of the return of republican govern-
ment in Tennessee that they would be far bet-
ter satisfied than ever of its inestimable value
and capacity to guard the rights and interests
of the people. The lesson taught by the re-
strictive system enforced by military power
is one not to be forgotten or disregarded. It
provestliatwbren authority has to be maintained
by State militia there is neither merit nor
decency in it. The American people demand
refinement and the liberal reign of ideas. They
will respect no other, and no power can force
obedience to any other. The sending by arbi-
trary enactment a Governor who would return,
the conqueror, to enforce upon an unwilling
people a Legislature contrary to the express
letter of their fundamental law and the genius
of republican government would draw forth
nothing but bitter and unrelenting hatred. It
would turn' the State into a political hell that
would consume every germ of returning peace
and fraternal love.
I have a deep and earnest regard for the
peace and prosperity of that devoted and sadly
mutilated section of the Republic, and hold
the safety and parity of our free institutions,
the liberty and tranquillity of the people above
all party, all earthly considerations. I would
gladly do anything consistent with my convic-
tions of duty to restore harmony to both par-
ties and to protect the humblest citizeii from
outrage. I know perpetual menace and the
sword will only augment the evils and feed
the flames of civil discord. Nothing but a
generous confidence and manly courage can
breakdown the fears, resentments, and distrust
that a demoralizing and terrible war has be-
queathed to thaWsection.
If a criminal code of laws is adopted to be
administered by a Federal judiciary and en-
forced by Federal marshals, aided by the Federal
Army, local self-government is at an end.
Apply this system to one half of this Union
and it will soon cover the whole. This idea
must be abandoned if free government is to be
maintained. The other alternative embraced
in the proposition of the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Drake] is the surrender not only of local
self-government, but justice and sound public
policy to the military arm. of the Government,
already beginning to overshadow the liberties
of the country. I cannot consent to favor a
system that will render our recently acquired
freedom more onerous and oppressive than oar
recently discarded slavery. Is it wise, on so
great a question, to take counsel from our fears
