5092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
needed, as tke tax on income is not needed.
I believe that the estimates presented by the
committee are too high; that is the estimates
of our liabilities, of what we shall pay, as com-
pared with our resources. Their estimates of
our resources are too low, and their other esti-
mates too high. I therefore go forward fear-
lessly, and apply the knife to this tax.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I have not sympathized with
this outcry for the reduction of taxes at all. I
am sorry we have taken so long a step in that
direction as we have ; but that is agreed upon.
1 have struggled against the repeal of the tax
upon income; I have been overruled. I can-
not see any principle of justice which will tol-
erate taxing gross receipts when net income is
refused to be taxed, and therefore I shall vote
against the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Bayard. Boreman, Cas-
serly, Corbett, Edmunds, Fenton, Fowler, Gilbert,
Iiarlan, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Nye, Pratt, Ramsey, Schurz, Scott,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Thayer, Warner, and
NAYS —Messrs. Camcion, Cole. Cragin, Davis,
Drake, Hamilton of Maryland, JIamlin, Harris,
IIowc, Howell, Kellogg, McCroery, Osborn, Patter-
son, Pomeroy, Robertson, Ross, Spencer, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull, Viekers, Williams,
and Wilson—25. ,
ABSENT —Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brown low,
Buckingham. Carpenter, Cattell, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Howard,
Johnston, Morton, Norton, Pool, Revels, Rico, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Tipton, and Yates—22.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate struck out the pro-
visions containing the income tax.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The ques-
tion now before the Senate is on concurring in
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, on page 39.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know that; but a mo-
tion to reconsider, when there is no other ques-
tion pending 
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my friend to allow
the vote to be taken on the sugar lax first.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. I will con-
sider the motion to reconsider pending, to be
taken up at the proper time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask if there ai£ any
other amendments made as in Committee of
the whole not yet acted upon ?
Mr. EDMONDS. Yes, nickel.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind Senators that this amendment has
not been concurred in. The amendment to
the amendment was rejected. The question
now recurs on the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now propose to amend
the bill by inserting, in place of the item struck
out in relation to sugar, the precise amend-
ment which was prepared by the Committee
on Finance itself.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that motion is put,
I think it would be more in order to take the
vote on the amendments reserved.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was only seeking to fol-
low the Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe there is one
question yet about nickel.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands there are two other amendments
which were excepted, and have not yet been
concurred in by the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let them be taken in
their order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the next reserved
amendment, which was in section forty-seven,
on page 99, to insert:
On nickel, twenty-five cents per pound.
On nickel oxide, and alloy of nickel with copper,
fifteen cents a pound.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to amend that amend-
ment by inserting thirty-five where twenty-five
occurs, and twenty-five where fifteen occurs.
I do not desire to repeat anything I said
when the subject of the duty on nickel was
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole; but I deem it a duty to move this
amendment, because the life of this interest,
as I am assured, depends on it. The nickel-
works which have heretofore supplied our own
Mint with this material suspended- operations
early last fall. I have entirely reliable inform-
ation that the duty now proposed, twenty-five
cents per pound, will not enable them to resume
operations. The amendment which I propose
is the very least figure that will enable them to
resume operations.
It may be said that this is the only estab-
lishment in the United States, and therefore
it ought not to have protection. I call atten-
tion to the fact that I am informed, and I
believe correctly, that there is but one estab-
lishment in the United States which manu-
factures the bunting which floats in the flag,
and that has, upon special petition, received
sufficient protection to enable it to get along.
This being the only one which furnishes the
nickel upon which the dies of the Government
stamp its impress in our own Mint, I ask
that it may be permitted to live, especially as
it contributes largely to other industries. I
hope this amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to extend the time for a recess for fifteen min-
utes, with a view of getting a vote.
Mr. RAMSEY and others. Oh, no.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection?
Mr. RAMSEY. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour
having arrived atwhichthe Senate was to take
a recess, it now takes a recess until half past
seven o'clock.
EVENINQ SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. in.
MESSAGE jb'ltOU THIS HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House insisted on its amend-
ment disagreed to by the Senate to the bill (S.
No. 893) to establish an additional land dis-
trict in the State of Kansas, agreed to the con-
ference asked by the Senate on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Geokge W. Julian of Indiana,
Mr. Sidney Clarke of Kansas, and Mr. James
R. McCorjiick of Missouri, managers at the
same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
noil-concurred in the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 1828) making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending Juno
30, 1871; and asked for a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Fernando C. Beaman
of Michigan, Mr. Henry L. Dawes of Massa-
chusetts, and Mr. Leonard Myers of Pennsyl-
vania, managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House non-concurred in the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. II. No. 2275) to provide
for the paving of Pennsylvania avenue, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Burton C. Cook of Illinois, Mr. Fernando
Wood of New York, and Mr. Martin Wal-
ker of Ohio, managers at the same on ita
part.
The message likewise announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendment of the
Senate to -the joint resolution (H. R. No. 109)
amendatory of joint resolution for the relief
of certain officers of the Army, approved
July 26, 1866, asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Joel F. Asper of Mis-
souri, Mr. John A. Logan of Illinois, and Mr.
George W. Morgan of Ohio, managers at
the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
non-concurred in the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 1633) to simplify the
conveyance of real estate in the District of
Columbia, asked a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses theron, and had
appointed Mr. Burton C. Cook of Illinois,
Mr. Michael C. Kerr of Indiana, and Mr.
William H. Upson of Ohio, managers at the
same on its "part.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 936) to provide
for the compensation of grand and petit jurors
in the circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States, and for other purposes, asked a
conference on the disagreeing votes- of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Ulysses Hercur of Pennsylvania, Mr. John
Coburn of Indiana, and Mr. Philadelph Van
Thump of Ohio, managers at the same on its
part.
tax bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2045) to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes, the question being on the
amendment of Mr. Scott to the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole to the
provision relative to the duty on nickel.
Mr. BOREMAN. The chairman of the com-
mittee is not here, and the Senate is very thin,
and probably it might be better to go on with
something else for a little while.
Mr. SCOTT. 1" think there will be no oppo-
sition to my amendment. '
Mr. TRIJMBULL. Let it be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, inserted in section forty-
seven, on page 99:
On nickel, twenty-five cents per pound.
On nickel oxide, and alloy of nickel with copper,
fifteen cents per pound.
It is proposed to amend the amendment
by striking out "twenty-five" and inserting
'■ thirty-five," and by striking out "fifteen"
and inserting "twenty-five."
Mr. BAYARD. I observe no other member
of the Committee on Finance present besides
myself; and I will state to the Senate that it
was after a very full hearing and consideration,
and I may say a very favorable hearing on the
part of the committee, as will be attested by
my colleague on the committee who has just
taken his seat, the honorable Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] that this rate of
duty was fired as a very fair and equitable
protection to the single manufacturer of this
commodity in the United States.
The question is, how far the Government of
the United States is bound to support any
experiment which any person may choose to
make in the production of any special com-
modity. It is perfectly plain that there is no
just reason for supporting every chimerical
undertaking which may be tried and by expe-
rience be found wanting. This particular
article had, beyond all doubt, a very unusual
aid introduced in its behalf when part of the
coinage of this country was determined to be
made of this particular metal. It was a very
great advantage when the nickel coinage was
introduced, and, as I am informed, mainly
through the endeavors of the friends of this
particular enterprise, to aid it in having it
represented in the coinage system of our coun-
try. The circular letter of the manufacturer
