1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr
the outlay now required for duties would in-
duce persons to embark in this business, unless
they meant in good faith to seek to enter upon
this experiment for the purpose of cotopeting
in foreign markets with British spinners.
Mr. Chairman, we have heard a good deal
said here within the last few days about pig
iron and wool. I am, I trust, duly sensible
of the importance of both these interests; but
I wish to submit a few figures respecting the
magnitude of the cotton interest. Its growth
is our staple industry in the South, but its man-
ufacture and distribution give employment in
nearly every State in the Union. In 1860 we
produced 2,155,000,000pounds of cotton, worth
at 12 cents a pound $258,600,000. The wool
product of that year was 60,250,000 pounds,
worth at 50 cents a pound $30,125,000; 35
pounds of cotton to one of wool, and the value
in the proportion of 8 to 1.
We have no data of the capital employed in
the cultivation, but its manufacture employed
very nearly $100,000,000—three times the
amount invested in the manufacture of wool,
and nearly 10 per cent, of the whole manu-
facturing capital of the country. A million
men were engaged in its cultivation, and many
women and children. One hundred and twenty-
two thousand persons were employed in its
manufacture—three times as many as in the
woolen manufacture, and 0 per cent, of the
whole number of manufacturing operatives in
the country. My authority says that when to
these are added the immense number of per-
sons who find employment in the purchase and
sale,"and in the transportation by land and by
sea of the raw material and the manufactured
product, with those who are engaged in provid-
ing food and clothing and otherwise minister-
ing to the necessities of all these laborers, it
will be seen that a large share of our popula-
tion is directly or indirectly dependent upon
cotton for their support.
Cotton goods were manufactured to nine
times the quantity of woolen goods, exceeding
the woolens in value 87 percent., while our
exports of cotton were 54J per cent, of the
whole exports of the country.
We have fallen off in this article of export.
Will you not aid us in our efforts to restore to
our country the advantages lost during the war?
Mr. Chairman, I urge the proposed measure
with greater warmth of feeling and earnestness
from the fact that it does not strike down the
interests of any other section ; it assaults the
rights of no community, it assails the industries
of no class. In opening up this source of vast
national wealth we do not propose to do it at
the expense of the people of other States. The
South does not ask to increase her prosperity
by impoverishing other sections. There was
a time when she pressed her interests in the
direction of free trade with a view of shutting '
up the numberless manufactories of the North
and East, driving men and capital into agri-
culture that food and clothing for slaves might
be so cheap as to enable her to control the
cotton and sugar markets of the world and
grow wealthy at the expense of other sections
of our common country. But the extinction
of slavery has put an end to this and changed
the policy of the South. She no longer seeks
to repress home manufacture. She no longer
has slaves to be fed and clothed at lower rates
by driving men into agriculture, thus multi-
plying the growth and diminishing the price
of provisions. She seeks, on the contrary, to
build up a magnificent system of internal
improvements of her own. She slands but
upon the threshold of this great enterprise,
but sees the elements of manufacturing aiid
commercial power and wealth in her rude Hnd
undeveloped resources. In starting this great
work we ask such assistance as the General
Government has always shown to new enter-
prises of a similar character, and of like mag-
nitude and importance.
Sir, in undertaking this great work we Khali
uot impair the cotton raanufeetnrSes of th*_
New England and middle States in the least.
We do not propose to manufacture fabrics.
Wo could not do this if we would. We neither
have the capital nor the skilled laborers for
such an enterprise. "We simply propose to do
what is within our power to do; that is, to
simply spin the cotton and export the yarn to
foreign countries for manufacture into fabrics.
Spinning is the first and simplest process, and
can be done with less experienced operatives.
The more complex manufacture can be done
at less cost in the more thickly-populated dis-
tricts of the United States-, where the skilled
labor necessary is more plenty. But the pro-
cess of spinning can be entered upon at once
among us. For this simpler process We have
an abundance of operatives without taking
from the field one laborer engaged in the pro-
duction of cotton. There are thousands, if
not hundreds of thousands of people at the
South, known before the war as non-slave-
holders, whose moral energies have been re-
pressed and who have been held in ignorance
and poverty by the grasping power of slavery.
Many of this class will cheerfully seek employ-
ment in these new enterprises, where the re-
wards of skilled labor will enable them in
future to educate their children and rise iu the
scale of wealth and prosperity. William Gregg,
esq., estimated this population in the State of
South Carolina, in 1851, to be 125,000, wholly
unproductive to the State, wholly neglected,
and their children permitted to grow up with-
out moral or mental instruction of any kind.
Bearing upon this point, I am happy to be
able to ask the attention of the committee to
an instructive letter of Hon. Benjamin H.
Micou, president of the Tallassee Manufac-
turing Company, a practical cotton-spinner of
my own State :
DeaeSik: Seventeen year.;' experience in thorban-
ufucturo oi cotton in the State of Alabama, enables
me to answer fully your inquiries about labor, &e.,
m our State. ,.„■>• ,
Wo employ our labor principally in taimhes, giv-
ing the widow with children from 8 years to 18 years
the preference. We supply separate cottages to each
family, freo of rent, the -widow taking earc of the
house while the children work in the factory.
Wo keep up in our village churches of different
denominations,Sunday-schools, and day-schools, ana
look closely to the morals of our operatives.
Oar operatives are all white people of our own
State. There is afall supply of operative labor always
glad to find employment in our cotton factories, ihe
labor omployed in the cotton factory, especially the
spinning mills, does not detract from the avauablo
labor in the cotton-fields, butis surplus labor not now
profitably employed. Tho same system as above is
pursued in all the cotton factories of our State and
the South.
Yours, very respectfully, 0
President Tallage Manufacturing Company.
Hon. C. \V. Buckley.
With equal pleasure I invite the attention of
the committee to the following extracts from
the very able report of lion. J. C. Keffer,
commissioner of industrial resources of the
State of Alabama, for the year 1869, to the
Governor of my State.
The commissioner says:
"In our State are not less than 100,000 widows and
orphans, who are now producing little or nothing
toward their own support. If they are not positively
burdensome to the Commonwealth, they at least con-
tribute nothing toward its growth and maintenance.
Yet these people i>ro in no true sense paupers, and
■would gladly hail any opportunity afforded theru of
earning a living by honest toil.#
"Our cotton goes now m its lint state beyond our
border?, ond the processor: of its manufacture give
support to millions of just such people as those who
languish among us tor want of employment. #
"Weaving is a separate business troni spinning,
and requires More skilled labor. To spin, nowever,
is a very simple business, and may be taught to a
child in a lew months. One hundred hands, princi-
pally children from 12 to 18 years old, can spin into
No. 20 varn in one yea'- 2.000 bales ot cotton, which
it will reouirc the labor of 400 men to produce, xo
weave wtTll requires years of training^ We can com-
pete witliEngiiah spinners immediately ; it wiUtaKe
time to rival ihelr weavers in the great markets oi
the world."
But wo must not overlook tho tact, Mr.
Chairman, that hundreds and thousands of
colored women and girls are abandoning and
have abandoned the unnatural employment iu
1he cotton-field to which they wore driven by
the slave system. These will ke'eept employ-
ment in the lighter duties and til ore' appro-
priate labors of th'6 cotton factory, Wkefe bet-
ter wages will ireward th'eiir ihdustf^ ahii bpii'dr-
tunities will b'e afforded them to improve tfeir
condition in life.
Mr. 'Chairman, in thexiebat'estip'drt th^p&i'cl-
ing tariff bill much complaint has been made
by honof'able gentlemen representing the agri-
culturalSta'tesof the great West. They argue,
not without force and earnestness, that the pro-
posed tariff will repress the great agricultural
interests of the country. No such allegation
can be brohght against the enterprifee we advo-
cate. Its benefits are national. Its tendency
will be to encourage and not to repress the
prosperity ofthe West. Even now, when man-
ufacturing is in its infancy in the South, the
West sends us annually down her navigable
rivers at cheap rates vast quantities of corn*
flour, bacon, pork, and live stock. Who shall
estimate the amount of this trade with the West
when our unequaled water-power shall be
turned to account for manufacturing purposes,
as it will be at no distant day, if Congress shall
see fit to grant us the legislation asked for;
when we shall have thousands of furnaces in full
blast, turning the ores from the bowels of the
earth into richest marketable commodities, and
when our vast deposits of coal shall be used for
these and other purposes for which nature
intended them_, the South will then be dotted
over with flourishing manufacturing towns and
villages. When our miningand manufacturing
interests become partially developed, imported
white laborers will Find profitable employment
among us. Thousands of factory operatives
and miners must then find a support, and the
result will be vast home markets will be found
for western produce.
All that has been said on this floor in favor
of home markets applies with peculiar force in
this instance. Tho West, owing to her vast
number of navigable rivers, can send produce
to the southern States and the Gulf iar cheaper
than she can send the same to the sea-board.
Every consumer of the South, therefore, ben-
efits the West, and in our efforts we ask her
aid. The policy I have marked out will cause
vast wealth to flow into the lap of the South.
Her toiling millions will be benefited,_ because
it will increase the profits of their industry.
Her cotton culture will be stimulated, as^ an
improved home market will raise the price.
In this increased profit the laborer will share.
The land-owner will be benefited, because his
lands will increase in value. The nation will
be benefited, because the exchangeable exports
of the country will be increased by §200,000,000
without increasing the quantity or cost of pro-
duction.
Mr. WELKER. Mr. Chairman, in the con-
gressional and presidential contests of 1868
the Republican party promised if elected to so
control the affairs of the Government as to
retrench expenses and reform abuses in the
administration of public affairs. The people,
relying upon that pledge, and having faith _in
the honesty of that great party, gave it entire
control ofthe executive and legislative branches
of the Government on the 4th of March, 1869.
I propose in a few remarks to show how far,
in the year that has passed since the com-
mencement of President Grant's administra-
tion, these pledges have been kept and
redeemed.
j The public debt statement of March 1, 18k>,
makes an era in our history. It indieates the
result of a year's honest administration anu
determined effort to enforce the laws, collect
the revenues and apply theru to the laitntm
discharge of the public obligations.^ It snows
what may be done by continued vigilance
the same direction. If I were asked w wiat
particular respect the administration o r
dent Grant has been the greatest success X
should answer, in the
I propose briefly to show by faciS and. n„ares
that this is so.
