1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1317
nolds & Co., and 14 others, cigar manufacturers
and journeymen cigar-makers, asking that the
tariff rates "on imported cigars be restored. _
By Mr. HO All: The memorial of Frederick
A. Holden, for remuneration, &c.
' Also, the petition of Otis Hemmenway, of
Fraraingham, Massachusetts, for relief.
Also, the petition of C. C. Feltonand others,
c-idzens of BrookGeld, Massachusetts, praying
for an amendment to the Constitution so as to
extend the right of suffrage to women.
"Bv Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A
petition of members of the Suffolk district of
the Massachusetts Medical Society, praying
Congress to give relief from certain regulations
and orders affecting officers of the naval medi-
cal staff.
By Mr. KELSEY : A petition of citizens of
Seneca, Ontario county, New York, to restore
the duty of three dollars per pound and fifty
per cent, ad valorem on imported cigars.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of Dr.
John S. Thorn and 35 others, citizens of the
town of Washington, New York, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Philip Bennett and 24
others, citizens of Oswego village, New York,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Nicks & Hoffman and
13 others, citizens of Red Hook, New York,
cigar manufacturers, &c., for the restoration of
former duty on cigars, and protesting against
a reduction of existing duties on the same.
By Mr. McGREW: the petition of S. V. B.
Strider, of Harper's Ferry, West Virginia, for
compensation for property destroyed during
the war of the rebellion.
By Mr. MAYHAM: The petition of May
Hamilton, widow of John Hamilton, deceased,
praying for a pension.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of William
Silver, late deputy provost marshal thirteenth
district of Pennsylvania, praying to be reim-
bursed for money he advanced for the use and
benefit of the United States.
Also, a petition of 8 citizens of Coles Creek,
Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: The petition of
E. M. Pitman and 47 others, citizens of Cow
liun, Washington county, Ohio, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of W. H. H. Cool and 42
others, citizens of Bristol, Morgan county,
Ohio, for the same purpose.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of Bridget
Bradley, widow of Hugh Bradley, for a special
act for a pension.
By Mr. PACKARD: Petitions of citizens
of Pleasant Grove, Fulton county; Pleasant
Grove, Jasper county; and Orchard Grove,
Lake county, Indiana, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. PHELPS: A petition from 41 citi-
zens of Butler county, Pennsylvania, to abol-
ish the franking privilege.
Also, a similar petition from 44 citizens of
Alleghany county, Pennsylvania.
Also, a similar petition from 40 citizens of
Armstrong county, Pennsylvania.
By Mr. POLAND : The petitions of Elias
Lyman and others, citizens of Lemington, Ver-
mont, and of W. H. Willard and others, of
Wardsborough, Vermont, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. POMEROY: The petition of A. S.
Bacon and others, of Correctionville, Iowa,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. RICE: The petition of N. Shafer
and others, praying that the duty on cigars and
tobacco be restored to three dollars per pound
and fifty per cent, ad valorem.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of Theo-
doricH. Sorrells, of Bradley county, Arkansas,
•or the removal of political disability.
fBy Mr. SARGENT : The petition of citizens
Mendon, El Dorado county, California, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
u V §HANKS: The petition of Dennis
Hefig M 42 Mtleta; eitizetiii 6f D^eMiaid; RStt-
IN SENATE.
dolph county, Indiana, asking for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of O. H. P. Harmer, post-
master, and 65 others, citizens of Mills's Cor-
ners, Indiana, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of James Clark and 38
others, citizens of Root post office, Indiana,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of J. W. Snider and 74
others, of Indiana, for the same purpose.
By Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa: The petition of
John H. Tierney and 104 others, citizens of
Clinton, Iowa, asking for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of«William H. Fernold
and 76 others, citizens of Pleasant Valley, i
Scott county, Iowa, asking for the same.
By Mr. STILES: The petition of E. H.
Hamman and others, of Emmaus, Lehigh
county, Pennsylvania, asking a restoration of
tariff rates on imported cigars to three dollars
per pound and fifty per cent, ad valorem, &c.
By Mr. STRADER: The petition of M. j
Steinberg and 51 others, citizens of Cincin-
nati, Hamilton county, Ohio, praying that the
duty on cigars and tobacco may be restored.
By Mr. STRONG: Petitions of Wallace
Barnes and others, Noah Pomeroy and others,
and Samuel C. Bosworth and others, cigar
manufacturers, for increase of duty on cigars,
and protesting against a reduction of the same.
By Mr. SWANN: The petition of Merfield
& Kemper and 21 others, against the proposed
change of the duty on cigars.
Also, the petition of Martin Stuckert and 16
others, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of D. J. Waeshe and 4
others, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of William Welsh & Sons
and 510 others, on the same subject.
By Mr. W ASHBURN, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Samuel C. Wilder and others, of
Hadley, Massachusetts, against the reduction
of the duty on cigars. ;
By Mr. WHITTEMORE: Petitions from j
citizens of Anderson and Brookland, Texas,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Wednesday, February 16, 1870.
9
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. j
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the j
Senate a message from the President of the 1
United States, in reply to a resolution of the !
Senate of the 9th instant, in relation to the !
Central Branch Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany ; and also transmitting a copy of a letter
addressed to him on the 27th ultimo by the
Secretary of the Interior, containing all the
information in his possession touching the
action of any of the Departments on the claim
of that company to continue and extend its
road, and to receive in aid of the construc-
tion thereof lands and bonds from the United
States; which, on motion of Mr. Pomeroy, were
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, recommending
au appropriation of $63,203 05 to pay outstand-
ing indebtedness on account of the Indian ser-
vice at Fort Berthold Indian agency, Dakota
Territory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting ac-
counts of John E. Tappan for goods given to
Kiowa Indians for delivery of white captives
held by them in 1868 ; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of tUe Interior, recommending
ah bf $120;<MO t6 M itolicli^s 1
approved by General Harney on account of
the Indian service in the Sioux Indian district;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, recommending
that §8,966 90 be appropriated to pay a debt
due to S. E. Ward for goods issued to India,ns
at Fort Laramie by order of the Indian peace
commission ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, recommending
an appropriation to pay the balance due on
certain claims against the Indian department
that have been settled to the extent of the
funds on hand; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, recommending
an appropriation of $10,845 54 to pay an out-
standing indebtedness on account of the In-
dian service in Montana Territory ; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair also
presents a communication from the Treasurer
of the United States, transmitting the quarterly
accounts of receipts and expenditures of the
United States for the third and fourth quarters
of 1866 and the first and second quarters of
1867. It will be laid on the table. The doc-
ument is very bulky, and no order to print will
be made unless some Senator shall move to
print it.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of Kansas,
asking that the Indians in that State may be
removed therefrom to special reservations;
also that railroads may be given the right of
way through Indian lands; which were referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of Kansas, instructing their
Senators in Congress to vote for an appropri-
ation of $500,000 for a custom-house, post
office, &c., at Leavenworth; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of Kansas, remonstrating
against any further reduction of the Army, and
asking for increased protection on the frontier
against the Indians; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of Kansas, praying Congress
to pass the bill (S. No. 369) creating additional
land offices in that State ; which were referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of
James S. Rogers, of Columbia, county of Bra-
zoria, Texas, praying the removal of his polit-
ical disabilities; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am requested to present
resolutions passed unanimously by the Cham-
ber of Commerce of the city of Cincinnati,
stating that in their opinion the financial con-
dition of the country requires a revision of the
existing tariff with a view to realize the largest
revenue, and resolving also that the tariff bill
reported to the House of Representatives by
the Committee of Ways and Means does not
carry out the purposes proper for a tariff; that
it secures special privileges to a comparatively
small number, which is unjustly taken from tho
pockets of the many under the pretense of
protecting labor. I move that the resolutions
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN also presented a petition
of a large number of citizens of Ohio, asking
such amendment to the Constitution of the
United States as will acknowledge Almighty
God as the source of all authority and power
in citil government] Slid thfe LtiM J4&&B Chtist
