1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Northern Pacific Railway—Mr. Casserly.
Senate.
and our interests for arguments to sustain a
theory that can only exasperate opponents and
friends into open enmity ? Is it prudent? Is
it reasonable to invoke force in a contest where
hope and faith and justice alone can conquer?
Northern Pacific Railway.
SPEECH OF HON. E. CASSERLY,
of california,
In tiie Senate of the United States,
April 20 and 21, 1870.
Thojoint resolution (S.R. No. 121) authorizing the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company to issue its bonds
for the construction of its road, and to seoura tho
same by mortgage, being under consideration in the
Senate-
Mr. CASSERLY said:
Mr.President: TheamendmentoftheSen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] deserves to be
adopted. It provides that the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company, in consideration of the new
grants and powers bestowed upon it by the
measure now before us, in addition to the very
great privileges and possessions given by ex-
isting laws, shall at all times transport free
of charge the troops of the United States, with
their stores and munitions of war. It is a pro-
vision which will operate most upon those oc-
casions when our troops are moved upon the
railroad to suppress Indian disturbances by
which the road is menaced. In this, or in any
view, the amendment deserves the support of
every Senator who proposes at all to consider
the interests of the country whenever a railroad
company is before us asking great donations
of public land and extended privileges. It is
a provision which should have been in the
charter of every one of the railroad companies
which have had such donations and privileges.
That it was not in the charters of the great
roads between the Mississippi and the Pacific
ocean is a reproach upon the dominant party
in Congress which passed those charters, carry-
ing with them subsidiesinland and money more
munificent than ever were lavished by any Gov-
ernment in modern times upon a private com-
pany. No good reason can be given why this
clear right was not then secured to the Gov-
ernment.
In those days Senators of the majority had
at least this excuse, that they were acting in
profound ignorance of the whole subject-mat-
ter. They knew little or nothing of the nature
of the route of the great central line; still less,
if possible, of the cost of the construction ; and
they underrated entirely the amount of busi-
ness which was to spring up to support the
road while it was being built, and as soon as it
was completed. Congress was misled by the
persistent misrepresentations with which its
Halls were filled at that time. I do not say
intentional misrepresentations; it is not neces-
sary for my case that I should say so. I may
also concede that the great companies which
were here urging those memorable bills were
themselves nearly as much in the dark as_ was
Congress in regard to the main points which I
have just mentioned. It is also true that those
bills were swept through under the highest
pressure of civil war, when men hardly paused
at any measure which tended in any way to
bind together all parts of the Union, and es-
pecially the Atlantic sea-board in the Bast and
the Mississippi valley in the center, with the
Pacific coast in the far West.
All that is entirely changed now. Senators
now are well informed as to the nature of the
work to be undertaken by the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company. Senators know—they can-
not pretend any ignorance—thatfor the length
of it, it is the easiest road to build in the whole
world of railroads. Compared with any other
great railway, there is upon its line less.heavy
work, there are fewer broad rivers to be bridged,
fewer high summitsto be overcome, fewerwide
valleys or deep chasms to be spanned or filled.
Beyond this, and much more than this, its route
lies through a finer and more fertile country,
taken altogether, than i§ traversed by any other
railroad line of anything like the samelength in
the United States or on the globe. All this is
well understood. No one pretends to doubt it.
In all this debate no question has been made
of it by any friend of this measure. On the
other hand, our civil war is over; we have our
great central line of railway completed, and in
full operation across the continent; the fever
and the fears of the war are past, and there is
no longer the intense pressure for a Pacific
railroad as a military necessity.
In acting now we act with our eyes open and
in the full light of a wholly different situation.
How, then, is it that the Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Howard] who has charge of this
bill can gravely propose that because from
1861 to 18G4 Congress gave up whatever was
demanded by the railroads you, Senators,
shall continue the same extraordinary policy
now? Because in tho headlong rush of the
war you left with the railroads the right to
demand of the Government compensation for
carrying its soldiers, their supplies and muni-
tions of war, even in the defense of the roads
against attack from hostile Indians, the argu-
ment of the Senator is that you are to do the
same now amid profound peace; and that
otherwise you will improperly discriminate
between these transcontinental railways. As
if, sir, the changed circumstances did not of
themselves irresistibly command you to dis-
criminate !
I cannot imagine an argument so bare of
merit or justice. You know that tho country
is struggling with a burden of taxation which
every man in the land feels, from tho richest
to the poorest, and which the richest most
largely escape and the poorest most largely
bear. Yet in the same act by which you
enlarge the immense grants of land and priv-
ileges already made to this company you pro-
pose to leave to it the right to demand from
the Government of the United States hundreds
of thousands of dollars per annum for the trans-
portation of its soldiers, their munitions and
supplies, to protect the road from destruction.
Nay, more, you propose the same thing in the
event of a war threatened or existing with any
foreign Power, and to add that to all the other
heavy burdens of such a period.
What it is said you did in ignorance you pro-
pose to repeat in knowledge. If you could
have been held free from blame for what you
did then because you knew no better, you can-
not escape condemnation for what you propose
to do now when you know it is without neces-
sity or excuse.
I listened to the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Howell] when he undertook to correct and
deny with some warmth the declaration of the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] that the
entire railroad policy of which this bill is a
striking part is in all its features a Republican
policy. The votes since had, the uniformity
with which every amendment to guard the
rights of the people and theinterests of the Gov-
ernment has been rejected, musthave satisfied
the Senator from Iowa of his error. The Sen-
ator from Michigan was right. If the Senate
is Republican the policy is Republican, and
this measure is a Republican measure in all
its enormity. It will be so regarded, and
rightly regarded, by the country. The most
decided opponent of the Republican party in
this Chamber and elsewhere could not desire
for that party a more assailable position. _As
a question before the country I am not unwill-
ing that they shall take such a position.
Mr. CORBETT. We can take it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hear aSenatordeclare
that they can take it. Very good, sir. The
future will show whether they canaffordtotake
it. The Senator may be able to speak for his
party. He certainly is for himself: He, too,
like the Senator from Michigan, avo,ws this
to be a Republican measure; They ought to
know, and the majority here should know,
which has steadily sustained this measure thus
far against all amendment.
All this justifies me in discussing somewhat
that view of the measure. I should not other-
wise have done so. For the sake of the country
it is better that a bad measure should fail than
that it should pass though to the detriment of
the party which controls Congress.
Every such measure as this inevitably be-
comes, when an issue is made upon it, a Re-
publican measure. Since I have been here I
have observed the course of the political ma-
jority of this body in relation to grants of this
kind, and indeed in relation to every measure,
when, in any aspect of it the aggregated money
power of the country in any one of its many
forms, was or might be on the one side, and
the rights of the people on the other. Almost
invariably, as if in obedience to some control-
ling law, the action of the political majority
has been on one and the same side, and that
side not the side of the people.
By and by all this will come to be fully under
stood, if it is not now, among the people at-
large. Then it will be for that party now and
so long dominant in the Government which has
taken upon itself the load of such a policy, to
carry it if it can. Then I look to see the party
to which I belong, still faithful to its old tradi-
tions and honorable history as the child and
champion of the people, rise to the height of its
mission to deal with the great issues of the
present; and, renewing itsyouth again as of old,
move with resistless power in the cause of the
many against the few, and against consolidated
power in all its countless forms. Then will it
cope with and overthrow the party miscalled
Republican, which, day by day, and more and
more with each succeeding monstrous measure
it brings forth, proves itself to be not in any
sense the party of the people, but the party of
those who would oppress the people in the
interests of privilege and monopoly ; a party
which in the name of humanity exhausts it all
in one direction and looks with cold and un-
friendly eye upon the masses, whether of the
Old World or the New, against whom it bars
the entry upon the public domain, while it
bestows it in principalities of millions and mil-
lions of acres to be held by railroad corpora-
tions in mortmain for the lifetime of more
thaika generation of men.
[At this point Mr. Casserly gave way for a
motion to adjourn. After a general conver-
sational debate of some length, the motion was
not agreed to.]
Mr. CASSERLY. When I gave way I was
speaking on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Tiiukman,] which provided that the
United States shall always have tho right to
transport its troopsand supplies and munitions
of war on this Northern Pacific railroad free of
charge. When 1 rose to speak upon the amend-
ment it was without preparation and with the
intention to confine myself to the discussion of
the amendment. I have been so drawn on by the
course of my own remarks that I now feel called
upon to speak of the history of the legislation
by Congress in regard to this company, and of
the general congressional policy of granting
immense bodies of the public lands to railroad
companies in fee. Hence, 1 should have been
glad if the Senate had seen proper, under the
circumstances, to consent to an adjournment.
But as it has refused an adjournment, I shall
be obliged to go on uutil a different result is
reached, or until I conclude what I have to say.
Having said all and more than I designed to
! say of the amendment now before the Senate,
