5094
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
July I,
ited the places, that the mining of these phos-
phates is an industry, if you can call it that,
as you can very properly, that now produces
as large profits and incomes as almost any in-
dustry in the country. That being the case,
and as this sulphuric acid, which is a waste, a
residuum, from a great many products of man-
ufacture is so cheap, it seems a little hard to
break down the production of sulphur, which
is used for so many other purposes for which
sulphuric acid cannot be, merely in order to
make a little addition to the profit on these
phosphates. That is about a fair statement of
the case, I believe.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Sulphuric acid is funda-
mental, and comes from nothing else but sul-
phur. There is not any other article from
which it comes.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is not the Senator's time
up?
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to make a remark.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is the time up?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
rises to address a question to the Senator from
Vermont, the Chair understands.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate, knowing that I have used up my five
minutes, for one minute to say to the Senator
from Vermont that the digging of phosphate
of lime in South Carolina and selling it to Eng-
lishmen is very profitable, but we have to sell
it to an Englishmen in order to make it profit-
able. It is the English labor that is put upon
it which makes the large profit that is received
by the manufacturers of the fertilizers of com-
merce. We are obliged to send out the raw
material to England to be manufactured, and
bring it back, and pay the freight both ways, to
do what? To protect some worthless beds of
iron pyiites, which would have no earthly value
but for an artificial duty put upon this article
of sulphur.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to ask a question of
the Chair for information. The question, I
understand, is on striking out sulphur from the
free list.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question.
_ Mr. STEWART. I am paired 011 this ques-
tion with the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Aktiiont.] If he were here, he would vote in
the negative, and I should vote in the affirm-
ative.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 23 ; as follows:
.YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Chandler, Corbett, Cra-
pm, Edmunds, Gilbert, jiamlin, Marian, Harris,
if o well,Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Bevels,
Scott Sherman, Tipton, Willey, Williams, and Wil-
son—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Baya.rd. Casscrly, Davis,
iowler, fin mil ton of Maryland, Johnston, Lewis,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice,
ftooeitson.'Ross, Sawyer, Schurz, Spencer, Sprague,
Thurmnn. Trumbull, Vickcrs, and Warner—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Brownlow,
Luckinsliom, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Colo,
m 1 Fen ton, Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton
ot Li'.vaf, Howard.Ilowe.MeCreery,Morton,Norton
aye. Patterson, Pool, ltamsey, Saulsbury, Stewart,
Stockton, Sumner, Thayer, and Yatesr-29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now move
to strike out the words and to insert "brim-
stone, crude." I think that will satisfy the
southern advocates of this article. It leaves
the crude article to come in free.
Mr. SAWYER. I have no objection to that.
■The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the bill on page 109, line one hundred and
eighty-three, ot section forty-eight, by striking
out the words " or brimstone, crude."
j^r' * dcHiot understand that.
Mr. MORRILL, of ^ Vermont. I move to
strike out the whole line, or to leave in the
last words of the line.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
to transpose the words.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I wish to
leave "brimstone, crude," free.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed, on page
109, line one hundred and eighty-three, to
strike out the words "sulphur or," so that the
line shall read, "brimstone, crude."
Mr. SAWYER. I want crude brimstone
free. I do not care anything about the refined.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is the
amendment which I propose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
to transpose it, so as to put it in its proper
place alphabetically in the list.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will change
my amendment so as to strike out the words
" sulphur or."
The amendment was agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 26, noes 17.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask now that this item
be transferred to line fifty-eight on page 104,
so that the item shall come in in its alphabet-
ical order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was going to make
another motion in regard to brimstone. As we
have divided it, I think we had better make
the whole of it pay duty. I move to strike out
the whole clause in regard to brimstone.
Mr. THURMAN. Is that in order ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly. It is a dif-
ferent proposition from the one which it was
moved to strike out. But if there is any ques-
tion of order, I move to reconsider.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You did not vote on that
side.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I beg pardon; I did. I
voted "no" before, against striking out, and
now I move to strike out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You have to reconsider
the last vote first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator from Illinois makes a motion to recon-
sider, he is entitled to make that motion. The
Seuator from Illinois moves to reconsider the
vote 
Mr. BAYARD. Did the Senator from Illi-
nois vote in the affirmative?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that ho did.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I voted with the major-
ity on the motion to strike this article from the
free list. I voted against striking it out. Now,
the_ Senate has proceeded to strike out a part
of it; and inasmuch as part is stricken out I
am for putting the whole out.
Mr. HAjSlLIN. You have got to tread back
your steps in the same order that you advanced.
You have got to reconsider the vote striking
out that first clause, and then the Senator's
motion will be in order, and not till then.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is so, then my
motion is in order to strike out, because it is
a different proposition.
Mr. BAYARD. I must express my hope
that the motion of the Senator from Illinois
will not prevail. If there be one great lesson
which has been taught for the last ton years,
and is every day becoming more recognized as
of value, it is the lesson of fertilization, of re-
storing to the soil those elements which are
taken from it in the production of crops. It
is by means of the discovery of artificial ma-
nures that lands completely worthless or worn
out are restored to their normal fertility and
usefulness and value. There is no portion of
this country which needs the application of
this great rule more than the lands of the
southern States. They have in themselves the
elements of enormous wealth if but these prin-
ciples are applied to them. The soil ot the
South has been worn out in a great degree by
injudicious cultivation ; and yet in the South
there are fortunately provided materials,
under proper chemical combination, to give
them^ the proper manure for any peculiar
description of soil in their whole area.
One hiitidied and forty thousand dollars is
the total revenue derived by the United States
the last year from the importatiou of sulphur
and brimstone. That is a mere bagatelle com-
pared with the value of havingcheap sulphuric
acid for the purpose of combining with the
deposit of phosphates found now just under
the soil of the State of South Carolina, and,
I believe, of the State of Georgia, and which
would, with proper usefulness, become a per-
fect mine of wealth not only to Carolina and
Georgia and all the cotton-producing portions
of the country, but be shipped with great ad-
vantage to our northern farmers.
The advantage of these fertilizers over the
ordinary manures of cultivation is very mani-
fest—their superior portability, the absence
of all odor and unhealthtulness of that kind,
and the fact that they can be chemically com-
pounded so as to supply each peculiar soil
with those ingredients which the articles grown
upon it demand for their production.
I do not think that any interest has been so
much neglected in this country as has been the
great one of all couutries, and it is especially
so of the United States, of agriculture. I con-
sider that it'is in the interest of the agriculture
of this country that cheap sulphuric acid should
he produced.
I heard something said just now about its
cheapness. That may be so to the producer,
because sulphuric acid is generally a mere
waste of production. There is a duty imposed
by your tariff now of one hundred per cent,
nearly upon sulphuric acid, and there is a duty
ofsome four hundred per cent, upon brimstone;
and yet we know that sulphuric acid, so neces-
sary for the manufacture of these fertilizers,
cannot be produced from anything with any
proportionate ease or profit as compared to its
direct production from sulphur itself.
Looking upon this matter in the interest of
agriculture in every portion of the Union I
say that no one, in my opinion, can rationally
set on one hand the paltry sum of $140,000 as
compared to the enormous value to accrue to
our agricultural interests by having cheap fer-
tilizers placed in the control of every farmer.
Mr. SAWYER. I understand the motion
to he to strike out the entire line.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will be the effect
of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Part of the
line has already been stricken out, and the
motion now is to strike out the rest.
Mr. SAWYER. In looking at the free-list
section of this bill I find that lines fifty-two,
fifty-three, and fifty-four read :
Bones, crude, not manufactured, bonesground and
calcined, bone dust and bono ash for manufacture
of phosphates and fertilizers.
These three lines are put in this list in the
interest of parties in Philadelphia and in New
York and in Massachusetts who make ferti-
lizers. I had proposed to have these articles
put ba,ck, where they were before, on the list
of dutiable articles, but I thought it would be
an invidious distinction to make, and therefore
I did not make the motion to throw them out
of the free list. But had I supposed that any-
body would attempt to discriminate against the
product of the State of South Carolina, which
exists there naturally, for this very purpose of
making fertilizers, 1 certainly should not have
been as magnanimous as that. I should have
made the motion, whatever success it might
have had. I do not propose now to make the
motion; but I want to show that the committee
have admitted free by this bill, and the Senate
have voted to admit free to the States which
use these articles, and which we are not obliged
to use, the raw materials for fertilizers which
are manufactured at the North. Now, I ask
that you shall admit into our section of the
country and into all the country the articles
which go to combine with the raw materials of
our fertilizers, so that we shall pay American
labor instead of paying European labor for this
matter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yrou are satisfied with it
