m.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 21,
Se^at®.
Northern Pacific Railway—Mr. Gasserly.
41sx Cong....2d Sess.
let us now look over the larger field of the
general subject. We shall discover there much
that will give force to the amendment, and still
more that must strengthen the opposition to
the whole measure.
Mr. President, this company, when it came
here six years ago, for a charter and for aid,
came with the fairest professions. At that
time the country had found out how greatly
Congress bad overshot the mark in the im-
mense aids in land and money it had bestowed
on the other great roads across the conti-
nent. The pressure of the debt was also then
beginning to be felt; and the uncertainty aa
to how long the vast expenses of the war
would be continued lay heavy on men's
minds. The result was an overwhelming pub-
lic. pentiment against aid in money, which Con-
gress could not disregard. It was forced to
abandon its former policy of aid in lands and
bonds, and to restrict aid, whenever granted, to
grants of lands alone. But because of that
restriction the company claimed and Congress
conceded that the grant of land 6hould be of
the most liberal description; that it should be
the largest ever made. It was so made. When
I first spoke upon this bill, I showed, from the
report of the Commissioner of tbe Land Office
for 1809, how fully this was carried out in the
gran t as made. O ther Senators who have since
spoken, and especially the Senators from Ohio
[Mr. TuuitMANj and Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] have
left little to be added on that point.
[At this point the honorable Senator yielded
to a motion to adjourn until next day; which
was agreed to.]
Thursday, April 21, 1870.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
same subject.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, when the
Senate adjourned yesterday 1 had taken a re
trospective glance at the relations between the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company and Con-
gress in the year 1864, when the company ob
tained its charter and grant of lands, Resuming
with that year, I shall endeavor to show how
much the company baa already obtained from
Congress^ and what it is now demanding in
addition.
Yesterday I recalled to the recollection of
Senators the fact that in 1864 Congress was
brought by an awakened public sentiment to a
sudden hall in the policy which it had been
pursuing. I refer, of course, to the policy of
vast expenditures—I do not mean to say wholly
unfruitful of good, though at what costl—the
policy of granting to transcontinental railways
aid in lauds by millions and millions of aftes,
and subsidies in money to the amount of tens
of millions of dollars. There was good reason
for the public sentiment which so arrested
Congress in its career. What had been the
extent of the aid in lands and money granted
by Congress down to that period? I have
son?e figures here from our most authentic
source of information, the report of Mr. Wilson,
the .Commissipner of the General Land Office,
now upon our,tables. I read from page 81
of that report. It will be understood, of
course, that so far as it speaks of aid in lands
the figures as applied to 1864 will be subject to
a diminution of tho grants made since that
year, including the great grants to this very
railroad, the Morthern Pacific, to the Atlantic
and Pacific, and a few small grants to other
railroads. Here are the words of this well-
informed and experienced public officer:
"The total amount of land subsidies to railroad
and wagon-roads up to date is 185,890,794 acroa, or
?JO,45-l squoro miles; equal to tho combined area of
Uroat Britain and France, and exceeding that of
Spain, Italy and Switzerland. In addition to these
land grants Government loans of credit have been
made to the extent of $60,860,320, of which $24,371,000
were issued to the Central Pacific; 826,638,000 to the
Union Pacific; $6,303,000 to the Kansas Pacific;
$1,600,000 to the central branch of the Union Pacific,
late Atchison and Pike's Peak railroad; $1,628,S20
to the Sioux City and Pacific, and $320,000 to the
Western Pacific."
As I said, the land part of these vast grants
of aid was not so great in 1864 as it has become
since: but the extract-from the Land Com-
missioner's report sheds a flood of light on the
situation as Congress met it in 1 864.
Congress, then, found itself in 1864 forced to
abandon its policy of land and money grants.
In the then condition of the country and of
public sentiment it could not do Otherwise, it
determined to grant no more aid in money. It
determined, further, that any aid given should
be confined to land. Upon the solicitation of
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company, and in
view of the undoubted national importance of
the work, the purpose of Congress was to make
the land grant a liberal one, in fact the most
valuable ever bestowed for railroad purposes.
The railroad company was allowed substantially
to fix its own terms. It knew what it wanted
far better than Congress did. It asked all it
wanted. If it erred at all it did not err on the
side of asking too little. 1 From all our inform-
ation since there is no manner of doubt that the
grant as made at that time for forty-seven mil-
lion acres, the finest great body of lands on
the continent, was largely in excess of the
amount required to build this road, and of
course still more largely in excess of any sound
policy of granting aid. The two things are
entirely difl'erent, I take it. What is necessary
to build a road complete, to equip it, and open
it ready for business to the public,_ is one thing.
What is called for in the way of substantial,
efficient aid toward the same result is quite
another thing. It is a perversion, allow me to
say, of all sound policy as between the Govern-
ment and its citizens to hold or for Congress
to admit by legislation, that the Government
shall in any case put into the hands of a rail-
road company all the means required to com-
plete the road, in its road-bed, in its iron, in
its equipments, so as to give the road substan-
tially when finished to the company as its prop-
erty out and out. This is not aiding tho com-
pany to build the road. It is building the road
for it. It is a paralysis of all individual energy;
it is a stifling of the wholesome free action of
private enterprise.'
Jf the extent of the aid, as it is called, is
demoralizing, tho mode of giving it is much
worse. Under the policy heretofore and still
pursued the grant of aid is limited in each case
to one private corporation. Congress has not
only failed to pursue a sound policy, but it lias
industriously chosen the worst policy possible.
In the first place, Congress should have begun
by ascertaining as nearly as might be the prob-
able cost of building any given road. It should
then have bestowed its aid with liberality, or
even munificence; but always so that the pri-
vate enterprise of .the country should be set in
motion and should furnish its full part, while
Government should supply the rest. It should
always have insisted on the obvious provision
that no more at least of the aid in money should
be used than was required.
In the next place, Congress should never
have restricted its grant to the one company
which first asked it. It should have ascertained
wjhether among the extensive railroad interests
of the Union there were not other companies
or individuals able and willing to build the
road on better terms for the eountry. Through-
out Congress has treated the company chartered
by it as though it had the exclusive legal right
to construct a road on that general route, and
all other companies and individuals as smitten
with an incapacity to construct or to receive
aid for constructing.
All of these features were necessary. Every
one of them was studiously ignored. It would
be difficult to imagine a system for the con-
struction of great public works by immense
public subsidies more utterly void of its most
obvious essential elements.
The results are what '.might have been ex-
pected. One result has been to build two great
lines of railroad, to give them to the companies
practically for nothing, to leave the companies
the owners of vast tracts of lands, and in ad-
dition to bestow upon a few leading stock-
holders private fortunes of fabulous magnitude.
Nor is this all. The effect of the system pur-
sued by Congress on the morals of the country
was necessarily most mischievous. Congress
tempted the people. It held out a lure to a
class of our citizens naturally too speculative; I
mean the railroad men of the United States.
It filled them with a fever of railroad adven-
ture ; and by the prospect of immense gains
to be realized out of congressional subsidies
it excited them to engage in great railroad en-
terprises without much or any reference to the
legitimate profits of the undertaking. Worst
of all, the system vitiated all legislation in Con-
gress on the subject of aid to railroads, and
rendered a return to wholesome principles well
nigh if not wholly impracticable.
The abuses of the past in Congress rise up
against all reformation. Whatwas then yielded
as a special favor is now claimed as a settled
right. What was an exceptional excess of the
public liberality in the imminent emergencies
of the war has now passed into an ordinary
precedent. To-day, in the midst of peace,
with one completed railway in full operation
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, the railroad
company interested in this bill is here demand-
ing of us to be put on a war footing—on the
vantage-ground of that military necessity which
knows no law and admits of no impossibility.
If we hesitate we are censured. We are found
guilty of a great wrong if, with the best good-
will to forward the building of the road, we
aim at the same time to protect the general
interests and maintain the efficiency of the
public-land system by keeping the lands free
to the settler while we give the proceeds to the
railroad company. In this spirit, and in no
other, the whole debate has been carried on
by those Senators who Have thus far so suc-
cessfully sustained every obnoxious'feature of
this joint resolution against the most reason-
able and the most unanswerable amendments.
In 1864 the Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany was content with the act of Congress then
passed and with the grants of lands then made.
It was a grant substantially fixed by itself and
far beyond any other ever made, as is shown
by the report of the Land Commissioner, from
which I read a while ago. _ Taking the line of
its road along its whole distance, from Lake
Superior to Puget sound, two thousand miles,
the calls of the grant are equal to forty seven
million acres. Before ! close I hope to show
the Senate two extraordinary provisions of this
joint resolution, both of them extending the
length of the road, and, of course, increasing
the lands granted. One provision is for a
third road noi called for by the original charter;
that is, a road direct from Portland to the term-
inus of the branch road at Puget sound. By
another provision the measure impliedly but
effectually abrogates the limitation as to the
point of divergence for the branch as fixed by
the charter. As so fixed that point is not to
lie further east than three hundred miles from
the terminus on Puget sound'. The company
is to be allowed to alter that and to branch off
at any "convenient point." This point the
company may find it "convenient" to fix
eight hundred or a thousand or twelve hundred
miles east of Puget sound instead of three
hundred miles, thus adding nearly one half
more land to its already enormous grant.
It has been constantly said that the company
has an equity for the passage of this resolution
on two grounds : first, that it was contemplated
