18*70.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
305
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Northern Pacific llailway—Mr. Casserly.
Senate.
by the original act of Congress that they should
get the full amount of forty-seven million acres
within the limits specified; and second, be-
cause, as is said, large quantities of the best
lands in the sections granted to the company
have been taken up by actual settlers. Both
of these grounds will be answered by a careful
reading of the provisions of the original char-
ier. Such a reading will show that Congress
did not intend to guaranty to this company any
particular quantity of land within the limits
then fixed. It will also show that Congress
had fully in mind the ordinary and obvious
probability that from different causes the quan-
tity of land obtainable by this company within
the limit of forty miles on eaeb side, first fixed
by the grant, might fall short of the full amount
of forty-seven million acres, and that it pro-
videdfor such a case byadding ten miles more
on each side within which to make up defi-
ciencies. The language of the grant is :
"Every alternate section of public land, not min-
eral, designated by odd numbers, to the amount of
twenty alternate sections per mile, on each side
of said lailroad lino, as said company may adopt,
through the Territories of tho United States, and ten
alternate sections of land per mile on each side of
said railroad whenever it passes through any State,
and whenever on tho lino thereof tho united States
have full title, not reserv#d, sold, granted, or other-
wise appropriated, andfreefrom preemption or other
claims or rights at the time the line of said road is
definitely fixed: and a plat thereof filed in the ofliee
of tho Commissioner of tho General Land Office."
The charter goes on, making still more clear
what Congress-had in view at the time:
"And whenever, prior to said time, any of such
sections or parts of sections shall have boon granted,
sold, reserved, occupicd by homestead settlers, or
pieempted, or otherwise disposed of'—
The very ground now and hero so much
insisted upon by the friends of this bill as a
new equity arising since the charter, was then
fully in the mind of Congress and as fully pro-
vided for. How provided for? In this way:
"other lands shall bo selected by said company in
lieu thereof, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, in alternate sections, and designated by
odd numbers, not more than ten milos beyond the
limits of said alternate sections."
Congress therefore had in view what it is
said by Senators has since taken place, and is
alleged to be the equity of the company for this
new measure; that is, the appropriation of a
portion of these lands by settlers; and it pro-
vided for it. In what way? By allowing to the
company the right to select other odd sections
not more than ten miles beyond the limits of
the main grant. Further, to show beyond any
doubt that Congress did not intend to enlarge
that additional limit or to guaranty any further
lands, the two provisos are conclusive. Tho
first proviso is :
"Provided, That if said route shall be found upon
the line of any other railroad route, to aid in the con-
struction of which lands have been heretofore granted
by the United States, as lar as the routes are upon tho
same general line, the amount of land hcrotoforo
granted shall be deducted from the amount granted
by this act."
There is still another proviso, covering the
case of mineral lands :
"Provided further. That all minerallands be, and
the same are hereby, excluded from the operations
of this act. and in lieu thereof a like quantity of
unoccupied and unappropriated agricultural lands,
in odd-numbered sections, nearest to the line of said
road, may be selected as abovo provided."
These several clauses and provisos make the
intent of Congress very plain ; and thoroughly
dispose of the new equity set up here by Sen-
ators. Lands taken up by settlers or other-
wise disposed of within the first forty miles on
each side of the road, might be made good,
but only within the additional ten miles on
each side. Mineral lands also are exempted
from the grant, but may be selected for in like
manner. Lands already granted for another
road on the same general line, were to be de-
ducted, and are not to be made good. Thus,
when Congress means to allow other lands to
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 20.
be selected in lieu of lands excepted from the
grant, as mineral lands, or lands taken up by
settlers or otherwise disposed of, it prescribes
how they shall be selected and within what
limits. On the other hand, when it means to
deny any right to select other lands, as in
place of lands already granted for another
railroad, it so declares.
Senators will take note that in respect to
supplying deficiencies no distinction is made
in the charter between lands "granted, sold,
or-reserved" by the United States and lands
taken up by settlers under homestead or pre-
emption rights. The bill now before us makes
no distinction, though the deficiencies caused
by settlers have been the only "equity" urged
in the debate. Yet who does not see that in
the nature of things Congress never could have
intended to allow deficiencies for lands already
granted or sold by the United States to be se-
lected for outside of the additional ten miles
on each side limited expressly for that purpose ?
As we see, then, Congress foresaw and pro-
vided for every conceivable case of deficiency
•of lands within the liies of the grant, includ-
ing the very case which is now urged upon us.
This being so, I deny that there is the least
ground in equity, in common sense, or com-
mon fairness for now saying because, as is
alleged, the very state of things has occurred
which Congress expressly provided for at the
time, and must have considered in making
this vast grant—that the company, after having
acquiesced in these provisions and accepted
the charter and the grant, is now, after six
years, entitled to more lands and a further
limit of ten miles on each side, making in all
a belt of one hundred and twenty miles within
which to select them.
So far, then, as respects any equity growing
out of the charter or the dealings of Congress
with this company, there is simply no such
thing. It is a figment of the imagination.
Thus far I have conceded to the friends of the
bill that there were deficiencies within thelimits
of eighty miles first granted. Of the many sig-
nificant, not to say suspicious features of tho
measure, one of the most so is that there is no
proof before the Senate of the fact of defi-
ciency. None whatever. We have simply a
bare suggestion by the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Howard,] who has charge of the hill,
that there is a deficiency, without saying where
it is, how it arose, or what is its extent. He
knows nothing and states nothing of his own
knowledge. One or two Senators have made
round assertions as to lands taken up in the
valleys of Montana; but they have abstained
from particulars. From the company or any of
its oflicers we have not a word in the way of
proof or statement. On this very striking head
I shall have more to say hereafter.
' If the deficiency has arisen from grants or
reservations made by Government it is not
difficult to show it from the public offices.
Why has not this been done? Deficiencies
caused by the taking up of lands by actual
settlors have been alone put forward here.
They if they exist are of course mainly on
unsurveyed lands west of Minnesota and Wis-
consin, and necessarily rest in estimate. We
have not had even an estimate from the com-
pany.
But even if there are deficiencies from such
a cause so great as to justify this bill, why are
there? In 1864 the company was chartered
and received its grant. By section six of its
charter, "so soon" as the company "fixedits
general route, and as fast as required by the
general construction of the road," the Presi-
dent was required to have the lands surveyed
within the limits of forty miles on each side of
the road; and the odd sections were declared
withdrawn after such survey, aud even before
it. Here two questions arise. Did the com-
pany fix its general route so as to have a sur-
vey made and its lands withdrawn? If it did
not, why was it?
There is no serious claim that the company
has ever complied with the law even to this
day. It has not yet fixed its general route;
hence no survey has been made. The lands
granted have never yet been withdrawn. The
history of this portion of the company's pro-
ceedings has been very fully presented by Sen-
ators who have preceded me, especially the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlax,] who spoke
from the official evidence. The letter of the
Commissioner of the Laud Office, which has
been read, covers the whole ground. It shows
conclusively that the company, instead of com-
plying with the law by filing a map of its route
made from actual survey on the ground, at-
tempted to evade it by filing a diagram of an
imaginary line, a mere paper survey, not even
verified by the oath of the proper officer of the
company.
The Commissioner refused to accept such a
paper as a basis for withdrawing the lands.
He shows in his letter that in so acting he
obeyed the law, and carried out the princi-
ples of our land system as understood and ad-
ministered by the Government. Earnestly do
I commend to Senators who are disposed to
vote for this bill, the Commissioner's letter. It
is in the Globe of Tuesday of last week. The
result was the lands were not withdrawn, and
have so remained from that day to this.
The letter of the Secretary of the Interior
of March 4, 1370, read here last Friday by tho
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] shows
that up to that date the lands had not been
withdrawn. For this course of the company
no defense has been attempted by the friends
of the bill. Senators opposed to the bill have
suggested reasons of a speculative nature ; as
that the company preferred to wait six years
to see whether the great central line of rail-
way should be a success or a failure; or to
delay until these lands rose greatly in value
from the enterprise of others before it would
expend the money necessary even to make au
actual survey and file its map according to law.
I shall not discuss the company's motives
for its course. They are not material to the
view I am presenting. It is enough that by
its own deliberate omission, its inexcusable
laches, it took no steps to have its lands with-
drawn for six years, and has not yet done so.
After all this, to say that because during these
six years of willful negligence, for which no
excuse has been offered or can be imagined,
settlers have taken up lands in the odd sec-
tions—admitting this to be true—the company
can claim a new grant of lands within a belt
enlarged to one hundred and twenty miles
across the continent—is to say what is utterly
inadmissible.
The sum of the whole is that the company's
demand has no equity, not even a color of
equity to sustain it, and that in the next place,
on the strength of alleged deficiencies, caused,
if they exist, directly by its own wrong, it
takes advantage of it to demand a new grant
equal to tenor twelve million acres, which for
any real security against it in the law may
prove to be, by one contrivance or another,
largely additional to the original grant of forty-
seven million acres.
If by its charter, its dealings with Congress,
and its disregard of the law made for its own
protection, the company has no shadow of a
case for this demand, neither is there anything
in the grant as originally made, to sustain the
demand on theground of necessity for the con-
struction of the railroad. The grant, as made
to the company in 1864, was dictated by itself,
as we have heard from at least one Senator here
who spoke with knowledge. It gave the com-
pany forty- seven million acres, to be selected
out of the odd sections in a belt of one hundred
miles wide by a length stated by Commissioner
