1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2263
in cotton goods, She cannot compete with the
North, where the factories are on an enorm-
ous scale and ample capital to work them;
added to which, the most of the goods made
in Virginia and North Carolina are shipped
North to be sold, paying commissions and ex-
penses of freight, our merchants and traders
going there to purchase in preference to buying
at home at their own doors; and thus the man-
ufacturers pay to the commission merchants all
their profits instead of encouraging their own
manufacturers, as they ought to do, and thus
force them to put their goods out of their hands,
frequently to be sold at unremunerative prices.
Virginia will probably be able to extend the
manufacture of woolen goods; the number of
sheep is constantly increasing, and thus a home
market will be found for her wool.
The result of the last year's prices of wheal,
in the market of the world must force her, if it
continues another year, to abandon to a great
extentthe cultivation of this cereal, and force her
to the raising of cattle to a greater extent than
heretofore. I think a considerable reduction
ought to be made in the duties on the leading
articles which enter so largely into consump-
tion ; and as the Republican party, of which I
profess to be a humble member, cannot escape
the responsibility of this task unless they wish
the words " weighed in the balance and found
wanting" applied to them, let them carefully
look into the matter, and reduce where it is
possible to do so. I think coffee, tea, sugar,
and salt ought to come down 50 per cent, at
least, and yet I was surprised to find in making
a calculation how little it cost per head per
annum to pay the duties on sugar and coffee.
Mr. Chairman, when I was a mere boy, in
a large importing house in Alexandria, a large
amount of salt was imported annually into that
city from St. Ubes, Lisbon, Turk's Island, and
Liverpool. The quantity used for the Poto-
mac fisheries in the spring was about 250,000
bushels. At that period on the Potomac, as
well as the Susquehanna, the catch of her-
ring and shad was very large, perhaps five
times as great as it is to-day. The largest
quantity of salt used was Lisbon, St. TJbes, and
Turk's Island, the two former being used prin-
cipally for striking or curing the fish, the
Turk's Island for packing. We knew nothing
in those days of domestic salt. Within the
last year or two Syracuse salt, under the heavy
tariff, has found its way to Virginia, and is
competing to some extent with the Liverpool
salt. It is a fine quality of salt, whiter than
the Liverpool, but of course the prejudice has
to be overcome, and a reduction of 10 or 20
cents per sack has induced some of the deal-
ers to pass it off as Liverpool imported. They
are pretty cute in New York, and i suppose
they buy up the sccond-hund Liverpool sacks
that are emptied and fill them with the Syra-
cuse salt, selling it as Liverpool salt, because
they can make a better profit on it than they
can on imported salt.
Liverpool ground alum, in old timed, never
was imported under 10 to the ton; now it
comes at 10J to 11J to the ton, and is selling
at $1 60 to $1 70 per sack, and fine salt at
§2 30 to $2 50.
We are not favored in Virginia with any 30
cent salt from Syracuse or anywhere else. I
desire to have a letter read showing what salt is
worth at the salt-works in Washington county,
Virginia. At one time the duty on salt was
so low, 15 per cent, ad valorem, I believe,
that it hardly returned the Government what
they (the Government) paid ihe officers for
superintending the unloading, b>it this lasted
but a short time. When the 5250,000 bushels
melted for the spring fisheries was used there
was no railroad to Baltimore and none from
Cumberland to Wheeling, and none leading
into Virginia, except alarge wagon trade which
came ft oin all parts of Virginia, Maryland, and
Pennsylvania, carrying away green a large
number of fish; the most was barreled on the
shor'^ of the Potomac and brought <,o
at the close of the fishery. Now, since the
opening of the country by railroad, but few
fish are barreled, and mostly all are carried
off green into the interior, to Baltimore, Penn-
sylvania, and up the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal by canal-boats. I do not know how to
account for this falling off of the fisheries. The
old fishermen say because so many gill-nets
are used and that the fish have no chance to
get up the Potomac to spawn. Some insist
that the coal-tar from the gas-works that finds
its way into the Potomac is destroying the fish,
which is very likely to some extent the case.
Salt is vital to man and beast. I wish the
House could hear a sermon on the properties
of salt by Rev. A. D. Pollock, now of War-
renton. I do not believe, whether it suited
Syracuse or Washington county, Virginia, that
they would consent to tax salt. It is a great
purifier, and I would recommend to the party
in the ascendant in this Congress to strengthen
themselves and go before the people at the
next election with "no duty on salt." I believe
they would win. I have no doubt we shall
be told by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
of that discovery of rock-salt in Louisiana
which requires protection. Put it on some-
thing else, but let salt be free. Reduce the
duty on sugar; do not stand so much on your
Secretary of State's dignity—help Cuba substan-
tially ; give us cheap sugar. I remember very
well your neutrality about Texas ; I happened
to be in New Orleans about that time. The
same neutrality in the case of Cuba would have
given her to us long since, and saved ail im-
mense loss to the people of that island.
I ask the Clerk to read the following letter.
The Clerk read as follows :
Alexandria, Virginia, March 22,1870.
Deae Sie : In response to your inquiries in regard
to salt, I would stato fii>t that salt is sold by the
Washington County Salt Company.it 80? cents per
bushel of 50 pounds—say Impounds less than actually
required to mako an honest bushel—and that by the
policy of that company its productions arc habitually
sold enough lower in Lynchburg to make it fre-
quently choapcr to the people of Wythe county to buy
their salt at that place, thus paying a tax by its reship-
men t, of the freight,2lH miles by rail on sneh purchases.
Wythoville is, say 10 miles east of salt works, and
Lynchburg is 132 miles east of Wythevitle. The
salt then is sent oast by Wythe to Lynchburg out-
ward to Wythevilie after 261 miles of extra travel at
less than it can be purchased at and brought directly
fiouitliesalt works. In addition to travel it no doubt
pays handling, commission-:, and storage, <ve„ when
sent to Lynchburg. This statement must prove con-
clusively the enormous profits it pays to the manu-
facturers. But their rapid accumulation of riches as
attested by very extensive purchases of real estate
for cash throughout tho southwest of Virginia as
well as their " reports of income" must be held con-
elusive as to the extent, which this formidable mo-
nopoly has been fostered by the high tariff imposed
on this article of luxury—the one indispensablo
article alike to every man and beast on tho earth!
indispensable to rich and poor; and monopolists arc
protected in extortion in supplying a section of coun-
try of hundreds of square miles and peopled by tho u-
sands of stock-raising peoplo, who aicfi'oranecessiiy
extensive consumers. .From Lynchburg to Ivnox-
villc, counties in North Carolina, and in Kentucky,
and west Virginia, have now from high import du-
ties, couplcd with heavy freights, no alternative but
to submit to tho exactions of these people, these
patrons of Federal policy, a policy which scarcely
acquires revenue enough to the General Governmen t
to pay for its collection, yet, compels thousands ot
abiect people to fatten a few purse-proud extortion-
ists tor the very salt which seasons their poor lood.
Humbly, your obedient servant, x,,„.OA,T
R. M. LATV SON,
Hon. Lewis McKenzie,
Hoube of Meprcsentatiues.
p. g.—In view of the decline of gold and thesliong
probability of a reduction in duties, salt on the sea-
board has declined in price, but no chango has oc-
curred at these works as far as I have heard.   nole-
salc here: ground alum salt 1)0, line salt K- 10 to
$•> SO—same in Baltimore.
Mr. McKENZIE. There is annually con-
sumed by each person about 2S pounds of
suoar, ths duty on which is about $1; also,
about, 6 pounds of coffee, the duty on which is
about 30 cents.
Mr. McCarthy. The gentleman has
stated the amount of sugar which each person
in the country consumes. Will lie state tue
amount of salt consumed on tho average by
each person 1
Mr, McKENZIE, T know tl|§ cost of the
salt is not very large. The duty would not
amount to a great deal. I have not had time
to get together the figures on that point.
Mr. McCABTHY. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to tell him the amount?
Mr. McKENZIE. I should be very happy
to have the gentleman state it. I think he has
told us once before. [Laughter.]
. Mr. McCARTHY. The gentleman may have
forgotten the statement.
Mr. McKENZIE. I shall be very happy to
hear is again.
Mr. McCARTHY. The amount is SO pounds
annually to each person; and the whole duty to
each person is 6 cents.
Mr. McKENZIE. The duties collected on
coffee in 1869 were $11,540,718; on sugar,
$29,654,791, and on salt $1,175,896. Total,
$42,371,405. These articles might safely be
reduced one half, if not made free.
The little time I have been here, with the
pressing calls from a district unrepresented in
this Hall for nine years, requires a great deal
of patience, particularly under the load of dis-
abilities the Representatives from Virginia have
had to carry, has not enabled me to look into
this matter as fully as I would like to do.
Older and wiser heads will doubtless do so,
and I must content myself when the bill comes
up section by section to be governed by the
best advice 1 can get on the subject, and act
accordingly. I hope, Mr. Chairman, as oue
of the humblest of the Virginia Representatives,
I may be allowed to say this much. It is pos-
sible some gentlemen on this floor may say,'' Let
Virginia pay what is put on her; she has been
in rebellion, and has no right to speak," and
some may be sorry she has returned to her
allegiance and occupies a place on this floor;
but they ought to remember she is one of the
old thirteen that formed this Union and gave
an empire to form new States. They ought to
welcome her back with gladness not with cold-
ness and indifference. Her people perhaps were
wrong, but they arc generous and kind-hearted,
have suffered greatly, have endured hardships
unparalleled in the history of the world. Let her
take her place in the family of States with no
unkind feelings harbored against her.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, addressed the com-
mittee. [See Appendix.]
Mr. marshall obtained the floor.
Mr. McCarthy. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and Mr. Garfieui,
of Ohio, having taken the chair as the Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Stevenson reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under con-
sideration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (H. R. No. 10G8) to amend
existiug laws relating to the duty on imports,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. WILSON, of
Minnesota, the House (at nine o'clock and
fifty-five minutes p. m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ATWOOD : A memorial of the Le-
gislature of Wisconsin, asking for the division
of the State of Wisconsion into two judicial
districts, and to create the western judicial
district. -11. e
Also, joint resolutions of the Legislature ot
Wisconsin, instructing Senators and members
of Congress to ask for further appropriations
for harbors on Lake Superior.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Wis-
consin, for amail route from Green Bay,
State of Wisconsin, to Wabashaw, in the State
| °'By Mr! BANKS: The memorial of Benja-
min S, Brooks, John Center, and Egbert .Tud-
