1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fchem equal in all sections. They give employ-
ment and support to hundreds of thousands of
p^opje home, and retain with us the means
which otherwise would be shipped abroad. The
extension of railroads in Europe and the East
is bringing into competition with our agricul-
tural products like products of other countries,
belf-interest, if not self-preservation, there-
lore dictates caution against disturbing, any
industrial interest of the country. It teaches
us also the necessity of looking to other mar-
kets for the sale of our surplus. Our neigh-
bors south of us, and China and Japan, should
receive our special attention. It will be the
endeavor of the Administration to cultivate
such relations with all these nations as to
entitle us to their confidence, and make it their
interest, as well as ours, to establish better
commercial relations.
Through the agency of a more enlightened
policy than that heretofore pursued toward
China, largely due to the sagacity and efforts
of one of our own distinguished citizens, the
world is about to commence largely increased
relations with that populous and hitherto ex-
clusive nation. As the United States have been
the initiators in this new policy, so they should
be the most earnest in showing their good faith
in making it a success. In this connection I
advise such legislation as will forever preclude
the enslavement of the Chinese upon our soil
under the name of coolies, and also'prevent
American vessels from engaging in the trans-
portation of eoolies to any country tolerating
the system. I also recommend that the mis-
sion to China be raised to one of the first class.
On my assuming the responsible duties of
Chief Magistrate ot" the United States it was
with the conviction that three things were
essential to its peace, prosperity, and fullest
development.
First among'these is strict integrity in fulfill-
ing all our obligations ; second, to secure pro-
tection to the person and property of the citizen
of the United States in each and every portion
ol'our common country wherever he may choose
to move, without reference to original nation-
ality, religion, color, or politics, demanding of
him only obedienee to the laws and proper ro-
epeet for the rights of others; third, union of
all the States, with equal rights, indestructible
by any constitutional means.
To secure the first of these Congress lias
taken two essential steps: first, in declaring
by joint resolution that the public debt shall
be paid, principal and interest, in coin; and
second, by providing the means for paying.
Providing the means, however, could not se-
cure the object desired without a proper admin-
istration of the laws for the collection of the
revenues and an economical disbursement of
them. To this subject the Administration has
most earnestly addressed itself, with results, I
hope, satisfactory to the country. There has
been no hesitation in changing officials in order
to secure an efficient execution of the laws,
sometimes, too, where in a mere party view
undesirable political results were likely to fol-
low, nor any hesitation in sustaining efficient
officials against remonstrances wholly political.
It may be well to mention here the embar-
rassment possible to arise from leaving 011 the
statute-books the so-called " tenure-of-oflieo
acts," and to earnestly recommend their total
repeal. It could not have been the intention
of the framerg of the Constitution, when pro-
viding that appointments made by the Presi-
dent should receive the consent of the Senate,
jhat the latter should have the power to retain
in office persons placed there by Federal ap-
pointment against the will of the President.
The law is inconsistent with a faithful and effi-
cient administration of the Government, What
faith can an Executive put in officials forced
wpon him, and those, too. whom he has sus-
pended for reason ? How will such officials be
likely to serve an Administration which they
know does not trust them?
Fer the second requisite to our growth and
prosperity time and a firm but humane admin-
istration of existing laws, amended from time
to time as they may prove ineffective or prove
harsh and unnecessary, are probably all that
are required.
The third cannot be attained by special legis-
lation, but must be regarded as fixed by the
Constitution itself and gradually acquiesced
in by force of public opinion.
From the foundation of the Government to
the present the management of the_ original
inhabitants of this continent, the Indians, has
been a subject of embarrassment and expense
and has been attended with continuous rob-
beries, murders, and wars. From my own
experience upon the frontiers and in Indian
countries I do not hold either legislation or the
conduct of the whites who come most in contact
with the Indian blameless for these hostilities.
The past, however, cannot be undone, and the
question must be met as we now find it.
•I have attempted a new policy toward .these
wards of the nation—they cannot be regarded
in any other liglit than as wards—with fair
results so far as tried, and which I hope will
be attended ultimately with great success. The
Society of Friends is well known as having
succeeded in living in peace with the Indians
in the early settlement of Pennsylvania, while
their white neighbors of other sects in other
sections were constantly embroiled. They are
also known for their opposition to all strife,
violence, and war, and are generally noted for
their strict integrity and fair dealings. These
considerations induced me to give the man-
agement of a few reservations of Indians to
them and to throw the burden of selection of
agents upon the society itself. The result has
proven most satisfactory. It will "be found
more fully set forth in the report of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs. For superintend-
ents and Indian agents not on the reservations
officers of the Army wore selected. The rea-
sons for this are numerous. Where Indian
agents are sent, there or near there troops
must be sent also. The agent and the com-
mander of troops are independent of each
other and are subject to orders from different
departments of the Government. The Army
officer holds a position for life; the agent, one
at the will of the President. The former is
personally interested in living in harmony with
the Indian and in establishing a permanent
peace, to the end that some portion of his life
may be spent within the limits of civilized so-
ciety. The latter has no such personal inter-
est. Another reason is an economic one; and
still another, the hold which the Government
has upon a life officer to securc a faithful dis-
charge of duties in carrying out a given policy.
The building of railroads, ana the access
thereby given to all the agricultural and min-
eral regions of the country, is rapidly bringing
civilized settlements into contact with all the
tribes of Indians. No matter what ought to
be the relations between such settlements and
the aborigines,the fact is they do not harmonize
well, and one or the other has to give way in
the end. A system which look3 to the extinc-
tion of a race is too horrible for a nation to
adopt without entailing upon itself the wrath
of all Christendom, and engendering in the
citizen a disregard for human life and the
fights of others dangerous to society. I see no
substitute for such a system except in placing
all the Indians on large reservations as rapidly
as it can be done, and giving them absolute
protection there. As soon as they are fitted
ibr it they should be induced to take their
lands in severalty and to set up territorial
governments for their own protection. For
full details on this subject I call your special at-
tention to the reports of the Secretary of the In-
terior and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
The report of the Secretary of War shows
the expenditures of the War Department for
the year ending the 80th of June, 1809, to be
$30,044,042, of which $23,882,810 was dis-
bursed in the payment of debts contracted
during the war and is not chargeablc to current
Army expenses. His estimate of $34,531,031
for the expenses of the Army for the next fiscal
year is as low as it is believed can be relied on.
The • estimates of bureau officers have been
carefully scrutinized and reduced wherever ir,
has been deemed practicable. If, however, the
condition of the country should be such by th e
beginning of the next fiscal year as to admit
of a greater concentration of troops, the appro-
priation asked for will not be expended.
The appropriations estimated for for river
and harbor improvements and for fortifications
are submitted separately. "Whatever amount
Congress may deem proper to appropriate for
these purposes will be expended.
The recommendation of the General of the
Army that appropriations be made for the forts
at Boston, Portland, New York, Philadelphia,
New Orleans, and San Francisco, if for no
other, is concurred in. I also ask your special
attention to the recommendation of the gen-
eral commanding the military division of the
Pacific for the sale of the seal islands of St.
Paul and St. George, Alaska territory, and
suggest that it either be complied with or that
legislation be had for the protection of the
seal fisheries, from which a revenue should be
derived.
The report of the Secretary of War contains
a synopsis of the reports of the heads of
bureaus, of the commanders of military divis-
ions, and of the districts of Virginia, Missis-
sippi, and Texas, and the report of the General
of the Army in full. The recommendations
therein contained have been well considered
and are submitted for your action. I how-
ever call special attention to the recommenda-
tion of the chief of ordnance for the sale of
arsenals and lands no longer of use to the
Government; also, to the recommendation of
the Secretary of War that the act of the 3d
of March, 1860, prohibiting promotions and
appointments in the staff corps of the Army,
be repealed. The extent of country to be gar-
risoned and the number of military posts to
be occupied is the same with a reduced army
as with a large one. The number of staff
officers required is more dependent upon the
latter than the former condition.
The report of the Secretary of the Navy, ac-
companying this, shows the condition of the
Navy when this Administration came into
office and the changes made since. Strenuous
efforts have been made to place as many ves-
sels "in commission," or render them fit for
service if required, as possible, and to substi-
tute the sail for steam while cruising, thus
materially reducing the expenses of the Navy
and adding greatly to its efficiency. Looking
to our future, I recommend a liberal though
not extravagant policy toward this branch of
the public service.
The report of the Postmaster General fur-
nishes a clear and comprehensive exhibit of
the operations of the postal service and of the
financial condition of the Post Office Depart-
ment.
The ordinary postal revenues for the year
ending the 30th of June, X8G9, amounted to
$18,344,510, and the expenditures to $23,-
098,131, showing an excess of expenditures
over receipts of $5,353,020. The excess of
expenditures over receipts for the previous
year amounted to $6,437,992. The increase
of revenues for 18GD over those of 1868 was
$2,051,909, and the increase of expenditures
was $967,538. The increased revenue in
1869 exceeded the increased revenue in 1868
by $996,336, and the increased expenditure in
1869 was $2,527,570 less than the increased
expenditure in 1868, showing by comparison
this gratifying feature of improvement, that
while the increase of expenditures over the
increase of receipts in 1868 was $2,439,535,
the increase of receipts over the increase of
expenditures in 1869 was $1,084,371.
Your attention is respectfully called to the
recommendations made by the Postmastei
