1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1319
.Mnlt from this national work at sums varying from
mo to five hundred thousand dollars.^" # ,
"From the year 1854 to the year 1863 the amount
nf oroperty stranded on Block Island amounted to
tHt ftjO The vast coastwise trade of the North At-
lantic States in all its connections, the merchants
throughout the entire country, the underwriters,
the manufacturers,the coal andiron trades, upon
which tbe industry of New England depends so
lamely, and the thousands of lives engaged in navi-
gation and passing from point to point by water,
all would be benefited by this work."^ ^ t
"Another consideration of importance is this: a
hsrboratthis point would in time make it one of
the most important pilot stations on our coast, it
being so directly on tbe lino of vessels coming in,
bound for the various ports to which these waters
are tho entrance, and it would be a station such that
in the most severe weather thoy could find perfect
shelter and safety.
"The interests of our commerce demand a national
work here that shall be permanent in its character,
and of such magnitude and arrangement in its de-
tails that it shall make a safe anchorage from ail
storms and at all times."
In the report from the same bureau com-
municated to Congress by the Secretary of
War in 1867 is the following:
"Colonel Houston states that there appears to be
no question that a harbor of refuge should bo pro-
vided at this point, not only for the benefit of the
immense fleet of mercantile marine that traverse
Long Island Sound and this part of our Atlantic
coast, but also for our Navy at any time, in peace or
war."
And this report is made after a careful exam-
ination of the whole subject, and an actual sur-
vey of the ground. Theamountof propertyand
the numberof liveslost by actual shipwreckon
the island may be estimated with approximate
accuracy, but the loss sustained by vessels that
are driven off before the gale after they have
sighted land, and are thus made to double the
length of the voyage, cannot so easily be com-
puted. Nor can we estimate the loss of prop-
erty and of life suffered in those vessels that
are driven off never to return, when the ships
racked by the winds and waves founder in the
deep, carrying down their storm-wearied and
exhausted crews. It is safe to say that many
millions of property other than that wrecked
on the island, and many thousands of lives
not sacrificed upon its harborless shores, have
perished that could have been saved if the
refuge now asked for had been provided. On
one day, February 6, 1854, six vessels were
wrecked on the island. The commercial im-
portance of this proposed work will increase
with the removal of the obstructions at Hell
Gate, and the improvements in Harlaem river
and Spuyten Devil creek, which will greatly
increase the commerce that finds its outlet
through the sound. With these and the steady
growth of this country it will not be long before
four hundred vessels, instead of two hundred,
will pass Block Island daily ; when four hun-
dred vessels, from the stately Indiaman to the
little fishing-smack, may require a refuge from
any sudden gale, and may ,save from one to
forty days of their voyage by its friendly arms
stretching out into the surging sea. Is it not
the duty of the Government, if it be the duty
of the Government ever to protect the com-
merce from which it derives such great rev-
enues, to afford this protection? Where does
so moderate an expenditure promise so great
beneficial results?
The importance of a harbor of refuge at the
entance of Long Island sound for naval pur-
poses is very great. The improvements at Hell
Gate will enable vessels of war to approach
New York through the sound; and, in the
language of the report, " the true place to
defend this highway of the commerce of the
world will be at its very entrance from the sea.''
Long Island sound unprotected leaves unpro-
tected all the interior lines of intercourse
between New York and the East, whether by
water or by railroad. The interruption of these
would be of incalculable damage in time of
war; breaking up our communications, cut-
ting off our resources, compelling us to trans-
port men and supplies by circuitous routes
and dividing sections of the country that should
be in constant and quick communication. The
destruction of property that might be commit-
ted by an enemy in possession of the sound
cannot be estimated. Every day that an enemy
should hold it would inflict upon U3 an injury
greater than the whole cost of the contem plated
work.
I have not advocated this appropriation on
local grounds. I am too well aware that, in
the present condition of the Treasury, such an
appeal would not be listened to. It is only
for national purposes, for objects affecting the
general welfare, that new expenditures can be
justified. Yet if it were permitted me to take
local interests into the account I should be
tempted to enlarge upon the peculiar char-
acter of the hardy and adventurous people
who preserve on that remote spot the primi-
tive character and ancient traditions which
have come down to them from the first settle-
ment of the island, and who, finding but scanty
subsistence from the soil beneath their feet,
wrest the means of livelihood from the tumult-
uous seas. No other class of our people have
pursued the cod fishery under such difficulties,
and few with so great success. The natural
difficulty which this appropriation is intended
to remedy restricts them to the employment
of boats so small that they can be drawn upon
the beach for safety. These boats are of a
peculiar construction, and can be managed
only by those who are accustomed to them.
They are under twenty tons burden, open,
without decks or any shelter. In these frail
structures the fishermen of Block Island seek
the open sea and brave the terrors of the
stormy Atlantic. It was long the policy of the
Government, as it is still the policy of other
maritime Governments, to encourage the fish-
eries as the hardy nursery for the Navy ; and
bounties were given to the fishermen, the
amount being based upon the quantity of salt
consumed by each vessel engaged in fishiDg.
But this bounty was restricted to vessels of
greater tonnage than could be employed by
the Block Islanders, and the advantage of
this liberality on the part of the Government
was never enjoyed by those who, even without
this privation, always pursued the fisheryunder
greater difficulties than their competitors.
But this work commends itself to the Sen-
ate on national grounds, commercial and naval.
It is for the benefit of the whole country, for
the benefit of the commerce of the whole
world, for the security of all the property that
approaches New York through the sound,
and for the safety of thousands upon thousands
of human lives. I move the reference of these
resolutions to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
FRANKINO PRIVILEGE PETITIONS.
The following petitions for the abolition of
the franking privilege were filed with the Sec-
retary, and ordered to lie on the table :
By the VICE PRESIDENT: Six petitions
from citizens of various States.
By Mr. CAMERON: Ten petitions from
citizens of Pennsylvania.
By Mr. WILSON: A petition from citizens
of Massachusetts.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. OSBORN, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Mrs. Sarah
Hutchins bo taken from the files of tho Senato and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSTON, it was
Ordered, That thepetition and papers of William
II. Harmon be taken from the files of the Sonate
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Wil-
liam Chinn, submitted a report thereon, accom- ;
panied by a bill (S. No. 545) for the relief of
William Chinn. The bill was read and passed
to a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY. The Committee on Claims, i
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H. |j
R. No. 144) to enable the Court of Claims to
hear and determine the claim of E. Diekle-
man, a subjeet of the king of Prussia, have
instructed me to report it back, and ask to be
discharged from the further consideration
thereof. The papers show a case which is
evidently a proper subject of investigation by
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and I
am instructed to move that the papers be
referred to that committee.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of the minor children of Sylvester Dryer,
praying for a pension, reported a bill (S. No.
546) for the relief of the minor children of
Sylvester Dryer; which was read and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petition of Catharine B.
Dougherty and of Lucinda Parkerson, praying
to be allowed arrears of pensions ; the petition
of Polly Wales, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; the petition of Herman Tuerck, praying
an increase of pension ; and the resolution of
the Legislature of Michigan in favor of grant-
ing a pension to Elmira Brainard, reported
adversely thereon, and asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James R. Cole,
praying to be allowed a pension, reported
adversely thereon, and asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that the
petitioner have leave to withdraw his petition
and papers; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Ann Holmes,
widow of Samuel Allen, praying arrears of
pension, and the petition of surviving soldiers
of the war of 1812 in the city of Allentown,
praying for an act of Congress granting them
pensions, reported adversely thereon,and asked
to be discharged from their further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the petition of
B. H. Wright, praying the return of a certain
succession tax paid by him under protest, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am directed by the
Comnrru.ee on Private Land Claims, to whom
was referred the memorial of Jacob M. Boyd,
remonstrating against the passage of any bill
vesting in Royal A. Pierce the title to certain
lands in Oregon, and praying that the title be
granted to him and the settlers thereon, to ask
that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial, on the
ground that the committee have heretofore
reported adversely upon the subject.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 529) to provide for the sale of the Great
and Little Osage Indian reservations in the
State of Kansas, and for the settlement of said
Indians in the Indian territory, reported it
with amendments.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
547) for the relief of Mrs. Sarah Hutchins;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (is.
No. 548) for the relief of Blessington Rutledge;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAG1N asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
549) for the relief of Junius J. Boyle, adminis-
trator of John Boyle, deceased; which was read
