2264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
son, praying for legislation by Congress which
shall determine the legal scope fend effect of
the fifth Section of the act of July 1, 1864,
relating to the Yerba Buena Island, m the bay
of San Francisco* and whether it is actually
required fjjr the pnrposes to which it has been
designated by the President 5 and presenting
also an analysis of title to the island.
By Mr. BOWEN: A petition of sundry citi-
zens of Oro, South Carolina, asking for the
establishment of a new mail route between
Monroe, North Carolina, and Jefferson, South
Carolina.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of Rich-
ard G. Luce and 20 others, citizens of Edgar-
town, Massachusetts, praying that a mercantile
commission be appointed by the President to
examine and determine the actual loss sus-
tained by citizens of the United States in con-
sequence of depredations committed by con-
federate cruisers.
Also, a memorial of the Cigar-makers'
National Union of Fall River, Massachusetts,
praying to have section eighty-two of the
internal revenue laws repealed.
By Mr. COVODE: A petition of sundry
citizens of Fayette county, Pennsylvania, in
favor of so amending the Constitution as to
acknowledge the Deity as the source of all
power.
Also, a petition of sundry citizens of the
twenty-first Pennsylvania district, in favor of
granting land warrants to the soldiers of the
late rebellion.
Also, the petition of James Hamilton, form-
erly postmaster at West Newton, Pennsylva-
nia, l'or relief.
Also, the petition of A. ,G. Booth, of Browns-
ville, Pennsylvania, for services as assessor
while receiving the pay of an assistant.
By Mr. DONLEY: A petition of citizens
of Beaver county, Pennsylvania, asking that
aid be granted Captain C. F. Hall to make
further explorations in behalf of the Govern-
ment.
By Mr. FERRY: Thepetition of F. W. Sam-
mons, Edgar Conkling, and 65 other citizens of
Sheboygan and vicinity, in Michigan, praying
that the military reservation atBois Blanc and
Round Islands, in the straits of Mackinaw, be
thrown open to entry and settlementunderthe
homestead and preemption laws.
Also, the petition of Levi Gray, Dr. John R.
Bailey, Major Leslie Smith, and 16 others, of
same vicinity, prayingthat an appropriation of
$2,000 be made for the purpose of erecting
adequate breakwaters at Mackinaw City, Michi-
gan.
Also, the petition of R. C. Hathaway, E. H.
Stanton, Daniel T. Fargo, J. M. Kidd, and 60
others, of Ionia county, Michigan, protesting
against the repeal of duties on lumber, and pray-
ing that the present duty on Canadian liimber
be retained.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of William
A. Friend and others, for legislation by Con-
gress to regulate the fisheries upon the coast
of the United States.
By Mr. HILL: The memorial of Hayward
A. Harvey, asking for a further extension of
patent for benefit of the heirs of Thomas N.
Harvey.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A
petition of sundry merchants, artisans, and
capitalists of New England, in favor of the
passage of the bill to revive the navigation
and commercial interests of the United States;
also the bill imposing tonnage duties, and for
other purposes.
By Mr. JOHNSON: Thememorialof George
Miller and others, distillers of brandy from
fruits.
Also, the memorial of F. T. Lansdale, of Cal-
ifornia, in regard to a certain piece of land at
Arcadia in that State.
Also, a memorial of citizens of California,
asking that provision be made for stamping
paper in that State.
By Mr. JUDD: The petition of Gilbert
Hubbard and others, of Chicago, Illinois, ask-
ing a law for the collection of claims against
domestic vessels.
Also, the petition of Isaac Rutshauser, asking
compensation for services rendered.
By Mr. M AYHAM: The petition of Maurice
Perkitft and others, of the city of Schenectady,
New York, asking the importation of pig lead
free of duty.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: The memorial of
John King, jr., on behalf of the Marietta and
Cincinnati Railroad Company, in favor of a
reduction of the tax 011 importation of iron
and steel rails.
By Mr. MORGAN: The petitiou of G. W.
Allen and numerous Others, citizens of Mus-
kingum county, Ohio, praying Congress to abol-
ish the national banks, issue $500,000,000
in greenbacks, nay off in greenbacks at par
$2*10,000,000 of' the five-twenty bonds, and
make greenbacks receivable for all dues, taxes,
and imposts payable to the Government.
Also, the petition of Ralph E. Shower, and
many others, citizens of Licking county, Ohio,
to the same effect.
Also, the petitiou of Daniel Starner and num-
erous others, citizens of Muskingum county,
Ohio, to tho same effect.
Also, tho petition of J. F. Pryor and 110
others, citizens of Ohio, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of A. B. Francis and others,
citizens of Ohio, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of H. J. Buxton and others,
citizens of Ohio, to tho same effect.
Also, the petition of William Thompson and
numerous others, citizens of Ohio, to the same
effect.
Also, tho petition of A. J. Hill and others,
citizens of Ohio, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of Richard Coburn and
others, citizens of Ohio, to the same cffect.
Also, the petition of it. N. Ray and others,
citizens of Ohio, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of John Walker atidothers,
citizens of Ohio, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of S. H. Schofield and
others, citizens of Ohio, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of E. D. Evert, of Ohio,
and others, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of W. H. Bullock and
others, citizens of Ohio, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of John Powell and
others, citizens of Ohio, to the same effect.
Also,-the petition A. J. Howlandand others,
citizens of Ohio, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of William Hartman and
others, citizens of Ohio, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of G. R. Cook, R. L. Baker,
and others, citizens of Ohio, to the same effect.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The memorial of Miss
A. li. Carroll, of Maryland, praying compensa-
tion for valuable service rendered to the United
States during the late rebellion.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of Captain William Fitch and others, citizens
of Groton, Connecticut, for reimbursement of
money.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 29, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. II. C. Daniels, of George-
town, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was rfcad and
approved.
1iods1s bills iieferr13d.
The following joint resolutions were sev-
erally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs:
A joint resolution (II. Ii. No. 215) author-
izing the supply of arms for instruction and
practice to certain colleges and universities;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 21-6) relative
to theChampaign County (Ohio) Blonumental
Association.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a memorial of
the National Board of Trade, adopted at its
annual meeting in December la3t, in the city
of Richmond, praying Congress for the estab-
lishment of a new department of the General
Government, to be known as the Department of
Commerce, to which shall be referred all ques-
tions connected with the foreign and domestic
trade and transportation of the country ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Beverly B. Botts, Rosalie S. Lewis, Isabella
McLane Lewis, and Mary Minor Hoxey, chil-
dren and heirs-at-law of the late Hon. John
Minor Botts, of Culpepper county, Virginia,
praying remuneration for property used and
destroyed by United States troops during the
late rebellion; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Sew-
all H. Fessenden, of Boston, and "William
Carleton, of Charlestown, Massachusetts, and
others, owners of the schooner William Carle-
ton, praying compensation for the loss of that
schooner and her cargo, caused by the steam
ram Stonewall, on the 23d of November, 1865;
which Was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of W.
Yates Sellock, praying compensation for ser-
vices as inspector of Government general hos-
pitals and military prisons in the department
of Washington in 1863-6-1; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. ABBOTT. I present the petition of the
Governor of North Carolina and many mem-
bers of tho Legislature cf that State, in behalf
of Wilberforce University, near Xenia, Ohio,
asking for an appropriation of $50,000 in aid
of that university. I move the referenceof
the petition to tho Committee on Education
and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of W.
B. Wellons, Nansemond county, Virginia ; of
Robert Cochran, Culpepper county, Virginia ;
of J. Burkholder, Virginia; of Thomas R.
Hills, Culpeper county, Virginia; of W. A.
Maupin, Virginia; of J. Hotchkiss, Augusta
county, Virginia ; of Francis M. McCraw, Car-
roll county, Virginia; of John J. Wade, Mont-
gomery county, Virginia ; of John W. Younger,
Montgomery county, Virginia; of Thomas Jef-
fries, Culpepper county,Virginia: ofL. Crymes,
jr., Lunenburg county, Virginia; of James
McTaylor, Rockbridge county, Virginia ; of
JosephW. Button,Culpepper county, Virginia ;
of A. G. Jeffress, Charlotte county, Virginia;
of II. T. Wartmann, Rockingham county, Vir-
ginia; of M. J. Zirkle, Rockingham county,
Virginia; of John W. Palmer, Rockingham
county, Virginia; of Charles G. Alexander,
King George county, Virginia; of Charles 1>.
Haydeil, Isle of Wight county, Virginia; of
William Ii. Bryan, Bath county, Virginia ; of
R. H. Isbel!, Henrico county, Virginia ; of
William F. Butler, Henrico county, Virginia:
of James M. Lilley, Staunton. Virginia ; of
John R. Miller, Virginia; of Alexander K.
Yancey and John J. "Winn, Albemarle count3",
Virginia; of Sterling S. Thornton, King Wil-
liam county, Virginia; of Joseph Y. Hardy,
Lunenburg county, Virginia; of William F.
Butler, Ilenrico county, Virgiuia; ofWiliia.n
P. Chastine, Halifax county, Virginia; of Rich-
ard H. Tuck, Halifax county, Virginia ; of O.
M. Winston, King William county, Virginia;
of W. H. Macon, New Kent county, Virgiuia;
of James M. Bradford, Shenandoah county,
Virginia; of Lorenzo Shaw, Augusta county,
Virginia; of William Chapman, Augusta
county, Virginia: of Warren T. McGabey,
Rockingham county, Virginia; of Samue!
Cootes, Rockingham county, Virginia; of James
A.King, Halifax county, Virginia ; of John
B. White, Aeeonjac county, Virginia; of John
J. Blackstone, Accomac county, Virginia ; and
of A. J. Brent, Virginia,_ praying for the
rem ova? of their political disabilities ; which
were referred to the select Committee on the-
Removal Political Disabilities.
