1320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL", of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 550) to incorporate the
National Union Savings-Bank of the District
of Columbia: which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. YATES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 130) for the relief of James
F. Joy; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
BANGOR CUST0M-TI0U8E.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
fietolted, That the Secretary tf the Treasury be
directed to furnish the Senate with an estimate to
construct a wharf or passage-way on each side of the
custom-hotise in Bangor, Maine,
artificial MMBS FOR SOLBlEltS.
Mr. WILSON.' I'move to take up the bill
to provide for furnishing artificial limbs to
disabled soldiers. I think it will take but a
moment to act upon it.
The motion was agreed to'; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (EL R. No.. 785) to provide for
furnishing artificial limbs to disabled soldiers.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the bill jvith amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
to strike out the proviso of the first section, as
follows:
Provided, That the soldier may, if he 10 elect,
receive instead of said limb or apparatus the money
value thereof, at the following rates, namely: for
artificial legs, 8 venty~iTe doltars; for arms, fifty
dollars; for feet, fifty dollars; for apparatus for
resection, fifty dollars.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have been advised that
there are some soldiers who have lost limbs
in the war who are not able to use artificial
limbs, and that a bill of this description pass-
ing would work to their prejudice.
: Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
that we have provided for that in the last
amendment, so that they can draw money.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Perhaps it would
be well to report the amendments, so as to
bring the matter entirely before the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope that will be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thequestion is
on the first amendment. The other amende
ments will be reported.
The Secretary read the next amendment,
which was to strike out the second section qi
the bill,, in the following words:
•_ Sbc. 2. And b* it further, enacted. That the Surgeon
General shall certify to the Commissioner of Pensions
a list of all soldiers who have elected to receive
money commutation instead of limbs or apparatus,
with the amount due to each; and the Commissioner
of Pensions shall cause the same to be paid to such
soldiers in the same manner as pensions are now
paid.
The fiekt amendment was to strike out in
the third section the words:
The benefits of this act, and Shall receive money
commutation as hereinbefore provided.
And to insert: • *
Receive the money value, thereof, at the following
rates, namely: for artificial legs, seventy-five dol-
lars; for arms, fifty dollars; for feet, fifty dollars;
for apparatus for resection, fifty dollars.
< So that the Section, if amended, will read:
Skc. 3. And be it farther enacted. That every soldier
who lost a limb during the late war, but from the
nature ofhis injury was not able to- use an artificial
limb, and consequently received none from the Gov-
ernment, shall be entitled to receive the money value
thereof, at the foil owing rates, namely : for artificial
legs, seventy-five dollars; for arms, fifty dollars; for
feet, fifty dollars; for apparatus for resection, fifty
dollars. ■ -
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
will be taken on the amendments together, if
there be no objection. The Chair hears no
objection.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr, PRATT. I move to amend this bill so
as to add an additional section, extending its
provisions to soldiers of the Mexican war who
lost their limbs. I see no reason why the
benefits of this bill should not be extended to
them.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows :
And be 9 farther enacted. That the provisions of
this bill shall be extended to soldiers of the Mexican
war who have lost litp.bs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to strike out that
part of the bill which provides for the payment
of money to soldiers in any case. I do not do
it because these poor people would not like the
money, nor because it might not be useful to
them; but from our experience in the Com-
mittee on Pensions we see every day cases
where people have not lost limbs, but where
they have been by the thousand injured in a
way that makes it just as bad; and the sub'
stance of this is to increase the pension of sol-
diers who have simply lost limbsr without
increasing the pensions of other soldiers who
have lost an eye, or who have had their backs
broken, or have received a thousand different
sorts of injury which are just as bad and just as
severe upon them as the loss of a limb is. I
have no objection to providing an artificial
lirab for a soldier who can use it. That is one
thing. If you can fix him up in that way I am
glad to do it; but when you go beyond that
and pay to a soldier who cannot use a limb,
and therefore does not want one, a sum of
money it is simply increasing bis pension; and
there is no just ground of distinction upon
which you can pay to a soldier who has lost a
limb a larger sum of money in proportion than
you can pay to a soldier who has lost an eye or
both eyes; so that I think in order to be just
wb ought to leave out the whole money pro-
vision.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
amendment is to strike out the third section.
The section will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows i
] Sbo. 3. And be it further enacted. That every soldier
who lost a limb during the late war, but from the
nature of his injury was notable to-use an artificial
limb, and consequently received none from the Gov-
ernment, shall be entitled to the benefits of this act,
and shall be -entitled to receive the money value
thereof, at the followingrates, namely : for artificial
legs, seventy-five dollars; for arms, fifty dollars; for
feet,' fifty dollars! for apparatus for resection, fifty
dollars. •
Mr. WILSON. I will-simply" say that there
area very few of these persons iti the country,
and the amodrit will be very small. It seems
to me that a man who has lost his limb ought
to have the consideration-of the Government.
This is only proposed for five years, and the
whole sum pf fifty dollars spread over five
years amounts to but very little, especially if
the person is so badly wounded thj^t he cannot
use his limb.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is all true; and
all of the wounded soldiers in the same
neighborhood or in the same hospital, who
have been injured just as bad or worse by
losing an eye or both eyes, or had their backs
broken, or were disabled in a thousand ways,
see him injured no Worse than they, and see
him receiving a bounty from the Government
which is denied them. That is the objection
to it. A soldier who has lost a limb and can-
not have an artificial one provided, is provided
for how, with all other disabled soldiers, by a
carefully-graded pension law that gives, him
from that fact a greater pension than a soldier
who is otherwise disabled, but not more so,
who has not lost a limb, and which provides J
for the loss of one eye and both eyes, and both
limbs, and other injuries equivalent. The effect
of this, therefore, is to make the great body
of pensioners, disabled soldiery, feel that on
account of circumstances over which they had
no control, there is an unjust and unfair dis-
crimination made against them; and it makes
everybody uneasy. It is not the amount—the
amount is not great—but it is not right; that
is the objection to it.
Mr. YATES. The argument of the Senator
from Vermont amounts to this, it' I understand
him, that unless we can relieve every real case
of suffering incurred during the war we shall
not relieve any. That is to say, if there can be
a single inequality pointed out in our appro-
priations, we must not make those appropri-
ations. It is utterly impossible in the nature
of things to have equality in this matter. We
should relieve those who are needy and suffer-
ing. Both these cases are needy, and they
should have relief; but the simple fact, that we
cannot appropriate to every other case, is no
objection to appropriating in this case.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would suggest to the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Pratt] that his
amendment needs some change in its phrase-
ology. He proposes to provide that soldiers
who lost their limbs in the Mexican war shall
have the benefit of the provisions of this act.
His amendment provides that any soldier who
was in the Mexican war who has lost a limb
shall have the benefit of the act. It might be
construed that if he lost a limb anywhere or at
any time he should have the benefit.
Mr. PRATT. I drew the amendment very
hurriedly at my desk. I accept the suggestion
of the Senator from Oregon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be reported as it now stands.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, as
modified, reads:
And be it further enacted, That all the provisions
of this act shall be extended to soldiers in the Mex-
ican war who have lost limbs in said war.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on striking out the third section.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope that section will not
be stricken out, for a single reason. If that
section remains, if I understand it aright, the
Government will deal alike at least by all who
occupy a similar position or come within a
single class. Those who have the ability to
wear the limbs will have them; those who have
not the ability will have the same contribution
from the Government that those get who do
wear the limbs; and you make, therefore, the
contribution from the Government equal. To
the one who is able to wear the limb, you con-
tribute in the specific thing; to the one who
is not able to wear it, you contribute to make
his pajf, or make the expenditure of the Gov-
ernment for him precisely the same, placing
them therefore upon an equality. I hope it
wilt not be stricken out.
Mr. CAMERON. I move, as an amend-
ment, that the provisions of the section be
extended to all the soldiers of the war of 1812.
There are a few of theta yet who lost their
limbs and never got ariv compensation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that Buch an amendment will properly
come in after this vote is taken on the pending
motion, as1 an amendment to the section of
the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. CAMERON. Could I not have it added
as an amendment to the section offered by the
Senator from Indiana?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not now
the question. The question now is on striking
oat the third section, which is a different prop-
osition; It will be in order after that is decidea.
Mi. CAMERON. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT, Thequestion is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont; to strike out the third section.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr; CAMERON. I move to amend by
adding to the section of the Senator from In-
diana, the words "and the surviving soldiers
of the war of 1812 who lost limbs under sim-
ilar circumstances."
* I am very sorry that the Committee on Pen-
sions the other day failed to report favorably
to the proposition to grant a pension in favor
of all the soldiers of the war of 1812. Those
meritorious people have become very tew
