8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
General for authority to change the rate of
compensation to the main-trunk railroad lines
for tbeir services in carrying the mails; for
having post-route maps executed; for reor-
ganizing and increasing the efficiency .of the
special agency service; for increase of the
mail service on the Pacific, and for establish-
ing mail service under the flag of the Union
ou the Atlantic; and most especially do I call
your attention to his recommendation for the
total abolition' of the franking privilege. This
is an abuse from which no one receives a com-
mensurate advantage; it reduces the receipts
for postal service from twenty-five" to thirty
per cent, and largely increases the service to
be performed. The method by which postage
should be paid upon public matter is set forth
fully in the report of the Postma'ster General.
The report of the Secretary of the Interior
shows that the' quantity of public lands dis-
posed of during the year ending the 30th of
June, 1869, was 7,666,152 acres, exceeding
that of the preceding year by 1,010,409 acres.
Of this amount 2,899,544 acres were sold for
cash, and 2,737,3(35 acres entered under the
homestead laws. The remainder was granted
to aid in the construction of works of internal
improvement, approved to the States as swamp
land, and located with warrants and scrip.
The cash receipts from all sources were
§4,472,886, exceeding those of the preceding
year $2,840,140.
During the last fiscal year 23,196 names
were added to the pension-rolls and 4,876
dropped therefrom, leaving at its close 187,963.
The amount paid to pensioners, including
the compensation of disbursing agents, was
328,422,884; an increase of $4,411,902 on that
of the previous year. The munificence of
Congress has been conspicuously manifested in
its legislation for the soldiers and sailors who
suffered in the recent struggle to maintain
"that unify of government which makes us
one people." The additions to the pension-
rolls of each successive year since the con-
clusion of hostilities result in a great degree
from the repeated amendments of the act of
the 14th of July, 1862, which extended its
provisions to cases not falling within its original
scope. The large outlay which is thus occa-
sioned is further increased by the more liberal
allowance bestowed since that date upon those
who in the line of duty were wholly or perma-
nently disabled.
Public opinion has given an emphatic sanc-
tion to these measures of Congress, and it will
be conceded that no part of our public burden
is more cheerfully borne than that which is
imposed by this branch of the service. It ne-
cessitates for the next fiscal year, in addition
to the amount justly chargeable to the naval
pension fund, an appropriation of $30,000,000.
During the year ending the 30th of Septem-
ber, 1869, the Patent Office issued 13,762 pat-
ents, and its receipts were $686,389, being
$213,926 more than the expenditures.
I would respectfully call your attention to the
recommendation of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior for uniting the duties of supervising the
education of freedmen with the other duties de
volving_upon the Commissioner of Education.
If it is the desire of Congress to make the
census which must be taken during the year
1870 more complete and perfect than hereto-
fore I would suggest early action upon any
plan that may be agreed upon.
As Congress at the last session appointed
a committee to take into consideration such
measures as might be deemed proper in refer-
ence to the census, and to report a plan, I desist
from saying more.
_ I recommend to your favorable considera-
tion the "claims of the Agricultural Bureau for
liberal appropriations. In a country so diversi-
fied m climate and soil as ours, and with a pop-
ulation so largely dependent upon agriculture,
the benefits that can be conferred by properly
fostering this bureau are incalculable.
I desire respectfully to call the attention of
Congress to the inadequate salaries of a num-
ber of the most important officers of the Gov-
ernment. In this message I will not enumer-
ate them, but will specify only the justices of
the Supreme Court. No change has been made
in their salaries for fifteen years.
Within that time the labors of the court
have largely "increased, and the expenses of
living have at least doubled: During the same
time Congress has twice found it necessary to
increase largely the compensation of its own
members; and the duty which it owes to another
department of the Government deserves, and
will undoubtedly receive, its due considera-
tion.
There are many subjects not alluded to in
this message which might with propriety be
introduced; but I abstain, believing that your
patriotism and statesmanship will suggest the
topics and the legislation most conducive to the
interests of the whole people. On my part I
promise a rigid adherence to the laws and their
strict enforcement.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion,
Washington", D. C., December 6, 1869,
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the message
be printed and lie on the table.
I he motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that ten thou-
sand extra copies be printed. That motion
will of course go to the Committee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will
be referred, under the law, to the Committee
on Printing when one shall be constituted by
the Senate.
uxbcutive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate, accompanying the President's annual
message, the annual reports of the Secretary
of War, the Secretary of the Navy, and the
Postmaster General; the opinions and award
of the commissioners appointed to adjudicate
on the rights of the Hudson Bay and Puget
Sound Agricultural Company, and the docu-
ments and correspondence in regard to the
French cable; which were ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before
the Senate the annual report of the Secretary
of the Treasury on the state of the finances;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
state op georgia.
Mr. MORTON. I now call for the consid-
eration of the resolution which I offered this
morning.
Mr. CONKLING. I would like to inquire
whether there are any executive messages on
the table?
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. There are large
numbers of executive communications on the
table, received from the President with his
annual message.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I would
suggest to the Senator whether that had not
better be postponed until after the constitution
of the committees. The Senator must be aware
that no reference can be made until the com-
mittees are appointed.
Mr. SHERMAN. We had better hear the
nominations.
Mr. SUMNER. We shall not get ahead by
going into executive session.
Mr. CONKLING. I withdraw my motion
for one moment at the request of the Senator
from Indiana, although I shall renew it.
Mr. MORTON. 1 ask for the consideration
of the resolution offered by me this morning
calling for certain information.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. There is a reso-
lution on the table offered by the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Moiiton] which was laid over
informally. It will be reported by the Secre-
tary. The Chair is informed that it was sent
to the office of the Secretary, and is not now
at the desk.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We understand what
it is. I am sure there will be no objection to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is it about?
The TICB PRESIDENT. It is a resolu-
tion calling for the report of the military com-
mander in Georgia. If there be no objection
the Chair will take the sense of the Senate
upon it without sending for it to be read.
The resolution was adopted. It is as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senater tho re-
ports of the military commander of the distriot of
which Georgia is apart, in regard to the civil and
political condition of the State of Georgia, if in his -
opinion not incompatible with the public interest.
executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
offered by the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] in regard to the compensation of
certain Senators is now before the Senate as
unfinished business.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, after a remark,
I will renew my motion. I wish to say, in
answer to the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, that what disposition the Senate
may make of the messages in executive session
will be a question for consideration then. Very
likely the Senate will adjourn when they shall
have been read; but, for the present, I renew
my motion that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-six,
noes not counted.
After some time spent in the consideration
of executive business the doors were reopened,
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 6, 1869.
In conformity to the Constitution and the laws,
the Forty-First Congress of the United States
of America convened this day in its second
session. At twelve o'clock m. Hon. James
G. Blaine, Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives, a member from the State of Maine,
called the House to order.
Rev. John G. Butleb, the Chaplain, offered
prayer, as follows:
Great God, our Creator, Preserver, and Re-
deemer, the governor of the world, our king,
we acknowledge Thee and bless the kind hand
that has defended us during our separation
and the mercy that brings us together again in
health and peace, our lives crowned with loving
kindness. We ask Thy blessing, O God, on us
as we enter anew upon the honorable and tried
and responsible duties of this session.
We thank Thee for Tliy goodness toward us
as individuals, as families, and as a nation.
Oh, do Thou be our king, reigning in the heart
of Thy servant the President of the United
States and those associated with him in council.
Give our Senators wisdom. Grant unto us just
and equal laws enacted by those who fear God
and hate covetousness. Let Thy blessing, O
Lord, rest upon these Thy servants, and give
them grace that they may govern their own
hearts, and that they may be enabled to dis-
charge their duties in Thy fear and with a wise
reference to the interest of this great and grow-
ing and Heaven-blessed land. Dispose the
hearts and minds of the people everywhere to
obedience and righteousness and to the fear
of God, that we may enjoy a perpetual peace.
Extend, we entreat Thee, the blessings we en-
joy to all the nations of the earth, and hasten
the time when every knee shall bow and every
tongue confess that Christ is Lord, to the glory
of God the Father. These mercies we ask, with
the forgiveness of all our sins, in the name and
for the sake of Jesus, who hath taught us to pray,
our Father, who art m heaven, hallowed be
Thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be
done on earth as it is in heaven. Give us
this day our daily bread, and forgive us our
trespasses as we forgive those who trespass
