5096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July I,
national debt. Now, I do not accept that idea.
I think that a mistake has been made in under-
taking to pay off so much of the national debt;
and 1 think, if he will pardon me for saying so,
that the Senator from Ohio is a little under
that same delusion. He wishes to pay off the
national debt too promptly. Sir, the national
debt will be paid off, and there is no need of
oar burdening the people meanwhile.^
I go back, therefore, to the remark with which
I began, that I have inquired of persons who
arc as competent to testify on the matter as tho
Secretary of the Treasury—I will not give_ the
names; but if I mentioned them to my friend
from Ohio I know he would agree with me that
the persons I refer to (and I refer to two, with
whom I conferred only last evening) would be
considered the best experts in Washington on
this very question—and they assure me that
there is no need of the tax on income or on
gross receipts. Therefore, I do not agree with
my friend from Rhode Island that we must have
one or the other. We need not have either.
Mr. NYE. I do not know what right my
friend from Massachusetts has to get informa-
tion except through official sources to be relied
on in the "Senate. I stand up for the Secretary
Irora his own State, whom he seems to discard ;
I vindicate his policy. But here is a fact that
T have not heard mentioned yet: a good many
of these corporations have had additional com-
pensation in view of the tax thejr pay on gross
receipts. A year or two ago this fact occurred:
the New York Central Railroad Company divi-
ded all that the law would allow them to divide,
ten per cent, dividend, and then made an extra
dividend of one hundred and six per cent, in
scrip, and the Legislature last winter incor-
porated it into tho stock.
Sir. SHERMAN. That is income, and we
have left off the tax on it.
Mr. NYE. That may be; but that shows
that these corporations are not poor, and they
can better pay on their gross receipts than
individuals can on their income. We are told
here every day that these corporations are great
monopolies; and when I vote to give land-to
a railroad my friend from Ohio [Mr. Tiiurman]
cries "monopoly!" till I am almost ashamed
of myself. Yet there seems to be a disposition,
after all, on the other side of the House to
save these monopolies. Wo have got to have
income from some source, and if we are to
cut off both these taxes, I shall vote then for
the income tax.
Mr. THURMAN. So far from this gross
receipt tax being a tax on the great corpora-
tions, and therefore injurious to monopolies, it
is a tax on the people; and the fact is that it
is a benefit to the most of those corporations,
for when the tax on them is only a fraction of
a cent they are allowed to put on the price of
transportation a full cent. There have been in
this city agents of street railroad companies of
the city of Philadelphia urging that this gross
receipt tax shall not be taken off, because they
pay only a fraction of a cent and charge each
passenger a full cent additional. If you will
look at the law you will find that every single
dollar of that gross receipt tax you levy upon
them they are authorized to put upon the pas-
sengers. It is a tax, therefore, upon thcpeople,
and a tax on tho people a large portion of
which goes to the companies and does not go
to the Government at all.
In addition to that there is an objection to
it in my mind which I am not satisfied can be
overcome. A company is limited by its State
charter to a certain charge, and you authorize
it by your law to add to that charge, and there-
fore to increase the price beyond what the
charter allows it to take for transportation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire
of roy friend, in all candor, whether he thinks,
taking his illustration of railways, that if we
take off the tax on gross receipts the price of
railroad tickets will be reduced to the people ?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir ; I heard the
Senator say to-day that they would not do it;
but I have a firm belief that wherever you take
off taxation you lessen prices. The Senator's
suggestion is an argument for keeping up all
the taxes. No, sir ; justas you lessen the cost
to a person who has goods to sell or services
to render, just so certainly will the price come
down. If it does not come down at first it
will in the end.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is true where there
is open competition. If everybody could have
a railroad wherever he chose, instead of its
being a monopoly of a particular line, as it
always is, although there are great competing
points, you might possibly get a reduction on
some railroad. When we get a great southern
and northern line to California it may be that
when this tax comes off we may get the prices
down; but taking the great mass of railroad
corporations their profits are derived out of
local traffic and local business, and everybody
knows it that the chief profit is derived from
that. That being the case, it is, as respects
local business, necessarily a monopoly, and it
being so the companies will not lower their
prices a penny.
Mr. THURMAN. There never was a greater
mistake in the world. I could give my friend
an illustration of it in Ohio, where a railroad
has no competition, and yet where the clamor
of the people has compelled that railroad to
take only about two thirds of the fares that the
statute authorized it to take.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They thought they could
make more by it.
Mr. THURMAN. Itwillnotdo. No com-
pany can live in this country that makes extor-
tionate charges, and if you take off the tax on
gross receipts there is not one of these com-
panies that will dare to keep up its present
prices.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Ohio
is right in this particular, that the street rail-
ways, the horse railways, have taken advantage
of this tax to put a cent more on their charges.
It does not interfere with other railways at all;
but in regard to the horse railways it does;
and in the cities of Philadelphia and New York.
and various other great cities, it is a large
amount. I think it is a much more onerous
tax than any tax paid by the great railroads
of the country, and I agree witii the Senator
from Ohio for that reason.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Frequent allusion has
been made to the tax on gross receipts by the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edsiukds,] as
though it was a tax altogether on lotteries and
great corporations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not say "altogether."
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is a tax "on every per-
son, firm, company, or corporation;" ataxon
individuals, a tax on partnerships, a tax on
corporations " who are engaged" in the busi-
nesses specified or own "any railroad, canal,
steamboat, ship, barge, canal boat, or other
vessel, or any stage-coach or other vehicle,
except'hacks," &e. So that it is a tax im-
posed on the traveling public, imposed as much
on private persons, on private partnerships,
as upon corporations ; and it seems to me that
it is a fallacious argument to say that when this
taxis removed the fare of travelers will not be
reduced. You might as well argue that it was
unnecessary to remove the tax on sugar; for
if the tax is removed on sugar, according to
the argument of the Senator from Vermont the
consumers will not obtain it for any less price,
because the dealers in sugar will continue to
charge what they do now. That is an argu-
ment which cannot be offered in this case any
more than in any other case where a proposi-
tion is made to remove a tax for tho purpose
of reducing an article to the consumer. As
has been stated here, the law provides that
these persons may add to the ordinary fare this
tax:
" And whenever tho addition to any fare shall
amount only to a fraction of one cent, auy person or
company liable to the tax of two and a half per cont.
may add to such fare one cent in lieu of such frac-
tion ; and such person or company shall keep for
sale at convenient points tickets in packages of
twenty and multiples of twenty, to the price of
wliich only an amount equal to the revenue tax shall
be added."
That is where the horse railroads make so
much money, and that is why they evince such
a deep interest in keeping up this tax on gross
receipts. Ordinarily, a man would suppose
that these companies would be anxious to have
a tax on their gross receipts removed, but they
insist that it shall remain because they are
enabled to charge more than the law allows
them now in the States where these .railroads
exist, and in that way their profits are greatly
enhanced ; and I say, as I said to-day, that in
my opinion there is no tax more iniquitous
than a tax upon gross receipts which does not
in any way take into account the losses of any
individual, or company, or corporation who
may be engaged in business; but everything
that is received is taxed without reference to
losses. I say it is a tax upon incomes, and if
we undertake to tax incomes the right way to
tax them is to tax the gain and profit of each
individual, company, and corporation.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, there is
an old fable, the moral of which was that the
empty traveler sings before the robber. There
was a time when there was a distinction be-
tween the plus and the minus quantities. There
was a time when it was admitted that the sov-
ereign power of taxation could be exercised
over property, and that only; but during the
war and from the necessities of the war the
Government found it expedient, after taxing
all property, to tax incomes. The Govern-
ment taxed all corporations, as well as indi-
viduals, upon incomes; and after taxing their
incomes they then taxed them on their gross
receipts.
I listened to-day to the Senator from Ver-
mont when he argued that question entirely as
if this was a tax upon the net profits of the
companies. If that were so I should not rise
in my place to oppose it. I agree entirely with
the Senator from Oregon, that we must not
look at this as a tax on great corporations who
are making large sums of money, and who can
afford to be taxed on their net proceeds. It is
not that at all. On the contrary, it is a tax-
ation on an institution which may receive
$10,000 a year and pay out $12,000, and go
about the country begging for the other $2,000;
and from such institution, with no incomejyou
take a portion of their gross receipts—ot the
$10,000. NoPsir; it is a tax upon bankruptcy.
It is in effect saying to the insolvent, who have
not got the money to pay their honest debts; to
corporations, who cannot pay their employes,
that the Government will take that money which
they owe justly and which is due by contract
and put it in the Treasury of the United States.
It is authorizing and commanding such insti-
tutions, if they are insolvent and unable to pay,
to go and gather up this money unjustly and
bring it to your coffers. It is no tax at all; it
is not a proper subject of taxation and never
was. It is a command to make bricks with-
out straw. I said on a previous occasion that
the income tax was unsound in principle, in
that it only considered receipts without taking
into the account the necessary outlay. Now,
as the net profits are also taxed, this tax is
founded on the dishonest principle that the
Government will oblige a citizen to give them
what is only in his possession as a trustee, is
not his property.
Mr. President, I am perfectly willing to main-
tain all tho taxation that is necessary for this
Government; but this bill purports to be abill
for the purpose of reducing taxation, and we
are told upon this floor by the Senator from
Illinois, by the Senator from Massachusetts,
and by other gentlemen who have examined
this question, that it is unnecessary to force at
this time upon our people, already so heavily
burdened, either of these offensive and inquis-
itorial methods of taxation, methods question-
able at the time, but perhaps justified by the
