4152
€0TORE&SI0¥1.L GLOBE.
June 6,
surro.unded by your enemies and theirs, they
constantly and uniformly, by wor4 of jno.uth,
by speech, testified their lov.e for the Union
and their loyalty to the flag. If the Senator
demands mor.e of ,the,m uO>der such circum-
stances he demands y>h«t I will not demand.
That was my reason for employing this lan-
guage. I offer it as .my poor apology for insert-
ing it.
But if my astute friend from Vermont or my
learned friend from .Nevada thinks .the Union
would bs safer or the Treasury j .ore secure by
f striking out those words and letting the bill
stand upon the general terms of the act of
1866, I do not propose to r.esist that .amend-
ment ; let it be done. I simply know that the
Treasury will not be as safe. So much for that.
Two .or three other things have been said.
Senators say that if you authorize an investi-
gation as to the amount of property taken for
quartermaster stores and commissary stores
it is to be followed by a bill to pay for all the
ravages of the war. It may b.e so. I have not
looked into the future. I do not know what
will come hereafter. I make no pledges against
or for any such proposition. I simply say that
no such bill is here. When such a bill comes
to you let us hear what you have to urge against
it. This bill, I repeat once more, is to pay for
property which the Army have taken for the
use of the United States. Sow much have they
taken? Idonotknow. Two hundred million
dollars, says the Senator from Nevada. I do
not know that it is not $200,000,000. If it
were §2,000,000,000, does the- Senator from
Nevada mean to stand up before anhonest con-
stituency and say he would refuse to pay an
honest debt because it was so big that he could
not cope with it? Nay; does he mean to stand
up and tell the people of'the United States that
we have plundered—no, I will not use that
word—that we have taken from that handful
of loyal men in these nine States more property
than the great Republic can pay for ? Have
we done that? Then let us'perish in the effort
to do the best justice we can.
But we cannot tell, say Senators, what are
and what are not commissary stores. There
is nothing in this objection, let me say to Sen-
ators. Take the march of Sherman to the sea.
"Who made that march? I do not know; but
in the office of the Quartermaster General, in
the office of- the Commissary General, in the
office of the Third- Auditor of the Treasury
Department, they know the men who made
that march. Every command is numbered;
and your laws specify just what stores the
quartermasters and the commissaries were
authorized to issue. Every regiment muster-
ing so many men was entitled to so many ra-
tions. So many horses were entitled to such
and such forage; you know, the laws tell you,
how much to each man and to each beast;
and your records tell you how many men and
how many beasts there were. Very well. They
roust have so much forage; they must have so
mijch beef and so much meal. They got it, or
they could not have gone to the sea, with all
the pluck and all the gallantry that animated
that command. They must have had it. If
they took it from a friend of the Union op the
road, can you not as well afford to pay that
friend of the Union there as if it had been
taken from a loyq,l citizen of Massachusetts
and shipped to them on the march? That is
all there is of it.
But then, it is said, the sum is so enormous.
I cannot speak to such an objection as that
without blushing. If you will excuse the blush,
let me say in reply to it that there is not a
pq.rticle of foundation for any such proposition.
[ do not know, I admit, how much it would
come to; but ever since 1864 your Quarter-
master General and your Commissary General
have been auditing just such claims as these
throughout all the Union, except the States
named in the bill and the States of Tennessee
iiml \V(-::t Virginia; and since 1800 they have
btt-u auditing just such claims in West Viigiuia
and in Tennessee. Now, sir, how many thou-
sand millions do you suppose^they have paid
for .quartermaster and commissary stores-in
.all the Union aside from these.States? -I do
not know; but I will tell you how many thou-
sand millions had been paid up to the date. I
.will give you up to January 27, 1869, by the
Quartermaster .General. I have not the report
of the Commissary General before me ; but I
have seen it repeatedly. It is laid on your
desks every year. It is very much less, my
recollection is not a quarter of the amount
paid by the Quartermaster General. Up to the
27th of January, 1869, in all the Union, recol-
lect, including Tennessee and including West
Virginia, there had been presented by the
Quartermaster General claims amounting to
$28,423,450 S3.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In what States ?
Mr. HOWE. In what .States ? asks the Sen-
ator from Vermont. I say again, all the States
of the Union except the States named in this
bill; and .of those claims there had been re-
jected or suspended forty-seven thousand and
eight, amounting in the aggregate to $23,494,-
042 12. There were then claims awaiting ac-
tion amounting to $1,182,605 86. There had
been allowed §3,760,088 15. Less than four
million dollars had been allowed in the Quar-
termaster .General's bureau in all the Union
except these States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Except what States?
Mr. HOWE. Except the States named in
this bill. Now, Mr. President, who that knows
Tennessee, who that knows what her popula-
tion was, who that knows she had a larger per
cent, of loyal people within her limits than any
one of the States named in this bill, and who
that knows that that State was swept from one
end to the other repeatedly by both armies, is
not prepared,to believe that there was more
property taken for the use of the Quarter-
master General's and Commissary General's
departments in that one State than in all the
States named in this bill?
But, sir, recollect the law under which these
officers have been acting was a law which only
allowed them to audit claims for quartermaster
stores and for commissary stores. There were
a great many other claims arising in the pro-
gress of the war which are outside of their
jurisdiction; burned cities, for instance; houses
destroyed, and all that. The State of Ten-
nessee has been making a little investigation
into that matter. The commissioner appointed
was selected by the State, not by the General
Government. The commissioner appointed by
the State was to judge of who was loyal and
who was disloyal, and he was authorized to
report the amount of claims for other than
quartermaster stores in that great State, arising
out of the conduct both of the national forces
and the rebel forces. How many thousands of
millions do you suppose that commissioner
■faiade up against the United States ? He made
his report about one year ago, and the amount
he reported against the General Government
was §1,955,822 37.
The Quartermaster General will fmd them
all loyal, says the Senator from Nevada; and
the sentiment is echoed by Senators all about
him, Oh, there is no difference between a
loyal man and a rebel now in the judgment of
the Quartermaster General and the Commis-
sary General!" How was it with the Tennessee
commissioner? Did he find them all loyal?
Is there any man here who does not know that
his judgment as to the political sentiments of
his neighbors would be as favorable as that of
these officers, among the highest officers of the
Government? But what did he say ? He charged
to the account of the national forces less than
two million dollars, and he charged to the rebel
forces $4,447,048 24.
Mr. NYE. I ask the honorable Senator if
he . can see any difference between the obli-
gation to pay for quartermaster stores and
the obligation to pay for any other property
[ destroyed?
Mr. HOWE. The Senator asks me if I can
see a<ny difference -between the obligation to
pay for quartermaster stores and for property
destroyed. Yes, sir; I see a very palpable
difference, a very plain difference. ^ When you
take meat or meal for .your soldiers -to eat,
which you were bonnd to famish them, it saves
SO much money to your Treasury ; but if you
burn st house down it does no good to you; it
is so much property obliterated •; yon have not
got the 'benefit"of ft. There is a strong equity
in one ease that does hot exist in the other.
But I do not mean to say thatl stand upon any
such distinction as that. Mr". President, if I
ever stand here and give a vote against making
good every friend of yours whose property you
havo taken for your good, may' the Capitol
tumble upon my head—as soon as all the rest
of you have got out of it. £Laughter.] Why
should we not -make them good? They have
not paid any taxes, say my eloquent friends
about rae. I have not examined their tax
receipts. I do not know what they did do in
the way of paying taxes. You levied a direct
tax, and some States -have paid it, I under-
stand, and some have not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Which one of these States
paid it 1
Mr. HOWE. I do not know that any of
these States did pay it: I do not remember.
I suppose they will pay it. But whether they
did or not, we have paid that direct tax in our
State, and I suppose they have paid it in Ver-
mont and Nevada. It does not exist now, but
that indebtedness stands against these States,
and is to be settled in some way. I take it
there is no doubt about that. Sir, is it in the
Senate of the United States that this consid-
eration is urged? The Government has gone
to a man, your friend, taken his stock, taken
his meal, gone into his cellar and taken his
meat for the feed of your soldiers, for the sup-
port of your troops and your horses, and he
asks you to pay the value of it. and yon turn
around and sav he has not paid taxes.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is a good offset.
Mr. HOWE. That is a good offset, says
my eminently just friend. Why, sir, how much
have he and I paid in the way of taxes? We
paid whatever was assessed xm our real estate,
and we have paid something on all the whisky we
have drank since that tax was imposed, i sup-
pose these fellows, so far 03 they were ine'eded
within the rebel lines, did not pay any of those
taxes; bat then they did not get any of the
whisky. [Laughter.] If you set up this claim
now that they must, pay the tax, ought you not
in justice furnish them the whisky ? You have
paid taxes, I suppose, because you have been
consuming articles which were taxed ; but you
would not let these articles go to those districts
which were included within the rebel lines; but
then these claims do not all come, nor a ma-
jority of them, from claimants who were within
the rebel lines, but ffom those who are within
the States outside of the rebel lines, under your
flag, under your protection, under your laws,
consumingyour commodities,paying your taxes
as regularly as you paid them yourselves.
What is the other objection ? Why, sir, they
are to be charged in the account with the sav-
ing of the Union ; it is an ample compensation
for all the property we have robbed them of
that we have left them the Union 1 It is, eh ?
That you have furnished them that beneficent
Government which plunders them ! That you
have taken your flag down there, and when
planted by their sweat and their toil and their
valor you have laid them open to be despoiled
by your authority! The Senator from Nevada
talks to the American Senate as if when wo
had carried the flag dowu there and hadstripped
the poor wretch who had prayed and toiled <0
get, it there of every dollar ho possessed he
was expected to fall- on his knees and thank
God that the nation was saved; that the temple
was saved: the temple on whose altars he sac-
rificed. Sir, this is a fine Government; Hike
this Union ; I think I glory in this flag; but
