1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1321
indeed. It is so long since they rendered their
services that those services seem to have been
forgotten. I remember that when soldiers were
called out for the war of 1812 they furnished
ail their own clothing. Their blankets, their
knapsacks, and every other article which was
necessary for their comfort they furnished out
of their own funds or the funds of their friends.
None of them got any pension from this Gov-
ernment, and I am very sorry, indeed, that the
committee the other day did not see proper to
provide one for them. I trust now that this
little recognition of their services may meet
with a favorable reception at the hands of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
ot' the Senator from Pennsylvania is to add to
the last section of the bill the words "and to
such soldiers as lost limbs in the war of 1812."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the bill
by inserting, at the appropriate place in the
money section, " and this section shall extend
to and provide for till soldiers who are other-
wise disabled to an extent equivalent to the
loss of such limb so that we shall have jus-
tice and equality among all the soldiers. 1 am
sure the Senator from Massachusetts, who
wants justice and equality, will not object to
that.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would introduce
into this bill an element of uncertainty. I
hope, therefore, the amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will say, in answer to
the suggestion of the Senator from Ohio, that
the section already provides, as I understand
it, that this question of giving money to sol-
diers who do not take the artificial limbs is to
be determined on the same principle that the
right to a pension is determined ; and if that
be so, if that is in the section, this question
of analogous disability will be determined in
the same manner. The pension laws provide
for all that. If on reading the section it turns
out not to be so, then I will suggest that this
be determined by the Commissioner of Pen-
sions.
Mr. SHERMAN. The difficulty is this: if
a man loses his limb that is a physical defect
any body can see ; there is no difficulty in getting
proof of it; but the proposition of the Senator
from Vermont would make it very difficult
indeed. An injury to the spine might be con-
sidered equivalent to the loss of a limb, but
that would be a difficult question. It could
only be determined by testimony, and would
introduce an element of uncertainty into this
bill that would defeat the object. I vote with
the Senator from Vermont because I think the
bill goes far enough in supplying a limb ; but
still, to adopt his amendment now would be to
make this a very uncertain bill and give rise
to a multitude of ciatma gotten up by claim
agents and supported, perhaps, by doubtful
testimony, and would make it very difficult,
indeed, to execute. That is my objection.
The VJCE PRESIDEN T. The amendment
of the Senator from Vermont will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is as
follows:
And this section shall extend to and provide for
all (soldiers who were otherwise disabled in actual
service to an extent equivalent to the loss of such
limbs, to be determined by tlie Commissioner of
J. ensiuns.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I admit the force of what
the Senator from Ohio says, but it applies to
the whole subject. If we owe anything to the
soldiers it is fair play and equality among those
who have suffered to a like extent. The pension
laws have always proceeded upon that principle.
I hold in my hand now the last, pension law,
which after enumerating how much shall be
paid for thelossof a hand, afoot, or both hands,
or both feet, or an eye, &c., then provides fur-
ther: '' to any such as shall be otherwise so dis-
aoiedastobe incapacitated for performing any
manual labor, but not so much so as to require
personal aid and attention," so much; " to all
persons who under like circumstances shall
nave lost one hand or one foot,'' so much; " or
otherwise so disabled as to render them incom-
petent to perform manual labor," so much.
Then there is another section which provides
for other equivalent disabilities. Of course
it ia a matter of uncertainty. It has to be de-
termined, like all surgical and medical ques-
tions, by skillful persons, under the authority of
the Commissioner of Pensions. Those persons
are appointed by the Pension Office in every dis-
trict of the country. They see the soldiers every
three months. So that while there is an element
of uncertainty in my amendment it is only that
uncertainty which inheres in the nature of the
case. While I would not extend this bill to these
cases, I would extend it to them if I did to the
other cases; otherwise you do an injustice.
The man who has lost both eyes or has had his
back broken so that he ia perfectly helpless—
and there are such cases—ia just as much in
need of the enlarged bounty of the Govern-
ment—for it is nothing else—as those soldiers
who have lost a limb and yet do not need an
artificial one.
Mr. CONKLING. Is " equivalent disabil-
ity" a phrase in the statute now?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know that the
word " equivalent" is there, but that is the
meaning.
Mr. YATES. If the Senator desires that
provision should be made for persons who
have lost one or both eyes, I shall vote for his
amendment. I shall vote for it with pleasure.
I was once in the Legislature of Illinois advo-
catingtlie passage of a bill establishing asylums
for the blind, deaf and dumb, and insane, and I
was met with amendments to have institutions
for one-eyed men and for lame men and for
men with all sorts of diseases. Those were
objects of charity, and the Legislature might
well have made an appropriation for such per-
sons. My argument is that we should provide
for those that we can. Let us go as far as the
finances of the Government and the money of
this nation will allow to provide for those who
have lost their limbs in defense of our country
and its institutions. I would not go too far;
I would not go beyond the means and ability
and resources of the Government. We must be
an economical Government; we must sustain
our credit at home and abroad; but we must,
to the very extent of our ability, as far as we
can within the limits of a just economy and
the preservation of our national credit, extend
the means of livelihood and support to those
men who have suffered so much and achieved
so much for the glory and honor and existence
of this country. Congress cannot do a better
thing. This Senate and House of Representa-
tives cannot do a better thing than not only to
.provide for these soldiers, but to provide liber-
ally for the education of the orphan children
of all who have died in this glorious war for
their country.
Mr. President, I did not rise to make this
argument. I do not wish to load this bill down
with too many and too liberal provisions. I
wish to consult economy as well as justice and
expediency ; and I do not think that amend-
ments should be made extending the bill too
far, on the argument that we are discriminating
for one class of soldiers or another.
Mr. THAYER. I infer from the fact that
the Senator from Vermont has offered this
amendment that he is in favor of it. I would
suggest to him, therefore, to mature a bill,
taking a little more time for deliberation; and
I should like to inquire why he has delayed
it thus long ? If he is in favor of the principle
why has he not brought it to our attention
before ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the honorable Senator
from Nebraska had done me the honor to
listen to me since this debate began he would
have found out.
Mr. THAYER. I was trying to understand
my friend; but he sometimes speaks in so low
a tone of voice that it is impossible for me,
where I sit, to hear him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I stated, when I moved
to strike out this third section, that I did so
because it produced an inequality and injus-
tice among soldiers who had suffered equally,
although from wounds and disabilities of a little
different nature ; that it was therefore unjust to
give money to one soldier who had suffered no
more than another, to whom you did not give
it when the present pension laws put them all
on an equality, as far as itis possible to devise
a law that will do so. The Senate thought
otherwise and determined that they would make
this advance to this class of people who can-
not wear wooden legs, while they were provid-
ing wooden legs for others. That being done, I
thought it right and just, and I think so still,
following out the action of the Senate, to give
the same bounty to other soldiers who have
suffered just as much ; and I am sure that will
commend itself to the good sense and justice
of my friend from Nebraska. I am perfectly
sincere about it.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from Vermont
is a man of too quick perception not to per-
ceive that there is a wide difference between
the class of persons referred to by this section
of the bill and those referred to by his amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not perceive it.
Mr. THAYER. This bill refers to a dis-
tinctive class. There is something tangible in
it; they bear the marks about their person, the
loss of limbs. That is a circumstance evident
to the eye. The amendment embraces a large
class of persons in reference to whom you have
got to determine by certain modes as to their
disability. How it shall be done, what kind
of disability it shall be, and how much of it,
is not presented. I will say to the Senator
from Vermont that if he will mature a bill
having that view I shall then give it a fair con-
sideration.
This bill proposes to give artificial limbs to
those who can wear them, and to those who
cannot an equivalent in money. Those who
cannot wear them are in a far worse condition
than those who can. They are less capacitated
for business or for labor than those who can
wear artificial limbs. It is therefore but just
to place them on the same footing and give
them the same bounty of the Government, and
in so doiug you give them not a pittance even
to make up for the great loss which they have
sustained. I hope the section will not be
stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ia
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont, to add to the third section the
words, " and this section shall extend to and
provide for all soldiers who were otherwise
disabled in actual service to an extent equiva-
lent to the loss of such limbs, to be determined
by the Commissioner of Pensions."
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 16, noes 27.
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. The more I reflect upon
this the more I am convinced that the motion
made by the Senator from Vermont originally,
to strike out this third section, is a wise one.
Now let me illustrate for a moment. If you
adopt the amendment proposed by him now
there is some show of equity in it; but you
just add about one fourth to the pension-list.
We are now paying $30,000,000 a year for
pensions, the largest pension-roll probably that
was ever sustained by any people in the world.
Now if you give seventy-five dollars every five
years to every soldier who has been disabled
in the service you add substantially seventy-
five dollars every five years, or fifteen dollars
a year, to the pension of almost every person
on the pension-roll, because nearly every one
of these pensioners has been disabled in some
way or other, and in equivalent proportions
according to the pension laws. This would
