1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
mm
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of R.
A. Bennett, of Tennessee, praying the removal
of his political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities;
KEPOttTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom Was referred
the joint resolution (S. It. No. 144) for the
relief of James C. Sloo, reported it with an
amendment, and submitted a report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 716) to provide for the
better security of life on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, and for
other purposes; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 533) to relinquish the interest of the
United States in certain lands to the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to report an amend-
ment to the legislative, judicial, and executive
appropriation bill, which I move be referred to
the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also directed by
the Committee on Finance to report an amend-
ment to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 120)
declaratory of the meaning and intention of
the law relating to income tax. I ask that the
amendment bo printed ; and I give notice, as
there is a pressing necessity for action on this
subject one way or the other, that I shall call
it up at the very earliest moment.
'the amendment was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
Il.No.1101) for the relief of William A.Rucker,
late second lieutenant company B, third regi-
'ment North Carolina volunteers, reported it
without amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Harmon E. Went-
worth, reported a bill (S. No. 717) for the
relief of Harmon B. Wentworth, late second
lieutenant fourteenth Now York heavy artil-
lery; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (fc>. No. 355) for the relief
of Captain J. M. Keeler, late provost marshal
for the State of Oregon, reported it back with-
out amendment, accompanied by a report;
which was ordered to bo printed.
LIT5KAJIY APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. CATTELL. I am instructed by the
joint Committee on the Library to report a
joint resolution, and I ask for its immediate
consideration. I think there can be no objec-
tion to it.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(S. ii. No. 1G9) for the transfer of an unex-
pended balance of appropriation to the book
fund ox the Library of Congress was read
three times, and passed. It proposes to trans-
fer the sum of §2,500, appropriated by acts
appproved July SO, 1S88, and March 3, 1860,
"for the expenses of exchanging public docu-
ments for the publications of foreign Govern-
ments," the same being an unexpended bal-
ance not required for thai purpose, to the fund
for the puidiase of books for the Library of
Congress.
Y(/ri:S Of THANK' TO Is AVAL OKFICISKS.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Naval
Affair'-, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (3. It. No. 134) to regulate the effect of
a vote of the thanks of Congress upon promo-
tions in the Navy, have instructed me to report
it back with amendments and recommend its
passage; and I wish to trespass on the Senate
for five minutes to call attention to a singular
injustice, which this joint resolution is intended
to remedy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island asks permission to be hestfdin
regard to this resolution. The Chair hears fto
objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. By law of Congress an
officer of the Navy below the-ran]£ of Vice
Admirial, when he attains the age of sixty-two
years, or wheh his name has been borne on the
Navy Register for forty-five years after he
arrived at the age of sixteen, is retired from
active service with reduced pay, except that
if the exigencies of the service require his
employment on active duty he receives the
active pay of his grade. But it is provided that
if an officer not below the grade of commander
has upon the recommendation of the President
received by name during the war for the sup-
pression of the rebellion a vote of thanks of
Congress for distinguished services he shall
not be retired, except for cause, until he has
been fifty-five years in the service ; thus giving
him ten years' longevity on the active list.
Of the general policy of annexing to the
thanks of Congress any material benefit [ do
not. propose to speak. I have always enter-
tained grave doubts af it. It seems to me that
when the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, representing forty million people,
tender the thanks of this great nation to one
of its citizens it should be esteemed an honor
so exalted that any pecuniary or professional
advantage touches its purity if not its dignity.
Moreover, it encourages personal solicitation
by officers or their friends. Men who would
be slow to ask for a naked honor, yet when
pay and practically promotion are annexed to
it seek it with the usual appliances that are
brought to bear upon the appointing power.
This not only detracts from the honorable value
of the distinction, but it brings personal con-
siderations into the question, and taints it with
the suspicion of favoritism ; and if officers of
known influence in Washington, however de-
serving, receive it, when others far off at sea
are overlooked, it sometimes shakes the con-
fidence of the Navy in the juslico of Congress,
and weakens that stimulus to honorable ambi-
tion which it is the profitable purpose of the
distinction to encourage. But this I do not
propose to discuss. It is the law of Congress,
and I am not instructed by the committee to
propose any amendment in this respect.
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to
the practical operation of this provision, as it
most injuriously and unjustly affects the rights
of others. When Congress, which, represent-
ing the people, is the fountain of honor, as the
sovereign is in a monarchy, presents to an offi-
cer as the reward ot distinguished service ten
years' longevity on the active list with the pay
incident thereto, it is not to be presumed that
it means to do it at the expense of his juniors,
to deprive them of just that period of rank,
of just that amount of pay, which are given
to the selected officer; but that it means to
take the pay out of the Treasury, and the dis-
tinction out of the general fund of honor and
reward which belongs to the nation, and of
which Congress is the dispenser.
If it were proposed, in terms, that the dif-
ference in pay between the active and the
retired list should not be taken out of the Treas-
ury, but should be assessed upon the juniors
of the officer thus honored, it would strike
everybody as monstrous. Yet this is just what
the law does. For when an officer is kept on
the active list by virtue of a voto of thanks
he is not added to the number which would
otherwise make up the grade in which he is
retained. He is kept there by preventing the
promotion to which his juniors would be en-
titled but for the reward given to him. Thus
the cost of retaining an Admiral Ou the active
list may be estimated at $8)0-10. Of this sum
the commodore at the head of the list practi-
cally pays $800, the captain $400, the com-
mander §680, the lieutenant cortimander $863,
th« lieutenant $375, the master $800, and the
poor-little ensign $240. Congress did not
mean' to do this. This is shabby. We do
pr'etty hard things here sometimes •; but this
body never 5htetitionally does a mean thing.
Thus far I have spoken only of pay. It' is
the same with rank; and ,rank is more than
pay. There is not itit officer in the Navy worth
his salt who, if he h'as the means' of supporting
hitaself and his family outside of his profession,
would not rather be an admiral without pay
than a captain with .$5,000 a year. This is not
a feeling confined -to ostentatious &nd vain-
glorious men; it pervades the whole Navy, and
is shared by the most modest and unassuming,
the best and the bravest officers in the service.
It may seem foolish to those Who do not under-
stand the feeling from which it springs; but it
is the sentiment which we Wish to encourage in
the Navy; which makes the Navy what it is—the
right arm of the national defense, the pride and
glory of the country. It is the feeling that ani-
mated Commander Williams when he stood upon
the deck of the Oneida, as his vessel was reeling-
from the blow inflicted upon her by that enemy
of the human race, the captain of the Bombay.
It was reported to him that the vessel was sink-
ing, atid he was asked to get into the boat.
"No," was his calm reply, "I shall stay iti
my ship; if she goes down I shall go down with
her." It is the feeling that animated Ensign
Gopp, true type of an American seaman, who,
springing from the humblest class of society,
without frieDd or fortune or influence, worked
his way up till he won and wore the livery of
his country's service. He was in charge of the
berth-deck when the vessel was struck; ho
superintended the removal of the sick to the
upper deck and returned to bis post. He was
hailed and informed that the ship was sinking,
and that he must hasten on deck. " I am sta-
tioned here," was his reply, "and canaotcome
till I am relieved."
Such is the temper of the American Navy.
Such is the spirit which, inherited from Paul
Jones, and Truxton, and Preble, and Hopkins,
and Whipple ; from Decatur, and Porter, and
Perry, and Baiubridge, and Hull, and Stewart,
proved itself ou the river and oti the seas, in
the war for the Union, and still animates the
hearts of our living heroes.
In what I have said of the injustice of tins
law, in its practical operation, I have assumed
that the high distinction of a vote of thanks
was always conferred upon the most deserving,
and have endeavored to show its unjust effects
even in such case. But this is clearly impos-
sible. While there is little danger that it will
be conferred upon undeserving officers, it is
plain that no human judgment could distribute
it with unerring impartiality.
Actions influence the judgment often by their
effects as we'll as by their merit; and the good
fortune of some men brings them under the
immediate observation of the rewarding power
more immediately than others, who, in less
conspicuous positions, are rendering equal ser-
vice. I believe that the thanks of Congress
have been eminently deserved by the brave
men who have received them. I have uni-
formly voted for thetn, and they have been
recommended by the committee of which I
have been a member. But we all know that
other officers not less deserving have not re-
ceived them. And the singular effect of the law
is that officers who, in subordinate positions,
have contributed their equal share to the vic-
tories for which their superiors in rank have*
received the thanks of Congress, not only have
derived no benefit from this honor, but are ac-
tually kej}t back in pay and in rank by it. Tiieir
own valor and conduct have retarded their pro-
motion, for all that their seniors receive addi-
tional is taken from them. Fo* every admiral
