1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5097
necessities of the Government; taxes which
have always been considered war taxes ; taxes
by the supreme power of this Government which
it had the right to exercise for its safety to the
extent of taking away ray property absolutely.
I say, sir, that the same power which enabled
the Government of this country to levy this tax
enabled them to go into the southern States and
northern States and say to a man,'1 Give meyour
horse ; if I save this country I will pay you for
it." It was the same power that enabled you
to say to the father, " Give meyour son; I will
take him from you and place him in the very
front of battle." But the exigency exists no
longer, and what may have been a just exer-
cise of an undeniable right when the exigency
existed becomes now an offensive exercise of
a most questionable power. That power was
exercised perhaps properly, perhaps judi-
ciously. I do not dispute it now. It is not
necessary that I should do so; but the emer-
gency is over. This great sovereign right of
taxation need not be exercised harshly now
upon the people. We are not called upon to
pay the debt of this country incurred during
the war, incurred for the benefit of posterity,
incurred for generations yet unborn. We are
not called upon to pay it by overburdening and
crushing our people of this day and this gen-
eration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must remind the Senator that his five minutes
have expired.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to suggest to the
Chair that the Senator from New Jersey is
entitled to go on if he chooses. We are not on
any amendment to which the rule applies; we
are on a motion to reconsider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will have the rule read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. The pending question is
a motion to reconsider an amendment.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to say a
word on this question of order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want the Chair to rule
on that point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is not at this moment in possession of the rule.
Mr. STOCKTON. I think there is no rule
of the kind. To-day the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] said that if there was any
agreement of the Senate by which debate should
be limited to five minutes, if he had been in it
would never have been unanimous. I suppose
he was not aware of the circumstances that took
place when that acquiescence was made. If I
recollect it, the Senator from Ohio moved as a
rule of the Senate that debate be limited to five
minutes. I resisted it, on the ground that there
never had been such a rule of the Senate, and
that it was unnecessary; but in order to pre-
vent a vote being taken at that time in a thin
Senate, on making it a rule of the Senate, it
was agreed to by unanimous consent. There-
fore, it is not a rule of the Senate, but there
was only an acquiescence in an agreement, as
when we agree to take a vote on a bill at a cer-
tain time. In reference to this bill, for the
purpose so far as I was concerned of prevent-
ing a vote being taken at that time on making
that a general rule of the Senate, the suggestio n
that debate be limited was agreed to by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that the unani-
mous consent of the Senate, which binds the
honor of every Senator, is stronger than any
rule. The motion to reconsider now pending
is a motion to reconsider an amendment;
therefore it is the amendment that is the point
to be considered, and that is clearly subject to
the rule. After this bill has been debated here
for a week with great latitude I hope we may
get through with it to-night; and I appeal to
Senators to let us have a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has had his attention called to the rule, and the
Chair thinks if Senators are limited to five
minutes on an amendment they should be
limited to five minutes on a motion to recon-
sider an amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object to the
Chair making any rule he likes ; but I wish to
have the rule read asitis, that the Senate may
see what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in this
form:
"Besolved, That debate on the Househill No. 2015,
to reduco internal taxation, and for other purposes,
shall be confined to debate not exceeding live minr
utes by each Senator on the amendment pending
when such debate arises."
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair, I understand,
decides that that includes a motion to recon-
sider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very good. Now, how
much time have I on this motion to recon-
sider?
Mr. SHERMAN. None at all, I believe.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not ask the Senator;
I asked the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the Senator has some time left yet.
Mr. EDIvIUNDS. I will adopt the tactics
of my friend from Illinois that he gave us a
little while ago, and which the Senate seemed
to justify him in, and move that the further
consideration of this motion to reconsider be
postponed to the first Monday in December.
I do not propose, for one, to be misrepresented
in this debate as to what I have said, or as to
what my position is, without defending it, if
the rules of the Senate and the decision of the
Chair will give me an opportunity.
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to suggest that the
five-minute provision was not adopted as the
rule of the Senate; it was not so intended ; but
1 agree that it was understood, by unanimous
consent, that no member was to speak longer
than that time, and I acknowledge that to be
of higher obligation on me than any positive
rule of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, Mr. President, I
will proceed.
The SenaJor from Oregon [Mr. Williams]
accuses me of having misrepresented this mat-
ter of the tax on gross receipts, by saying that
I claimed it was all a tax on lottery-ticket deal-
ers. I never made any such claim, with all
respect to my fiiend from Oregon. I said that
was a part of it; but he has carefully omitted
that; and now, for the benefit of the country
and the people, I propose to have go into this
debate an official statement of the classes of
business and the amounts in which this kind
of revenue is obtained from them, as follows:
Grotts receipt*.
Bridges, two and a half per cent  $51,257 18
Canals, two and a half per cent  _0,404 56
Express companies, three percent  579,507 08
Kenies, two and a half per cent    ... 1-11.978 28
Insurance companies, one and a half per
cent  1,323,330 14
Lotteries, and lottery-ticket dealers, livo
per cent :  00,320 23
Railroads, two and a half per cent  3,25--',487 20
Ships, barges, &c., two and a half per
cent  3'.),907 43
Stage-coaches, &e., two and a half per
cent  1 S3,128 51
Steamboats, two and a half per cent  222,001 87
Telegraph companies, three per cent  205,441 00
Theaters, operas, circuses, and museums,
two per cent  231,052 74
Total $6,300,908 82
Now, I wish to repeat what I said before,
but not to enlarge upon it. that no man can
read that list of these sources of income and
say that if we are to impose taxes at all these
are not fair subjects of taxation, for here is a
tax on the people who ride on the railroads and
go to the theaters and ride in the stage-coaehes,
and all that sort of thing.
The Senator from Pennsylvania tells us this
is for the benefit of a few railroads who are
allowed to charge a cent additional fare. Can-
not an amendment be provided which will re-
peal that provision to allow them to charge
an excess? Most certainly it can ; and I for
one am ready, in case this tax shall be con-
tinued, to provide that that fraud upon the
people shall not be continued. I can readily
imagine how my friends, the Democrats, ort
the other side can cry, "Down with this tax!"
They cry, '' Down with all taxes 1'' For once
extremesmeet. Thevoieeof the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Striker,] on one side, is
reechoed by the voice of the extremes of the
other party on the other side.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the Senator has spoken five minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 make a motion to post-
Done the consideration of this matter.
" The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not think that alters the question. The
rule, as the Chair thinks, limits debate to five
minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I never appeal from the
decision of the Chair; butipreciscly the same
thing has happened in this Senate before. 1
do not know whether the present occupant was
in the chair at the time or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Howell] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. HOWELL. If I have the privilege of
the lloor I shall be very happy to yield it to the
Senator from Vermont.
Mr. SHERMAN. That 1 object to, because
it violates the rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has been done half a
dozen times here to-day.
Mr. HOWELL. It has been done. I think
the Senator from Vermont could address the
Senate with a great deal more pertinency than
1 ; and he may have my five minutes, unless
the Senate prefer to hear me. I think they had
better listen to the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the ruling of
the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa is entitled to the floor. The
Chair thinks he cannot farm the floor out to
anybody else.
Mr. HOWELL. I did not propose to farm
the floor out particularly, though I have seen
that mode of proceeding here in the Senate ;
and I see no reason why it should be objected
to, for my part. I am very anxious myself
that taxation should be reduced upon the
masses of the people of this country. We
have been taking off taxation from those who
are well able to pay, and who would feel it no
hardship to pay, according to the bill reported
here, only three per cent, of the amount they
receive during the course of the year of -over
$2,000. I think that is an easy way of raising
revenue for the Government; and to repeal
that kind of taxation is not relieving the bur-
dens of the people, nor will the masses of the
people of this country so regard it. If it were
a question of reducing taxation entirely, if we
could take off the taxes on tea and coffee and
sugar and gross receipts, which affect the
masses of the people, I should not object to
taking off the income tax along with those;
! but to hold on to taxes which do affect the
masses of the people of this country, to keep
up the present rates upon sugar and tea and
coffee, and take off the tax on incomes exceed-
ing $2,000 a year, is only done in the interest
of a few, of the aristocracy of wealth in this
country, and not of the masses of the people
who feel the burden of taxation.
I am willing to pay an income tax on my
income over ยง2,000. I would be glad to pay
an income tax as large as that of Stewart him-
self, or of any of the great New York capital-
ists. I would feel it no burden, if I had their
income, to pay their tax. Howcan men stand
here on the floor of the Senate and appeal
pathetically to the sympathies of Senators
against this oppressive, onerous, inquisitorial
tax, as they call it? It is shameful, in my judg-
ment, thus to place these great capitalists here
and try to excite sympathy in their favor, while
you still grind down the poor by taxes which
they find it difficult to pay, and which are bur-
densome upon them, because they are not
