1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4153
whenever you employ it or its authority to
despoil me of my property, little as it is—well,
I shall forget to return thanks for the salvation
of-a Union of that description.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was done in every State
of the North.
■ Mr. HOWE. Done in every State of the
North!
Mr. SHERMAN. My honorable friend will
bear me witness that more property of the
loyal people of Ohio was taken by substantial
force under your draft law, more personal in-
jury was inflicted, more sacrifices were borne,
willingly or forcibly, by the people of Ohio
alone, than was suffered by all the loyal people
of the southern States in the war. Now, if
you undertake to repair all the losses of this
war, all the sacrifices of this war, to make good
all the oats andbeans that have been consumed,
all the property destroyed, you will exhaust
the whole Treasury of the United Slates four
times over. It is simply impossible.
Mr. HOWE. Here again we have the im-
possibility urged. I meet the Senator from
Ohio upon his statement of fact, and I say he
is mistaken utterly. What property has been
taken from the State of Ohio or the State of
Wisconsin under your draft law ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that I have
known, and the Senator must know, of thou-
sands of cases where by the operation of your
draft law men have been compelled to sell
their homesteads, have been torn away from
their wives and their children, leaving them
substantially to the charity of their neighbors.
They have been compelled to sell the roof that
covered their heads, compelled to give up their
last little bit of property and go down and
fight this war. It' you propose to make the
losses of this war good, go to those homesteads;
take back the lost father or the lost son, or
the lost brother; restore the property that has
been thus sacrificed all over the country. In
my judgment there is no equity, no right, no
justice for the loyal people of the southern
'States, whose homes and whose rights have
been protected by the heroism of our people,
now to come forward and demand of us pay
for the corn and the oats and the beans and
the potatoes that were used to feed our soldiers
when marching through that country that we
have saved for them and their children and
their children's children.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I still reply to
. the Senator from Ohio that he is utterly mis-
taken. The draft laws took no_ property from
Ohio, took no property from Wisconsin. The
draft'laws called for certain men, and if the
Senator or his neighbor or I or mine saw fit to
•hire another to go in our stead that was not
the draft law; that wa3 he ; that was myself; it
was our voluntary act. If our homes went to
pay for the substitute it was because we would
l-athcr let our homes go than go ourselves.
We would rather let our homes go from us
than to go from our homes. Tiiafc was oil
there was of that.
The draft law took nothing from us in the
shape of property. It called for soldiers here
- and everywhere; and here from the very States
named in this bill you got soldiers, for what
purpose? What object had they m lighting
for your Union, and fighting your Battles.
They did fight: regiments of theni did fight;
but your law is inexorable. Their property
might have gone, and in many instances did
go, to feed your soldiers and feed themselves.
You say you will not pay them not a dollar.
There is 110 equity in it, says the Senator from
Ohio. Well, Mr. President, I cannot really
dispute any longeron this question, and I will
•relieve the Senate. I did not mean to talk
so Ion" : but I do declare before Heaven a,nd
before°tUis Senate that I cannot see anything
in the law of nations, anything in morals, any-
thing in any principle of justice or equity that
I ever heard taught anywhere in the courts or
out of the courts which authorizes us to make
a distinction between a loyal man 111 the State
of Virginia and a loyal man in the State of
Pennsylvania. If you have the right to take
commissary stores and quartermaster stores
from loyal men in Pennsylvania without pay-
ing for them, then you have the right to take
.them from loyal men in Virginia without pay-
ing for them ; but not otherwise.
But if the Senator from Ohio is correct as to
his opinions of equity now, I ask him why he
put Tennessee and West Virginia upon the foot-
ing of Pennsylvania and New lork? Why
should we discriminate between a loyal man in
South Carolina or Virginia and a loyal man in
West Virginia or Tennessee? Let tha^ be
explained.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator want
my answer?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly,
Mr. SHERMAN. As soon as the State of
Tennessee and the State of West Virginia came
within the jurisdiction of the United States, so
that our flag was respected and the authorities
of the United States had power there, theni we
put in forcc the draft law and the tax law and
all the other laws in those States; but prac-
tically in the cotton States, the far southern
States mentioned in this bill, and the great
body of Virginia, the loyal people there were
never compelled to contribute to taxation to
any considerable extent. Our draft laws could
not bo enforced against them. Therefore there
is an equity in enforcing a more liberal rule in
those States that were entirely within our prac-
tical jurisdiction than in those States where we
had 110 practical jurisdiction, and had no power
to levy our tax laws and our draft laws and to
compel obedience to them.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. I10WE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President-—*
Mr. HOWE, I have not yielded the floor.
I am not going to continue the discussion; but
the Senator will allow me to say in reply to
the Senator from Ohio, that whatever might
be the reason for the rule set up in the case
of Tennessee and of West Virginia, the date at
which the rule was adopted for those States
does not very well bear out the honorablo Seu-
ator ill the reason he now assigns, because
Tennessee was not included within this rule
until not long after the war closed, but nptil
Tennessee was readmitted into the Union.
That was the date at which this act of justice
was extended to her.
Mr. SCOTT. I intended at an early hour
of the evening, if I had gotten the floor, to say
something on this bill; bu]", the debate has
taken so wide a range that it is perfectly evi-
dent it cannot be disposed of to night. I there-
fore move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. W.ui-
xr.R in the chair.) Before putting the ques-
tion the Chair will state that by the understand-
ing of the Senate the Indian appropriation bill
will be the unfinished business for to-morrow,
and this bill bo passed over, retaining its pres-
ent place on the Calendar. The Senator from
Pennsylvania moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and at nineteen
minutes past ton o'clock p. m. the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tui:kday, Jane V, 1ST0.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Bctleu, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WARNER. I present the memorial
of Messrs. Henry Clews & Co., W. T. Hatch &
Son, George Opdyke & Co., and most of the
other leading bankers of New York, praying
that the proposed increase of taxation on con-
tract® for the sale of coin gtofiks through
a clearing-house may not be agreed to. Owing
to the respeetabllityof the signers of this me-
morial and the importance of the interest they
represent, I ask that theif memorial may be
read. It is very short.
The Chief Clerk read the memorial, as fol-
lows : ■ -
To the Honorable the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States, m Congress assembled:
Your memorialists would respectfuly represent
that ths} proposed increase of the burden of taxa-
tion upon contracts for the sale of coin and 3tocks,
through aclearms-house, would, in their judgment,
bo impolitie on the part of the Government, and
greatly injurious to a large class of tho citizens of the
city of Xow York, for the fallowing reasons, to wit:
First, it would totally destroy a system which
timo and experience have demonstrated to bo of vast
utility. .
Second, it would subieet the financial interests
of the great body of bankers and brokers m the city
of Now York to great risk and incdnvenienoe.
Third, tt would give to eight or ten large capital-
ists a monopoly of the business now carried on by
move than one thousand individuals.
Fourth, it would greatly diminish the receipts of
internal revenue derived from this source, which
under tho present system yields to the Government a
larger sum of mouey than is obtained from tho same
number of persons in any other branch of business.
Wherefore, for these and many other reasons which
cannotbeconvemently enumerated here, your peti-
tioners pray that the proposed amendment increas-
ing taxation, as sot forth above, be stricken from tho
tax bill now pending in your honorable body.
The memorial was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitionsof
John D. Owen, of King George county, Vir-
ginia; ofRobert E. Peyton, of Fauquier county,
Virginia; of George C. Marshall, of King
George county, Virginia; of Archilus William-
son, of Wythe county, Virginia; of Stewart
Rowan, of Giles county, Virginia: of William
Hix, of Prince Edward county, Virginia; of
John D. Tisdale, of Lunenburg county, Vir-
ginia, and of William Irvine, of Falmouth,
Virginia, praying the removal of the legal and
political disabilities imposed 011 them by the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
tho United States; which were referred to tho
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of M.
P. Blacks),one and twelve others, of Natchi-
toches parish, Louisiana, in behalf of Frederick
W. Arey, praying for the removal of his polit-
ical disabilities; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Ruffin B.
Theall, St. Mary parish, Louisiana, praying
for the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee 011
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petition of
O. H. Titidall, of Robertson county, Texas,
praying for tho removal of his political disa-
bilities ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of A. M.
Cochran, Joseph B. Boyd, and M. L. Cooksey,
of Robertson county, Texas, praying the re-
moval of the legal and political disabilities
imposed on them by the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution "of the United States; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of William J.
Philips, late assessor of the seeond_ revenue
district in the State of Texas, praying pay-
ment of salary due him by the Government of
the United States while in the performance ol
his duty as assessor, and also for a settlement
of his accounts; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims. ,
Mr.FOWLER presented resolutions adopted
at a meeting of Israelites of the city of Mem-
phis, Teunessee, asking immediate rebel nr
the persecuted Jews in the province ot l uu-
mania ; which were referred to the Committi-
on Foreign Relations.
