1870:
Tffii ''dON€fefe^tt6#kt" (fiiottfe:
3209
of the definite object of tile joint resolution.
Having become satisfied that it ought to pass,
I withdraw all objection to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the Senator with-
draws his objection, and the resolution has
been amended and is now on its third read-
ing, I hope the Senate will act upon it at
0I1The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio asks unanimous consent to take up
House joint resolution No. 173, objected to
yesterday, the objection now being withdrawn.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment made,
as in Committee of the Whole was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be en-,
grossed, and the joint resolution read a third
time. The joint resolution was read the tliird
time, and passed.
PRK8IDKNTIAL APPROVAL.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the bill (S. No. 396)
granting lands to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from Portland
to Astoria and McMinnville, in the State of
Oregon.
OREGON BRANCH PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The con-
sideration of bills on the Calendar will now be
resumed in their order.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 112) to aid in the construction of the
Oregon Branch Pacific railroad ; which was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment?, to Strike out all
after the enacting clause and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That for the purpose of aidinar in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from a point on tho
Central Pacifio railroad, at or near but not east qf
the north bend of the Humboldt river, in the Stato
of Nevada, by the nearest eligible route to a point
it or near Eugene City, at the upper end of the Wil-
lamette valley, in the State of Oregon, there is hereby
granted to the Oregon Branch Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, a corporation organized pursuant to the laws
of the State of Oregon, for the pnrpoBe of construct-,
ing a railroad and telegrajiU line, by articles of incor-
poration dated the 9lh day or July, A. D. 1868, the
right of way through the publte lands of the United
States of the width of one hundred feet an each
side of said road, and all necessary grounds for sta-
tions, depots, shops,, buildings, side-tracks, turn-
tables, and irater stations, not exceeding forty acres
at any place; and also the right to take from public
lands adjacent to the line of said railroad timber,
stone, water, and other materials necessary for the
construction thereof; and also each alternate section
of said public lands nearest to the said road and
within the limits of ten alternate sections in width
on each side thereof designated by odd numbers to
the amount of ten such alternate sections on each-
side thereof per mile, which shall not have been
reserved or disposed of by the United States, and to
which homestead, or preemption, or miner's possess-
ory rights shall not hare been attached at the time
the line of tho roail sJiall bo fixed.
Bsc. 2. And be it further enacted^ That when the
President of said company shall notify the President
oftho United States underoaththattenmiles of the
said railroad and tel%raph line hare been completed,
tao President of the United States shall appoint three
commissioners to examine tho same, and if tho com-
missioners shall report that ten miles of said railroad
mm telegraph line havo been completed, and are
mraished with the rolling stock and necessary equip-
ments, the President of tno United States shall causo
tue lands hereinbefore granted, in respectof thesaid
ten miles, to be surveyed, designated, and set apart
lor the benefit of said company.
ofce. 3. And be it further enacted. That when the said
company shall filo with tho Secretary of the Interior
taeir resolution duly oertifted under their seal .accept-
the grants hereinbefore made on tho terms and
C0 k l_ons hereinafter specified, and shall also file
with the said Secretary their duly certified plat of
welme of the said road as surveyed and established
al said Secretary shall designate the lands
 oconditionally granted, and cause such designation
lO Mcntcred on the plats of the proper land offices,
ana t hereafter the lands so designated shall be subj ect
jo sale onlyia accordance with the provisions of this
act,
t®'t' 4' And lie it further enacted. That the lands
!n?tJ y ""S aot  excepting such as are necessary
r 'tie company to reserve for depots, stations, side-
tracks, wood-yards, standing-ground, anil otherneed-
ful uses in operating the road, and exoopting min-
eral lands, and timber lands not fit for Cultivation
after tho timber thereon is removed, shall be sold to
actual settlors only, in quantities not exceeding ono
quarter section to any ono person, under such reg-
ulations and restrictions as may bo proscribed by the
Secretary of the Interior, at such prices as will secure
to said company, its successors or assigns, as afore-
said, an average prico of not moro than 82 50 per
acre for the land actually certified for eaqb completed
section of ten miles of said railroad; and to insure
an enforcement of this section it shall bo the duty
of the company receiving the certificates from tho
Secretary of the Interior as aforesaid, for tho lands
granted in aid of tho construction of the firBt section
of ten miles of said railroad, and within ono year
thereafter to fix a price on each ono hundred and
sixty aero tract described in said certificates, in saoh
manner and at such rates that the average prico of
tho whole amount certified shall not exceed $2 50
per acre, and report the same to the Secretary of the
Interior, exposing a copy of such report to the pub-
i lioin tho office of tho socretaryof such company;
! and any porson desiring to actually settle upon and
i improve said land, or any Government subdivision
thereof, shall have the right to purchase, at the price
so fixed, any unsold parcel of said land upon pay-
ment of said price; and on payment thereof it shall
be the duty of the secretary of such company to make
out duplicate certificates of tho sale, under the seal
of the company, send ono to tho Secretary of tho
Interior, and deliver the other to the purchaser; and
it shall bo tho duty of the becretary of the Interior
to issue to such purchaser a patent for the land de-
scribed in his certificate, as in cases of land sold.by
the United States. And the same form of proceeding
shall be observed with respect to tho land certified
by the Secretary of the Interior on each succeeding
completed section of ten miles of tho, main line of
said railroad; Provided, That no certificate of lands
to such company on any completed section after the
first shall be made by the Secretary of the Interior
until he shall have received a report, as aforesaid,
of the prico fixed on tho land,'certified for the next
preceding completed section of said railroad or
branch thereof: And provided further, That tho sec-
tions of land which shall remain to tho United States
within the limits of this grant shall, cxcept whon
located under tho homestead act, be sold at $2 SO
per acre, to actual settlers only, and in quantities
not greater than ono hundred and sixty acres to any
one porson, under such regulations and restrictions
as may be proscribed by the Secretary of tho Interior.
Sec. 5. And be it further moated. That thesaid com-
pany shall file with the Secretary of tho Interior its
assent to this act within one year from tho date of
its passage, and the foregoing grant is upon condi-
tion that said company shall complete a section of
twenty or more miles of said railroad and telegraph
within two years from its passage, and twenty miles
each year thereafter until thowholo shall be com-
pleted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the
amendment by striking oat in section one, lines
nineteen and twenty, the words " by the near-
est eligible route to a point at or near Eugene
City, at the upper end of the Willamette val-
ley," and inserting "by the nearest eligible
route in the States of Nevada and Oregon to a
junction with the line of theOregon and Cali-
fornia railroad in the Rogue Riv«r valley."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move further to amend
the amendment in section four, lino twenty-
five, by inserting after the word "company"
the words "and another in the land office of
tho district."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the honorable Siena-
tor from Oregon if this amendment as it now
stands will not grant the mineral lands? I call
his attention to page 6, the. thirty-fourth line
of the first section of the amendment.
Mr. "WILLIAMS. If it does an amendment
excepting them will' not be objected to. It is
an oversight if it does.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after,tie words "pub-
lic lands," in the thirty-fourth line of the first
section, the words "not mineral, except iron
and coal lands." I believe that exception is
generally made.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir; that is the usual
exception.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Tie bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurredin. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
SOCTBTBRN MINNESOTA RAILROAD.
The next hill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. .824) authorizing tho Southern Minne-
sota Railroad Company to connect its line with
the Northern Pacifio railroad; which was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. The
bill proposes to authorize the Southern Min-
nesota Railroad Company, within the State of
Minnesota, for the benefit of which a grant of
public kinds has been made to the State by the
United States, and whose Western terminus has
been fixed at the western boundary of the State,
to extend its line of road to and to connect it
with the line of the Northern Pacific railroad
at such point in the Territory of Dakota as the
company shall designate, not farther west than
the one hundred and third parallel longitude
west from Greenwich; and it is to be entitled
to and receive the same privileges, grants, and
immunities for and in respect to such extension
of its road, and be subject to the same liabil-
ities, restrictions, and conditions in respect
thereto as are contained in the act of Congress
approved July 4,1866, making a grant of lands
to the State in aid of the railroad, and the act
of Congress approved July 13, 1866, relating
to the lands so granted; and the road which
may be built to form such connection is to be
considered and treated to all intents and for all
purposes as a continuation of the Southern
Minnesota railroad; but the time allowed for
the construction of the railroad is not to be
extended beyond the time designated in the
act of Congress approved July 4, 1806.
The Committer on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment, in line eleven to
strike out the word "third" and insert "sec-
ond;" so that the clause will read '' not further
west than the one hundred and second parallel
of longitude west from Greenwich."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to amend the proviso at the end of the bill so
as to make it read :
Provided, That the time allowed for tho construc-
tion of said railroad shall not extend beyond tho
time designated in the act of Congress approved
July 4,1866.
The amendmfent tfaa agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, I can ex-
plain this bill in a vety few words. The South-
ern Minnesota road extends from the east to
the west line of the State of Minnesota, in a
nearly west course, through the southern tier
of counties, and ends at the west line of the
State, "out on the prairie," as at present
chartered. Its length is about three hundred
miles, of which about otie hundred miles are
completed and operated ; ten or twelve miles
more are graded and waiting the opening of
spring to procure iron; and some seventy tniles
more will be completed and in running orijer
the present season, besides some twenty mile^
of branch connecting road, being built by the
same parties. It is in the hands of active,
energetic,, live men, who are building the road
as, fast as It can be well and economically done.
The present bill is intended to give tl,ie road
a western connection. The proposed exten-
sion is about two hundred and twenty-five miles
in length, more or less, varying with the point
of connection with the Northern Pacific road,
which point itself must be determined by th(j
facilities or difficulties—difficulties that may
be met with in, the construction of the road
and selection of a route. This extension passes
through an entirely wilderness country, not a
settler on the whole route, and interferes with
no other projects. The Delegate from the Ter-
ritory of Dakota strongly favorsthe exten-
sion, and says that in no otherwise can the
country be opened up or settled, as there is no
navigable stream on the whole route. Over a
considerable part of its course the road will
pass over what is called the "coteau coun-
try," where the land is of no value and never
will be. The company ask the same land grant
through this unsettled country that tliey have
in Minnesota, and no more, namely, ten sec-
