1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
41st Co>tg....2d Sbss.
Northern Pacific Railway—Mr. Casserly.
Senate.
"with the right to locate and construct its
branch from some convenient point on its main
trunk line, across the Cascade mountains, to
Puget sound."
In a word, the act of 1864 gives the com-
pany two lines: one its main trunk direct to
Puget sound, the other a branch diverging not
over three hundred miles east of the sound,
and reaching Portland, down the valley of the
Columbia. The present bill gives three lines :
one to Portland, another from Portland to
Puget sound, and the third a branch diverg-
ing at any "convenient point" east of the
Cascade mountains. As this point of diver-
gence is not now, as it was in the act of 1804,
fixed not more than three hundred miles east
of Puget sound, but may be at any " conven-
ient point," five hundred or a thousand miles
to the eastward, and as the additional land
grant, through a belt of one hundred and
twenty miles, runs with the additional extended
lines given by the present bill, it is not difficult
to see how greatly and adroitly it enlarges the
lands granted to the company.
To resume what I was saying, the result is that
after the point of divergence is reached and all
west of that, whether it be fixed three hundred
or one thousand miles east of Puget sound, the
territory lying between the three lines of the
road is inclosed as in a vast triangle. And as
by the act of 18G9 the company may fix its term-
inus for all its lines at any point on Puget sound,
it can by fixing it on the north line of Wash-
ington Territory, while its trunk at Portland
is below the south line of the Territory, shut
in between its rails the entire Pacific coast of
that Territory over two hundred miles long.
By starting its branch well to the eastward
it may likewise shut in the whole interior
of the Territory. Then, with a belt of one
hundred and twenty miles to each of its lines
around the several sides of this triangle, how
much of the land in that fine Territory will be
left open to actual settlers under general laws ?
Why, sir, you are putting in irons the whole
of that rich and growing country on the Pacific
coast and on the waters of Puget sound, itself
an inland sea, and leaving it in irons for an in-
definite period. "For an indefinite period,"
because you have voted down the amendment
offered by me, which was calculated at the end
of twenty years to release the grasp of this
company, within its one hundred and twenty
miles belt across the continent, upon the lands
and upon the people that want to live upon
<hem, and to improve and develop them.
The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Hablan] spoke
with unanswerable force when he pointed out
to you that this joint resolution practically sur-
rendered up to the control of the railroad com-
pany, certainly withdrew on its account from
our general land laws, a belt of country one
hundred and twenty miles wide by two thou-
sand miles long, from Lake Superior to the
Pacific. But here is a case where you take a
whole district of country, a great Territory of
the Union, and you shut it up, you imprison
it within the iron bands of this company's
roads, and there you leave it to flourish or to
fade, to prosper or to pine, according as this
company shall see fit to pursue one course or
the other with its lands.
What right have you thus to give up, for a
period no man knows how long, that important
part of your territory and of your people to
any railroad company, to any private corpora-
tion? In this one feature of it alone the bill
is utterly indefensible. A considerable portion
of Washington Territory must be wholly within
the lines of selection granted to the company.
When you have three belts, each one hundred
and twenty miles wide, traversing that Terri-
tory, which is but two hundred miles wide, in
different directions, you will have very little
land left except the alternate sections reserved
for the United States. Thus you inflict two
great evils on that Territory. You bar out all
settlement from the mass of the lands there,
j and you surrender the Territory and its great
; water front on the Pacific and Puget sound
i practically to the monopoly of this one rail-
| road to the exclusion of all others. You do this
, throughout the line of the road for one hundred
i and twenty miles wide. But when you come
! to Washington Territory you allow it to absorb
j the whole Territory substantially, with its sea-
i board, its harbors, its fertile plains and bound-
| less wealth of timber down to the water's edge,
; all along the shores of Puget sound. The Sen-
ator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] thought this
last objection was fully met by the fact that
Congress or the State can authorize other
railroad companies to acquire lands by con-
demnation. In my judgment this is no suffi-
cient answer. In the first place, any new road
built in the Territory must be built by its own
means, for you have no lands left out of which
toaidthem. In the next place, in condemning
lands, who does not see that the increased cost
of acquiring lands held in private ownership
will be a most serious obstruction to any new
company, especially as every such company
will have to acquire them, if at all, upon a val-
uation to be controlled, perhaps, by the over-
shadowing influence of this great corporation?
That belt of one hundred and twenty miles
wide by two thousand miles long across the con-
tinent, taking a single line of road, is enormous.
But when you come to add to it the other two
lines of road, the result staggers one in the con-
templation. It makes abeltof one hundred and
twenty miles wide by over two thousand five
hundred miles long. This is supposi ng the com-
pany to content itself with a point of diver-
gence, say five to six hundred miles east of its
terminus; supposing it to refrain from shifting
that point still further to the east, and of course
giving to itself that much more land. Now,
what is twenty-five hundred miles long by one
hundred and twenty miles wide? It is a tract
of country containing three hundred thousand
square miles. In all New England there are
not sixty thousand square miles, and this belt
of country, five times as extensive, wraps up a
future which may well be, in its moral aspects,
at least as great as that of New England, and
which in all its material aspects must be very
far superior. It is one half larger than the
collected area of thegreat States of New York.
Pennsylvania, Virginia, and North Carolina.
It exceeds by sixty thousand square miles the
entire territory of Ohio, Indiana, Michigan,
Illinois, and Wisconsin. Senators who favor
this bill have said much to us about railroads.
Of course they have developed the country.
Nobody here denies that. Nobody here or
elsewhere is opposed to them. But suppose
for the last fifty years that great northwestern
territory had been wrapped up in one railroad
company, surrendered to one railroad by broad
belts of laud crossing it in every direction and
covering nearly all its lands, what would have
been the result? If the railroads have made
the country rich and populous, as is said, it
has been by their competition, not by their
having anywhere a monopoly over a vast dis-
trict.
Another extraordinary feature of this meas-
ure hasbeen already mentioned in a former stage
of the debate. Itwillbear repeating, bccause hi
this as in other cases the discussion of an im-
portant measure is so broken up into fragments
by other business intervening that what has
been said at one stage, however valuable it
may be in the final decision of the question, is
then frequently forgotten.
That feature is, that we have no information
here, no facts upon which this joint resolution
can be rested. We have not even a memorial
from any of the influential and well-known
citizens whose names in the public prints as
directors of this road give to it so much credit.
We have not a single"line from them, or from
any one of them, accrediting to us a single
fact upon which this joint resolution can be
justified; nay, upon which it can be excused.
Why is this ? If the most distinguished man
of the country, if the patriot whose services
were the most momentous in the hour of our
deepest peril, were here preferring a claim for
compensation, some showing would be required
on which to base the action of the Senate.
livery day when the best of our fellow-citi-
| zens present claims here they have to come
I here with a petition, with a statement which
they are required to sustain before your com-
mittee by proofs. Is not that so? Is there
any reason why it should not be so? And
after all that, sir, what takes place ? The claim
is examined; the facts are weighed; and it
does not happen once in a great many times
that such a claim is allowed at its face as made.
It is reduced or it is modified in various ways.
Nay more, when the most honored and trusted
head of one of the great Departments of your
Government needs means for the public ser-
vice, he must send to you on his official respon-
sibility a written statement full as to details,
precise as to amounts, and this goes to your
committee, there to receive a thorough if not
severe scrutiny, llow often are his estimates
allowed as made? When they are it is the
exception to the rule. And yet how often in
times of peace do any of those high officers
ask of you for the public service as large an
amount of the public means as this measure
bestows upon a private company?
The wonderful fact is, Senators,that whatyou
never do for individual worth, honor, or ser-
vices in private or official station, you are ready
to do without the slightest hesitation for a
great railroad corporation. You do not ask
it for its memorial, its estimates, its showing.
It does not deign to pay to you and to the
country the small tribute of consideration paid
by presenting itself as a suitor at your bar for
these great privileges. It sends here some
unknown person on the outside of this Cham-
ber. The Senator from Michigan has referred
to him as the company's agent, and to his
statements before the committee. Is that all,
sii ? Id that enough? Grood or bad, he is a
person of whom the Senate can only know as
it might know any other witness—by his evi-
dence, and that lias not been produced here.
Without that it knows nothing of him and has
no right, to know anything. As authority for
the action of the Senate on a measure like
this the loose verbal statement of such a per-
son was unknown in the better days of the
liepublic. Allow jne to say that it would
never have been cited here in the times when
Clay and Webster and Calhoun and Wright,
or the great men who went before them, illus-
trated this Chamber. It is upon his say-so,
not substantiated by any facts, and not even
repeated here, that we may judge for ourselves,
and which may be but a mere figment of his
heated brain trom beginning to end; I say it
is upon such a ground, if ground it can be
called, that this joint resolution is to pass this
body.
Sir, there may have been, there was a rea-
son for the silence observed by the well-known
citizens connected with the Northern Pacific
llailroad Company. If they have sent here
no written statement, it was because they had
nothing to state. They furnished no proof,
because there were no facts to be proved—
none to show that any considerable amount
of the lands on the railroad sections had been
taken up by settlers within the belt of one
hundred miles in the act of 1864; none to show
that the grant as then made is not ample to
I build the road. Indeed, not a Senator here
, has asserted anything of the sort specifically
j as a fact, either on his own or any other
authority.
