5098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
earning the means to support their families in
comfort and in decency, and to send their
children to school; and this is the kind of
sentiment that has prevailed here in the Sen-
ate in favor of the repeal of the income tax
entirely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must remind the Senator that his fivo minutes
are up.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, [ believe
I only spoke two minutes and a half when I
was up before, and therefore I may now have
the rest of mv five minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermontmoved to postpone thisquestion.
- Mr. EDMUNDS. I supposed the Chair, in
his ruling, included the prohibition of my
having the right to make a motion of that
kind.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the motion was pend-
ing I should suppose it was open to debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator withdraw the motion to postpone?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not know that it
was received. I will withdraw it to please the
Chair.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the reconsideration.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to make a prac-
tical suggestion. The repeal of the income
tax was adopted by a very small vote. At
least three Senators who voted against the
income tax have indicated their disposition to
vote for that if it is necessary to elect between
that and the tax on gross receipts. I hope,
therefore, that some Senator who voted against
the tax on gross receipts will move to recon-
sider that vote, and let us first see if we can
impose that tax. If so, there will be no fur-
ther discussion about the income tax. If not,
1 think the income tax is likely to be reimposed.
For one, I certainly shall vote to tax railroads,
and steamboats, and ferries, and theaters, and
lottery tickets, and all gross receipts, sooner
than I shall vote to tax incomes, although I
would much prefer to remit the taxes upon
both, and upon everything else. Iam satisfied
that we cannot carry on the Government with-
out one of these taxes, if we make the other
reductions which the bill proposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Chair
must remind the Senator that his time has
expired.
Mr. FOWLER. What is the question before
the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Vermont, to reconsider
the vote on striking out the income tax sec-
tions.
Mr. FOWLER. I gave two erroneous votes
to-day, and I should like to have both those
motions brought up, as I want to correct them,
though not with regard to the income tax. I
should like to have an opportunity to correct
the last vote I gave upon the tax on gross re-
ceipts. I do not believe either of these taxes
is necessary. There is nothing that misleads
like figures. When they are arrayed together
in a certain manner it is almost impossible to
get them correct. I had a little lesson taught
mo a few minutes ago on the subject of sul-
phur. It was stated that the article was taxed
four hundred per cent., when really it was not
taxed over twenty per cent. An enormous
rate was asserted, which was not correct.
I find in the annual estimates this year that
the expenditures are put at $331,000,000. I
do not know how much is to be raised under
the operation of this bill, or how much the
taxes are to be reduced. Certainly, I suppose,
from the operation of this bill, there will be a
very small reduction of taxes. Then it is esti-
mated, of course, that we shall collect nearly as
much during the next year as we have this year.
Last year we had a large surplus in the Treas-
ury. We have in the Treasury all the time at
least $100,000,000. Itis not necessary to keep
in the Treasury five dollars. I say there is
surely no necessity for so large a surplus on
hand. Indeed, I think the taxes should be so
arranged that we should have b;arely enough to
pay the interest on the public debt and to
pay the expenses of the Government. Ingenuity
ought to be exerted to cut down expenditures
and not to raise the taxes.
I cordially agree with one of the Senators
who expressed his views in favor of the income
tax in his remark that he was willing to pay as
much as Stewart of New York if he had Stew-
art's income. He would find the whole coun-
try in that situation. Almost every man, woman,
and child in the land would be in that, very
state of mind. He is not alone in it. He
would recruit whole regiments of people on
that issue. There is scarcely a family that
would not put forth the same wish on the sub-
ject. But he is not going to doit, nor are they
going to do it. The individual mentioned is,
perhaps, the only one that will.
But, sir, I think the tax on gross receipts is
a gross injustice. First, it estimates only what
these companies receive, and not what they
expend. It makes no estimate of their real
ability to pay taxes. It makes barely an esti-
mate of what goes into their hands. Their
expenditures may be much more than their
receipts. Again, take the insurance compa-
nies; you tax them on the amounts they receive;
you make no allowance for the taxes they pay
by way of stamps on all the business they trans-
act. Not only so, but this species of tax runs
through everything. For instance, if we take
the manufacturer of perfumery, he pays a tax
on his imported article; he pays the tax that is
assessed here on the raw materials from which
he makes the perfumery where they are pro-
duced in this country ; he then pays the stamp
tax ; he then pays the insurance tax over and
over again; and many other articles are taxed
precisely in the same way. It strikes me the
whole tax on gross receipts ought to be stricken
off the list, because it operates unjustly, by
taxuig, as has been stated very forcibly, only
the ieceipts without making any estimate of
the expenditures ; and you have no evidence
at all that those who are taxed in that way have
any ability to meet it.
In regard to the income tax, I have already
spoken on that subject, and have said all that
I desire to say upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that motion I ask for
tho yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CORBETT. Before the vote is taken I
wish to say that, if it is necessary, when this
question comes up before a committee of con-
ference there are a number of taxes which
we have stricken off that might be retained in
lieu of the income tax. There is the tax upon
legacies, which amounts to $1,2-14,000. There
is the tax upon successions, which we have
taken off, and which is not burdensome to
any portion of the community, amounting to
$1,189,000. There is the special tax on banks
and bankers, which amounts to $1,139,000;
and the tax on salaries, $561,000. The
Senate has decided this question once, and
_we have taken four or five votes upon it on
various amendments. It really seems to me
as though we were trifling with this question.
1 think if we allow our action repealing the
income tax and reducing the internal revenue
to stand, and then allow the conference com-
mittee to settle the bill on such portions of the
schedule as are necesaary, they will raise a
sufficient amount to meet the expenditures of
the Government, to lay by the one per cent,
for the sinking fund and leave a surplus, and
we shall undoubtedly have a large increase of
the revenues. I hope the vote will not be
reconsidered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. FOWLER (when his name was called)
said: I am paired on this question with the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Moiiton.] If he
were here he would vote for this motion, and
I should vote against it.
Mr. SHERMAN (when Mr. Mokton's name
was called) said : The Senator from Indiana,
not being very well, is paired with the Senator
from Tennessee, [Mr. Fowler.]
Mr. FOWLER. I have just stated that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was not aware of it.
Mr. SAWYER. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Comling.] If he-were present he would vote
"nay, " and I should vote "yea."
Mr. BOREMAN, (after having voted in the
affirmative.) I voted under a misapprehen-
sion. I am paired on this question with the
Senator from California, [Mr. Com.] I there-
fore desire to withdraw my vote. If he were
here lie would vote "nay," and I should vote
"yea."
The result was then announced—yeas 26,
nays 25 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cragin, Drake,
Edmunds, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Howell, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson, Pool,
Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Sehurz. Sherman, Spencer.
Sprague, Tipton, Warner, Willoy, Williams, and
Wilson—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bavard, Cameron, Casserly, Cor-
bott, Davis, Fen ton. Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Harris. Johnston,Kellosg, Lewis, MeCreery, McDon-
ald, Pomeroy, Revels, Robertson, Ross, Scott, Stew-
art, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull, and
Vickers—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Carpenter, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of
Texas, Howard, Morton, Norton, Osborn, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Thayer, and Yates—21.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. Now, as the vote is recon-
sidered, I renew the amendmentwhich I offered
to make the tax two and a half per cent, for
two years, 1871 and 1772, and no longer. I
believe the Secretary has the amendment in
proper form.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It it proposed to amend
the first portion of section thirty-five so that
it will read :
That there shall^be levied and collected during the
years 1871 and 1S72, and no longer, annually, a tax
of two and a half per cent, upon the gains, &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that amendment pend-
ing?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Massachusetts
to propose that amendment.
Mr. _ EDMUNDS. May I inquire of the
Chair if I have spoken on that amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has not spoken on this specific amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Am I entitled to speak
upon it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
so understands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; I will go on.
Now, Mr. President, 1 was saying when,
through the politeness of my friend from Ore-
gon and the Chair, I was cut off, that the Demo-
cratic party could well afford to echo the lead
of my friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
upon the subject of crying "Down with the
taxes," because their policy may be—I do not
say that it is, for tliey are "all honorable
men"—to bring the Government into diffi-
culty, and to show us in a couple of years,
when we again go to the people to elect a Presi-
dent, that we are in a state of deficit, and that
the public revenue does not equal the public
expenditures, and then we shall have no relief
to offer to the people cxcept in the form of
increased taxes. They can enjoy the fun of
taking off taxes without any of the responsi-
bility which belongs to the party in power for
keeping the Government upon its feet. - So
that I am not at all surprised to hear ray elo-
quent friend from New Jersey, [Mr. Stock-
ton,] in addition to the fact that he'lives on
one of the greatest lines of railroad in the
world, also back my friend from. Massaeliu
