3210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
tions only to the mile. I trust that the bill will
be put on its passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a tbird
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
preemption settlers in nebraska.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 713) for the relief of preemption set-
tlers in the land district of West Point, in the
State of Nebraska ; which was considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Public LandB reported
the bill with amendments. The first amend-
ment was in line four, to strike oat the words
14 West Point land district in the," and in line
eight, after the word ''withdrawal," to insert
the words 4' for railroad, grants so that the
bill will read:
That settlers upon the public domain within the
limits of the State of Nebraska, who, prior to thelst
day of J anuary, 1870, had filed their declaratory state-
ments under the preemption laws for tracts onee
offered at publiosale, and afterward included in the
lateral limits of any withdrawal for railroad grants,
where such lands were at date of filing, as aforesaid,
subject to disposal under said preemption laws, and
who, through erroneous belief that by such with-
drawal the lands so settled uponand claimed became
subject to the designation of " unoffered " lands, have
failed to make the proof and payment required by
law within one year from the date of alleged settle-
ment. shall be, and they are hereby, allowed and au-
thorized to make such proof and payment within one
year from the passage of this act, upon showing a
full compliance with all other provisions of the pre-
emption laws.
The amendment was agreed to.
' Mr. HARLAN. I should-be glad if the hon-
orable Senator who reported this bill would
explain the purpose of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is
another amendment reported from the com-
mittee. Shall that amendment be acted upon
first?
Mr. HARLAN. Certaiply.
The next amendment was to add to the bill
the following proviso:
Provided* That such settlements were upon the
even-numbered sections, and do not include, cases
declared to be invalid by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office.
Mr. HARLAN. That will cover the point
I had in my mind.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to theSenate as amend-
ed, and thq amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
The title of the bill was amended so as to
read "A bill for the relief of preemption set-
tlers in the State of Nebraska."
m'pherson monument.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 273) donating con-
demned cannon to the McPherson Monument
Association ; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of War to deliver to the McPher-
son Monument Association such number of
condemned bronze guns as maybe required by
that association to be used in the erection or
ornamentation of a monument to the late Major
General James B. McPherson.
Mr. WARNER. I claim the indulgence of
the Senate for a few minutes.
, Mr. President, I speak on this resolution with
feelings of unusual interest, crowing out of
the remarkable character of the man whom it
is intended to honor, and of my long asso-
ciation during the late war with him. I first
met him just after we had fought so Success-
fully the battle of Fort Donelson, when he
was a lieutenant colonel on the staff of Gen-
eral Grant, and from that time until the hour
of his death I was in the same army, cam-
paigns, and battles with him. During the ever-
memorable and brilliant Atlanta campaign it
was my honor to serve as an inspector general
on the staff of General Sherman, and as such
was brought much in contact with General
McPherson, and had large opportunities of
learning his character and services, and the
regard in which he was held by the Army and
by his military peers and superiors. That
esteem was in some respects peculiar. Gen-
eral Sherman had, above all others, the
supreme confidence of the entire Army in his ;
military skill and bold energy, and none stood
higher for personal patriotism, purity, and in-
tegrity—an integrity of Roman firmness, rigid-
ity, and self-denial. These qualities are well
shown in his refusal to accept, in the beginning
ofthe Atlanta campaign, acommission asmajor
general in the regular Army, on the ground that
the Government had already sufficiently re-
warded and honored him for his services, and
that it should be held up as a prize for the most
meritorious service during the campaigns then
about to be begun, of Atlanta and the Wilder-
ness. General Thomas, in his Washingtonian
greatness, solidity, and purity, had universal
respect and confidence throughout the entire
Army. General Schofield, though less widely
known than either Sherman or Thomas, yet had
the entire confidence and perfect respect of his
own army, and of all who were competent to
judge him, as a soldier of skill and courage, and
asapure patriot and just man. But McPher-
son, added to the utmost confidence in his mili-
tary skill and personal courage, had such noble
beauty of form and countenance, such winning
gentleness of expression and manner; his face,
which in repose had an expression of almost
womanly sweetness, would so lightup and blaze
with fiercest courage and daring in the moment j
of battle, that, in danger he was worshiped as
a hero; in quiet regarded in tenderest love as
a man. It Becraeaas though the love of the
beautiful one whom he worshipped, but whom
the fates in blind cruelty decreed he might
never wed, so lighted the noble soul which God
gave him as to illuminate his face and make
gentle and true and winning his life, his own
love attracting to him the love of all other men.
And then the circumstances of his life and
death were so touching and tragic. At two
o'clock of the morning of the memorable 22d
of July, 1864, when General Sherman's.army
was laying close siege to Atlanta, I was called
by him and ordered to go to General McPher-
son, some six miles distant on our left, and
inform him that the enemy had evacuated his
works in front of our center, and with direc-
tions for him to pursue by certain roads in case
the enemy had abandoned his whole line and
Atlanta. I found him at daylight in bed.
Waking him up, hegave instantly the necessary
orders for a reconnoissance to ascertain the
movements of the enemy. We ate breakfast
tpgether, mounted our horses, rode to the front,
and found the enemy had only retired about
a mile to an inner and shorter line. We then
rode to his skirmish line and outside of it, and
a mile in front of the ground on which the great :
battle was fought later in the day, passing twice i
over the spot on which he fell a few hours later, j
Very near this spot we met General G. M. >
Dodge, and then General McPherson gave him i
the order to halt his two divisions of the six- i
teenth corps, which were then marching by the j
flank in a direction at right angles to our line,
the head of the column being then less than a
mile from our extreme left. Neither McPher-
son nor Dodge nor General Frank P. Blair,
who was with us, then comprehended the mighty
and happy influence which this order, given
only to await the intrenching by working parties
of the extended and advanced line on our left,
which Dodge was to occupy, was to have on
the day's battle, whose stillness was even then
upon us. One may well regard it as providential.
No one then knew or thought that Hood had
during the night before contracted his line so as
to be able to spare Hardee with a corps of ten
to fifteen thousand men, to make by a night
march of fifteen miles a circuit round our left
to attack us in flank and rear, and who was '
then, just out of our sight, forming his troops |
for the attack. We left the field on our left I
and rode rapidly to the center, to General Sher-
man, at the Howard House, an abandoned pri-
vate dwelling near the center of our line and
within easy reach of the enemy's rifles. Oa
our way we halted for a few moments at the
tent of Major General Frank P. Blair. While
there Blair's surgeon reported that rebel cav-
alry had been seen near the hospital of the
seventeenth corps, which held our left. It wa3
also reported to McPherson that rebel cavalry
had been seen near his headquarters, located
in the rear of our left, on Decatur road. The
necessary orders were given by McPherson and
Blair to guard against dashe3 of bauds of cav-
alry, but no importance was attached by any
one to the fact of their appearance, as it was
so common, though in fact it was the first pat-
terings of the great storm of battle which was
so soon to burst upon the two armies and pros-
trate in wounds and death ten thousand brave
men. A few moments after dismounting at
General Sherman'b headquarters the sharp,
rattling fire of musketry was heard in the direc-
tion of our left rear. Sherman and McPherson
listened to it attentively for a few moments,
both detecting in it the decisive sound of com-
ing battle, when McPherson quickly mounted
his horse and rode rapidly toward it. In less
than two hours his dead body was laid at Sher-
man's feet on the porch of the Howard House.
In riding from the right of General Dodge's
line through the interval that separated it from
the left of Leggett's division of the seventeenth
corps by a blind road through the woods,
attended only by an orderly, his Staff having
all been sent away with orders for the conduct
of the battle, he was halted by a squad of rebel
infantry and ordered to surrender. Raising*
his hat as if in token of surrender he essayed
to rein his horse quickly away and plunge into
the woods and escape. The rebels, instantly
detecting his purpose, fired a volley, and the
brave aud chivalrous McPherson fell to rise
no more.
I can never forget the touching scene at the
Howard House as his body lay there still and
beautiful in death. McPherson was betrothed
to a girl of rare beauty and worth in Baltimore,
and had the promise of a leave of absence in
the spring of 1864 to go to Baltimore and be
married. The exigencies of the military ser-
vice, in connection with the grand movements
of the Atlanta and Wilderness campaigns,
which General Grant directed should be begun
simultaneously, compelled General Sherman
to the painful necessity of denying this leave.
He wrote a kind and touching letter to the
girl, taking the whole responsibility, and beg-
ging her to consider that General McPherson
had no option but obedience or soldierly dis-
honor, and promising him leave the earliest
time the service would allow. As we looked
on his face, pale and cold in death, even the
remembrances of his virtues and his value to
the Army and to the country was hushed in
the thought of the deep love which but a few
hours before had lent such light to his eyes
and such geniality to his manners, and of the
irreparable sorrow soon to come to one from
whom death had so cruelly snatched her beau-
tiful hero. Sherman slowly paced the floor,
frequently stopping short to receive reports of
the progress of the fight, or to give orders for
its conduct, or to gaze into the lifeless face of
his beloved captain, the tears meanwhile rap-
idly coursing down his war-worn face.
Mr. President, the tears shed on the battle-
field over his dead body by his great chief
Teeumseh and his brave men, would have
made his most fitting monument, had the skill
of other than a divine artist been equal to the
task of gathering them in the form in which
they fell, and of giving them the perpetuity as
they had the radiance of diamonds, of fashion-
ing them into "a form of beauty," sparkling
in God's light while time shall last the story
of his virtues. But earth caught them, mingled
with the blood of those who shed them, and
her flowers, nourished by them, will be nature's
