4154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
reports of committees.
Mr. SHE KM AN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (H. E. No. 2115) to provide for the appoint-
ment of an Assistant Treasurer of the United
States at Baltimore, to report it back without
amendment. The Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Vickers] is very desirous to have this
matter acted upon immediately. If the bill
is to pass before the 1st of July it ought to be
passed now, so as to allow the change to be
made at that time. I think, therefore, it may
as well be acted upon at the present time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think I must object,
not on the subject of the bill, but I desire to
pass some bills also that ought to be acted
upon. By a majority vote the Senator can
pass this bill to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill will beplaced upon the Calendar.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1831) to confirm the title
to the Rancho del Rio Grande, in New Mex-
ico, to the heirs and legal representatives of
the original grantees thereof, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. DRAKE, from the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 649) to incorporate the Univer-
sity for the Blind in the District of Columbia,
reported adversely thereon, and moved the
indefinite postponement of the bill; which was
agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 213) authorizing a change of
location of a certain railroad in the State of
Minnesota ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 214) for the further relief
of the officers of the fourth and fifth Indian
regiments; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 215) granting condemned
ordnance for a soldiers' monument at Provi-
dence, Rhode Island; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. ANTHONY. This resolution simply
proposes to give some condemned cannon for
a soldiers' monument, and I shall be very
much obliged to the Senate if they will put it
on its passage. I am sure there will be no
objection to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs. We
have had a promise from that committee that
they would consider whether we had any can-
non to spare, and I think they ought to look
at this resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. Before the resolution is
referred I propose to add an amendment to it
to strengthen it: " and also to make the same
appropriation for a soldiers' monument at
Bucksport, Maine."
Mr. ANTHONY. I should be very happy
to accept that amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And I want condemned
cannon for a monument at Burlington, Vermont.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution, with the proposed amendment, will be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No.
977) to grant the right of way through the pub-
lic lands to the Arkansas and Delta railroad,
and to aid in the construction of Bamg;
which was read twice by its title, referj^d to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
printing of an amendment.
Mr. BOREMAN. Some days since the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] offered
an amendment to the bill (S. No. 256) in rela-
tion to bridges across the Ohio river, which
was ordered to be printed. I desire to offer
an amendment to that amendment, and ask
that it be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order to
print will be made.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested:
Abill (H. R. No. 1828) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1871; and
Abill (H. R. No. 2045) to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes.
land office report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The next busi-
ness in order is the consideration of the reso-
lutions on the Calendar which have been laid
over. The Secretary will read the first reso-
lution.
The Chief Clerk. The first resolution on
the Calendar is the resolution offered by Mr.
Williams, on the 20th of May, to print extra
copies of the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office for 1869, with the report
of the Committee on Printing thereon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it is agreeable to the
Senate, I move to pass over all the resolutions
down to the resolution we were considering
yesterday, so that we can get the sense of the
Senate on the question of the new rule limiting
debate upon appropriation bills.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not understand that it
is competent for the Senator from Vermont to
move to pass over the entire Calendar of reso-
lutions and proceed to a particular one that
he wishes acted on.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I said ''if agreeable to
the Senate."
Mr. DRAKE. I hope it will not be done.
I will state that by an accident merely I hap-
pened to be out of the Senate yesterday when
a motion of mine upon the Calendar was called
up and failed of adoption by one or two votes.
The honorable Senator from Ohio has moved
to reconsider that vote, and I desire to take
the sense of the Senate upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the first resolution, that offered by
the Senator from Oregon in regard to printing
extra copies of the report of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, will be passed
over.
reduction of taxation.
The next resolution on the Calendar was the
resolution offered by Mr. Sherman, to place
the bill (S. No. 890) to reduce taxation on the
Calendar of special orders.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that that resolu-
tion be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
atlantic and pacific railroad.
The next resolution on the Calendar was the
resolution submitted by Mr. Drake, on the
20th of May, to place the bill (S. No. 401) to
amend an act entitled "An act granting lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from the States of Missouri and
Arkansas to the Pacific coast by the southern
route," approved July 27, 1866, upon the Cal-
endar of special orders; which was yesterday
rejected, the pending question being on the
motion to reconsider, made by Mr. Sherman-.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that I made
this motion to reconsider for the simple reason
that I think this bill and the other bill, which
was yesterday made a special order against
my vote, should be considered together. They
contain provisions that ought to be considered
in connection, and if one bill is a special order
the other ought to be. This, I understand, is
the Atlantic and Pacific railroad, and the
other is the Southern Pacific.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You had better move to
reconsider the vote making the other a special
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. That has been made a
special order by a two-thirds vote, and I do not
propose to reconsider that. I think they ought
to stand on the same footing.
Mr. HOWARD. The Texas railroad bill
is already a special order, made so yesterday.
Mr. SHERMAN. So I understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio did not vote on the "prevailing side in
regard to the other special order. That vote
was taken by yeas and nays. The question
now is on reconsidering the vote by which the
Senate refused to agree to this resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am reluctant to object
to anybody's doing anything here if the object
is to make progress ; but I must say that it
will be a little extraordinary, it will strike peo-
ple in the country with a little surprise, if we
elevate land-grant and railroad bills to the
head of the Calendar when there is so much
business that affects the public interests, and
private interests in the mere doing of justice
to people "who have cases on the Calendar,
leaving them in the lurch at the foot; and for
that reason, although I dare say I am for this
bill if I understand its provisions, it does not
seem to me to be right to make it a special
order; but I do not want to take up time in
debating the motion.
Mr. DRAKE. I will say one word in regard
to this matter. This is a bill of only two or
three sections, simply to give legislation which
it is necessary this company should have that
has now its road completed to the western
boundary of Missouri or within a few miles of
it. It gives no land; it incurs no liability on
the part of the Government, but simply pro-
vides them with needed legislation, and it is
very important to them that they should be
able to go straight on with their enterprise and
not be stopped at the western boundary of
Missouri for a year or two.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg merely to say that
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad had this
bill under consideration and gave it very mature
consideration, and in their opinion it is a bill
that ought to be acted upon as soon as possi-
ble, in order to enable the company to proceed
with their work. The company are now at
work with perfect good faith and with remark-
able energy toward the completion of the work;
but further legislation is absolutely necessary
to their success. I hope the Senate will place
this bill on the Calendar of special orders.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ate will not place on the Calendar of special
orders anything which is not of an absolutely
public character. At this stage of the session
1 do not think the Senate can afford to place
on the Calendar of special orders, with a view
of giving it priority, any bill that is not of an
absolutely public character. I hope, there-
fore, no assignment of any kind may be made.
Mr. DRAKE. This is a bill of a public
character, and I hope the Senator from Maine
will not object to the motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I supposeithas
a public character, but it is a land-grant bill.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is it?
Mr. DRAKE. No land grant, but it is to
provide a railroad company, which has here-
tofore received a land grant from Congress,
with two or three sections of legislation abso-
lutely necessary to enable them to go on with
their work beyoud the western boundary of
Missouri.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That of course
is private in the sense in which 1 am speaking.
