2266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 29,
an admiral, a captain kept from, being a com-
modore, a commander from being a captain,
and so down to the ensign. One officer in every
grade is kept one grade below that to which he
would be otherwise entitled; and it is no dis-
paragement to those who have received the vote
of thanks to say that among those who are posi-
tively injured by it are men who are entitled to
any honor which the country can give to any
of its officers.
To generous minds the consciousness of this
injustice, the fact that their continued rank and
pay are assessed upon their juniors, deprives
the distinction of much of its gratification. The
law tells them positively: "For your gallant
deeds you shall have a high reward, but that
reward shall be so much taken from your
brethren, from your younger brethren, some
of whom you regard almost as your children;
those who have fought with you under the same
flag and in the same battles; those who stood
by your side when together you drove through
the"obstructions at Mobile and swept past the
flaming batteries at New Orleans; those whose
blood, flowing with your own, reddened the
same slippery deck at Fort Fisher." Mr. Presi-
dent, this is not the way in which this great
country desires to reward its defenders. We
do not desire, the country does not desire, that
when an officer has cut his way to promotion
with his sword he shall find it blocked against
him by a joint resolution of Congress. If I
have succeeded in calling the attention of the
Senate to the practical operation of the exist-
ing system, I shall look with confidence for the
passage of the joint resolution which I have
been instructed by the committee to report.
Mr. President, this joint resolution has been
thoroughly examined in the committee; the
report is unanimous; and if there be^ no objec-
tion to it, as it is a matter of such plain justice,
I ask that it be put on its passage now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would object to any-
thing in the world this morning; but to-morrow
1 shall not object to anything coming from the
Senator from Rhode Island. I wish very much
t o get at a motion that is pending in the regu-
lar order.
Mr. POMEROY. This matter will lead to
discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made, and the joint resolution cannot now be
considered.
lillil.S INTRODUCED.
Mr. NYE. I have the petition of Luis Mesa,
of California, asking that her claim to the
"Corral de Tierra" be adjudicated by the
United States court in California, with an ac-
companying bill. I desire to present the peti-
tion and the bill and the accompanying papers
and have them referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 718) to authorize
the distx-ict court of the United States for the
district of California to hear and determine
upon its merits tlie claim of Luis Mesa to a
certain tract of land in California called Cor-
ral de Tierra; which was read by its title,
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 719) for the relief of John R. Bennett, late
register of the land office at Chatfield, Minne-
sota ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 720) for the improvement of the Umpqua
river, in the State of Oregon ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLINGr asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 721) to prevent and punish election frauds ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the J udiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 722) to establish the western judicial district
of Wisconsin ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
723) inrelationto the circuit court of the United
States in and for the district of Missouri; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. OSBORN submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (S._ No. 438)
granting lands to aid in the construction of cer-
tain railroads in the State of Florida; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed..
Mr. THAYER submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
974) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1871; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and o^ered to be printed.
texas judicial district.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to make a
report. The Committee on the Judiciary have
reported a bill in regard to additional judi-
cial force in Texas to provide for the case there
of a judge of that court who is incapacited per-
manently to perform the duties of his office,
and anthoriuing the appointment of an asso-
ciate justice of the court. That bill is upon
the Calendar of the Senate. In the mean time
the bill ('11. R. No. 15!)8) to facilitate the
administration of justice in the State of Texas
comes here, referred to the committee, accom-
plishing the same result by allowing that judge
to resign and draw his salary. The commit-
tee instruct me to report back the House bill,
and ask the Senate to consider it this morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
order op business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Resolutions are
now in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. I want the Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Calendar of
resolutions will be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the first resolution on the Calen-
dar.
The Secretary. The firsL resolution on
the Calendar is the concurrent resolution of
the House of Representatives for the appoint-
ment of a joint committee to consider and
report upon the policy proper to be pursued
by the United States toward the Indian tribes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that that bo
placed at the foot of the Calendar.
Mr. STEWART. I hope not. Let us go
on and dispose of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
motion is that it be placed at the foot of the
Calendar. A motion to pass it over has pre-
cedence.
Mr. SHERMAN. I state simply that I
wish to get at the Texas bill. I move to pass
over this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to passover the resolution.
Mr. HARLAN. I think a vote can be taken
on it without discussion.
Mr. STEWART. If, will takebuta moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Ohio on the right of the Chair [Mr. Thdrmax]
moved the last time this resolution was con-
sidered that it be placed at the foot of the
Calendar. The other Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] now moves that it be passed over,
which has priority under the new rule, The
question is on that motion-
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather have the
and nays and let us test the question. I
avow that my purpose is to reach the motion
to discharge the Committee, on the Judiciary
from the consideration of the Texas bill.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Is debate in order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate is not in
order. ,
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WARNER. Some Senators do not un-
derstand the question. I ask that it may be
stated. „ „
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first resolu-
tion on the Calendar is the concurrent resolu-
tion of the House _ of Representatives for a
special joint committee to whom shall be re-
ferred the subject of the propriety of a change
or modification of the Indian policy. _ Under
the new rule, the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] moves that this resolution be passed
over, stating his object to be to reach the res-
olution in regard to the Texas bill. The Sec-
retary will call the roll on that motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 29 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow,
Chandler, Cole, Drake, Penton, Gilbert. Hamlin, Har-
ris, Howard, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Osborn, Pratt, Bevels, Schurz, Seott,
Sherman, Spraguo, Sumner. Thayor, Tipton, War-
ner, Willoy, Williams, and Wilson—29.
NAYS—-Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Buckingham,
„anienter, Casserly, Conkling.Corbett, Davis,Ferry,
Hamilton, llarlan, llowo, Howell, Johnston, Me-
Croery, McDonald, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Poine-
roy, Xvamsey.Kiee, Ross, Sawyer, Stewart, Stockton,
Thurman, Trumbull, and Vickers—29.
ABSBNX'—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Cragm, M-
niunds, i'owlev, Kelloge, Pool. Robertson, Saulsbury,
Spencer, and Yates—If.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair votes
in the affirmative, and the resolution is passed
over. The Secretary will report the next res-
olution.
The Secretary. The next resolution is that
of Mr. Cole, to instruct the Committee oil
Finance to inquire into the expediency of in-
creasing the tax on distilled spirits.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that it be passed
over.
Mr. COLE. Let it be passed over.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next resolution.
The Secretary. The next resolution on tlie
Calendar is one submitted by Mr. Carpenter
on the 18th of December last in relation to
gun-boa! s built or contracted for in the United
States on behalf of the Government of Spain.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make the same motion
in regard to that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest, that a motion
might be made to pass over all intermediate
orders, and to reach tlie one the Senate desires
to take up. ["No," "no."]
Mr. SHERMAN. T will submit that motion
if it is in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require
unanimous consent, for any Senator can de-
mand a division of the motion. The Senator
from Ohio moves to pass over this resolution.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish the resolution might
be read before we act on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ported.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Jiesolved, That, in the opinion of the Senate, the
thirty gun-boats purchased or contracted lor in the
United Klatesbyor on beh.il!' of theGovemmcnt of
Spain, to bo employed against the revolted district
of Cuba, should not be allowed to depart from tho
United States during the continuance of that rebel-
lion.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on this motion.
, The VICE PRESIDENT, The Senator
from Ohio demands the yeas and nays on the
motion to pass over this resolution.
Tlie yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—-yeas 48, nays 12; as follows :
ykas—Abbot t,Anthony,Boroinan,Brown-.
