1322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
be a very largeaddition to our expenditure. It
ia therefore manifest that the slmendmfint pro-
posed by him ought not to be adopted; but
what does the amendment reported from the
Military Committee to the third seetion do?
Every five years there will be a claim got up
against the Government of the United States
in behalf of these persons. The result will be
that the claim agents will get up every five
years this claim for seventy-five dollars, and
will substantially get all the money. Under the
third section you introduce into our pension
laws an element of uncertainty. The pension
laws are now framed on the idea that pensions
are paid in proportion to disability -
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator "will allow
me, I will abandon the third section if this
amendment be withdrawn so that we can pass
the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly, I will with-
draw my amendment with that understanding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the third section will bo regarded as
ctri(>lfon Ant
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not touch
your point
Mr. CAMERON. Read the third section.
The Chief Clerk read B3 follows:
Skc. 3. And be it further enacted. That every soldier
who lost a limb during the late war, but iron: the
nature of his injury was not able to uso an artificial
limb, and consequently received none from the Gov-
ernment, shall be entitled to receive the money
value thereof at the following rates, namely: for
artificial legs, sevens-five dollars; for arms, fifty
dollar?; for feet, fifty dollars; for apparatus for
'resection, fifty dollars."
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that section will be regarded as
stricken Out.
Mr. YATES. I object. -
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Mississippi bill is
before the 8enate.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that the Mississippi
bill be passed over informally.'
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts asks that the tegular order
'Repassed over informally until the pending bill
be disposed of or objection be made. The Chair
hears no objection to that course.
Mr. YATES. There is an instance of a sol-
dier now at our door who has come to see me,
-who has lost his arm at the shoulder. We can-
not Supply him with an artificial limb; and
where could there be a more meritorious case?
Mr; SHERMAN. He draws a full pension
for complete, disability, I suppose.
Mr. YATES. I tfnow that; but there are
thousands in that same condition* I under-
stand they all draw their pensions. Those
cases are so meritorious at this time, and have
such a just claim for relief that I must not be
told that because there would be a little uncer-
tainty in the examination of the cases, because
the Pension Office might have some difficulty
•in selecting the proper cases, or because even
the Government might make a mistake in ten
thousand cases, therefore relief must not be
afforded to those who are worthy. I see no
propriety in striking out that section. I am
opposed to striking it out. I would rather
have a vote upon it. I wish to record my vote
against striking out; that section upon the yeas
'and nays, and I demand the yeas and nays
•npOn striking it out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood the Senator from Vermont to withdraw
his amendment; and the Senator from Massa-
chusetts moves to reconsider the vote on
striking out the third section. The question is
on the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the Senate refused to strike out the third sec-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We can report the bill
to the Senate, which will enable us to act upon
it again and save that trouble.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be reported to the Sen-
ate with the third section ita as amended, after
which the question can be taken again on
striking it out.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I move to strike
out the third section.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust it will not, be
stricken out. I think the section a proper one,
and it will meet a good many cases for which
there has been no preparation. I remember
a case in my own neighborhood where a man
apparently has his full vision, but received a
wound in his head the effect of which is that he
cannot see half a yard before him ; and yet
because he can see a little the Pension Office
refuses to give him any pension but eight dol-
lars a month. He is entirely disabled from
work. His profession before he went to war
was a school-teacher. He is a ma* of excel-
lent character, prudent, industrious, and patri-
otic. He went out to the war, and in some
battle was wounded in his head slightly, but
so as to destroy the use of his eyes. He is a
proper object of compassion; he is a proper
object of a pension by the Government. I do
not care what the sum total of the pensions
may be; we had better pay a liberal allowance
to those gallant and good men who went out
to the war and saved the country than to waste
the money in extravagance, as we should prob-
ably do. I believe the taxes now imposed by
the laws of the country are sufficient to pay
not only the interest of the public debt and
secure at the proper time the payment of the
debt itself, bntto increase your pension-list to
double its present amount. Suppose you do
put fifteen or twenty million dollars a year upon
the country to support Our patriotic disabled
soldiers who so heroically rushed to their
country's defense, let us collect the revenue
more closely and husband our resources and
we shall not feel what we pay to these poor
men.'1 I trust that we shall not strike out this
eecttoft.: 1 do not want to occupy the time
of the Senate on1 a subject which everybody
understands flmd upon which everybody here
has the strongest interest, and therefore I will
;gay no more.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from Illinois {Mr. Yates]
to demand the yeas and nays on the motion
of the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
to strike out the third section of the bill.
Mr. YATES. Yes, sir.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to say one word on this question in
addition to what the Senator from Ohio has so
well said. I do not want to be misunderstood
about it. There is no doubt that it would be
an advantage to a great many of these soldiers
to receive this money; most of them, no doubt,
would make a good use of the money; but the
objection to it is that it is legislating piece-
meal; it is selecting out a few men from a
large class of persons who have been injured
just as much, whose wounds have been just as
severe, and whose wounds ate just as apparent
to the eye, just as apparent to the sense, as
these are, and who are now provided for as
these are upon a carefully graduated scale of
equality by the pension laws. Now, this is in
one instance to disturb that equality by paying
money to a Boldier on account of his disability.
The Senator from Illinois says that he has
just seen a soldier who had his arm amputated
so close to the shoulder that he cannot use an
artificial limb. Undoubtedly that is bo ; but
only a few days ago a soldier came to me with
his eyes gone, ana yet the law only gives him
twenty-five dollars a month. He cannot live
upon it; he wants his pension increased ; and
he is only an illustration of one of thousands
of cases. Now, are you to give $100 to the
man who has lost his arm and but half as
much to the man who has lost both his eyes ?
Of course you cannot do it justly. What,
then, are we to do ? If we are to act upon
this subject otherwise than by a specific fur-
nishing of a limb, which cannot be lost or
thrown away conveniently, and cannot be used
for any other purpose—which is one thing—
and to go into the matter of paying money to
disabled soldiers, you ought to treat them
justly, all alike, and you ought to consider
them all together, so as to deal justly and fairly
by the whole body. That is the point. There-
fore that provision ought not to be introduced
into this bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 31; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Edmunds, Fenton. Ferry, Hamilton, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Pomcroy, Rob-
ertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Sprngue,
Stewart, Trumbull, and Wilson—21.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Boreinan, Brownluw,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carp enter. Chandler. Crasin,
Davis, Fowler, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris. Howard.
Howell, McCreery, McDonald, Morton, .Nye, Pratt,
Rice, Schurz, Spencor, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Yickers, Warner, Willey, Williams, and Yates—31.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cattcll,
Drake, Gilbert, Howe, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewir,
Norton, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, ltoss, Stockton,
and Thurman—16.
So the motion to strike out the third section
was rejected.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer this amendment to
add to the second section——
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems that this bill
is going to take some time, and I feel com-
pelled to call for the order of the day.
Mr. SAWYER. There will be no objection
to the amendment I offer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will hear it read. If
there is to be simply a vote I shall not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from South Carolina is to add
to the second section :
Provided, That the benefits of this act shall not be
extended to any soldier of the war of 1812, or the
war with Mexico, who aided or abetted the cause
of the late rebellion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not propose to debate
this bill, but to make a suggestion. I think it
is a little doutful whether the entire bill does
not apply to confederate soldiers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, I think we had
better have the order of the day.
Mr. WILSON. Let the bill go over.
Mr. TRUMBULL; I call, for the order of
the day.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the joint resolution (S. R. No.
2) for the relief of John E. Reeside, having
been presented to the President of the United
States on the 3d instant and not having been
approved or returned by him within ten days,
as required by the Constitution of the United
States, to the Senate, in which it originated,
has become a law under the provisions of the
Constitution.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 60) to close the land sys-
tem in eertain States;
A bill (H. R. No. 840) amendatory of the
organic law of Colorado Territory, and for
other purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 115) relative
to the legislative fund of Washington Territory.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 117) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to place at the disposal of Bridges s
'Battery Association at Chicago, Illinois, cer-
tain captured ordnance; and it was thereupon
signed oy the Vice President.
STATS OF MISSISSIPPI.
The Sftnate, as in Committee of the Whok,
renamed the consideration of the bill ("•
