1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5099
setts in insisting that this tax and that tax and
every tax, one by one, shall go off.
Now, as one supporter ofthis Administration,
and as one .having some faith in the propriety
of having the people bear reasonable burdens
now, in order that they may be decreased by
and by, gradually, 1 am opposed to stripping
fiom the tax list everything that has come to
be a settled and secure source of revenue, and
one that bears as lightly on the people, say
what you will of it, as both these taxes do—
both the income tax and the tax on gross re-
ceipts. If it is necessary, let us keep them
both; because one is a tax which, if it be
taken off, will bo merely taken off for the ben-
elit of the people who receive, not for the
benefit of the people who pay. It is not at all
like the case of sales, as my friend from Ore-
gon has said, where a merchant has the tax on
Ins sales taken off, which is for the benefit of
the consumer, for the reason that everybody
can be a merchant; everybody can go into
that business; but everybody cannot go into
the business of carrying passengers for fare
over railway lines. There is the difference.
There is not the competition in what all the
world know to be these great monopolies that
there is in the private affairs of men ; and
therefore when you relieve such monopolies
from taxation in a large degree you do not
relieve the people who pay them the fares and
other income that they receive from them,
because there is no means for any man who is
dissatisfied, except as my friend from Ohio
says, by public clamor, to persuade them for
their own interest to come to a reasonable
point.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance
has demonstrated to us, as the Secretary of
the Tieasury has reported to us, that if we
intend to show ar balance on the proper side
of the ledger at the end of this year we must
keep some of the taxes; and yet Senators
beem disposed to vote them all off. I should
prefer, as I have said, because I think it would
be more nearly right, to retain the tax upon
these corporations and upon these sources of
amusement and vice, and to leave off the taxe3
upon income, which in a large degree are taxes
upon labor. I should have no objection to a
tax on the income of realized property. But
inasmuch as the Senate decline to do that, I,
speaking for my constituents, am willing to
stand by the income tax.
Now I have said what I could have said a
little more briefly some time ago if I had had
the opportunity.
Mr. THURMAN. My friend from Vermont
seems to think there is some deep Democratic
policy in the votes that are cast on this side of
tllp Chamber.
Mr. EDMONDS. Oh, no; not deep. I
never knew of any such Democratic policy as
that.
Mr. TIIURMAN. No ; perhaps not. Still
it is very wonderful, if it is shallow, that it
should trouble so deep a man as the Senator
from Vermont. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not trouble me
at all.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I should suppose his
equanimity and philosophy would not be trou-
bled at any shallow thing ; that it was only
when he had some well-founded fear that he
would be disturbed. 1 beg leave to assure him
that if Democratic policy induced these votes
it seems to me the Democracy for once in the
world are wrong, and for once in the world
are very short-sighted; for I do really think
that nothing can make the dominant party
moie unpopular than for them to keep up pre-
cisely these two taxes. If you see fit to keep
them in force, do it, and see whether you will
nu.ke popularity with the people of this coun-
try by it.
"Ymi came into power declaring that you
would introduce economy in the Government;
that there should be reform ; that there snould
be no mote Audy Johnson wastefulness; al-
though, forsooth, Andy Johnson had not a
corporal's guard in either branch of Congress,
and therefore had no more control over the
wastefulness of the Government than the em-
peror of Russia had over it. But that was the
promise you made when you came into power.
Now, redeem that promise, or let judgment go
against you. If you cannot redeem it, if you
cannot reduce taxation, if you are obliged to
keep these taxes on the statute-book, the most
onerous and unpopular taxes that ever were
on it, confess it, and then confess at the same
time that the promises you made to the people
were promises to the ear, promises to the hope,
but promises not to be performed.
I grant that if you have a few more such
"honest" men in the Government as the late
collector at New York you may have need
both for the income tax and the tax on gross
receipts, and a tax on net receipts too. A few
more such collectors will give room enough for
heavy taxation. So much for that.
I do not wish to make a party speech, and
if my friend from Vermont had not alluded to
that subject I should not have brought it in.
I am opposed to this income tax, and among
other reasons why I am opposed to it I will
tell you one which has not been alluded to.
Tho perpetuation of this income tax means the
perpetuation of a horde of unnecessary office-
holders in this country. It means the crea-
tion of a new Cabinet officer, a new department,
with the additional expense of such a depart-
ment. That is the meaning of the perpetua-
tion of the income tax. It is no use to tell
me it is limited to two years. It was limited
originally. It has expired by its limitation.
You propose to extend it now for two years,
and at the end of the two years the argument
will be just as strong for extending it two years
more, fouryears more, five years more, ad infi-
nitum, as it is now. When you have gotyour new
department of the revenue, with a new Cabinet
officer, when you have twenty or thirty thousand
office-holders in the country interested in keep-
ing up a system of taxation that gives them
employment, you will find that at the end of
two years you will have just as much opposi-
tion to a repeal of the income tax as you have
now.
I suppose my time is up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's five minutes have expired.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President——
Mr. FENTON. Will my friend inquire the
name of the collector that the Senator from
Ohio has referred to?
Mr. THURMAN. I meant collector Bailey,
wherever he was. I certainly had no allusion
to Mr. Griimell. I meant Bailey, everybody
knew.
Mr. WILSON. I regret that this tax bill
should be discussed in a partisan spirit. I see
nothing to be gained by such discussion. It
has become quite the custom of the press of
our friends whenever a little question comes
up to say, "If you do not do so and so the
party will be injured." I am tired of this petty
talk. I apprehend the Republican party, with
its grand record and its four million voters,
is not to go to pieces on any of these little
questions. If it is so weak that it cannot
perform the duties imposed upon it by its
position, let it fail.
We have paid, sir, during the last nine years
for the war, the national debt, and the interest
of the debt, about two thousand million dollars.
We have reduced the taxes by $200,000,000
already, and we propose now to reduce them
from seventy five to one hundred millions by
this bill.
I would be glad to take off the income tax
wholly and entirely ; but we propose to reduce
it at any rate one half, to carry up the exemp-
tion from $1,000 to $2,000, and have it expire
by its own limitation at the end of two years.
We propose also to reduce the duties on tea
and coffee and sugar; mtides that go into
genera! consumption. Now, is it not idir to
say to this country that if we cannot do the
whole we will do the best we can. We will
go as far as we can, and take care of tha
Treasury and the credit of the Government-.
The House of Representatives has* passed
to-day a bill funding the national debt at a.
lower rate of interest. Certainly we do not
wish to reduce our taxes so low as to affect'
the credit of the nation, nor to embarrass the
Government in funding the debt, and thus
saving millions of dollars. It does seem to
me that we ought to act in that light, to take
care of the national credit, which has been im-
proved so much during the present year. The
finances of this Government during the past
year have been managed with ability, and" to
the credit of the country." I hope to see fur-
ther improvement in this matter. I would be
glad to take off this tax, but I do not wish to
go beyond what seems to me the interest of
the Treasury of the United States.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It wiil be
again reported.
The Chief Cleric. It is proposed to amend
the thirty-fifth section, page 77, so as to read :
Th.it there shall be levied and collected (lurins
the years 1871 and 1872, and no longer, annually, a
tax of two and a half per cent, on the gains, profits,
and income, £c.
Mr. DRAKE called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. SPRAGDE. Contrary to my usual
habit, I have agreed, on the request of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] to pair
with him. If here he would vote for the abo-
lition of the income tax, and I should vote to
continue it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 21 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Chandler, Cra-
gin, Brake,Edmunds,Hamlin, Harlan,ilowell, Mor-
l ill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson, Pome*
roy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rico, Ross, Schurz. Sher-
man, Spencer, Thayer, Tipton, Warner, Willey,
"Williams, and Wilson—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Corbett, Davis,
Fen ton, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Harris,
Howe, Johnston, MeCrecry, McDonald, Revels,
Robertson, Scott, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thnr-
rnan. Trumbull, and Viekers—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Gattcll, Cole,
Conklinsr, Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of
Texas, Howard. Kellogg. Lewis, Morton, Norton,
Nye, Osborn, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Spraguc, ana
Y ates—24.
So the amendment of Mr. Wilson was
agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend 
Mr. THURMAN. I rise to a question of
order. The vote by which tho fifth or thirty-
fifth section was stricken out was reconsidered,
and then the motion pending was to strike it
out. Pending that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts moved to amend the section, and his
amendment has been agreed to. That leaves
the motion to strike out still pending. That ia
the question. ["Certainly!" "Certainly."]
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that motion is pat
I wish to move the several amendments reported
by the Committee on Finance to these income
tax sections.
Mr. EDM UND3. Wait till we vote on strik-
ing out.
Mr. SHERMAN.^ I ask the Chair whether
if the motion to strike out should fail I could
then move to amend those sections?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. The question is on strik-
ing out the sections as amended?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the;
question.
Mr. THURMAN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to say before this
motion is put that I am opposed to levying a tax
upon incomes of two and a half per cent., or.
to renewing the income tax, which has expired
by limitation and by a piedge given to the
