1870,
Tf[E' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3211
sympathetic testimony to his kindred beauty of
form as3 scrsl.
The high military renown of General Mc-
pherson, together with the possession by liiui
of those gentle qualities which won for him the
sobriquet of "the beloved McPherson," so
peculiarly distinguished him as to warrant us
in making this contribution, to aid in raising a
monument which shall tell to all future ages
of his services and fame.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, though unpre-
pared to address the Senate, I cannot permit
the opportunity to pass, as perhaps 1 shall
never have a better one, to say something in
relation to General McPherson. My personal
acquaintance with him was when the Army
started out under General Grant for Vicks-
burg. I was six months with him, and during
those six moDths I remember now that . I. be-
came more attached to him than to any'other
roan in the Army from my own or any other
State. I saw him in every variety of situa-
tion. I saw him exposing himself, as I must
confess—and perhaps that is not to his credit—
unnecessarily to danger; so much so that Gen-
eral Grant once said, "McPherson is going
too far." That was at Port Gibson, when he
was reconnoitering the position of the enemy
in some plantation houses.
Mr. President, I do not hesitate to say now
that of all the officers,of our Army, from the
General-in-Chief down to the lowest subor-
dinate officer, McPherson had more the hearts
of the Army of the Southwest than any man
dead or living. He was a soldier from head
to foot; he was a gentleman ; and when I
remembered him in those mighty struggles
which we were making to open the Mississippi
from its source to tke Gulf; when I remem-
bered how, prompt he was, while' at the same
time he was the most reticent, modest; and
retiring of all the officers of the Army ; when
I remembered his appearance, so young, so
robust—not robust in body, but in physical
etrength—with so much personal beauty; when
I heard the newg of his death, it seemed to
me it was a pity that he should die. But, sir,
he was a sacrifice upon the altar of his coun-
try; he is one of the jewels that we cast out
to Bave liberty and the country. He has gone;
but while I live I shall never reflect upon him
without a tear coming to my, eye and affection
filling my heart.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
KANSAS INDIAN LANDS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 577) for the sale of the diminished
reserve and trust lands of the Kansas or Kaw
tribe of Indians, in the State of Kansas, and
for the settlement of said Indians in the Indian
territory.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let that go over.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator will permit the Senate to act on that bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I gave notice
yesterday that I should call the attention of
. ®.Senate to the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill to-day. I think I
will make the motion to take it up now. I
nove to rescind the present order, with the
view of enabling me to submit a motion to
proceed to the consideration of the appropri-
atlon hill of which I gave notice yesterday.
, HARLAN. If the Senator will with-
hold that motion for a moment until I make
an appeal to him 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr._HARLAN. This bill in relation to the
aaw Indians in the State of Kansas and the
toll relating to the Osage Indians ought to be
ac ed on at a very early period. There has
fl®eiLa railroad constructed directly through
|ne Kaw reservation, people are going on to
e ""ids, and it is very important that
arrangements should be made at an early day
r removal of those Indians to the Iu-
dian territory, where they have agreed to go;
but no such arrangement can f>e made until
the President is authorized to dispose of their
lands and to secure a reservation for them
within the limits of that territory. The same
remark may be applied to the Osages., This
, is comparatively a short bill, and will not oc-
; cupy, I think, ten minutes of time, and its
' passage will be a great relief to the people
of the State of Kansas, particularly to those
living in the vicinity of this tribe of Indians.
The bill has been very carefully matured by
\ the Committee on Indian Affairs; and if it
; be passed with the amendments of the com-
mittee I am quite sure no evil can grow out of
it to any one.
i Mr. PATTERSON. I ask my friend from
| Iowa whether that bill is on the Calendar?
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is on the
I Calendar, but is not on the printed Calendar.
The printed Calendar is exhausted.
Mr. SUMNER. Why are we not proceed-
ing with the Calendar?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine has moved to rescind the order
under which the Senate is now acting.
Mr. SUMNER. But that motion cannot
be made except by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itisin order
to make a motion to change the order under
which the Senate has been acting.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope my friend will allow
us to finish the Calendar.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Calendar
as printed is finished ; and if not postponed
till the end of this Calendar I shall give up in
despair. The bills will come in every morn-
ing as fast as they can be disposed of. We
have now gone through with the Calendar as
priuted, and I hold that the order has been
substantially complied with. There are some
sixteen more bills reported yesterday and to-day
since the Calendar was printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are
sixteen bills on the Calendar not yet reached,
notincludingthosereported to-day. The Chair
is advised that many of the bills on the Calen-
dar are pension bills, that probably will pass
without objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am appealed
to on all sides to give way for various propo-
sitions. I do not believe there is any measure
before the Senate that compares at all in im-
portance with the bill which I present to the
Senate. I would very willingly yield to the
honorable Senator from Iowa to pass the bill
he proposes, but there are others behind me who
are just as urgent. If I can have to-day and
to-morrow I think I can secure the passage of
the appropriation bill; and then I do not pro-
pose to bring up another appropriation bill for
a week at least, during which interval of time
other bills, which must await action on the
appropriation bills, can be brought forward.
I therefore feel constrained to make this mo-
tion, and I ask the judgment of the Senate
whether I shall not be allowed to go on, with
the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill.
Mr. POMEROY/. There are several bills
which were passed over informally, to which
there were some amendments, not prepared at
the moment, to be offered—two or three at least
that I know of. I think we ought to consider
those bills that were passed over informally,,
where the amendments have since been per-
fected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senate can
recur to that order again. Senators will see
that if I put myself on my rights I can dispose
of this whole order by an objection ; but I do
not wish to do that.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand what
the Senator means by his rights.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have a right
to proceed with my bill. I think that is one
<?f the rights the Senate has ordinarily accorded
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations. I gave notice yesterday that I should
call it up to-day. I think under this rule I can
exercise the right, in common with other Sen-
ators, to object to any bill. That is all I mean.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator has the rights
of any other Senator.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think after
nine days spent on this docket in the consid-
eration of private bills I have a right to ask
the Senate of the United States to proceed to
a bill of a general character. That is what I
mean to say ; and I have a right to interpose
that general bill against the consideration of
private bills.
Mr. THAYER. I think all conflict as to
business can be removed, and we can satisfy
the Senator from Maine and the Senate. It'
we proceed this afternoon with the Calendar
we can reach the end of the Calendar and take
up every case which is on it before we adjourn.
Then I suggest that instead of dispensing with
this order, by unanimous consent we set apart
to-morrow and next day or a sufficient time to
finish the appropriation bill which the Senator
from Maine desires to bring up. I shall cer-
tainly aid him in getting up that bill for ac-
tion. We can finish the Calendar to-day, and
then agree that the Senator from Maine can
have the floor. Would that be acceptable to
him?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
finish the appropriation bill this week.
Mr. THAYER. I propose that the Senator
shall have sufficient time to pass the appro-
priation bill to which he refers.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should be glad
to have the general consent of the Senate to
take up my bill without making my motion.
Mr. THAYER. I prefer that this should be
done and not dispense with the present order,
but let the Senator have the floor on the ap-
propriation bill for to-morrow. I suggest to
the Chair to propose that to the Senate as an
arrangement.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to say a word before
that is proposed to the Senate. The bill from
the House of Representatives abolishing the
franking privilege has now been a special order
for more than two months. The House of
Representatives, as every one knows, aro im-
patient for its consideration here; and the
Senate, I have no doubt, desire its considera-
tion as well as the mass of the people. I think
I should not be doing my duty if I did not
object to anything that would displace that bill
in its proper order.
Mr. THAYER. Does the Senator object to
this proposition?
Mr. RAMSEY. Of course I object.
Mr. THAYER. I hope not. The Senator
can perform his duty by simply stating his
views, without making an objection.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether the order that was agreed to by
unanimous consent to proceed with the Calen-
dar has been executed?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not
been; but the Senator from Maine moves that
the order be rescinded.
Mr. POMEROY. Can the Senator make
that motion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opin-
ion of the Chair it is competent at any time
to move to change the order of business under
which the Senate is proceeding.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought the Senator
from Maine moved to proceed to the consider-
ation of the aporopriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine moved to rescind the order, with a
view of then making a motion to take up the
appropriation bill. The Chair will mention to
the Senator from Minnesota that the bill for
the abolition of the franking privilege will not
lose its place by this proceeding.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am aware that it will not
lose its place; but when will it come up ? It
has not lost its place, and yet months have
passed since it was made a special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one bill of gen-
