1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Northern Pacific Railway—Mr. Casserhj.
Senate.
where it was delivered, he spoke earnestly
in favor of granting the public lands as free
homesteads. He referred to the argument of
those who contended that this policy was bad
faith to those who held warrants and scrip
issued by the Government. Mr. Webster ut-
terly repelled that idea and declared his object
always to be to prevent speculations in the
public lands. This was on the just and clear
ground, the impregnable ground, that all per-
sons who take such securities hold them with
a full understanding that the power of the
United States is plenary over the subject, and
that the faith of the United States is pledged to
nothing except to the execution of its trust for
the best interests of the whole people. Such,
sir, was the great trust of our public land sys-
tem as organized in our laws, administered by
our Government, and sustained by our greatest
mid best men for so many years.
What right, Senators, have you to put off
that trust upon any others? Have you any
right, least of all, to abdicate it in favor ol' rail-
road corporations, which you know will reverse
the land system of the country and will be
controlled in their dealings with their lands
by their notions of their own interests without
the slightest regard to the interests of your
people? Not only do you know that, but you
refuse, as you have here over and over refused
deliberately by yout votes at every stage of
this measure, to enact a single provision which
shall protect the people against it. By this
course you say to the railroad companies as
plainly as though you had said it in terms:
"We have granted these lands to you for your
owu profit, and not in any degree for the use
of the people. Hold them as long as you
will and as high as you can. Bar out the
emigrant; bar out the settler; bar out the
people; keep them all out; while your lands
vise from year to year, by the enterprise and
liberality of others, until they have reached
the highest prices. Then is your harvest; we
leave you free to reap it, at whatever cost to
the whole country that is blighted by your
ownership."
1 know what would be said by us here if we
saw in any country of Europe the Government
maintaining such a policy in regard to its pub-
lic lands against its own people. I know how
eloquent would be the indignation of many a
Senator who lias been voting here deliberately
for a like policy in our own land. Yes, for a
worse policy—for this country a worse policy.
Why? Because this is a new country, and
ours is a bold, independent people ; and in
this country and among such a people this
policy is sure sooner or later to produce all the
troubles that have followed in the train of great
land companies. The Senators from Pennsyl-
vania will remember how in their own State
the possessions vested in the Connecticut land
company led to long civil broils, and finally to
bloodshed little short of civil war.
The Holland land company of western New
York produced its troubles also. They wore
less violent because society was then more con-
solidated and the law had more authority. But
along the lines of this great railroad society is
still new; the people have the frontier temper.
You stir up strife by your policy and render
disturbances sure, in man everywhere the
longing for land is inherent. With the Ameri-
can man of the great West the living idea is
that his right to a homestead on the land of
his country is as clear as any other right ho
knows. How long do you suppose the hardy
populations of the great central plains that
stretch in richness and beauty along the line
of this railroad from the great lakes to the
Pacific will acquiesce in a policy which does
violence to all (he instincts, traditions, and
convictions of the American people? It is
therefore in the name of public order as well
as of real progress throughout yout vast west-
ern empire, and in the cause of the people's
rights to their own land, that I appeal to you
against this measure.
At one time in modern history western
Europe had a large population of freeholders;
and that time was within modern history. Upon
the ruins of that system the feudal system arose.
In those days men knew not the saving idea of
the public lands for the people, .advocated by
Burke in the British Parliament, first carried
out inte actual operation by the statesmen of
this country. The cardinal idea then was to
have a great landed aristocracy. They had no
large landed railroad companies at that period.
Their aristocracy were lords and barons; bold,
ironmen, often arbitrary and cruel men, butmen
invested with certain elements of rugged grand-
eur iu their personal character. The whole
tendenej' of government then, and almost until
our own times, was to concentrate all landed
property in the hands of a few. What has been
the result? Look for your answer and your
lesson in a history of a thousand years of tears
and blood, of a brutal ruling class and a de-
graded people, of hope, mercy, and justice fled
from the earth.
I was greatly impressed when my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Tiixtrman] mentioned the other day
what he had heard when a young man from
the lips of Lewis Cass as to the deplorable con-
dition of the peasantry of Europe. That dis-
tinguished man stated to my friend from Ohio
that the idea of owninga farm was one that never
entered into the head of one of the great mass
of the toilers of Europe, no more than the idea
that he would one day wear the crown. Things
have improved a little of late, but the condition
of Europe to-day is very little better. A land-
less people is still the cause of her discontents;
it is the perpetual source of her gravest troubles.
It is that to-day which renders many a throne
unstable. It is that which makes the whole
social organization of Europe rest, as if upon a
quicksand. There you have before your eyes
the evils deep-rooted, all-pervading, almost in-
curable, that grow out of the vicious system of
concentrating in a few hands the landed prop-
erty of a country. We have not fallen yet into
the evil plight of Europe ; but we are tending
rapidly that way under a "policy " which in
less than ten years has vested one hundred and
twenty-four million acres between the Missis-
sippi river and the Pacific ocean in four railroad
companies.
Not once, but many times during the pro-
tracted discussion of this measure we have
challenged its friends to state their reasons for
refusing to return to the established land sys-
tem of the country. Our challenge has not
been taken up. Not a reason has been assigned
by our opponents. We have been met instead
with enthusiastic eulogies of railroads, and re-
monstrances and invectives against those who
would obstruct railroad development across
the continent. Sir, all this is beside the ques-
tion—a pure evasion of the real issue. We
demand the people's lands for the people; but
we are not opposed to railroads. We are
warmly in favor of railroads. We admit their
utility; we confess their necessity. I under-
take to say that there is not one Senator of
those with whom I act on this question who is
not heartily in favor of the three lines of trans-
continental railroad which together constitute
the great body of communication and of inter-
course between the Atlantic and the Pacific,
and which crown and complete for our time
the development, the power, and the union of
the American people on this continent, from
the eastern to the western sea.
Sir, are we the representatives of the peo-
ple here or of the railroad companies, which?
I take it there can be but one answer to that
inquiry. We are here to represent the people
of the United States. The only question, then,
is whether we shall eoHsummate that great plan
of communication by just and reasonable means
of assistance to the railroads, while we admin-
ister the public lands of the country in the
spirit of our land system and in obedience to
the trust which binds them in our hands.
When I first addressed the S.enate on this
general subject I suggested that there were
two modes of aiding the construction of rail-
roads without vesting the public lauds in the
companies in fee. One was that the Govern-
ment should guaranty the interest on the
companies' bonds issued to a certain amount
per mile. This plan had been pursued with
great success by the British Government in
India, where four thousand miles of railway
through a difficult country had been built
upon a Government guarantee of five percent,
interest on £100,000,000. About the same
time Congress loaned the bonds of the Gov-
ernment at six per cent, interest to the amount
of $60,000,000 to build about twenty-five hun-
dred miles of railroad. It is said, however,
that even in this limited form money aid is
inadmissible in the present financial condition
of the country. Be it so. The other plan is
to assist the railroad out of the proceeds of
lands set apart for its construction. This mode
also is objected to by the railroad companies
and their advocates, though on what grounds
does not satisfactorily appear. It has the ap-
proval of the Land Commissioner in his report
for 18G9. This officer, who will not be accused
of any want of good will to railroads, or to the
material development of the age, says :
" In this connection it is respectfully submitted
that the t into lor extraordinary subventions has
passed. The pressure of public necessity is amnio
reason for the assistance already bestowed, but the
benefits realized have been aecompanicd by serious
countervailing cvilx, amonf? which tho crection of
enormous landed monopolies stands prominent. The
necessity for railroad endowments by tho Govern-
ment, cither in land or money, no longer exists. The
great object of Pacific railway extension, spoedy
commumention across our entire continent, has been
secured. Tho resources already developed by the
completion of tho initial enterprise and others al-
ready undertaken are ample to completo the work
as rapidly as the best interests ofcivilization demand.
It is thereiore respectfully recommended that no fur-
ther grants for internal improvements in the public
domain bo made, unless in cases of local and peculiar
character, and in that case, instead of patenting tho
lands to Stated or corporations, that there shall be
guarantied to tho beneficiary the proceeds of tho
sales of such lands as the railway is constructed."
Is there any objection to this latter plan?
There can be none in any case. There would
be none in this case if the object of this hew
grant to the Northern Pacific railroad was a
legitimate one. If the object was merely to
build the road there would be no objection,
because under the principle of averaging the
pricc of the lands, so as to make them pro-
duce §2 50 for every acre, by the amendment
which I offered, and which was so summarily
voted down yesterday, tho proceeds of the
lands would give this company much more
than enough to complete tho road. No, sir:
the object is to enable the company to make a
colossal speculation. That is the beginning
and end of the whole business as plain as can
be, and the man who does not see it would not
see this Capitol, if ho desired not to see it, at
noon-day.
It is a most significant faot that every propo-
sition has been voted down which modified this
bill in the interests of tho people. Even those
which in no degree impaired the company's
interests met the same fate. Such was the
case with my amendment providing that all
lands of tho company not sold at the end of
ten years after the completion of the road
should be open to settlers at SI 25 per acre.
Why is this? Is it that the Pacific Railroad
Committee which reported this bill is so infal-
lible that its work is beyond human question?
If not, what then is the explanation? Or is
it that the railroad company will have this bill
just as it came from the committee, full, per-
fect, and complete, or it will not have it at all ?
