4156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June. 7,
good portion of the morning hour in trying to
determine what we shall act upon.
I have got about tired of this. I think we got
' along very well under the old rules before this
new rule was adopted. Then X could occa-
sionally get up a biU in which I was interested
which would not lead to discussion. I have
here now a bill of five lilies to which I am
satisfied no Senator will object wljen it is read.
We only need time enough to have the Chair
put the question and take the vote to secure its
passage; and yet I have tried for three weeks
to get it up and cannot do so. . Other Senators
are in the same condition. I know of at least
five bills tbat could have gone through in the
last ten minutes-while we have been occupied
in diseussing these rules, or the question of
what we shall take up. lgive notice now that
I shall offer a resolution, probably to-morrow,
rescinding the rules which were lately adopted,
so that we may go back to the old practice.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am
not sure but that it will be wise to rescind the
recent rule that has been adopted, XJnlike
the Senator from Nebraska, I seldom have
charge of a bill that is not a controverted bill.
Most of the measures that come from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary are of that character.
They lead to some discussion, and there are very
few of them that we can pass without any objec-
tion. Under the former practice of the body
the Senate was willing to consider those mat-
ters of importance, although they gave rise to
discussion—such bills as we have been passing
in regard to the enforcement of the fifteenth
amendment, bills in regard to the judicial sys-
tem, and bills in regard to the apportionment.
It is not expected that we can take up and
pass bills of that character without any objec-
tion. Therefore, the rule that has been lately
adopted is of 110 benefit to them. Under this
rule it is impossible to get the floor at a period
when a majority can fix the time to have a bill
set down for a hearing. I have been trying
" for three or four days to have the apportion-
ment bill, which certainly is a bill that the
Senate would be willing to consider, set down
for consideration. I have no personal interest
in it; indeed, I have no personal interest in
any of the bills any further than to try to do my
duty in the position which has been assigned
to me by the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; he had it in his own power yesterday to
make that bill a special order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Last week I tried to
make a special order of the apportionment bill,
or have some time fixed when it could be con-
sidered; but the Senator from Maine inter-
posed his single objection, and he would not
allow me to submit it to the Senate; he under
this late rule would not allow me to submit to
the Senate the question whether they would
make it a special order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 beg your pardon ; that
was under the old rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; under the old rule
that could not have been done, but a majority
of the Senate, if it thought proper, could set a
day for the consideration of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not without a day's
notice.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I care not what time is
fixed for the consideration of the bill. Let the
Senate suit its own convenience in that respect;
or if the Senate decides that it will never con-
sider the apportionment bill I shall acquiesce
rtiost ehccrftilly, as I always do in the decisions
of the majority of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You had your resolution
on the Calendar, and would not have a vote
upon it.
* Mr. TRUMBULL. The difficulty in having
a vote upon it was that a single objection pre-
vented me getting a vote.
Mr. EDAIUNDS. I beg my friend's pardon.
It, was up yesterday, and he declined to take
the vote upon it.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Yesterday when it came
up the Senate had previously, under these new
rules, again set down a number of other bills
as special orders. Nothing'is gained if you
are going to put all your bills on the list of
special orders, and the President of the Senate
has decided that spepial orders are not for any
particular day. This was not the old practice.
In former times the Senate had no difficulty
in determining when it would consi-der bills.
One Senator, for instance the Senator from
Michigan, would set down bills of the Commit-
tee on Commerce to be considered, say on the
10th day of June. Then, knowing that the Sen-
ator from Michigan had his bills set down for
the 10th of June, I would ask the consent of
the Senate to set down the apportionment bill
for the loth of June. The Senator from Michi-
gan and everybody else would acquiesce; and
then, when the 15th of June came, everybody
would know that that day had been set apart
by an understanding of the Senate to consider
that bill, and we had no difficulty in acting upon
it; it was never interfered with by anything e lse,
unless the unfinished business of the day pre-
vious. But now we cannot set down a bill for
any time.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is no change in the
rule in that respect.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is not a change
in the rule, there is a change in the construc-
tion of the rule.
Mr. ANTHONY. No, it has always been so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thisbody formerly could
get along and do its business pleasantly with-
out being hampered by so many rules.
Mr. HAMLIN. We have lost half an hour
nearly with this discussion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We shall have half hours
spent every day as long as we are standing on
rules and adopting a rule that takes a Senator
off his feet when he is entitled to the floor 
Mr. POMEROY. I have seen a whole morn-
ing hour spent in arguing what we should take up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You have seen it for two
or three mornings under these new rules. I
should be very glad if we could return to the
old practice, and let the Senator from Mich-
igan set clown some day for the consideration
of his bills, if the Senate think it proper to
give them consideration, and then allow others
who have charge of bills to set them down for
consideration. I should be very glad this morn-
ing, if I eould, to fix a day for the considera-
tion of the apportionment bill; and I hope the
Senate will allow me to do so.
Mr. MORRILL,of Maine. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the pending
question?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan,
that next Tuesday be assigned for the consid-
eration of bills from the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not pretend
to be very expert as to the business of the
Senate or in regard to what it is best to do in
reference to the order of business in the Sen-
ate ; but I think it is a very serious question
whether the operation of the rule which is com-
plained of comes from any inherent difficulty
in the rule or from the temper of the Senate.
My judgment is that it is owing to the temper
of the Senate, not being disposed to act in har-
mony with the rule. Let us see if it be not so.
These rules prescribe the order of business.
Suppose we proceeded every morning without
any debate or a word from any man, according
to the spirit of the rule, could we not make
progress? What is the reason we do not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me right there
to say to the Senator that this rule requires us
every day. to call over these resolutions, and
here we do it day after day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Suppose we act
on them as they are called, are they not then
out of the way, and do we not thus make pro-
gress?
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I rise to
a question of order. All these Senators are
out of order. The question now is, simply
whether we shall give a day to the bills re-
ported by the Committee on Commerce. I
raise the point of order on my honorable friend
from Maine with the utmost kindness, simply
as an illustration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am sorry my
friend from Ohio did not think of that when,
other gentlemen were speaking.
Mr. SHERMAN- I am sorry I did not,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The point of
order being'made by the Senator from Ohio,
the Senator from Maine will discuss the reso-
lution before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The resolution
is to fix Tuesday for the consideration of bills
from the Committee on Commerce. I do not
desire to talk about that particularly. I said
when I was up before that I do not think we
ought to assign a day for the consideration of
miscellaneous business. I understand that is
the object of the Senator from Michigan. The
same rule applies to the remarks of my hon-
orable friend from Nebraska. He has two or
three little bills that he wants to have disposed
of; and there is no reason in the world why
a day should not be assigned to my friend from
Nebraska; and so of every other Senatorwho,
as chairman of a committee, feels charged with
special business. Of course we are all anxious
to proceed ; but it is utterly impossible at this
late day of the session to accommodate all
Senators. Therefore it seems to me we had
better adhere to the rule and not make assign-
ments of business at this period of the ses-
sion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution of the Senator
from Michigan, assigning Tuesday next for
business of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to inquire the effect of
adopting the resolution in that form. This is
the day contemplate^ by the resolution at the
time it was offered.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is now "next Tues-
day."
Mr. SCOTT. I want that understood.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ It reads 1' Tues-
day next;" and therefore, if adopted to-day,
would not operate until next Tuesday. It is a
resolution offered under the old usage of the
Senate, assigning days for particular business.
The question is on agreeing to the resolution.
_ The resolution was agreed to—ayes twenty-
eight, noes not counted.
apportionment op representatives.
The next resolution on the Calendar was
that submitted by Mr. Trumbull on the 3d
of June, to place the bill (H. R. No. 1823) to
provide for the apportionment of Representa-
tives to Congress atpong tlie several States
upon the Calendar of special orders for Wednes-
day next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Maine whether he expects to
finish the Indian appropriation bill to-day?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do expect to
finish it to-day.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Then I ask the Senate
to assign tbe day after to-morrow, that will be
Thursday, for this bill. Certainly the appro-
priation bill will be out of the way by that time.
I propose, therefore, to fix Thursday for the con-
sideration of the bill to provide for the appor-
tionment of Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is merely a motion
for a special order, under the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a motion
for a special order for a feed day, The Sen-
ator from Illinois amends his resolution by
striking out " Wednesday, the 8th" and insert-
ing " Thursday, the 9th." The question recurs
on the resolution as modified, which requires a
two-thirds vote.
The resolution was agreed to, ayes thirty-
four, noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next resolution on the Calendar,
