310
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 29,
Ho. of Reps.
Land Monopoly—Mr. Holman.
41st Cong.,..2d Sess.
The bill or nothing is the demand. There
must be no amendment, no modification; none
at least that makes the bill a little better for
the country. In that view no t must be crossed
or i dotted, except as it is set down; not one.
Has it come to this, sir, that railroad legislation
is the only business upon which the Senate is
not free to exercise its legislative discretion?
In the course of the assaults made by the
friends of this measure upon Senators who
oppose it it has been said of one or two Sen-
ators that they were opposed to the Northern
Pacific as a competing road with the Great
Central line. This is the latest and the idlest
of the accusations. Why should Senators who
are against a policy that gives the railroads too
much land and too much of the power that goes
along with it be opposed to competing rail-
roads? Let me say for myself, that so far from
objecting to a competing road across the con-
tinent, 1 am now and always heartily iu favor
of three competing roads. I am for as many
more competing roads as the country can afford
to build and to maintain. I rely upon compe-
tition, earnest and adverse, between these great
railroad companies, to prevent their growing
into a monopoly and a power which will soon
become insulferable, and iu time dangerous to
the country. Let them compete; I want them
to compete and to contend. So long as they
are competing and contending with each other
they will have less opportunity to combine
against the people. Therefore I have no objec-
tion to the competition between railways. It is
the highest safety of the Republic that they
should compete.
I wish that by " fundamental conditions,''
which you arc thrusting in everywhere except
where they are proper—that is, in the charters
you are giving to the great corporations of the
country—[ wish that by some fundamental
conditions in these railroad charters and grants
tli(i companies might bo forever prohibited from
consolidating their powers, already too great;
that they might be forever forbidden from
entering into any agreement that would bar a
wholesome competition in the interests of tho
public. 1 commend the idea to the inventors
of these conditions, whenever they can spare
from oppressing and punishing tho people of
tho South leisure to provide a little for the pro-
tection of the people who did not go into seces-
sion and are not chargeable by tho mujority
hero with any guilt on that score.
1 havo already occupied more time than 1
intended. A few other words before I close.
Jn all I havo said upon this measure, in every
vote I havo given, 1 hava acted under a pro-
found sense of the duty 1 owe hero to the groat
interests involved. I am sure no lesser motive
has animated the little band of Senators with
whom I have been acting. Few in numbers,
but strong in the right as we see it, wo stand
in this contest against the overwhelming ma-
jority of this body. We stand not only for our
constituents in our States, but for the interests
and rights of the whole people, now and here-
after. We seek specially to protect and pre-
serve the future of tho country between the
Mississippi and tho Pacific, traversed and to be
traversed by great lines of railroad. We decliue
to surrender that country and its future with-
out an earnest effort to secure further proper
guards and conditions. We believe, I believe
from the bottom of my heart, that the easy
acquisition of lands is as necessary to the main-
tenance of our free institutions as are the prin-
ciples which animate those institutions.
Without free lands we cannot have a free
people, and without a free people our free
institutions are worse than a mockery. It
is just as true now as it was when it was said
of old by a profound thinker—that nothing in
government is so bad as good political insti-
tutions corrupted. There is a saving grace in
every Government that is fit to live ; .and the
saving grace of popular Government is the
spirit of a free people. When it loses this
salt, in losing its free people, it is doomed.
" Princes and lords may flourish or may fade,
A breath can make them, as a breath has made;
But a bold peasantry, their country's pride.
When once destroyed, can never bo supplied."
For every year, ay for every moment, that
your policy drives away from that great coun-
try between the Mississippi and the Pacific
the settler—the pioneer of your civilization, of
your power, ana of your freedom—you have
done a wrong to the whole Republic. To sum
up all in a single word, let us have railroads,
but at the same time and with equal step let
us always have our public lands free for a free
people. That is the idea for which we have
been contending in this debate. Wo have
done so thus far with little success. But if
here we speak to ears that are closed against
us, we can speak beyond and above this Cham-
ber to an audience that will hear us—the great
audience of the American people.
Land Monopoly.
SPEECH OF HON. W. S. HOLMAN,
of indiana,
In the House op Representatives,
April 29, 1870.
Tho Ilouso having undor consideration tho bill
(S.No. 390 granting lands to aid in tho construction
of a railroad and telograrh line from Portland to
Astoria and Alollinnvillo, iu tho Stato of Oregon—
Mr. HOLMAN said
Mr. Speaker: This is one of a very large
number of bills which have been introduced in
tho present Congress proposing togrant public
lands to corporations for the purpose of con-
structing railroads. I trust that this first meas-
ure of tt long series of similar measures will
receive the grave consideration which the
magnitude of tho subject may justly demand.
1 his bill grants to a railroad corporation,
which proposes to construct a road from Port-
land, Oregon, down tho Columbia river, to
Astoria, in that State, with a branch twenty
miles long to McMinnville, the distance, in-
cluding the branch, being one hundred and
forty-fiPve miles, about nine hundred and tweuty-
cight thousand acres, the grant being made in
alternato sections for a width of twenty miles.
U proposes to grant the land, not to tho State
of Oregon, but directly to this corporation,
without any reservation for tho public use—a
grant absolute and naked.
It is one of thoso measures, sir, which during
the last ton years have become so destructive
to tho public in the monopoly of the public
lands. The only limitation is that the bill im-
poses on the company the duty to sell lands to
actual settlers at a price of $2 50 per acre—a
proposition, in fact, to require the settlers on
these lands to pay to this corporation the sum
of $2,320,000. The question comes up as
fairly upon this bill as upon any that is pend-
ing before Congress, what shall be our future
policy in reference to grants of our public
lands ? Shall the public lands go to the actual
settler under the homestead and preemption
laws, or shall they be given to corporations?
When this bill was before the House on a
former occasion I stated that there were ninety
bills of this character pending in the House,
appropriating to corporations in the aggregate
more than one hundred million acres of the
public lands. A more careful examination
shows that that estimate was far below the
reality.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to suggest to the
gentleman from Indiana that as this bill ap-
pears likely to elicit a long discussion it be
passed over, that we may take up other bills
which should be considered at once.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand the gentle-
man's suggestion; but the gentleman from
Oregon [Mr. Smith] who has charge of this
bill desires it to be acted upon now.
Mr. CONGER. If it is to give rise to much
discussion I hope it will be passed over.
Mr. SAllGENT. I object to that, as it has
once been passed over.
Mr. FITCH. I desire to say that the Com-
mittee on tho Public Lands have considered
this bill, and recommend its passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. The suggestions of these
gentlemen, and particularly of the gentleman
from Nevada. [Mr. Fitch,] show that the
House cannot evade considering the subject
now, and that I cannot safely press the motion
for a reference without debate. 1 shall there-
fore be compelled to submit my views in oppo-
sition to the measure now.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
a question of order. I understand that this is
an important bill, and I hope there will be
sufficient order in tho Hall to enable us to hear
its discussion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to say to my friend
from New York [Mr. Van Wyok] that if the
subject itself—the granting of nearly a million
acres of the public lands—has not enough
gravity to arrest the attention of the House
the appeal of my friend will amount to nothing.
The bills of this character now pending,
instead of being ninety, exceed one hundred
and seventy ; and they appropriate over two
hundred and fifty million acres of the public
lands. I observed last Monday, when the
States were called for bills and joint resolu-
tions, a largo proportion of tho bills introduced
proposed appropriations of the public lands to
various corporations. From the extraordinary
readiness with which Congress has yielded to
the solicitations of combinations formed to
obtain land grants the prospects of success
are so tempting that from one extremity of the
country to the other combinations of fortune-
hunting and influential men have been formed,
and come upon Congress in strong lobby forces
unblushingly and persistently demanding,
scarcely descending to the modesty of request,
large grants of public lands. These combina-
tions in the main have no connection with your
new Territories or new States. They come
with no public enterprise to promote. They
come in lobbies regularly organized for the
purpose, and sole purpose, of aggrandizing their
own fortunes by easy grants of public land,
such as have hitheito been made by Congress
with such unexampled liberality.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Will the gentleman
allow me to make a suggestion ? This bill
provides, as I understand, for a now grant of
land entirely. It is a bill which will involve
a good deal of discussion j and 1 would like
to suggest that the gentleman allow it to go
over, so as not to interrupt the passage of
other bills on the Speaker's table to which
there is no objection.
Mr. SARGENT. This is a very important
bill, and I shall object to its being passed over.
Mr. FITCH. Let me say further to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Van* Wyok]
that the Committee on the Public Lands have
considered this bill and desire that it shall be
passed now. They are willing to meet the dis-
cussion of the questions involved, which might
as well come up now as at any other time.
The subject is one that must be discussed.
_ Mr. VAN WYCK. There are very many
bills on the Speaker's table; and if this con-
sumes the whole day no other bill can be
taken up.
Mr. SARGENT. This bill has already been
once passed over.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think that a little dis-
cussion will dispose of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, a large num-
ber of the bills lying upon your table are grants
of the public land—bills from the Senate. The
