12
- THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
last, issued a proclamation authorizing search
to be made of vessels on the high seas. Imme-
diate remonstrance- was made against this.
Whereupon the Captain General issued a new
proclamation, limiting the right of search to
vessels of the United States so far as author-
ized under the treaty of 1795. This proclama-
tion was, however,' immediately withdrawn.
I have always felt that the most intimate
relations should be cultivated between the
Republic of the United -States and all inde-
pendent nations on this continent. It may be
well worth considering whether new treaties
between us and them may not be profitably
entered into, to secure more intimate rela-
tions, friendly, commercial, and otherwise.
The subject of an interoceanic canal to con-
nect the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, through
the Isthmus of Darien, is one in which Com-
merce is greatly interested. Instructions have
been given to our minister to the republic of
the United States ofColombia to endeavor to
obtain authority for a survey by this Govern-
ment in order to determine the practicability of
such an undertaking, and a charter for the right
of way to build by private enterprise such a
work if the survey proves it to be practicable.
In order to comply with the agreement ofthe
United States as to a mixed commission at
Lima for the adjustment of claims it became
necessary to send a commissioner and secre-
tary to Lima in August last. No appropriation
having been made by Congress for this pur-
pose, it is now asked that one be made cover-
ing the past and future expenses of the com-
mission.
The good offices of the United States to
bring about a peace between Spain and the
South American republics with which she is
at war, having been accepted by Spain, Peru,
and Chili, a congress has been invited to be
held in Washington during the present winter.
A grant lias been given to Europeans of an
exclusive right of transit over the territory of
Nicaragua, to which Costa Rica has given its
assent, which, it is alleged, conflicts with vested
rights of citizens of the United States. The
Department of State has now this subject
under consideration.
The_ minister of Peru having made repre-
sentations that there was a state of war between
Peru and Spain, and that Spain was construct-
ing in and near New York thirty gun-boats,
which might be used by Spain in such a way
as to relieve tho naval force at Cuba so as to
operate against Peru, orders were given to
prevent their departure. No further steps
having been taken by the representative of the
Peruvian Government to prevent the depart-
ure of these vessels, and I not feeling author-
ized to detain the property of a nation with
which we are at peace on a mere executive
order, the matter has been referred to the
courts to decide.
The conduct of the war between the allies
and the republic of Paraguay has made the in-
tercourse with that country so difficult that it
has been deemed advisable to withdraw our rep-
resentative from there.
Toward the close of the last Administration a
convention was signed at London for the settle-
men^ of all outstanding claims between Great
Britain and the United States, which failed to
iTceivo the advice aftd consent of the Senate
to its ratification. The time and the circum-
stances attending the negotiation of that treaty
were unfavorable to its acceptance by tho peo-
ple ot the United States, «and its provisions
were wholly inadequate for the settlement of
the grave wrongs that had been sustained by
this Government as well as by its citizens.
The injuries resulting to the United States
by reason of the course adopted by Great
Britain during our late civil war in the in-
creased rates of insurance; in the diminu-
tion of exports and imports, and other ob-
structions to domestic industry and produc-
tion; iu its effect upon the foreign commerce
of the country; in the decrease and transfer to
Great Britain of our commercial marine; in
the prolongation of the war and the increased
cost, both in treasure and in lives, of its sup-
pression, could not be adjusted and satisfied
as ordinary commercial claims, which contin-
ually arise between commercial nations. And
yet the convention treated them simply as
such ordinary claims, from which they differ
more widely in the gravity of their character
than in the magnitude of their amount, great
even as is that difference. Not a word was
found in the treaty, and not an inference could
be drawn from it, to remove the sense of the
unfriendliness of the course of Great-Britain
in our struggle for existence, which had so
deeply and universally impressed itself upon
the people of this country.
Believing that a convention thus miscon-
ceived in its scope and inadequate in its pro-
visions would not have produced the hearty,
cordial settlement of pending questions, which
alone is consistent with the relations which I
desire to have firmly established between the
United States and Great Britain, I regarded
the action of the Senate in rejecting the treaty
to have been wisely taken in the interest of
peace, and as a necessary step in the direction
of a perfect and cordial friendship between the
two countries. A sensitive people conscious
of their power are more at ease under a great
wrong wholly unatoned than under the restraint
of a settlement which satisfies neither their
ideas of justice nor their grave sense of the
grievance they have sustained. The rejection
of the treaty was followed by a state of public
feeling on both sides which I thought not favor-
able to an immediate attempt at renewed nego-
tiations. I accordingly so instructed the minis
ter of the United States to Great Britain, and
found that my views in this regard were shared
by her Majesty's ministers. I hope that the
time may soon arrive when the two Governments
can approach the solution of this momentous
question with an appreciation of what is due to
the rights, dignity, and honor of each, and with
the determination not only to remove the causes
of complaint in the past, but to lay the found-
ation of abroad principle of public law which
will prevent future differences and tend to firm
and continued peace and friendship.
This is now the only grave question which
the United States has with any foreign nation.
The question of renewing a treaty for recip-
rocal trade between the United States and the
British provinces on this continent has not been
favorably considered by the Administration.
The advantages of such a treaty would be
wholly in favor of (he British producer.
Except possibly a few engaged in the trade
between the two sections uo citizen of the
United States would be benefited by recipro-
city. Our internal taxation would provea pro-
tection to the British producer almost equal to
the protection which our manufacturers now
receive from the tariff. _ Some arrangement,
however, for the regulation of commercial in-
tercourse between the United States and the
Dominion of Canada may be desifable.
The commission for adjusting the claims of
the "Hudson Bay and Puget's Sound Agri-
cultural Company " upon the United States has
terminated its labors. The award of $650,000
has been made, and all rights and titles ofthe
company on the territory of the United States
have been extinguished. Deeds for the prop-
erty of the company have been delivered. An
appropriation by Congress to meet this sura is
asked.
The commissioners for determining the
Northwestern land boundary between the Uni-
ted States aud the British possessions, under
the treaty of 1856, have completed their labors,
and the commission has been dissolved.
In conformity with the recommendation of
Congress, a proposition was early made to the
British Government to abolish the mixed courts
created under the treaty of April 7, 1862, for
the suppression of the slave trade. The sub-
ject is still under negotiation.
It having come to my knowledge that a cor-
porate company organized under British laws
proposed to land upon the shores of the United
States and to operate there a submarine cable,
under a concession from bis Majesty the Em-
peror of .the French, of an exclusive right for
twenty years of telegraphic communication
between the shores of France and the United
States, with the very objectionable feature of
subjec'tingall messages conveyed thereby to the
scrutiny and control of the French Govern-
ment, I caused the French and British legations
at Washington to be made acquainted with the
probable policy of Congress on this subject, as
foreshadowed by the bill which passed the
Senate in March last. This drew from the rep-
resentatives of the company an agreement to
acceptas the basis of their operations the pro-
visions of that bill or of such other enactment
on the subject as might be passed during the
approaching session of Congress ; also, to use
their influence to secure from the French Gov-
ernment a modification of their concession, so
as to permit the landing upon French soil of
any cable belonging to any company incor-
porated by the authority of the United States
or of any State in the Union, and on their
part not to oppose the establishment of auy
such cable. In consideration of this agree-
ment I directed the withdrawal of all oppo-
sition by the United States authorities to the
landing of the cable and to the working of
it until the meeting of Congress. I regret to
say that there has been no modification made
in the company's concession, nor, so far as I
can learn, have they attempted to secure one.
Their concession excludes the capital and the
citizens of the United States from competition
upon the shores of France. I recommend
legislation to protect the rights of citizens of
the United States, as well as the dignity and
sovereignty of the nation, against such an
assumption. I shall also endeavor to secure
by negotiation an abandonment of the princi-
ple of monopolies in ocean telegraphic cables.
Copies of this correspondence are herewith
furnished.
The unsettled political condition of other
countries less fortunate than our own some-
times induces their citizens to come to the
United States for the sole purpose of becom-
ing naturalized. Having secured this, they
return to their native country and reside
there without disclosing their change of alle-
giance. They accept official positions of trust
or honor which can only be held by citizens
of their native land : they journey under pass-
ports describing them as such citizens, and it
is only when civil discord, after perhaps years
of quiet, threatens their persons or their prop-
erty, or when their native State drafts them
into its military scrvice, that the fact of their
change of allegiance is made known. They re-
side permanently away from the United States;
they contribute nothing to its revenues ; they
avoid the duties of its citizenship, and they
only make themselves known by a claim of
protection. I have directed the diplomatic
and consular officers of the United States to
scrutinize carefully all such claims of protec-
tion. The citizen of the United States, whether
native or adopted, who discharges his duty to
his country, is entitled to its complete protec-
tion. While I have a voice in the direction
of affairs I shall not consent to imperil this
sacred right by conferring it upon fictitious or
fraudulent claimants.
On the accession of the present Administra-
tion it was found that the minister for North
Germany had made propositions for the nego-
tiation of a convention for the protection of
emigrant passengers, to which no response had
been given. It was concluded that to be effec-
tual all the maritime Powers engaged in the
trade should join iu such a measure. Invita-
tions have been extended to the Cabinets of
London, Paris, Florence, Berlin, Brussels,
The Hague, Copenhagen, and Stockholm, to
empower their representatives at Washington
