1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4157
the resolution reported by the Committee on
the Revision of the Rules.
BUSINESS OF FOREIGN RELATIONS COMMITTEE.
^ Mr. SUMNER. I now make the same Mo-
tion the Senator from Michigan made with
regard to the Committee on Commerce, making
it applicable to the Committee on Foreign
• Relations, and I ask that Wednesday of next
week be set apart for the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. EDMUNDS, Let that go over until to-
morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not let it he done
now ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want the next resolu-
tion taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will also
be placed on the Calendar. The Secretary
will report the next resolution.
amendments to appropriation bills.
The next resolution on the Calendar was the
following, reported by Mr. Edmunds,from the
select Committee on the Revision of the Rules,
on the 4th instant:
Resolved. That the thirtieth rule of the Senate be
amended by adding thereto the following:
And no amendment herein authorized, "unless it
be made to carry out the provisions of some exist-
ing law, or some act or resolution previously passed
by the Senate during that session," shall be received
or adopted without a two-thirds vote ; and the ques-
tion on receiving such amendment for consideration
shall be decided without debate.
And no amendmentto any such bill mailing legis-
lative provisions other than such as directly relate
to the appropriations contained in the bill, shall be
received or adopted without a two-thirds vote.
And any pending amendment to an appropriation
bill may be laid on the table without afrccting the
bill.
It shall "he in order at any time, when an appro-
priation bill is under consideration, by a two-thirds
vote, to order the termination of debate at a time
fixed, in respect to any item or amendment thereof
then under consideration; which ordorshallbe acted
upon without debate,
Mr. HAMLIN. Iwassayingyesterday, when
interrupted by the expiration of the morning
hour, that I was in favor of some restriction
and limitation upon the debates of this body ;
but, sir, I ask the attention of the Senate for
a very few moments to a consideration of
the amendments to this rule which have been
reported by the Committee on Rules. I cer-
tainly am opposed to the proposition entirely,
and it would seem to me that the Senator him-
self who has reported it [Mr. Edmunds] can
Jiardly have carefully considered it. There
is something very obnoxious to the Senate in
a previous question limit in this body; and
When you look at this rule as it is proposed
here it is far more obnoxious than any pre-
vious question can possibly be. It gives the
power to a single man to control the action of
the Senate to a very great degree. It first
And no amendment herein authorized, unless
it be made to parry out the provisions of sonic exist-
ing law. or some act or resolution previously passed
by the Senate during that session," shall to received
or adopted without a two-thirds vote; and the ques-
tion on receiving such amendment forconsideration
shall be decided without debate.
Now, J think it would be far wiser if the bill
making appropriations for the Naval Depart-
ment were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs; I think it would be farwiser if the bill
making appropriations for the Army were re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs ;
and so there are various appropriation bills
which might be much more wisely referred to
their appropriate committees of this body, and
why? Because a committee whose particular
object and duty it is to investigate a particular
branch of subjects may be presumed to know
and understand a little better in relation to
those matters than one committee can under-
stand in relation to them all. _
Now, sir, the Naval ^Committee, which my
r: friend from Missouri [Mr. Drake] so well rep-
> resents in this body, after maturely considering
a subject which relates to naval affairs, and
? • which, 1 think, we may assume is much better
i. considered than it could be by the Appropria-
tion Committee, which must consider all these
various subjects, instructs him to report an
amendment to the naval appropriation bill;
and my friend from VenhOut, as quick as a
cat upon his feet, demands first, without a word
of debate, even perhaps without hearing the
amendment, that it shall not be received unless
two thirds of the Senate vote for it. Who is
to know what is contained in the amendment?
And after its mere words have been read the
Senator from Missouri may not explain in a
single word the object which he seeks to accom-
plish, and which, if he could do it, would re-
ceive perhaps the unanimous vote of this body.
Sir, it is a monstrous proposition.
1 only refer to that committee as an illustra-
tion, but I could apply the same rule to every
committee, perhaps diminished somewhat in
force, but the same in degree; and by what
rule is it that we shall say to ourselves that no
committee but the Committee on Appropria-
tions shall present an amendment here to a bill
unless two thirds of the Senate vote for it,
blind and denf, neither hearing nor seeing what
it contains, if some gentleman in the Senate
asks that that be done?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to my honor-
able friend that the same objection applies to
an amendment offered by the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. HAMLIN. Precisely. Again, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations in considering these
bills wisely suggest new amendments and new
appropriations, some to carry out existing laws
| and treaties, some of a legislative character.
By what rule is it that we shall clothe that com-
mittee with an authority which wo deny to all
others?
Why, sir, upon the earth and beneath the sky
no man ever saw such a proposition introduced
into any body. I insist that the Senator from
Vermont has not considered it; and the com-
mittee who reported it, it does seem to me,
have not wisely considered it-, unless they mean
to restrict all the committees in this body save
one from the same privileges that that one
exercises.
Mr. HOWE. The last two propositions are
well enough.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, the last two proposi-
tions are not well enough. My friend lrom
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] thought the first three
propositions were all right and the last one
was all wrong. Now, sir, the last one is the
most acceptable of any, and slightly amended
I should be perfectly willing to adopt it; but
not in its present form. 1 will Agree to no
previous question here that will not allow one
moment of explanation of a measure; but I
would agree to one after a question has been
considered two or three days, by which time
men may bo presumed to know what they are
to vote upon. One which would hardly allow
a paper to be read, which certainly would not
allow one word of explanation t,o be made
upon it. is no rule to be adopted, in my judg-
ment, by this body.
Next:
And no amendment to any such bill making legis-
lative provi-ions, other than such ai directly relate
to the appropriations contained iu the bill, bhail be
received or adopted without a. two-thirds vote.
That is not so objectionable, because I think
our appropriation bills ought to be confined
more exclusively than they are to appropria-
tions, and that there ought to be less legisla-
tion upon them; and yet 1 doubt it it be wise
to say that, it shall -pquire a Iwo-thirds vote to ,
put upon an appropriation bill an amendment jj
of that sort, which sometimes becomes neees- i
sary. _ _ jj
And any pending amendment to an appropriation jj
bili may bo laid on the Ltblo without atfeciing luo ,j
bill. !j
Well, sir, thai, is reversing all parliamentary m
law that i ever know anything about. I move, t
for instance, to strike out a section of a bill, ;j
and the whole body of the Senate concur with
ine m the propriety of Us going out. I offer j
an amendment wtiieh if 1 can get a vote of .1
the Senate upon it-would be equally favorably
received; and yet, if that rule is to be adopted,
and is to be literally construed, you-may wrest
from the bill that which I would make •&' part
of it under the operation of this rule, .r With
the same propriety and with the force of the
same argument you should apply yonr rule to
a section in the bill as well as an amendment
proposed to the bill; and you may say'that
where an amendment is proposed to strike out
a section of the bill that shall be laid upon the
table without affecting the bill. The reasoning
in the one case is just as good as the reasoning
in the other.
The last clause provides that—
It shall he in order at any time, when an appro-
priation bill is under consideration, by a two-thirds
vote, to order the termination of debate at a time
fixed, in respcct, to any item or amendment thereof
then under consideration; which order shall be acted
upon without debare.
Thereisnolimitationand there is no time pre-
scribed during which theamendraent shall have
been debated ; butby atwo-thirds vote you may
whistle it down the wind before it has so much
as had one moment's consideration in t.he Sen-
ate. I would concur in this latter clause ifthe
committee would fix the time after which thai
rule should bo enforced.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Maine will suspend. The morning hour- has
expired.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall not occupy two min-
utes longer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator will be
permitted to finish his remarks. He seems to
be in a good humor this morning.
Mr. IIAMLIN. I am in a good humor. I
shall not occupy two minutes longer.
The VICE PitESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine asks unanimous consent to proceed with
his remarks, the appropriation bill being passed
over informally for that purpose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let it be passed
over informally to allow my colleague to con-
clude.
The VrCE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the Senator from Maine will
proceed.
Mr. HAMLIN. I only desire to add one
remark. This whole project differs from the
ordinary previous question in this: if the pre-
vious question were introduced into this body,
the first thing necessary would be to require a
majority of the body to second the demand for
the previous question, and t hen, being seconded,
it would require a majority of the body to order
the previous question. Now, sir, you do not,
under this rule, even require so much as a
second to the motion ; but you give to n single
individual who asks for the application nf the
rule the same power that is required of a ma-
jority under the exercise of any previous ques-
tion in any legislative body that I have ever
known anything about. Now, sir, with these
views, and while I desire to restrict, debate, I
certainly never would agree to vote for such a
rule as this.
ORDEU 01' BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theltidianappro-
priation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 gave notice yesterday
morning, as 1 have done repeatedly before,
that this morning I should bring tip the bill
for a through railroad from this eity to Keif
York. I propose, to add to that, as an amend-
ment, what, is called the Cincinnati and Chatta-
nooga road; that is, to offer the Chattanooga
bill as an amendment, to the bill for a through
line to New York, and have them both consid-
ered together. The chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations received this notice, ana was
likewise notified last night that this bill was
to be considered to-day. He gave way las
night to other business, and I consider th.u as
givino- way for to-day. 1 now wish to take up
these two railroad bills. They have been t no. -
oosliiy discussed. No subject p«rsm|H !>.;«
been "so thoroughly discussed in uns body
