1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3213
j|r. MORRILL, of Maine. If it is the gen-
eral desire of the Senate to proceed with the
Calendar, and by general consent and without
a struggle to-morrow 1 can go on with the
appropriation bill, I shall yield; otherwise 1
mast insist on my motion.
Mr. NYE. I have no doubt you can.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now I feel it my duty, iu
behalf of the committee that instructed me to
report the bill abolishing the franking privi-
lege, to ask that it shall be considered as soon
as it comes up in order. As I stated before,
nearly three months ago it was made a special
order, and the country is inquiring why the
Senate does not respond to the Houso in
regard to this bill. I feel it my duty, simply
as the representative of my committee, to
oppose the proposition of the Senator from
Maine. His bill proposes to vote eighteen or
nineteen million dollars out of the Treasury,
and my bill proposes to save $5,000,000 a
year to the Treasury.
Mr. NYE. The country is inquiring why
it was ever introduced.
Mr. RAMSEY. The country has answered
thit. A million of the people of the country
have petitioned for the passage of the bill.
Mr. NYE. By order of the Postmaster
General.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am rather
impressed with the idea that the Senate of the
United States today would rather give its
attention to the consideration of private claims
than bills of a public character; and I will
withdraw my motion, and take my chances with
the Senator from Minnesota to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. That is right; now let us
goon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill in
order is the bill (S. No. 577) to provide for the
sale of the diminished reserve and trust lands
of the Kansas or Kaw tribe of Indians, and for
the settlement of said Indians iu the Indian
territory.
Mr. ROSS. I prefer that that should be
passed over informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over informally if there be no objection.
It is so disposed of. The next bill will be read.
john coon an.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 865) to increase the pension of John
Coonan; which was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for an increase of the pension of
John Coonan, late sergeant in company A in
the eighteenth regiment of New York cavalry,
from eight dollars to fifteen dollar^ per month,
from the date of the passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
mart f. prindle.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(8. No. 866) for the relief of Mary F. Prindle;
which was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
we Secretary of the Interior to pay to Mary
" Prindle, widow of Jerome V. Prindle, late
private in company H, first regiment of Ver-
mont volunteers, from the Sd day of Novem-
ber, 1861, the date of her husband's death, to
the 10th day of November, 1868, the date of
commencement of her present pension.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
*nmtaeDt, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
mary louise oaresche.
kiN 0,1 the Calendar was the bill
t . °-618) increasing the pension of Mary
"oaise Garegch6, widow of Colonel GarescW;,
,lch wag reported adversely from the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. HOWELL. Let that bill be passed over
informally, subject to be called np.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
Passed over informally.
P5NSK0N LAWS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. II. No. 1407) to construe certain acts
cited therein in relation to pensions.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with amendments.
The amendments were, iu line eight to strike
out the words " either iucreasing or reducing,"
and to insert the words " to increasein liue
nine, to strike out the word " authorized," and
to iusert the word'' directed' in line ten, after
the word "pensions," toinsert "norshallsaid
acta be construed so as to reduce the same;"
in line thirteen, after the word "entitled," to
insert'' iu excess of the rate fixed by geucral
law for the rank in respect to which such spe-
cial pensions may have been or may hereafter
be granted;" and also to add as au additional
section the following:
Sac.2. And be it further traded. That this act shall
have tlio effect to restore to tho persons affeetod
hereby any sums heretofore withhold from them by
the construction hereinboforo prohibited.
So that the bill, as amended, will read as
follows:
That neither the aetof'July Zi, 1S66, entitled "An
act increasing tho pensions* ot' widows and orphans,
and for other purpose*," nor the act of July 27, 18&S,
entitled "Ail act relating to pensions," shall be so
construed as to increase tho amount directed to bo
paid in any special act of Congress granting a pen-
sion ; nor shall said acts bo construed so as to reduoo
the same whenever such acts lix definitely the amoun t
of pension to which the person therein named shall
bo entitled in excess ot the rato fixed by general
law for the rank in respest to which such special pen-
sions may have beon or may hereafter bo granted.
Sec. 2. And beit further enacted. That this act shall
have the effect to restore to the persons affected
hereby any sums heretofore withheld from them by
the construction hereinbefore prohibited.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very much in favor
of that bill, bat have some doubt as to the
amendments. The bill was amended to pre-
vent a construction of the act which reaches
: some of the pensions some of which were called
to my attention, but I do not see the chairman
of the Committee on Pensions in tho Chamber.
I do not wish to delay the bill.
Mr. THAYER. Let it be laid aside for a
short time until he comes in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to object
to it.
Mr. THAYER. Nor do I, but I would like
to look into it.
i The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
. laid aside informally, as the chairman of the
Committee on Pensions is not in the Chamber
at this moment.
mary m. butts.
' The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 867) granting a pension to Mary M.
Butts; which was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Mary M. Butts, widow of Joseph
Butts, late a private in company G, of the
seventh regiment of Maryland volunteers, upon
the pension-rolls, and to pay her a pension at
the rate of eight dollars per month, commenc-
ing from the date of the passage of the act.
! The bill was reported to the Senate without
J amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
| reading, read the third time, and passed.
| anna b. snider.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
i (H. R. No. 1336) granting a pension to Anna
■ B. Snider; which was considered as in Com-
i mittee of the Whole. The Secretary of the
Interior is directed by the bill to plaoe on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the. name of
Anna B. Snider, mother of Henry Snider, late
a private in company I, tenth Ohio cavalry, at
the rate of eight dollars per month, from and
after the passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
| the third time, and passed. i(
reuben grindlk.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 8C8) for the relief of Reuben Grindle; i
which was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue to Reuben
Grindle, ot Castinc, Hancock county, Maine,
three new five per cent. United States bonds,
two ot !}>100 each, and one of fifty dollars,
redeemable after February 28, 1871, of the
numbers hereinafter specified, so soon as proof
shall be exhibited, to the satisfaction of tho
Secretary, of the destruction of three bonds of
the loan and value above mentioned, num-
bered 27525, 27520, and 2860, ifltcuben Grin-
dle shall give bond with sufficient security to
indemnify the United States agaiustany other
claim on account of the bonds alleged to be so
destroyed.
The bill was reported to tho Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for athird
readiug, read the third time, and passo.d.
horace tyler.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 809) for the relief of Horace Tyler.
The Secretary read the bill. It directs tho
payment by the Secretary of the Treasury to
Horace Tyler, of New Orleans, of the State
of Louisiana, the sum of $46,410 42, in full
satisfaction for all work done by him, or by
his authority, on the bar at the month of the
Southwest pass of the mouth of the Missis-
sippi river, under and by virtue of a contract
entered into between him and Brevet Lieuten-
ant Colonel M. D. McAlester, of the date of
5th November, 18C6.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How much is the amount
appropriated by the bill?
The Secretary. Forty-six thousand four
huudred and ten dollars and forty-two cents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear
the report in that case.
Mr. KELLOGG. It is a good claim.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It may be; but I should
like to hear the report.
Mr. KELLOGG. There is a report, I be-
lieve, on file.
: The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
I reported by the Senator from West Virginia
[Mr. Willey] from the Committee on Claims.
I Mr. WILLEY. Has the report been printed ?
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
| has not yet received it. He has sent for it,
| however. The bill will be passed over until
! the report can be found, if it is printed.
| Mr. KELLOGG. I should like to inquire
I of the Senator from West Virginia if the report
i is not printed ? Is it in manuscript yet ?
Mr. WILLEY. I understand from the Chair
that it is printed and will be here in a moment.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask that the report be
sent for.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The manuscript
has been sent to the printing office, and the
report has not yet been returned in print.
Mr. WILSON. Then let the bill be passed
over informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over informally.
united states express company.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 870) for the relief of the United States
Express Company.
The Secretary read the bill. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury of the United States
to issue and deliver, or cause to be issued and
delivered, to the United States Express Com-
pany, a joint stock association, having its prin-
cipal place of business in the city of New York,
duplicates of the following described bonds,
heretofore issued in pursuance of the several
acts authorizing them, which original bonds
were destroyed by fire on the New York and
Erie railroad on the 30th day of January, I860,
while in the possession of the express com-
pany for transportation, namely: of United
States six per cent, bonds, commonly de-
scribed as five-twenties, issued in pursuance of
an act of Congress passed J une SO, 1864, ten of
the denominations, respectively, of $500, and
numbered 15045, 15646,12270, 12285, .12281,
