5102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jufy 1;
point as to the greater amount of wealth in
California than iu Vermont. It happens that
I have the figures on that subject also, and the
wealth of California is at the rate of $500 a
head to each person of the population; the
wealth of Vermont is at the rate ofnearly $GOOa
head to each person of the population ; and yet
California pays more than five dollars income
tax, Vermont pays fifty cents.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly that may be
true, for the reason I stated before, thata dozen
people own the wealth of California, and the
whole population own it in Vermont.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President, if the
Legislature of South Carolina, composed large-
ly of colored men, had been guilty of similar
changes to those that have taken place in the
Senate of the United States it would have
been heralded throughout the State that per-
haps some improper motive, some party lash,
had been used to bring about the changes. Of
course I do not impute that to the Senate of
the United States, but I really think they are
not in a condition to vote on this question to-
night. About one third of this Senate are to
be reelected by the different Legislatures this
coming fall, and I do hope that the members
of those different Legislatures will hold the
Senators to account for the changes in their
votes that have been made to-night. If Sen-
ators having voted steadily and persistently on
one side now change, they may account for
their change ; but I should like the newspaper
men of this country to put on record the dif-
ferent votes of some Senators on the floor of
this Chamber.
Mr. President, I do not hold any Senator
responsible for his vote. I can only control
my own vote. I only wish to do so; but I
think the Senate of the United States is not
in a condition to vote upon this grave ques-
tion. I move again that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on striking out what relates to the income
Mr. THAYER. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.] Were he
present he would vote ''nay" and I "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 26 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bastard, Cas-orly. Corbett, Fenton,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Harris, Johnston,
Kellogg, Lewis, McOreery, McDonald, Osborn, Pom-
oroy, Robertson, Scott, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,
Thurman, Trumbull, and Vickers—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Chandler, Cra-
gin, Drake, Edmunds, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, How-
ell, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson,
Pool. Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Schura, Sherman,
Spencer, Tipton, Warner, Wllloy, Williams, and Wil-
son—20.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell. Cole,
Conkling, Davis, Ferry. Flanagan, Fowler, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Howard, Morton, Norton, Nye, Revels,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sprague, Thayer, and Yates—24.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I wish the amend-
ments of the Committee on Finance adopted.
Let the Secretary go over the printed amend-
ments to these sections.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They are mere matters
of detail.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the printed amend-
ments are adopted, I want to conform them to
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Chair
understands the amendments are concurred in.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let them be read.
Mr. THURMAN. We do not know what
they are.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are all rather verbal.
I have no objection to their being read. It will
take but two or three minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They will
be read.
The Chief Clerk. On page 78, section
thirty-six of the House bill, line thirteen, after
the word "Congress" it is proposed to insert
'' except that portion thereof from which, under
authority of acts of Congress previous hereto,
a tax of live per cent, shall have been withheld."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 79, line
eighteen, to insert the word "of" before the
words "any religious or social community."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-two,
to strike out the word "not" before the word
"less;" so as to read:
And any remaining fractional number of such per-
sons less than five, over such groups of five, shall be
held to constitute a family, and a deduction of
$2,000 shall be allowed for each of said families.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 80, line
ten, to strike out the words "for the use of
money borrowed" and insert "during the
year-," in line eleven,to strikeout "and" and
insert " or " before " labor," also to strike out
the words " enable him to;" and in line twelve
insert the word "to" before "conduct;" so
as to read:
The amount of interest paid during th e year, and
the amount paid for rent or labor to cultivate land,
or to conduct a ny other business from which income
is derived.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fourteen
of the same section, to strike out the words
" not to exceed $500" after the word " fam-
ily ;" so as to read :
The amount paid for the rentof the house or prem-
ises occupied as a residence for himself or his family,
and the amount paid out for usual and ordinary
repairs.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to inquire whether
that gives an unlimited exemption for rent of
a residence?
Mr. SHERMAN. It does.
Mr. CASSERLY. I regard that as very
objectionable, and I hope that amendment will
not prevail. There has been so much said
here about legislation in favor of the rich and
against the poor that it would be very surpris-
ing if such an amendment as that could be
sustained. I was aboutto suggest that I should
prefer an exemption not to exceed §1,000,
though I think §750 would be better.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can state that the com-
mittee were unanimously of opinion that we
must either insert a limitation as to the amount
of the rental where a man owns the property,
or else we, must strike out this limitation. We
must either value the rental of a man's house
where he owns it, or we must not confine the
rental where a man rents his residence to $500.
In the cities nearly every tenement that is fit
to live in by a man with $2,000 and over he
has to pay more than $500 a year rent for.
The old law did not undertake to limit it, and
I think it is impossible to limit it.
Mr. CASSERLY. The great bulk of the
people live in rented houses, and the great bulk
of the people pay a considerable rent for those
houses, and I do not know any reason why
an indefinite exemption should be allowed
for rents. There are people in this city living
in rented houses at the rate of three or four
thousand dollars year. Should those men be
exempt? Surely not.
Mr. SHERMAN. Suppose a man owns his
house.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not supposing that
case at present; I am supposing another case.
I will come to the Senator's supposition in a
moment. There are persons in New York who
pay ten or twelve thousand dollars a year rent
for a residence. Should they be exempted ?
The Senator speaks of people who own their
own houses. Let them be entitled to an ex-
emption the same as others, and let the rental
value of their houses be ascertained and esti-
mated by the proper officer. There is no diffi-
culty about that. For one, I am very unwilling
to consent to an unbounded exemption for rent.
I think the very utmost exemption that should
be allowed—and I mean to be liberal—is
$1,000, and I hope it will hot be extended
beyond that. My motion would be, first, to
insert "'$1,000" insteadof "$500," and then
to retain the part proposed to be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
to amend the part which. is proposed to be
stricken out.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to strike oat
"$500" and insert "$1,000."
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
noes appeared to have it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I must ask for a division
or the yeas and nays upon that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator will allow
me to state the question. The simple question
is, whether a man shall have a residence ex-
empted from taxation, without respect to its
value. That is all that the committee propose
to do. It is to allow every man, whether he
owns his residence or whether he rents it, to
have it free from taxation. The Senator from
California proposes to impose a tax if the
rentral is worth more than $1,000,
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 supposed that was the
question. 1 did not suppose there was any
other. I believe we are all agreed as to what
the question is. But I say an unbounded ex-
emption l'or rent is a new idea in an income
tax law, and is for the express benefit of rich
people rather than the poor. I therefore pro-
pose to limit the exemption to $1,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this ques-
tion a division is demanded.
The question being put, there were—ayes
ten.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is a further
count demanded?
Mr. CASSERLY. If the ten gentlemen who
voted in the affirmative will sustain me, I shall
ask for the yeas and nays on this question. I
regard this as a very important element of
this bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. It occurs to me that in
committee, as I recollect, I voted to strike out
this limitation. Every man in this country
ought to have a homestead according to his
fortune. It is one of the happy facts of our
country that more men live in their single pri-
vate habitations than in any other land. These
exemptions from the tax on incomes I have
always thought unfair, and that is one reason
why 1 have always voted against the law. And
yet at the same time there is something in a
homestead—whether I have thought it out very
accurately or not I do not know—which should
exempt it from a tax. -4 man's home should
not be charged against him as income, although
it is true that he may pay rent. But whether
he pays rent or whether he owns it I would
regard it as his home, and I am disposed to see
it entirely exempted. The tax in this case
would be directly a tax on real estate, because
it is a general tax upon the rents of realty,
which, by all legal construction, is held to be a
tax upon the fee simple itself. For that reason
I am in favor of exempting from taxation the
real estate occupied by a man as his homo,
whether he rents it of another or whether he
owns it himself. I wish I could exempt from
this tax altogether the real estate of the coun-
try, believing it is imposed unconstitutionally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theauestion
is on the motion of the Senator from California,
to strike out "$500" and insert "$1,000."
Mr. CASSERLY. For the purpose after-
ward of moving to retain the clause.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 34: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Corbett, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, McC'reery. Robertson, Ross,
Scott, Trumbull, Vickers, arid V/iUsy—11.
NAYS—'Messrs. Abbott. Ani.hony, - Boreman,
Chandler, Cragin, Drake,Edmunds, Fenton,Gilbert,
Hiimlin, ilarlao, Harris. Howe, llowell. Kellogg,
' McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Osborn, Patterson, Poineroy, Pool, Ramsey, Rice,
Sawyer, Schurz, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Warner, Williams, and Wibon-iU.
ABSENT — Mossre. Aloes, llrowillow, Bucking-
