2270
THE 0 ON"GrBESSIOJSFAL GLOBE.
March 29,
referred a bill of this charaetar to a committee,
and when informed of the action of the com-
mittee, as I informed the Senate yesterday,
the Senate of the United States deems proper,
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, to
take the bill from its consideration and to
change the course of business in this body to
carry out his purpose, which seems to be to
have two Senators admitted, be it so. 1 am
for admitting the two Senators from Texas
and the two Senators from Georgia and the
one Senator from Mississippi. I shall welcome
them all here at the earliest moment. And 1
say to the Senator from Ohio that I hope we
may go right on with these bills; and the Texas
bill, as was stated yesterday in my remarks—
the committee meeting to-morrow—will be
before the Senate by the time the Senate is
ready to act upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, my hon-
orable friend from Illinois cannot drag me into
a controversy, that he so much desires, of a
personal character; and it seems to be the
constitution of his mind that he cannot even
approach a simple question like this as to the
order of business in the Senate without at-
tempting to give it a personal character. He
points to me as if I had committed some great
crime against his dignity aud the dignity of the
Committee on the Judiciary. Why, sir, I have
said nothing against him or his committee. 1
generally follow them ; the natural bent and
tenor of my mind leads me to follow the conclu-
sions of the Judiciary Committee. 1 have not
arraigned them; but he says that £liave offered
them a gross indignity. Why, sir, we have
offered them no gross indignity, and I say that
the resistance of sueh a motion as this is itself
an extraordinary feature. That a committee
or the organ of a committee should endeavor
to dictate to the Senate the mode and manner
of conducting its business, and the order of
considering it, is an extraordinary proceeding.
I doubt very much whether there is in the his-
tory of our legislation a ease where a commit-
tee has contended against and resisted the
withdrawal of a bill from a reference to that
committee. It is true that a case of this kind
very rarely arises. A motion of this kind would
very rarely be made, because generally com-
mittees are ready and willing to report as early
as the majority of the Senate desire.
But the Senator asks me by what authority I
speak for the majority of the Senate; have I
counted the Senate? Yes, through your Sec-
retary, by the votes on the yeas aud nays, just
as the Senator did; and I have no more doubt
from the votes taken, so far as they indicated
anything, that there is a desire to reach this
Texas bill in order to accomplish an object
which the honorable Senator himself desires
to accomplish as well as myself.
Now, Mr. President, it seems to me we ought
to dismiss all these personal matters. VVe
ought to reach the question and decide it upon
the simple proposition, whether it is not best
now for the country to take up the Texas bill,
as the one least likely to lead to a prolonged
debate, and vote upon it, and then proceed to
the consideration of other subjects. I will not
be drawn into any personal controversy with
the honorable Senator from Illinois or any-
body else; but when he endeavors to prevent
me from exercising my right here to move
to discharge his committee or any other com-
mittee of this body, or to ask a vote of the
Senate on any proposition, he will find himself
very much mistaken. I may not wrangle and
dispute and make long speeches about it; but
I assert now to the Senate that it is the right
of any Senator here to move to discharge his
committee from the consideration of anything
submitted to them. They are but the creatures
of the Senate; they are merely an agency, a
convenience constituted to examine and report
upon measures, and the Senate at anytime,
upon the motion of any Senator, may with-
draw from them, for any reason sufficient to
it, the consideration of any bill.
In this case no Senator, I imagine, will vote
to take up this Texas bill with any disrespect
to the committee or with any disrespect to the
chairman of the committee. Their labors have
been onerous. They have reported a great
many bills. They are constantly pressing
them upon our attention. But when, in the
judgment of the Senate orof any Senator, any
one of those bills is more important for imme-
diate action than any other it is the right of
that Senator, and it is the duty of the Senate,
without regard to personal feeling, to take that
bill from them, whether they like it or not. It
will not do to let the creature rise above the
creator; it will not do to allow a committee
to dictate to the Senate; aud, sir, when even
there was an appearance here of a desire on
the part of the Senate to take from them a bill
committed to their custody for the time being
they ought at once to have solicited the vote
of the Senate, and ought to have yielded that
bill with courtesy and kindness whenever a
majority of the Senate wished to take the con-
sideration of it into its own hands.
1 again repeat that it is with no desire to cast
any reproach upon the Judiciary Committee,
universally recognized as among the ablest, if
not the ablest of tlie committees of this body,
or to act to the honorable chairman himself
with any discourtesy, that I have made this
motion; but when 1 remember that upon the
passage of the Texas bill four million peo-
ple will be crowned with civic rights, and all
the disputed questions that have grown out of
reconstruction will disappear; when I remem-
ber that now every State in this Union is look-
ing anxiously to the great question whether
every man is free and equal before the law,
with equal civil rights and privileges, I am not
to be deterred from the performance of my
duty by any sensitiveness on the part of a mem-
ber of this body.
Sir, the question rises above and beyond all
personal considerations. I think the clearest,
the most direct, the most rapid way to the
object we seek to accomplish is by the admis-
sion of the State of Texas. If all the other
Senators will follow my example and my ad-
vice, they will make no more speeches upon
the Slate of Georgia, or upon the admission
of General Ames, both of which questions have
been talked to death 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not vote on them
then ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Simply because we know
it is impossible. The honorable Senator says
let us take a vote on the question of General
Ames's right to a seat. Let him look around
the Senate and he will find half a dozen pre-
pared speeches on the question involved in the
admission of General Ames. There is no doubt
of it. So with the Georgia case, which does
present grave and difficult questions. The
question of the admission of the State of Texas
does not.
The honorable Senator yesterday paraded
some great mistakes the House of Represent-
atives had committed in passing the Texas bill.
Well, what were they? Two or three words
would bo sufficient to cure all the defects in
that bill that he pointed out: and the slightest
amendment, which no doubt would be proposed
by the honorable Senator, either as a member
of the Senate or from the committee, or by
other members of this body, will answer all
the objections that have been made to the pas-
sage of the Texas bill.
I trust, therefore, that the Senate will pro-
ceed to the consideration directly of the Texas
bill, and will act upon it to-day and put that
question out of the way, and then proceed
to the other question without further debate.
That is the natural, logical order of proceed-
ing with business, and let us do it without any
irritating expression or unkind word. I trust
never again in this Senate shall we see a strug-
gle by mere captious parliamentary rules to
prevent the vote of the Senafw-npon any bill
that a majority of the Senate desire to
consider. If I am mistaken in supposing that
a majority of the Senate desire to proceed with
the Texas bill that will be ascertained by a voje,
and no one will acquiesce more willingly than
I shall in the judgment of the majority of the
Senate. I believe that a majority of the Sen-
ate do desire to reach and vote on the Texas
bill. I judge so from several votes that were
taken to postpone other matters. I saw many
Senators voting to postpone propositions on
your Calendar, when I knew that they were
in favor of the propositions themselves; but
they voted to postpone them on the ground
that they desired to reach an important result
in the passage of the Texas bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio that
the present and all othsr orders be postponed
for the purpose of taking up the Texas bill.
The Senator from Illinois demands a division
of that question, as the Chair understands.
Mr. VICKERS, Is it in order now to ad-
dross the Senate on the case of General Ames?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That question is
before the Senate, and is the subject of dis-
cussion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The motion was made to
laythataside, and that tabes precedence, I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion be-
fore the Senate is to postpone, and the motion
to postpone is debatable under the rules of the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood the Senator
from Kansas to make a motion to lay it aside.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There was some
colloquy in regard to it, but the Chair did not
understand him to make that motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not make that
motion. I made a suggestion of that sort.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
did not record such a motion as made by the
Senator from Kansas.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to my honor-
able friend from Maryland, who probably
would wish to conform to the wishes of the
Senate, to allow a vote to be taken at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Maryland to allow me to submit that motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it is best to take
this vote now, because if you make that
motion the Calendar will then be in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will hear what the Sen-
ator from Maryland says.
Mr. VICKERS. My personal feeling would
be to yield to the Senator from Ohio ; but there
seems to be a disposition on this side of the
Chamber to go on with the case of General
Ames.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I give notice that
as soon as the honorable Senator is through,
with his permission, I shall submitthe motion.
I do not think the will of the majority of the
Senate ought to be allowed to be crowded out
if there is a majority in favor of this motion.
As a matter of course the honorable Senator
has a right to proceed; but after he has con-
cluded 1 shall submit the motion.
Mr. VICKERS. I believe I shall yield.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I submit the motion
that this matter lie over.
J.he VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. To postpone the
present and all prior orders 
_ Mr, TRUMBULL. Under the new rule is
it not required that that motion should be made
as to each prior order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not, because
the usage of the Senate has been to entertain
such a^ proposition together as one motion.
Mr. TRUMB ULL. The motion in reference
to resolutions was made as to each one, I
observed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is true,
because the motion was not made in regard to
all of them together.
