1326
1HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
but a mero ^pnjrotioa. dnriBg pleasure, orrto use
the piirweology of the times, during feeling r And
that feeling, too, not the feeling of the people who
established the Constitution, but the feeding of the
State governments.
In another of the South Carolina addresses, hav-
ing premised that the crisis requires ' all the con-
centrated energy of passion/ an attitude of open
resistance to tho laws of the Union is advised. Open
resistance to tho laws, then, is the constitutional
remedy, the conservative power of the State, which
the South Carolina doctrines teach for the redress
of political evils, real or imaginary I And its authors
further say, that, appealing with confidence to the
Constitution itself to justify their opinions, they
cannot consent to try their accuracy by the courts
of justice 1 In one sense, indeed, sir, this is assum-
ing an attitude of open resistance in favor of liberty.
But what sort of liberty ? The liberty of establish-
ing their own opinions, in defiance of the opinions
of all others; the liberty of judging and of deciding
exclusively themselves, in a matter in which others
have as much right to judge and deciUe as they; the
liberty of placing their own opinions above the judg-
ment of all others, above the laws, and abovo the
Constitution. This is their liberty and this is the
fair result of the proposition contended for by the i
honorable gentleman. Or, it may be more properly
said, it is identical with it, rather than a result
from it."
I intend to embody in my remarks the spirit i
of these sentiments of Mr.. Webster, and there- i
fore I enforce them upou the Senate to show
the position which be occupied. I read again
his words: - ,!
" Sir, the human mind is so constituted, that the
merits of both sides of a controversy appear very
clear and very palpable to those who respectively
espouse them; and both sides usually grow clearer
as tho controversy advances. South Carolina sees
unconstitutionality in the tariff; she sees oppression
there also, and she sees danger. Pennsylvania, with
a vision not less sharp, looks at the same tariff, and
sees no such thing in it; she sees it all constitutional,
all useful, all safe. Tho faith of South Carolina i3
strengthened by opposition, and she now not only
sees, but' resolves that the tariff is palpably uncon-
stitutional, oppressive, and dangerous; bnt Penn-
sj lvania, notto be behind her neighbors, and equally
willing to strengthen her own faith by a confident
asseveration, resolves also, and gives to every warm
affirmative of South Carolina a plain, downright,
Pennsylvania negative. South Carolina, to show the
strength and unity of her opinion, brings her Assem-
bly to a unanimity within seven voices. Pennsyl-
vania, net to be outdone in this respect any more
than in others, reduces Tier dissentient fraction to a
single vote. Now, sir, again I ask the gentleman,
what is to bo done?"
Two States disagreeing and no umpire ; two
States sovereign in themselves!
"Are these States both right? Is he bound to
consider them both right 7 If not, which is in the
wrong; or rather* which has the bestrigbt to decide ?
And if he, and.if I, are not to know what the Con-
stitution means, and what it is, till those two State
Legislatures and the twenty-two others shall agree I
iu its c instruction, what have we sworn to when we I
hare sworn to maintain it? I was forcibly struck,
sir, with one reflection as tho gentleman went on in (
his speech. He quoted Mr. Madison's resolutions-
to prove that a State may interfere in a case of de-
liberate. palpable, ahd dangerous exercise of a power
riot granted. Tho honorable member supposed the
tariff law to be such an exercise Of power ■—
You can make any question the subject of
such exercise of power—■ •
"and that consequently acase has arisen in which the
State may, if it see fit, interfere by Us own law. Now
it so happens, nevertheless, that Mr. Madison deems
this same tariff law quite constitutional. Instead
of a clear and palpable violation, it is, in his judg-
ment, no Violation at all. So that while they nse
his authority for a hypothetical case, they reject it in
the very case before them. All this, sir, shows the
inherent' futility—I had almost used a stronger
word—ofeoneeding this power of interference to the
State, and then attempting to secure it from abuse
by imposing qualifications of which the States them-
selves arc to judge. One of two things is true: either
the laws of the Union are beyond the discretion and
beyond the controlof the States, or else we have no
Constitution of (General Government, and are thrust
back again to the days of the Confederation."
In the same debate Mr. Webster said:
" When the gentleman says the Constitution is a
cQmpact between tho States ho uses language ex-
actly applicable to the old Confederation. He speaks
as if he were in Congress before 1789. He describes
fully that old state of things then existing. . The Con-
federation was, in strictness, a compact; the States,
aststates, were parties to it. We had no other Gen-
eral Government. But that was found insufficient
and inadequate to the public exigencies. Tho people
were not satisfied with it, and undertook to establish'
a better. They undertook to form a General Gov-
ernment whieh should stand on a new basis; not a
confederacy, not a league, not a compact between
States, but a Constitution j a popular Government,
founded in popular election, dircctly responsible to
the people themselves, and divided into branches,
with prescribed limits of power and prescribed
duties.- They ordained such n Government: they
gave lithe name of a Constitution; and therein they
established a distribution of powors between thin,
their General Government, ana their several Stato
governments.
" He argues that if we transgress our constitutional
limits each State as a Stato has a right to check us.
Does he admit the converse of tho proposition that
we have a right to oheek the States ? The gentle-
man's doctrines would give ua a strange jumble of
authorities and powers instead of governments of
separate and defined powers. It is the part of wis-
dom, I think, to avoid this, and to keep the Gen-
eral Government and the State government each in
its .proper sphere, avoiding as carefully as possible
every kind of interference.
"Finally, sir. tho honorable gentleman says that the
States will only interfere by their power to preserve
the Constitution. They will notdestroy it; they will
not impair it; they will only save, they will only
preserve, they will only strengthen it. Ah, sir, this
is but the old story. All regulated Governments, nil
free Governments, have been broken by similar dis-
interested and well-disposed interference. It is tho
common pretense. But I take leave of thesubjecf."
Mr. Webster says again, in this same speech:
"Sir, the vory chief end, tho main dosign for which
the whole Constitution was framed and adopteJ,
was to establish a Government that should not be
obliged to act through Stato agency or depend on
Stato opinion and Stato discretion. The peoplohad
had quite enough of that kind of government under
the Confederation. Under that system the legal ac-
tion, the application of law to individuals, belonged
exclusively to the States. Congress could only rco-
ommend; their acts were not of binding force till the
States had adopted an J sanctioned tiiern. Are we
in that condition still ? Aro we yet at tho mercy of
StatQ discretion and State construction ? Sir, if we
are, then vain will bo our attempt to maintain the
Constitution under which we sit."
He says again :
" For myself, sir, I do not admit the competency
of South Carolina, or any other State, to prescribe
my constitutional duty, orto settle, between moand
the people, the validity of any law Congress for which
I have voted."
Just as we bave..voted for these conditions;
and we.do not leave it to Georgia or Virginia
or.any other State to say whetherthey are con-
stitutional or not.
" I dcclin« her umpirage. I have not sworn to sup-
port tho Constitution according to her construction
of its clauses. I have not stipulated' by rny oath of
office or otherwiso to eome under any responsibility
except to the people and those whom they have
appointed to pass upon the question whether laws
supported by my votes conform to the Constitution
of the country.- And, sir, if we look to the geueral
nature of the case, could anything have been more
preposterous than to make a Government for the
whole Union, and yet leave its powers Subjeet, not
to one interpretation, but to thirteen or twenty-four
interpretations? Instead of one tribunal established
by ali, responsible to all, with power to dccidefor
all, shall constitutional questions boleft td four-nn<i-
twenty popular bodies, each at liberty to decide for
itself, and none bound to respect the decisions of
others, and each at liberty, too, to give a new con-
struction on every new election of its own members?
Would anything with such a principle in it, or-rather,
with such destitution of all principle, be_fit to be
callcd a Government? No, sir, it should not be de-
nominated a constitution; it should be called rather
a collection of topics for everlasting controversy;
heads of, debate for a disputatious people. It would
not be a government. It would not be adequate to
any practical good, or fit for any country to live
under." .
Mr. President, I havereferred to Mr. Web-
ster to sustain what I said the other day in
reply to the Senator from Wisconsin, and I
ask the Senate to judge from what I hare read
whether his bones would rattle in his coffin in
response to me or to the Senator from Wiscon-
sin. I quote his authority on the question
whether this is a government of the people,
whether there ia any supreme power in the
Government of the United States, or whether:
we are left to the old Confederation, to a rope
of saud, to thirty or forty or fifty or a hundred
governments deciding each question as they
may choose.
But, Mr, President, the point is, Bhall these
questions never be ■ settled? What was the
issue upon which the late war was fought?
Why, sir, plainly and simply, whether the
States had the power, or whether the General
Government, had the power, to decide ques-
tions which affected the interests of the people
of the United States. When Jeff Davis took
his hat and left his seat in the Senate Cham-
ber And said, "I bid good by to the people
of the United States; I raise the Palmetto
flag; I will tear down your Capitol; I will
prostrate your institutions ; and I will have
a new government, founded upon slaverv "
what was his argument? Why, sir, that "th0
State of Mississippi was supreme; that there
was no authority in the United States Govern-
ment to control the power and the will :nnj the
pleasure of the separate States. Hisdoctrine
was," I will not belong to a Union in which
my constituents are cramped, in which the
people of the State of Mississippi have not a
supreme voice, and in which ], us a Sonatxr
from the State of Mississippi, am not as supreme
in my authority and power as the representatives
of the people ofthe United States of America.''
This opened the great drama which has cost so
much blood and treasure. This filled our laud
with widows and orphans This wjis the ques-
tion before the American people, whether a
single State of this Union was supreme and all-
powerful in authority, whether it could disobey
the laws of the Federal Government. His
doctrine was, " I set up for myself; I raise the
standard of a new government; slavery is tny
platform and my corner-stone, and you have
no right whatever to say a word in this matter."
And, sir, Congress, a Congress of the United
States, iu obedience to the slave power, passed
a resolution that Congress had no right to in-
terfere with slavery in the States, when there
was an express power to that effect. I speak
now of no implied power, and Senators need
not talk to uie about implied powers; but I
say there was au express power in the Consti-
tution, as express as human language could
make it, a clause direct and absolute in its
phraseology, that Congress shall guaranty to
every State in the Union a republican form of
government. 1 must not be told that this is
not one of the express powers granted to Con-
gress, because it is au express power, for the
Constitution says that Congress shall not only
have power to pass all laws necessary and
proper to carry into effect the expressly enum-
erated powers, but that it shall pass all laws
necessary and proper for carrying into effect
every power vested iu the Government of the
Uuited States or in any of its departments by
the Constitution.
Mr. Presideut, we hear quoted the decisions
of the Supremo Court under a different state
of things, the decisions of that court when
slavery was the rule and freedom the excep-
tion ; but, thanks be to God, now there is a
different principle prevailing, and freedom is
the rule and slavery the exception. I may
say, in the language of Holy Writ, that " old
things are done away, and behold all things
are new." And when I hear my Republican
frieuds, like the Seuator from Wisconsin, advo-
cating the doctrine tbat the State of Missis-
sippi, after she comes into the Union, may
nullify au act of Congress, treat it as inoper-
ative and void, I feel like sayiug to him, "Is
there no balm inGilead; is there no physician
there?" Precedents and judicial decisions of
the Supreme Court, and of other courts in the
Union, have been the ramparts of human sla-
very. That institution was sustained by wealth,
by power, by capital, by eotton; and it con-
trolled the decisions of the-Supreme Court and
other courts of the United States. But those
decisions have vanished like the '' baseless fab-
ric of a vision," leaving " not a rack behind."
Now we see another light; another sun blazes
upon us. It is the light of truth, and justice,
and liberty; liberty to all God's creatures,
without a single exception; all, high and low,
rich and poor, learned and ignorant, have • an
equal voice in the administration of this glori-
ous Government of ours. The achievement
of this grand result is the great record of the
Republican party, if it has any record. And
now, sir, shall we go back to the days of seces-
sion and State rights, and raise again the
banner which lit up the flames of civil war in
this glorious land of ours ? No, sir. Senators
may attempt to congratulate themselves that
they can resist this onward march of human
progress and human liberty; but it is a fiat
of Almighty God, and one of the decrees of
