3214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
12278, 4681, 7128, 10080, 12279; of United
States bonds, commonly known as five-twen-
ties, issued in pursuance of the act of Congress
of March 8, 1865, two of the denomination,
respectively, of $500, and numbered 11946,
11947.
The Secretary of the Treasury is also required
to issue and deliver, or cause to be issued and
delivered, to the United States Express Com-
pany duplicates of all the coupons attached to
the originals of the foregoing bonds, except
those that were due and payable previous to
January 30, 1866. Before the issue of dupli-
cates of the bonds the United States Express
Company are to execute and deliver, or cause
to be executed and delivered, to the Secretary
ot' the Treasury such bond of indemnity as
shall be approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury upon the issue of the duplicates of
the bonds.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a report in that
case?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report made
by the committee has been sent to the printing
office, and has not yet been returned.
Mr. WILSON. Let the bill be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
family OF john a. rawlins.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 158) for pay of
one year's salary to the executors of General
John A. Rawlins for the benefit of his family ;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to the executors of the estate of
General John A. Rawlins, late Secretary of
War, for the benefit of his family, one year's
salary as , Secretary of War, less the amount
paid to him as salary prior to his death.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
army and nafy accounts.
The next bill on the Calendar wa3 the bill
(S. No. 459) to authorize the settlement of the
accounts of officers of the Army and Navy •, which
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury, in the settlement
of the accounts of disbursing officers of the War
and Navy Departments arising since the com-
mencement of the rebellion and prior to the
20th of August, 1866, to allow such credits for
over-payments and for losses of funds, vouch-
ers, and property as they may deem just and
reasonable, when recommended under author-
ity of the Secretaries of War and Navy, by the
heads of the military and naval bureaus to
which such accounts respectively pertain. The
accoontsof military and naval officers, whether
of the line or staff, for Government property
charged to them, may be closed by the proper
accounting officers whenever, in their judg-
ment, it will be for the interest of the United
States so to do, where such accounts origin-
ated prior to the 20th of August, 1866.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that this bill was reached on the Calen-
dar, but at the suggestion of the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance for examination, having been
previously reported by another committee. It
has since been reported back by the Committee
on Finance, and is now again reached on the
Calendar.
$Ir. WILSON. I hope it will be put upon
its passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
pay of deputy collectors.
The next bill on the Calendar was the biil
(8. No. 617) to define the intent of an act
entitled "An act to allow deputy collectors of
internal revenue acting as collectors the pay
of collectors, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March 1, 1869; which was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. The bill de-
clares the true intent and meaning of an act
approved March 1, 1869, entitled "An act to
allow deputy collectors of internal revenue
acting as collectors the pay of collectors, and
for other purposes," to be that any deputy
collector of internal revenue who has per-
formed, or may hereafter perform, under au-
thority of law, the duties of collector of inter-
nal revenue in consequence of any vacancy
in the office of collector, shall be entitled to
and shall receive the salary and commissions
allowed by law to such collector, or the allow-
ance in lieu of salary and commissions allowed
by the Secretary of the Treasury to such col-
lector, and that the Secretary of the Treasury
is authorized to make to the said deputy col-
lector such allowance in lieu of salary and
commissions as he would by law be author-
ized to make to the collector. The deputy
collector is not to be debarred from receiving
the salary and commissions, or allowance in
lieu thereof, by reason of the holding of an-
other Federal office by the collector during
the time for which the deputy collector acts as
collector; but all payments to the deputy col-
lector are to be upon duly audited vouchers.
Mr. WILSON. What committee does that
bill come from?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was reported
by the Committee on Finance.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
amendment of bankrupt i<aw.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 386) to amend an act entitled "An
act to establish a uniform system, of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States," ap-
proved March 2, 1867; which was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was re-
ported by the Senator from Illinois, [ Mr. Trum-
bull,] from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY. Reported adversely.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; it is reported
favorably, with an amendment. I hope it will
be acted upon.
The Secretary read the bilL It provides
that the jurisdiction conferred upon the su-
preme courts of the Territories by the act to
which this is in amendment may be exercised,
upon petitions regularly filed, by either of the
justices while holding the district court in the
district in which the petitioner or the alleged
bankrupt resides, and the several supreme
courts are to have the same supervisory juris-
diction overall acts and decisions of each jus-
tice thereof as is conferred upon the circuit
courts of the United States over proceedings
in the district courts of the United States by 1
the second section of the act of 1867. The
second section of the bill provides that in
case of a vacancy in the office of' district
judge in any district, or in case any district
judge shall from sickness, absence, or other
disability be unable to act, the clerk of the
district court of such district shall be author-
ized and empowered by leave or order of the
circuit judge of the circuit in which such dis-
trict is included to make, daring such disabil-
ity or vacancy, all necessttry rules and orders
preparatory to the final hearing of all causes
in bankruptcy.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill, with an amendment to strike out the
second section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was read
the third time, and passed.
kuleb of evidbncb.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 886) prescribing the rules of evidence
in certain cases.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trttmbtjll] from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary adversely.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move its indefinite
postponement.
Mr. SUMNER. What are those cases ? Let
the bill be read.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows :
Be it enacted, &c., That in actions, suits, and pro-
ceedings, by or against the executors, administrators,
heirs-at-law, or next of kin, of adeceased person, or
by or against any person whose interest in or claim to
the subject-matter of the controversy has been ac-
quired directly or indirectly from a deceased person,
neither a party nor thevendoror assignor of the sub-
ject-matter of the controversy, nor any person who
has alegal or equitableinterest which may be affected
bytheevcntof the action, suit, or proceeding, shall
be allowed to testify for any party as to any transac-
tion or conversation with or statement by the testator
or other deceased person, unless called to testify
thereto by the opposite party.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That this act shall
apply to actions, suits, and proceedings in tho courts
of law, equity, anfl admiralty.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the bill will be
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object to its indefinite
postponement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon has risen to debate the motion.
Does the Senator desire the bill to be passed
over?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over. That has priority of the motion to
indefinitely postpone.
mary lincoln.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1950) granting a pension to Mary
Lincoln.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to
authorize the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Mary Lincoln, widow of Abraham
Lincoln, deceased, late President of the Uni-
ted States, on the pension-roll, at the rate of
$3,000 per annum from and after the passage
of the act.
Mr. TIPTON. I ask that that bill be passed
over.
Mr. SUMNER. Will not the Senator allow
us to vote upon it?
Mr. TIPTON. I will not. The chairman
of the Committee on Pensions is absent pre-
paring his report in that case.
artificial limbs to soldiers. ■
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the Calendar is now exhansted.
There are fourteen or fifteen bills that hkve
been informally passed over in the progress of
the Calendar.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to call up a bill that
was passed over. It is the bill £H. R. Ne. 78S)
to provide for furnishing artificial limbs to dis-
abled soldiers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts calls up a bill which was passed
over informally. The Secretary will report the
bill, subject to objection.
The Secretary read the title of the bill.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. There isanamend-
ment offered by the Senator from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Sawyer] pending. The Secretary
will report the bill as it was amended on a pre-
vious day in the Senate.
The Secretary. The bill has been amended
to read as follows:
Be it enacted, &c., That every soldier who was
disabled during the late war for the suppression of
the rebellion, and who was famished by tho War
Department with an artificial limb, or apparatus for
resection, shall be entitled to receive a new limb or
apparatus as soon after the passage of this bill as
the same can be practically furnished, and at we
expiration of every five years thereafter, under suoa
regulations as may be prescribed by the Surgeon
General of the Army. _ .
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That every sol-
dier who lost a limb during the late War, but from
the nature of his injury was not able to use an arti-
ficial limb, and consequently received none Irom
the Government, shall be entitled to reoeive tne
money value thereof, at the following rates, namely:
For artifieial legs, seventy-five dollars; for arms.
