1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Land Monopoly—Mr. Holman.
Ho. op Reps.
mercial cities. I have before me a paper
complaining that Congress does not give to
the States of Maine and Massachusetts some
eight hundred thousand dollars alleged to be
due them by the Government for interest on
expenditures made by Massachusetts in the
war of 181-i, and which sum those States pro-
pose to give to a railroad company in the State
of Maine, and pressing the claim on the ground
that those Stateshavebeenliberalinvotinglands
to the AVest fer public improvements. They
liberal in voting lands to the western States!
They have voted lands to vhemselves, to their
own citizens, for purposes of speculation and
profit. AVlio tire the presidents and stock-
holders of the corporations to which most of
these grants have been made ? Are they to
be found in Minnesota, or Kansas, or Missouri?
No, sir; they are to be found in the commer-
cial cities of the Bast—in Boston, and Hartford,
and Portland, in New York and Philadelphia.
This is great liberality to the West! No, sir ;
thoy are grants made to eastern corporators in
derogation of the rights of the States and Ter-
ritories of the West.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wixans] has
this moment handed me the joint resolutions
of the Legislature of his State on this subject.
I ask that those resolutions be read. I wish
to convince gentlemen that not only the labor-
ing men of the country, but all men who are
not interested in the profits of this suicidal
policy, are opposed to thus granting the public
lands, and that Congress will defy public senti-
ment if they persist in these grants.
The Clerk read as follows :
Joint resolutions relating to requesting onr Seoatois
unit members in Oongre:-s to oppose all lurtliei
grants of land to r;ulroad or other corporations.
Resolved by the General Assembly of theStateof Ohio,
That land monopoly is one of tho great evils of our
eountryand against the spirit of our institutions;
;md especially it is impolitic to place large_lra,cts ot
the public domain under the control of railroad or
other corporations, because—
Firsf. It destroys in cifcct the benefits of the home-
stead law, driving those who would avail themselves
of its beneficent provisions away from the hues of
travel into the wilderness.
Second. It fives undue power to such corporations,
enabling them to oppress the laboring and producing
classes of our people, and to prevent or retard the
settlement and cultivation of our public lands.
Third. If tho recent policy oi Congress is not
changed tho public lands (which are the property of
tho people) will nearly all be under the control of
mammoth corporations, which are already too for-
midable, and may become a ssurce of danger to a
tree people.
Resolved, That tho grants of public lands to cor-
porations ought to bo discontinued, and tho whole
of such lands ought to bo held as a sacred trust to
secure homesteads for actual settlers and for no other
purpose; andthatonr Senators and Representatives
in Congress bo requested to oppose all lurtber grants
of public lands to railroad or other corporations.
Resolved, That tho Governor be requested to for-
ward a copy of these resolutions to each of our Sen-
ators and .Representatives m tho Congress of the
United States. F. \f. IIIORNIIILL,
Sneaker of the JJouse of Representatives.
J.C.LEE,
President of the Senate.
Adopted March 13,18G7.
Mr. BOOTS. Is not that the same Legis-
lature that refused to ratify the fifteenth amend-
ment ?
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Ark-
ansas, [Mr. Roots,] who is interested in a
similar bill now on your table, Mr. Speaker,
wants everything to be free except the public
lands, except the laboring men of the country,
whose freedom is to be impaired by vast
monopolies of the public lands. Yes, sir, the
public sentiment is against t'nesegrants. There
is not a laboring man in the Union who does
not know that this policy is fatal to him and
fatal to his children. And who are these
gentlemen who come to this Capitol asking
these grants? Are they landless and laboring
men ? Are they citizens of your new States
and Territories? No, sir. They are ex-mem-
bers of Congress and ex-Governors of States,
the millionaires of your commercial cities, and
sharp, shrewd adventurers from everywhere.
What right have they to throng these lobbies
and remain here month after month demand-
ing that Congress shall give them lands that
belong to the people ? Do they wish to make
these fertile lands productive and fruitful by
their own labor? No, sir; they wish to specu-
late off of the labor of other men. What right
has Congress to give away' to speculators and
monopolists this heritage of the American
people? You might as well talk of giving
away to monopolists God's blessed sunlight.
You have as much right by tho just laws of
nature to give away to your favorites the cul-
tivated farms of my constituents as you have
to render their children landless and homeless
by squandering this patrimony of the people,
these lands which should be held in sacred
trust for those who shall occupy and improve
them and render them valuable and productive
by their own labor. You refused to give your
soldiers bounty lands. Was their claim less
meritorious than that of these gentlemen who
swarm your lobby?
I say, therefore, on the authority which I
have presented for the consideration of the
House, that public sentiment is against these
gentlemen, and that this House, if it desires
to represent public opinion as expressed in all
its various forms, will adhere to tho declaration
which it made on the 21st day of last March.
I do not know how other gentlemen may feel
on this subject, but I admit that I feel a cer-
tain indignation, as a Representative of an
intelligent constituency to whom I am alone
responsible, at tho arrogant presumption of
gentlemen who form themselves into corpora-
tions, come hero into your lobbies and demand
these grants. I ask again, what right have
they to these grants? What public service
have they rendered? What right have we to
divide these fertile lands among stock jobbers
and speculators? How many instances have
occurred in which these grants have been held
for only a short time when the franchises
granted have been transferred to other parties?
Do net gentlemen know that the grant to tho
Atlantic and Pacific company, forty-two mil-
lion acres, was made to a mere body of specu-
lative adventurers, who turned it overto another
corporation at a profit of $300,000 without
striking a blow toward constructing a road?
The same is true of the road running from St.
Joseph westward, which is now asking a fur-
ther grant, two hundred miles in length and
twenty miles in width, in alternate sections, to
extend its road to tho Union Pacific. The
general policy has been to form these combi-
nations and obtain these grants by persons
having no object in view so far as concerns
the building of a road, but who sell out the
bounty, the princely estate you have given, the
fruit ol' their ingenuity and craft, and realize
princely fortunes. There are exceptions, of
course, to this statement; but that is the gen-
eral policy w-hich has prevailed, such is the
motive and aim for lobbying for there grants.
Your generous liberality has made it a regular
business.
Before yielding the floor I wish to say that
to this particular bill I have no other objection
than my general objection to these grants. In
my judgment they all stand upon the same
common footing, and no public necessity ean
justify them. The solid, healthful settlement
of this country was made without any such
agencies. Tho great States east of the Alle-
ghany mountains, the great States extending
from the mountains to the Wabash and the
Mississippi rivers, were in the main built up
under a different policy—the policy of individual
enterprise. I venture to say that a very casual
observation will convince any gentleman that
a country so settled shows a more equal distri-
bution of land and wealth and a more sub-
stantial bodv of citizens, each cultivf^'n^ his
own homestead, than can be found in those
sections of the country further west and north-
west which have been settled under the influ-
ence of great monopolies. I have seen in such
sections vast tracts of fertile land held by land
monopolists unproductive and yielding nothing,
neither homes for the landless nor wealth to
tho nation.
It is impossible in the nature of things that
under a policy which places groat bodies of the
public domain in the hands of a lew citizens
there should be a rapid settlement for agricul-
ture and a healthy growth. The few monopo-
lize the very earth which must give the citizen
his true freedom by making him a free occu-
pant of the soil. For my own part, I would
rather see a hundred citizens each settled down
upon his quarter section of land, making it pro-
ductive by his own labor, rearing his children
in virtuous industry, than to see a whole sec-
tion of country rapidly developed by agencies
which would give the lands and the wealth to
the few, and promise in tho future to consign
our children and our children's children to the
hopeless labor of tho tenant.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, without knowing
anything especially with reference to the bill
immediately under consideration, and without
intending to discuss the propriety of passing
it, t desire simply to say a word in corrobor-
ation of what (he gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
IIoljux] has just said with reference to the
disposal of the lands which have heretofore
been appropriated by Congress to various rail-
roads. When in Europe last year I found at
Frankfort, in Germany, and in Paris, and in
London, that a very large number of Ameri-
can railroad corporations were in the market
there to borrow money, and the lands appro-
priated by Congress were really the only secur-
ity that they had to offer; thus showing con-
clusively that by the bounty of Congress the
lands form pretty much the only capital that
these companies possess, and upon those lauds
they borrow in the European money market
the money with which to construct their roads.
Therefore, the lands were not devoted to the
purpose ot' actual settlement or occupation by
any class of individuals, but were rather used
by financiers and speculators upon which to
raise money for speculative purposes entirely.
I have made this statement in support of tho
remarks of the gentleman from Indiana oppos-
ing these wholesale grants of the public lands
to private corporations.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is sometimes urged, Mr.
Speaker, that these land grants are beneficial
to the nation as a nation. I call attention to
the fact that all the railroads built by land sub-
sidies where you have also granted bonds of
tho Government the interest on those bonds
has not been paid by these corporations. Not
only has the Government bestowed upon them
the vast tracts of public lands, but we have
also paid out of the public Treasury the inter-
est on the bonds, except so far as the trans-
portation of troops and mails have constituted
a set-off. Sixty-four million four hundred and
fifty-seven thousand three hundred and twenty
dollars of debt has been incurred by the Gov
ernment in building roads for these gentlemen,
every dollar of the interest on which is being
paid out of the public Treasury, except where
it is paid by the transportation of the mails
and Government supplies at tho enormous
rates charged by thos'e roads. On these bonds
we have paid $4,816,0-IS 35 of interest, of
which not a dollar has been refunded.
I am certain that I need not appeal to Demo-
crats on this floor ; there is not a gentleman
representing a Democratic constituency who
docs not know he would receive the earnest
commendation of his constituents by oppos-
ing this and every other scheme ot public
plunder ; we at least, sir, cannot afford to vio-
late tha just rights of labor by pandering to
