1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1327
this nineteenth century. We will establish
it. I see it blazing with law, and liberty, and
justice, and truth, and religion.
Senators talk about this clause to guar-
anty to every State a republican government
'just as though it was to be treated as an un-
meaning article in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. You might just as well extract
from the Bible the sermon of the Saviour on the
Mount as to take this most important of all
ilie express powers of the Constitution from
the Government of the United States. Why,
sir, what did our fathers mean when they put
that in the Constitution? They were fresh
from the Revolution. They stood by the door-
steps of those old men who came bleeding with
their wounds fresh from the battle-fields of the
Revolution, with their locks dusty and hoary
from those fields of blood. Thus instructed,
they put it in the Constitution that Congress
should guaranty to every State a republican
form of government. Why, sir, there is the
jewel of the Constitution ; there is the rampart
of human liberty; there is the fortress of the
poor against oppression, that not thirty-four
different States having different interpretations
of the Constitution, and passing different laws
and contending with each other, but the Con-
gress of the United States representing all the
people of the United States, representing the
will of all the people, responsible to all the
people, should have the power to guaranty to
every State a republican form of government.
Sir, I stand by the Constitution. Will any
man now say that a State has authority to
attempt to deprive a single American citizen
of his right to vote or to hold office; that it
can take away the right of education from the
children of the people of the State ; that it can
do as some of the States of the South once did,
deny the Bible to the children of the people
of the State; that some of its citizens can have
the uncontrolled right to murder and to kill
every man who does not agree with them in
opinion ? Can they establish a government in
which negroes shall not be allowed to hold
office, or Germans or Irishmen shall not be
allowed to hold office ? Sir, there is an inherent
power in the Constitution of the United States
to compel them to obedience, and what could
be plainer? Congress is to use all the powers
necessary and proper to secure a republican
government in every State ; and if a State sets
herself up against the Union, and Congress
does not use the means necessary and proper
to put down her insurrection ; or if she estab-
lishes a government which is not republican
in form, and nothing is done by Congress to
secure republican government and to secure
law and order in that State, who is responsi-
ble; who fails in duty; who violates the Con-
stitution which he has sworn to protect and
maintain? Why, sir, when a Senator goes to
your stand and raises his hand before Almighty
God and swears that he will support and main-
tain the Constitution of the United States, and
then suffers anything but a republican govern-
ment to exist in any State of this Union, he is
a perjurer and amenable to the laws for per-
jury, and though he may not receive his just
punishment in this world, I hope he will in
the next.
I referred the other day to the Missouri com-
promise of 1820. I am going now to refer to
the Missouri compromise of 1821. There has
been no disagreement between the Democratic
party and the Whig party about the constitu-
tionality and propriety of the Missouri com-
promise of 1821. About the compromise of
1820, which prohibited slavery north of the
parallel of 36° 30' north latitude, there was the
same objection that there is now to these con-
gressional conditions. But about the Missouri
compromise of 1821 there was no disagree-
ment between Mr. Clay and the members of
the Democratic party. What was that provis-
ion? I will explain it.
After the ordinance of 1787 was passed, emi-
grants to the West settled in Illinois on account
of its greater proximity to the East, and also
on account of its superior agricultural lands,
and at the same time sent their slaves over
into Missouri, the ordinance of 1787 keeping
the slaves out of the State of Illinois. Missouri
passed a law that free negroes should not go
into the State of Missouri. When Missouri
was admitted, what condition was prescribed
for her admission? The enactment which
admitted Missouri required that this law which
she had passed excluding free negroes from
the State should not operate to prevent citizens
of the United States from immigrating into the
State of Missouri. Why? Because in New
York a negro who owned $250 worth of prop-
erty was a citizen. Congress allowed Missouri
to come in on condition that she should never
thereafter in her constitution or laws prevent any
citizen of the United States from immigrating
to that State. That prohibition was admitted
to be right by all parties, and it was accepted
in good faith by Missouri. This was not merely
a condition, but a "fundamental condition"
to the admission of Missouri, as a reference to
the law will show. I read the joint resolution
of March 2, 1821:
" Resolved, by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United,Statesoj Aviericain Congressassem-
bled, Xhat Missouri shall bo admitted into this
Union on an equal looting with the original States
in all respocts whatever, upon the fundamental
condition that the fourth clause of tho twenty-sixth
section of the third article of the constitution sub-
mitted on tho part of said State to Congress shall
never be construed to authorize tho passage of any
law, and that no law shall bo passed in conformity
thereto, by which any citizen of either of the States
in this Union shall be excluded from the enjoyment
of any of the privileges and immunities to which
such citizen is entitled under the Constitution of the
United States : Provided, That the Legislature of
the said State, by a solemn public act, shall declare
the assent of the said State to the said fundamental
condition, and shall transmit to the President of the
United States, on or beforo the fourth Monday in
November next, an authentic copy of tho said act;
upon the receipt whereof the President by procla-
mation shall announce the fact; whereupon, and
without any further proceeding on tho part of Con-
gress, the admission of the said State into tbis Union
shall be considered as complete."
Mr. President, all that I contend for is that
the States of this Union shall come in upon an
equal footing one with another; but I say that
if the State of Georgia or any other State ex-
cludes a large portion of its citizens from the
right of suffrage, or denies the heaven-born
and heaven-guarantied right of education to
the poor, then she does not como in upon an
equal footing with the State of Illinois ; or if
she should deny the right to read the Bible to
any class of her people she would not come in
upon equal terms with the State of Illinois.
Mr. President, gentlemen say that these con-
ditions are worth nothing ; that they are void
and inoperative. Why ? Because Mississippi
has a voice above Congress? Because Missis-
sippi is the supreme authority of the land ?
No, sir. The Constitution of the United States
and the laws made in pursuance thereof are
the supreme law of this land. That doctrine
is the only salvation of the land. On the
opposite theory we are but a wreck; as Mr.
Webster says in what I have quoted, we are
but a rope of sand; we are left to drift upon
the seas of human uncertainty, and no mari-
ner's compass can point us in the right direc-
tion unless somewhere in this Government
there is supreme power and supreme authority.
My honorable friend, the Senator from Nevada.
[Mr. Stewaet,] said he believed in imposing
conditions upon Nebraska; that if it did no
good it would do no harm. Why? Because
the State comes in upon this condition; it
agrees to it; it signs, seals, and delivers it,
and then she is in the Union upon the condi-
tion that she shall never deprive a citizen of
the right to vote or hold office, or the right to
free schools.
Sir, the word of a great nation should be
kept; the word of a great State should be kept.
The word of a great State will be kept. When
it is properly presented to the people of any
State that they have agreed to certain condi-
tions, signed certain stipulations, there is no
State of our Union that will go back npon its
honor and upon its word. There is enough of
liberty, eftough of intelligence and virtue, and
regard to truth and to contracts, in the peo-
ple of the various States to stand by their
pledged word. As an evidence of this I may
refer to those States of the Union where the
Democratic party have had the power to curry
out their propositions of repudiation. Tho
people in every State have with manly inde-
pendence and virtue said that every dollar of
our debt shall be paid, so that repudiation
itself is no longer a stain upon our national
character or upon the character of any State.
Mr. President, am I to be told that a funda-
mental condition in favor of human rights is
unconstitutional? Look at the monstrous prop-
osition that a fundamental condition in favor
of human rights and human liberty is uncon-
stitutional I llaviug been a lawyer myself and
accustomed to quote precedents, I know you
can find as many precedents on one side as on
the other. I will uudertake to say now that
you may hand ine Vattel in favor of a certain
proposition of international law, and read it to
me, and I will find on some other page a con-
tradictory proposition. When I was practicing
law the judge of the court used to say to me,
"Well, I have examined this case ; I have
studied it; and I think the weight of prece-
dents is on the other side/' I knew he had not
read anything of the case at all; but it was
sufficient for him to state that the weight of
precedents was on the other side. The lawyers
had read precedents for and precedents against,
and the judge had taken a nice supper and a
comfortable sleep and got up in the morning,
and said that he thought the weight of prece-
dents was on the other side ; and that is the
history of our jurisprudence in this country.
But, sir, what I object to is that these decis-
ions have hitherto up to a certain period been
in the interest of human slavery. What was it
but these precedents that filled Kansas with
blood ? It was the notion that under the Con-
stitution of the United States every owner of
slaves had just as much right to take his slaves
into Nebraska as he had to take property of
any other kind, notwithstanding the Missouri
compromise. But, sir, I thank God for the
Missouri compromise. Mr. Clay may well have
said that when the Missouri compromise passed
the bells were rung and the cannons were fired
and every demonstration of joy was made
throughout the Republic on account of its
passage ; and Mr. Douglas, in his brighter and
better days, may well have said that it was a
sacred thing, akin to the Constitution of the
United States, receiving the approbation of
every section of the country, and that no ruth-
less hand should ever disturb it. But, sir,
whether it was constitutional or not, it saved
the territory north of 30° SO', of which Kansas
was a part, to freedom, as the Ordinance of
1787 had dedicated to freedom those five grand
States in the Northwest, where there is now
unbounded prosperity; where the people are
happy, proud, and independent; where agricul-
ture is having her millennium; where, as in my
State, railroads permeate almost every county.
That ordinance saved my noble State from the
everlasting curse of human bondage. There
she stands, and there all the northwestern
States stand, secured to freedom forever. That
is the effect of conditions, whether constitu-
tional or not, because the people of the nation
will keep their word.
You well remember, sir, that petitions came
from the Territory of Indiana for the repeal
of the Ordinance of 1787, or for the suspension
of its provisions so as to allow slaves to go
there, not in perpetuity, but under a lease for
ninety years, and that Mr. Randolph, of Vir-
ginia, rose in his seat in the House of Repre-
sentatives and said, "No, sir! Virginia gave
this Territory to the United States and to the
Northwest. She declared that it should be
forever free, and there shall be no form of
human slavery within its limits." You well
