1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4159
change the Boundaries, which is a mistake. I
ask that, by unanimous consent, the Secretary
be directed to change the phraseology of the
bill iu engrossing it, by striking out " Secretary
of the Interior" and inserting " President of
the United States."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nebraska asks unanimous consent to have
the change made which he indicates, striking
out " Secretary of the Interior" and inserting
"President of the United States" in the bill
passed to-day relative to the change of bound-
aries of land districts. If there be no objection
the change will be ordered to be made in the
body of the bill and in the title. The Chair
hears no objection, and it is so ordered.
soldiers' monument at providence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the Indian appro-
priation bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offered a little joint
resolution this morning to which I know there
will be no possible objection, and, with the
assent of the Senator from Maine, I should
like to have it taken up and passed. It was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
It is a joint resolution giving some four con-
demned mortars to a soldiers' monument at
Providence, Rhode Island.
Mr. POMEROY. That resolution was re-
ferred this morning on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is not at the desk ; it is in the Secretary's office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has been referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask that the Committee
on Military Affairs be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not now at
the desk and cannot be acted upon until it is
brought in from the Secretary's ollice.
indian appropriation kill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1169) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions (so called) with various Indian tribes for
the year ending June 30, 1871, and for other
purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment of the Senator
fro in Kansas [Mr. PojiUROr] in relation to the
Osage Indian lands.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, I have
made the motion to add to this appropriation
bill the bill reported by the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to remove the Osage Indians from
the State of Kansas, for two or three reasons.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will give way for one minute, 1 find by looking
at the amendments as recorded by the clerk a
clerical error in one of them, which I should
like to have corrected now, lest I may not re-
member it. In adopting one of the amend-
ments yesterday—I do not know just where it
comes in ; it is one of the new sections begin-
ning:
And be it further enacted, That tho net approved
March 3,1863, entitled "Ail set for the removal of
the Sisseton, AVahpeton, Medawakanton, and Wah-
pakoota. bands," &c.
The modification proposed by the Senator
from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey,] as explained
by him, was intended to apply merely to the
body of the second section of that amendment,
and not to the proviso. As entered up by the
Secretary the proviso was stricken out also. I
.. desire to have the proviso retained.
Mr. RAMSEY. The proviso was stricken
out; but of course, if that was not the under-
standing of the Senator, I will consent to its
being retained.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa desires to have a correction made of what
testates was on unintentional error.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire the proviso to stand
as a part of that amend meat.
Mr. RAMSEY. It was not an error in any
sense. It was a misunderstanding between the
Senator from Iowa and myself; but there was
no error on the part of the clerk or any one
else.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the proviso that the Senator desires
to have stand iu the amendment.
The Cum? Clerk. The amendment, as
adopted, reads as follows :
That said proceeds shall be distributed and paid
equitably to the said Indians, in proportion to their
numbers, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, and in accordance with existing laws.
The words omitted are :
Provided, That this provision shall apply only to
the funds to be hereafter distributed.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the proviso be
added to the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas will now resume the floor on the amend-
ment offered by him in regard to the Osage
Indian lands.
Mr. POMEROY. I said that I moved this
amendment because it was recommended in
the first place by the Interior Department. I
hold in my hand House Executive Document
No. 179, a communication addressed to the
Speaker of the House of Representatives, in
which the Commissioner of Indian Affairs says
that he had received a—
"Letter from the Secretary of "War, dated the 3d
ultimo, addressed to tho Department, stating that a
company of infantry, under a discreet otlieer, has
been sent to the Osago Indian reservation to pre-
sei vc tho pcaeo between the settlers and tho Indians
thereupon, with directions to encamp near the agency
and coopcrato with the agent ill eiiaige of said reser-
vation."
He further says:
" I would respectfully suggest that these papers
be laid before both Houses of Congress lor their
intoi mation, in outer that they may have a full
undc.standing of the condition ot'atf.iiis in connec-
tion with those Indians, upon which to base any
legislation that may be had in regard to thein."
And he closes this communication, which is
somewhat lengthy, by adding:
" By the provisions of the treaty of May 27,186S,
which has been recently withdrawn from theSenate,
this diminished re.-erve was to be disposed of and
the Indians lemovcd to anew home in the Indian
territory. The reports of the superintendent show
that the Indians are desirous of removing to the
Indian territory, and in view of their impoverished
condition, and as affording a mode of speedy settle-
ment oi the difficulties arising troin the encroach-
ment of the whites, 1 would respectfully suggest
that it lie recommended to Congress that a.n appro-
priation be immediately made of a sufficient amount
to enable this Department .to remove and settle
these Indians in their new homes in the Indian coun-
try, that being the only place they can now go to."
The Secretary of the Interior, in sending this
communication to Congress, indorses it in the
following words:
"Concurring with the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs in the views contained in his report of the 3d
instant, a copy of which is also inclosed, I respect-
iully rcconunend that an appropriation of 850,000
be made ' to enable this Department to.removo and
settle these Indians in their new homes iu the Indian
country/ until further provision can be made for
them out of the proceeds of tho sales of the Osage
Indian lands."
The first question that arises upon this
amendment, as to putting it on an appropria-
tion bill, I believe has been passed. I under-
stand the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations has not made the objection that
it is legislative matter, and there fine not appio-
priate to the appropriation bill. If it be con-
ceded that it is germane and proper as an
amendment to this bill, then I submit that the
measure, in the first place, is recommended by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs and by the
Secretary of the Interior; and secondly, that
a necessity is laid upon us for immediate action.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator interrupted
me yesterday to offer a mere item, he said ;
but it took all the afternoon.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe, according to the
usage of the Senate, I have precedence of the
Senator in offering amendments.
Mr. POMEROY. If I did not move a meas-
ure that was proposed by the committee,' and
recommended by the committee, and at the
request of the chairman of the committee; I
would give way; but I am acting simply in this
matter as the organ of the committee for the
time being.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not recognize the honor-
able Senator as the organ of the Committee on
Indian Affairs at all.
Mr. POMEROY. At the request simply of
the chairman, for the time being.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think the honorable
Senator's proposition was ever laid before'that
committee. If it was, it was when I was not
present.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill itself says that
it was reported by the Committee 011 Indian
Affairs, and the chairman of the Committee oil
Indian Affairs assures me that they agreed to it.
Mr. DAVIS. If the chairman of the com-
mittee indorses it, of course I acquiesce.
Mr. POMEROY. If I am wrong in that
regard, the chairman will set me right..
Mr. DAVIS, lint I object to the honorable
Senator coming in here and offering, under the
sanction of that committee, a long proposition,
which is as long as a reasonable bill ought to
be, that I have never seen.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 understand from the
chairman of the committee, wht> stands near
me, that the committee have recommended it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Kentucky that 011 tho
rejection of the proposition moved by him from
the Committee on Indian Affairs last even-
ing, the Senate resumed the consideration of
this amendment, and it cannot be displaced,
although the Committee on Indian Affairs have
priority in offering amendments. No amend-
ment was offered at that time from the com-
mittee, and the Senate resumed the considera-
tion of this amendment; and it is therefore
properly before the Senate, under the rule.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 suppose I am acting in
harmony with the committee. If, however,
the committee wish that the amendment which
the Senator from Kentucky desires to offer
should be proceeded with first, I will notobject.
Mr. HARLAN. What is the amendment?
Mr. DAVIS. Ati amendment for the benefit
of the North Carolina Cherokee Indians, that
authorizes them to bring suit against a former
agent.
Mr. HARLAN. That will not occupy any
time, I think.
Mr. POMEROY. I only wish to carry out
the views of the committee ; and if the com-
mittee prefer that that amendment should be
considered first, I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. DAVIS. It will not occupy as much
time probably as the o'ne I offered yesterday.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator assured me
yesterday that the amendment lie then offered
would not occupy any time.
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot tell beforehand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. IIowauo
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Kansas
withdraw his amendment?
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be laid aside tem-
porarily for the moment, in order to allow the
Senatorfrom Kentucky to offer his amendment.
( Mr. DAVIS. I ask the clerk to read the
! amendment that 1 propose for the benefit of the
North Carolina band of Cherokee Indians,
There are two or three errors in the printed
copy, and I send a corrected copy to the clerk. ■
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky, from the Committee on Indian
;! Affairs, offers an amendment to the bill, which
| will be lead.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
I' was to insert a-sadditional sections, the lollow-
'! ing:
i sec. —. Anil be it further enacted, That the caste™
! band oftheCherokoefndian?. by. that name and stjlo,
i be and t.lioy are hereby, authored and empo.veieu;
