1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2271
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it in order to lay the
whole of them aside at once?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
advised by former Presiding Officers of the Sen-
ate that a motion to postpone each bill on the
Calendar separately has never been entertained
in the whole parliamentary history of the Sen-
ate, and the Chair is only following the prece-
dents. The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have the yeas
and nays on this, because I think we may as
well know whether this matter is to be taken
out of the hands of the Judiciary Committee or
not.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for information: do I
understand the Chair to hold that under this
new rule a motion to postpone the present and
all prior orders is not debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
decided that it is debatable, and the Chair
recognized the Senator from Maryland, who
proposed to speak upon it, but yielded.
Mr. HOWE. And that, is the motion now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the motion
now.
Mr. HOWE. I did not rise for the purpose
of debating it.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask that the resolu-
tion, if it be a resolution, offered by my col-
league be reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
has it written out. ITe will report it.
The Secretary read as follows:
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
discharged ii'oni the iiirthor consideration of the bill
(it. 11. No. 1536) to admit the State of Texas to rep-
resentation in the Congress of the United States.
Mr. THURMAN. ThatisnotwhatI wanted.
What is the motion that is now pending?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The previous
motion the Secretary has not recorded. It is
the usual motion in the Senate that the present
and all other orders be postponed.
Mr. THURMAN. In order to take up that
resolution ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. In order to take
up the resolution which has been read the
Senator from Illinois asks for a division of the
question. The first question is on the post-
ponement, and afterward the second question
will be on taking up the resolution.
Mr. CONKLING-. I am sorry to detain the
Senate, but Senators do not agree as to the
precise condition of the question. The Chair
announces that the Senator from Illinois de-
mands a division. A division of what question,
if the Chair pleases?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a conjoint
motion made by the Senator from Ohio that
the present and all other orders be postponed
for the purpose of considering the resolution
in regard to the Texas bill. The Chair under-
stands that this is only a notice of what he
intends to move, what he desires to have called
up. The Senator from Illinois demands a divis-
ion of the motion, and the first question is oil
postponing the present and all other orders.
After that the second branch of the motion
will come before the Senate for consideration.
Mr. CONKLING-. I will state to the Chair
the reason of my inquiry. It was the impres-
sion of some Senators around me that the Chair
held that the first question, to wit, the motion
to postpone all orders, was itself divisible un-
der the new rule ; that a vote could be taken
upon postponing each one of the orders; and
I understood the Chair to announce, as the
Chair does now announce, that the divisibility
of the question consists in dividing it as be-
tween the motion to postpone altogether and
the motion to take up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so
rules; and the Chair will state to the Senate
that during the pendency of these questions of
order ho has consulted those who formerly
occupied the chair as to the rules and usages
of the Senate, and is confirmed in his decisions.
The question is on the first branch of the mo-
tion of the Senator from Ohio.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 42, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS — Messsrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Cra-
gin, Drake, t'cnton, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris,
Howard, Howell, Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill
ot Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pome-
roy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Robertson, Ross,
Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Thayer,
Warper, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—42.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckingham, Casserly,
Davis, Perry, Fowler, Hamilton, Howe, Johnston,
MeCreery, Norton, Rice, S&ulsbury, Stewart, Stock-
ton, Thurman, Trumbull, and Vickers—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carpenter, Cattell, Conkling,
Edmunds, Morrill of Maine, Schurz, Spencer, Tip-
ton, and Yates—9.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
STATE OF TEXAS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the remaining portion of the motion
of the Senator from Ohio, which is that the
Senate_ proceed to the consideration of the
resolution offered by him yesterday, discharg-
ing the Committee on the Judiciary from the
further consideration of the Texas bill.
Mr. NORTON. I think it about as well now
as at any other time to get some idea in respect
to this new rule ; and for the purpose of ob-
taining information I should like to inquire of
the Chair what has been postponed.
Mr. POMBRO Y. There is not anything now
before the Senate that relates to the new rule,
and has not been since the morning hour ex-
pired.
Mr. NORTON. The motion was to post-
pone the present and all prior orders. The
present order is the Ames question. There is
nothing prior to that. That, then, is the actual
question that has been postponed, it being the
unfinished business, standing first on the Cal-
endar. That standing first on the Calendar,
there is nothing prior to it. Now, under the
operation of this new rule, are we not required
to go on with the special orders or the general
orders on the Calendar? The new rule pro-
vides that after the morning business is com-
pleted—
"The Calendar of special orders, if any, for that
day, including the unfinished business of the day pre-
vious, shall betaken up and disposed of; and after
that, or if there shall be no special orders for that time,
the Calendar for general orders shall be taken up."
Now, if that is the proper construction of
the now rule, I submit that all we have done
by this vote is to postpone the unfinished busi-
ness, and these other orders can only be post-
poned by a vote of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Probably the
language of the Chair did not fall npon the
ear of the Senator from Minnesota. The ques-
tion propounded to the Senate, upon which the
yeas and nays were taken, as the Senator will
find in the Globe to-morrow, was that the pres-
ent and all other orders be postponed. That
clears off the question of privilege, the special
orders, and the general Calendar, which is all
that is in order after one o'clock. The Sen-
ator from Ohio now moves to proceed to the
consideration of the resolution offered by him-
self yesterday.
Mr. NORTON. I certainly understood it
to be the usual motion, made frequently since
1 have been a member of this body, to post-
pone the present and all prior orders. I under-
stood that to be the motion that was made.
Mr. SHERMAN. To postpone all orders
prior to the resolution which I offered yester-
'liie VICE PRESIDENT. _ Even if the Chair
had put it in that way, which the Chair will
admit has been the usual way of putting the
question in the Senate, the construction just
placed upon it by the Senator from Ohio would
be the recognized construction of the Senate,
as that has always been its usage, that the
effect of the motion is to clear off everything
except t.ho thing which the Senator who makes
the motion desires to have considered; that
is, all matters prior to thnt. But the Chair
propounded the question to the Senate to post-
pone the present and all other orders. The
Calendar has now all been postponed, and the
Senator from Ohio moves that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolution
offered by himself yesterday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should, like to have
the yeas and nays on that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is not upon agreeing to the resolution; it is
only on proceeding to its consideration. Does
the Senator desire the yeas and nays on that
question, or on agreeing to the resolution ?
Mr. TRUMBULL, Not upon proceeding
to its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on proceeding to the consideration of the res-
olution of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on agreeing to the resolution; on which
question the Senatorfromlllinoisdemandsthe
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does any Sen-
ator desire the resolution to be reported ?
Mr. BUCKINGH AM. I should like to have
the question staled.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the resolution be
reported.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
discharged from the further consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 1536) to admit the State of Texas to rep-
resentation in the Congress of the United States.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole, Cor-
bett, Drake, Fenton, Gilbert, Hamlin. 0arla>n, Har-
ris, Howard, Howell. Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton. Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt,
Ramsey, Revels, Robertson, Ross, Seott, Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Warner, Willey,
Williams, and "Wilson—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckingham, Casserly,
Cragin, Davis, Ferry, Eowler, Hamilton, Johnston.
MeCreery, Norton, Saulsbury, Sehurz, Stockton, and
Vickers—15.
ABSENT—Messrs.Carp enter, Conkling, Edmunds,
Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Patterson, Pool,
Rice, Sawyer, Spencer, Stewart, Thurman, Trum-
bull, and Y«ites—15.
So the resolution was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Texas bill
is now before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. There are one or two Sen-
ators who would like to address the Senate in
executive session 011 matters known to be
pending there. Accordingly, with the view
of giving them that opportunity—one of them
desiring to leave Washington to-night—I move
that the Senate now proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business.
Several Senators. No, no ; let us finish
this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Texas bill
being before the Senate, the Senator from
Massachusetts moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 21, noes 33.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the bill will be
read at length.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas desires the bill to be reported. It is
now before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill, as
follows:
A bill (H. R. No. 1536) to admit the State of Texas to
representation in the Congress of the United fetates.
Whereas the people of Texas have framed
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that this is a printed copy of the bill that
the Secretary is now reading. If there be no
objection it will be regarded the same as the
engrossed bill. The engrossed bill is in the
committee-room. _
Mr. BAYARD. Would a single objection
prevent the consideration of that bill now ?
• The VICE PRESIDENT. It would.
