186 .
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
Coburn, Go ok, Conger: Cowles.Cullom, Davis, Dawes,
Jiaie, ilamilton, Hawkins, Haw
Ti' t ' ^cat°ri, Hill, Hoar, Hoge, Hooper, Inger-
t? 11 oncKes,, Alexander H.Jones, Juckl, Kelley,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Keteham, Knapp, Laflin, Lash,
M 9?an' Loughridge, Maynard, McCarthy,
MeCrary, MeGrew, Mereur, Kliakim H. Moore, Jesse
II. Moore, Darnel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill,
Myers, Negley, 0 NeilL-Orth. Paokard. Packer,
Pame, Palmer, Peters/Phelps, Pomeroy, Pr'osser,
bantord, Sargent, Sawyer, Sehenok, Shanks, IviOnel
A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William
J. Smith, Worthmgton C. Smith, AVilliam Smyth,
btarkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stough-
ton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tanner. Tillman,
lownsend. Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn,
Ward^Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B, Wash-
burn,Welker,Wheeler, Whittemoro,Wilkinson,Wil-
la£r,oh T- Wilson, and Witcher—129.
IS AYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beek,
Biggs, Bird, James Brooks, Burr, Cleveland, Cox,
Crete, Dickinson, Eldridge, Pitch, Getz, Greene,
IIaldeman,Hamill, Hoag. Johnson, Thomas "L. Jones,
Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCormick, McNeely, Mor-
gan, MorrisseyMungen, Niblack, Potter, Beading,
Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Schumaker, Slocum, Joseph
S. Smith, Stiles, Stono, Strader, Swann, Van Trump,
Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester,
Wood, and Woodward—49.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Banks, Barnum, Beatty,
Boles, Bowen, Cake, Calkin, Deweese, Ela, Fox,
Golladay, Griswold, Haight, Hambleton, Ilolman,
Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Julian, Lynch, Mayham, Wil-
liam Moore, Poland, Randall, Roots, Scofiold,
bweeney, Trimble, Van Auken, and Winans—29.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF DELEGATES
Mr. SARGENT. The credentials of ,T-. F.
Ciiaves, elected as Delegate from the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, and of Seeucius Gar-
fielde, elected as Delegate from Washington
Territory, are in the hands of the Clerk, and
I move that those gentlemen be now sworn in.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that alt the gentlemen who have presented
such credentials, and against whom there are
110 objections, present themselves to bo sworn
in together.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 would move that the
gentleman elected as a Delegate from Wyo-
ming Territory, Mr. Nuckolls, be sworn in.
The following gentlemen then qualified by
taking the oaths prescribed by the Constitu-
tion and the act of July 2, 1802:
J. Francisco Chaves, Delegate from New
Mexico; James M. Cavaitattoh, Delegate from
Montana; Stephen F. Nuckoij.k, Delegate
from Wyoming ; Selucius Garfiei.pk, Dele-
gate from Washington.
ninxii census.
Mr. STOKES, from the select Committee
on the Ninth Census, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 424) to provide for taking the ninth cen-
sus of the United States, to fix the number of
members of the House of Representatives, and
to provide for their future apportionment
among the several States ; which was read a
first and second time, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STOKES. I move thatthe bill be made
the special order for Wednesday next after the
morning hour, and from day to day thereafter
until disposed of; and on that motion I de-
mand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof Mr. Stokes's motion was agreed to.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was made a special order;
and also moved that the motion, to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STOKES. I am also instructed by the
committee to ask that their report, which is to
accompany the bill, may be printed.
Jt was so ordered.
representation op virginia.
Mr. FARNSWORTH._ I rise to a privileged
question. I present a joint resolution and ask
that it be read for action at the present time.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 76) declaring-
Virginia entitled-to representation in Congress
was read a first and second time.
The preamble to the joint resolution recites
that the people of Virginia, have adopted a--
constitution republican in form, and have- in
all respects conformed to the requirements of
the act of Congress authorizing the submission -
of the constitutions of Virginia, Mississippi,
and Texas to a vote of the people, and author-
izing the election of State-officers provided'by
the said' constitutions* "and members of Con-
gress, approved April 10, 1869.
The resolution declares that the State of
Virginia is entitled to representation in the
Congress of the United States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that that is not a privileged-
question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois report the joint resolution from the
Committee on Reconstruction ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not; I offer it
myself.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order made by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin.] The resolution is
not privileged. If it came from the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction, which is authorized to
report at any time, it would be privileged;
offered by an individual member it is not privi-
leged.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that the resolution
bo referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion ; and on that motion I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have always sup-
posed that any question involving the right of
a State to representation in Congress is a ques-
tion of the highest privilege.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair
is not open to debate. The question is on
seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion on the motion of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Cuu.om.]
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion of Mr. Cullom was
agreed to, and the joint resolution was referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction.
VIRGINIA AND MISSISSIPPI MEMBERS.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I present the credentials of William
Milnes, jr., claiming a seat as a Representative
from the sixth congressional district of Vir-
ginia; and in order to cover all such cases I
oiler the following resolution, on which 1 de-
mand the previous question :
Itesohed. That all credentials of persons claiming
tlio right to represent tho people of Virginia and
Mississippi in this Houso bo referred, when pre-
sented, to tho Committoo of Elections.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] why he does not
in this resolution include Texas ?
Mr. BURB. I would HI no to ask the gentle-
man from Wisconsin a question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Wisconsin yield to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Burr?]
Mr. PAINE. Yes, sir.
Mr. BURR. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Elections, of which com-
mittee I have the honor to be a member,
whether ho thinks the committee will be able
to get through the labor already devolved upon
them without asking the House to throw upon
us additional work ?
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, we have an un-
usual number of cases before the Committee
of Elections, a larger number I believe than
has ever been before the committee in any for-
mer Congress; and I admit that it will require
almost incessant labor on the part of the mem-
bers ol the committee to do the work devolved
upon them. But for one I am determined to
do all in my power to bring to a conclusion
early in this session tho cases which are before
the committee and which may come before it
for a careful and just consideration. What
the.result will be I of course cannot answer.
Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, it seems to me
that the inevitable effect of sending any case
to the .Committee of Elections is to say in effect
that that case shall not be heard-from again
unless it be;heard- from- to the exclusion Of all
the cases already there, for by the speed we are
now making: we-eannot get through, with those
cases during the present session.
Mr. PAINE; .My colleague will-understand
where there is a formal reference of a case
merely on credentials the Committee of Elec-
tions always considers that as calling for its
meeting and the disposition of such a case sum-
marily. The result will be, I- have no doubt,
that the cases referred from the State of Ala-
bama will be -entertained by the committee to-
morrow morning, and, reported on when the
House meets to-morrow, andimmediately there-
after decided; and so with any case from Vir-
ginia, unless- there- are important/ questions
involved. I regard the reference-as tending
to expedite rather than retard the business of
the House.
Mr. BURR. I ask the chairman of the
committee whether the Georgia-cases were not
of that character—referred formally, as the
chairman says, to be readily disposed of—and
whether they are not still pending before that
committee?
Mr. PAINE. I do not know whether the
House wishes to hear a history of the Georgia
cases, but I cannot stop to give it. I wish to
say, however, that there is something more
than the mere question of formality involved in
the cases from the State of Georgia. My col-
league well knows that there is a graver ques-
tion underlying those eases. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Why does not-the gen-
tleman include the Texas eases ?
Mr. PAINE. I will answer that questiot?
and then demand the previous question. It ia
because matters have not progressed far enough
in Texas to make it important to include the
cases from that State just now.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IION. M. C. KEEK.
Mr. PAINE. I have still another question
of privilege, and offer the following resolution
for reference to the Committee of Elections.
I do so inasmuch as the rules would require
this unless tho unanimous consent of the House
was given, and I am unwilling to ask unani-
mous consent of the House because I have not
consulted with Mr. Kerr, who is referred to in
this resolution, and do not know whether he
would consent.
The Clerk read as follows:
Iteaolvcd, That Hon. Miciiael C. Kerb be au-
thorized to act as a member of the Committee of
Elections in the consideration of the pending con-
tested-election cases from the State of Louisiana.
The resolution was referred.
contested-election case.
Mr. PAINE. I submit the following reso-
lution, and demand the previous question:
Resolved, That the trial of a contested-election
ease is a judicial proceeding, and ought, like other
judicial proceedings, be exempt from personal and
partisan considerations and influences.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is that a new doc-
trine or an old one?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. COX. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion.
Mr. CULLOM. I rise to a point of order.
The point I take is that the question is not a
privileged one, and cannot be entertained with-
II out unanimous consent.
