2272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 20,
Mr. BAYARD. Then I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware insists on the bill itself being re-
ported, and he has that right.
Mr. SHERMAN. My honorable friend from
Delaware probably does not understand it.
The only question is whether the Secretary
shall read from the printed copy or the paper
down in the committee-room.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 understand that in this
case the Senate have passed a resolution with-
drawing this bill for the admission of Texas
from the consideration of the committee to
whom it was properly referred, an<J that has
been done against the discretion pf the com-
mittee as to their own proper time in examin-
ing and reporting upon that measure. I un-
derstand this vote has brought the bill back
before the body. I cannot but conceive, al-
though I have very little experience in such
matters, that this act has been accomplished
by a gross disregard of all the traditions of the
body in respect to its method of conducting
business ; and if, therefore, a single objection
will prevent the consideration of the bill at
the present time and throw it over until to-
morrow. I wish to make it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will not throw
the bill over until to-morrow. The committees
of the Senate are subject to its instruction.
All parliamentary bodies have the power of
control over their committees, if they see (it
to exercise it. Whether rightly or wrongly,
t.ho Senate has exercised that authority in this
case. The engrossed bill has just been received
and is now before the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. Then if it is before the
Senate and reported to-day, will not a single
objection prevent ils consideration ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That point tho
Clmir supposed the Senator from Illinois was
about to raise, but he will decide it now, it'
the Senator from Delaware makes it, as it is
an important point. The Chair thinks that a
single objection would not, and lie will state
the reason. He will read t.ho rule to which
the Senator refers. It is tho close of the
twenty-sixth rule :
"And all other resolutions shall Ho on tho tablo
one day for consideration, and also reports of com-
mittees." ,
The language is imperative that reports of
committees must lie over one day, except by
unanimous consent the rule is waived. The
question recurs what is a report of a commit-
tee? The rules mast be construed together.
In the twenty -fourth rule it is provided that
the Presiding Officer shall during the morning
hour call first for petitions and memorials ;
second, for reports of committees. That is
specific—the right of committees to report dur-
ing the morning hour upon matters which hare
been referred to them, and also during the day
by unanimous consent, if that can bo obtained.
That is the report of a committee. When a
bill is presented from a committee at another
time by order of the Senate it is not the report
of a committee, because the discharging of tho
committee is the same as if it had not had the
bill before it at all. If the Chair were in doubt
in regard to that the language of the Manual,
at page 190, would settle the question as to
what is the report of a committee :
"Sec.XXVII. Reportoi' Committee.—Thochair-
man of the committee, standing in his place, informs
the House that the committee, to whom was referred
such a hill, have, according to order, had tho same
under consideration, and have directed him to report
the same without any amendment, or with sundry
amendments, (as tho ease may bo,) which heisroady
to do when tho House pleases to receive it."
Thus is decided, both by the twenty-fourth
rule and by the Manual, what is the report of
a committee. This, differing in its character,
is not the report of a committee, and there-
fore it is not required to lie over one day. This
bill is by the order of the Senate nov^before
it for consideration. The Chair desired to
apprise the Senate of the fact that they had a
right to have the engrossed bill from the House
read, as that is the matter.upon which they
must act, and not a printed bill, which is only
a matter of convenience.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the Senator
from Delaware did not reallydesire to have
the particular paper read, which, is the only
point now before the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. No, 5 not the particular
paper, but i y objection was one of substance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly; the
Chair so understood. The Secretary will now
report the bill.
The Secretary read thejaill.
•The ])ill,was reported to'the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather that the
Senators who have looked into the bill should
ofFertlie proper amendment. The only criticism
that has been made upon it is in regard to the
proviso at the end of the bill. I see no use in
that proviso, and I thoreforo move to strike it
out.
Mr. HQWE. Let the ameqcjiwt b® re-
ported,
' The VICE PRESIDENT., Tho Secretary
will report the prpviso which th<? Senator from
Ohio prpppses to strike out-
The Secretary read it, as follows:
P,'<.n>idcd further, That this act Bhall not aii'oot ia
any manner the conditipns and guarantees upon
which the Stato ofTo^uswas annexed and admitted
as a State.
Mr. SHERMAN. This proviso, as I under-
stand, will not effect any purpose whatever,
while its being in the bill may perhaps have
the effect stated by the Senator from Illinois
yesterday, I see no object in retaining the
proviso and no good that will bo accomplished
by it. 1 therefore move to strike it out.
The amendment was agreed tq.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time ; the bill
was read the third time.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for tho yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill,
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 47, nays II; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Borctuan, Brownlow,
Buckingham. Cameron, Cattell.Chandlor, Colo. Cor-
bcU, Ura^in, Drake, fenton, li'erry, Uilbert, Hamlin,
Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howell, Lewis, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vormont, Morton, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson. Poincroy, Pratt, ltamsey, Revels,
Itice, llobortson. Ross, Sawyer, Sehura, Scott, Sher-
man, fcSprasjue, Wr.ewart, Sunnier, Tbaycr, Tipton,
Wnrncr.Willcy. Williams, ami Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Onascrly, Davis, Hamil-
ton, Johnston, Me Or ceo, .Norton, Baulsbury,,Stock*
Ion, Xlmrman, and Victors— 1}.
ABSI3NT—Messrs. Anthony, Carpenter. Copkliug,
Edmunds, Fowler, Howe, ICeliogs, Pool. Spencer,
Trumbull, and Yates—11.
So the bill was passed.
EXECUTIVE 8BSSION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate
resumes the consideration of the question of
privilege, upon which the Senator from Mary-
laud [Mr. Viokbhs] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SUMNElt. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maryland yield to that motion?
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to; and after two
hours spent iu executive session, the doors
were reopened.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNKD.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Strom, one of its clerks, an-
nounced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the following enrolled bills; which were
thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 221) for the relief of the
sureties of Israel T. Cauby, late receiver of
public moneys at Crawfordsville, Indiana ; and
A bill (S. No. 4GG) for the relief of the
owners of the brig Ocean Belle.
SAMJ 01' LOTS IN SKA ISLANDS.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Senate bill No.
252, to provide for the sale of pertain lots and
lands of the sea islands of Beaufort county,
South Caroliua, and for other purposes.
Mr. THURMAN. I prefer' ^ ^ bm
should lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not object to its lying
over until to-morrow or any other fixed time
within a few days; but I am very anxious that
it should be acted upon, and either passed or
defeated. I want it considered. I believe the
bill is not liable to objection, as I think the
Senator from Ohio will find when he comes to
look at it.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know that I
have any objection to it; but I believe those
sales for taxes were extremely irregular and
gave no valid title, and in many cases it was
nothing but confiscation under the name of a
sale for taxes. Whether this is a case of that
kind or not I do not kpow; but before we
undertake to sell the land aqd make good the
title to it I should like to know something
more about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio objects to the present considcratibn
of the bill, and it is not' now before the Senate.
DISTRICT JUDGE IN TEXAS.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up House bill
No. 1598, allowing tho resignation of a judge
in Texas, reported by me this morning from
tho Committee on tho Judiciary. It is a mat-
ter of great importance that it should be con-
sidered and passed at onee.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider tho bill (H. R. No. 1598) to facilitate the
administration of justice in llie State of Texas.
The preamble recites that the present incum-
bent of the office of district judge for the eastern
distriet of the State qf Texas is incapacitated
by sickness and paralysis from performing the
duties of bis office, and has remained so inca-
pacitated for a long period, which incapacity
is believed to be permanent, by reason of
which the Government and citizens of the Uni-
ted States have been unable to have their busi-
ness transacted in that court, and have suffered
great loss and inconvenience therefrom. The
bill therefore provides that the resignation of
tho district judge for tho eastern district of the
State of Texas, being tendered and accepted
by the Presidentof the United States, the salary
now received by him shall be continued to him
during his natural life, payable in the same
manner and form as if lie actually performed
the duties of his office.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
OSAGK INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
Mr, POMEROY. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of a bill which has
been up during two morning hours, but at the
expiration of the morning hour we were un-
able to get a vote. It is Senate bill No. 529,
reported from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs. It relates to the sale of an Indian res-
ervation iu my Stato which is occupied to a
considerable extent by settlers. Great diffi-
culties have grown out of it; and if this bill
could pass I think it would settle them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas asks unanimous consent to take up the
bill (S. No, 529) to provide for the sale of the
Great and Little Osage Indian reservations in
the State of Kansas, and for the settlement of
said Indians in the Indian territory. Is there
objection?
Mr. CASSERLY, I ask the Senator from
Kansas tQ explain the nature of that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California reserves his right to object.
Mr, POMEROY. It is a bill reported from
the Committee on Indian Affairs providing for
the sa!o of a reservation in the State of Kan-
sas. A treaty was made some time ago, but
lias been withdrawn with a view of acting upon
