4160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
to institute and carry on a suit or suits m law or
equity in the district or circuit courts of the United
States against the present or former Indian agent or
agents of said band, their administrators, executors,
and heirs, and against the securities of such agent or
agents, their administrators, exeeutors, curators or
trustees for all claims, causes of suit or rights m law
or equity that-^aid band may have against them or
either of them; and the law pf limitation shall apply
to such claims, causes of action, and rights from and
after the day this act takes effect. It shall be the
duty of the district attorneys and the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States to institute and prosecute
all suits, cause for which may arise under this sec-
tion.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall appoint a special agent to
take the census of the eastern band of Cherokee In-
dians, in conformity with the provisions of the fourth
section of an act making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the yeax ending June 30,
IS49, and for other purposes, approved July, 18-19,
and that said Secretary, on the completion of such
census, proceed to carry the flftli and sixth sections
of said act into effect as to all members of said band
who may desire to remove and join their tribe west
of the Mississippi river.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tlie ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. I prefer that the amendment
should be passed without my Saying a word.
If any gentleman desires an explanation of it
I will say a few words in explanation.
Mr. POMEROY. Oh, no; we do not want
any explanation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. Now, sir, I give way with
great pleasure, and thank my honorable friend
from Kansas for his courtesy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment in regard to the Osage Indian lands is
now before the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I only desire to say-—
Mr. EDMUNDS. Begin at the beginning
again.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ver-
mont desires that I should commence at the
beginning; but I think I have been sufficiently
tedious, and so I will only say in presenting
this amendment that I am carrying out, first,
the views of the Department, and second, the
views of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
with the exception, I may say, of the Senator
from Kentucky. I will only add that this is a
measure of great necessity, because it is a
measure of peace in the State which I have the
honor in part to represent. I read an extract
from a letter of the Secretary of War, in which
he says he has a military organization there to
keep the peace, not to drive any settlers off
these lands or to put any on, but simply to
keep the peace. In view of that condition of
affairs, to save the country the expense of that
military organization, that the lands may be
opened for settlement, that the views of the
Department may be carried out, and that the
views of those who have studied this question
for years may be carried out, I present and
urge this amendment.
I will state in a single word what it is. The
Government agrees to take this Indian res-
ervation from the Indians at the price the In-
dians agreed to sell it for in the treaty. They
then open it to settlement, and allow the set-
tlers who are on it to have their farms at $1 25
pet acre, including both the trust lands and
the diminished reserve; and so soon as the
Government is reimbursed for the $1,600,000
which it assumes to pay, then the land is to be
administered upon like other public land, and
becomepublic land. There are settlers enough
en the land to-day, including the trust lands,
to make up this $1,600,000. They only want
the lands surveyed and brought, into market,
and within six months they will be required to
pay; that is, it is estimated they will be required
to pay within a year. It will take six months
to survey the land, and then the settlers will
have six months to pay for it. The Govern-
ment wiii (hen be ieimbursed for every dollar
oi its expenditure, and the laud will then be
thrown open to settlement, and administered
upon like other public land of the U nued Suites.
I think that is a system which will recom-
mend itself to the j udgme-it and candor of every
Senator. The Treasury is to be kept whole ;
the Indian title is to be extinguished; the set-
tlers coming in from every State are to have
their lands at $1 25 an acre; the prosperity of
the State is to be secured.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the honorable Sen-
ator one question, with his permission.
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator is giving a very
favorable and flattering account of this meas-
ure. I ask him whether there is any stealage
in this amendment of his ?
Mr. POMEROY. If there is any the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs should have found it
out. I do not know of any. The measure has
been through that committee. It has been com-
mitted and recommitted and examined, and if
the Committee on Indian Affairs and my friend
from Kentucky 
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator does
not know of any stealage in the proposition I
freely admit that there must be none in it.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know of any.
If the Senator from Kentucky knows of any
it is his duty to bring it forward and show it
to the Senate. What there is in it is peace,
which we desire on the frontier more than any-
thing else. There is prosperity in it. It set-
tles a disturbing question. It opens one eighth
of our whole State to settlement. It removes
the Indians to a territory where land has been
procured for them; where they, as the Com-
missioner says, are desirous of going; where
they have prayed and petitioned to go; where
they have sold their lands with a view of going;
where they only await the action of Congress
in order to go.
This measure, therefore, commends itself
to the candor and judgment of every Senator.
I have urged it upon this appropriation bill in
order to secure its passage, in order to make
it certain that before Congress adjourns this
great measure of peace and relief will become
a law. £ only repeat (because I know if I
occupy time we shall not get a vote upon it)
that it is strongly recommended by the De-
partment. It has been adopted by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. It is of great con-
sequence to our State; and I think there is in
it the salvation of the Indians. Let those
Indians leave their reservation once more and
go on the plains to hunt buffalo, and who can
predict whether they will ever return, or if
they do return, whom will they find in posses-
sion of their reservation? Sir, this is a meas-
ure of mercy to the Indians. It will keep them
together. It will husband their resources and
put them Upon land and homes congenial and
satisfactory to them. I desire to have a vote
of the Senate upon the amendment, and I hope
it will prevail.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should be
glad to be spared any farther remarks in regard
to the Osage reservation and this bill; but
if this measure is to be urged here f must
appeal to the Senate not to allow it to go upon
this bill. First, it does not belong to the bill.
It is legislation of a general character, so gen-
eral that it ought not to be placed on this bill.
I am not going to make a speech; but I wish
to answer my honorable friend directly on the
ground on which he places the amendment.
He says it is a measure of peace, to secure
peace in Kansas ; that it will secure prosperity
iti Kansas ; that it will settle the claims of the
settlers and squatters. I think that may be so;
but what will it do for the Indians? My hon-
orable friend forgot to speak of that.
Mr. POMEliOl. No, sir; I spoke of that
in the close of my remarks.
Mr. MQIUULL, of Maine. It will consism
them to the Indian territory. That is what"it
does. My honorable friend seems to talk about
them just as though it was only a question
whether we will pay thine Indians SI.(500.000
for these lands and then send them to their
homes.
Mr. POMEROY. I quoted the language of
the Commissioner.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir, and
quoted it approvingly. The Senator quoted it
in a way to give the impression to the Senate
that they had got smiling, rosy homes all pre-
pared and waiting for them to go to in the
Indian territory. The Senator knows enough
about Indian affairs to know thoroughly that
there is no home provided for*them in the
Indian territory specifically; that the Indian
territory has become the general receptacle of
all the tribes that we have been able to gather
together from the plains. What particular
place there is there for these particular Indians
remains altogether to be ascertained, a thing
in the future. I think it not improbable that
a place may be found there for them ; but when
you talk about their going to their homes it is
talking altogether inaccurately; it is inspiring
hopes here which are not to be realized any-
where. They may have homes there ; but that
depends upon the future. There are no homes
provided for them in the Indian countrv.
Mr. POMEROY. May I ask the Senator
from Maine what constitutes a home for an
Indian who lives in a blanket paid has not got
any house?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Sure enough.
Why does not the honorable Seuator ask me
what constitutes a home for the birds of t'ao
air? That would answer, I suppose, his in-
quiry. I suppose if I were to say " The foxes
have holes, the fowls of the air nests, and the
Indians blankets," that would be sufficient to
meet all the requirements which the honorable
Senator thinks necessary to enforce when we
are now about to take a reservation of eight
million acres from these Indians. I dare say
that meets the expectations of the honorable
Senator. At any rate,from the inquiry he makes,
onewould think that all that would be required
would be to furnish the Indiana blanket—not a
spare one, but to furnish him a blanket and
send him adrift into the Indian territory, and
then you have done yourduty to him I So that
prosperity comes to Kansas, so that title comes
to the squatters, no matter what becomes of the
Indian ! I will tell you what becomes of him.
He goes a vagrant under this policy into that
Indian territory, and he comes back here in-
evitably lu the course of months, annually hi
the course of years, upon your Treasury, under
circumstances that you cannot resist. That is
what becomes of him.
Now, Mr. President, I am not disposed to
yield to this sort of public necessity, got up by
the people of Kansas. I do not propose to
yield to any necessity which is gotten up in
Kansas or anywhere else to dispossess the
Indians of their rights. I want to read for the
benefit of my honorable friend who is instructed
on this question, and whose colleague is in-
structed on this question, so that they may not
feel at liberty to act quite as disinterestedly
and calmly as the rest of us, someproceedings
as to another reservation in Kansas,where the
puhlic peace is being disturbed, and where you
are to be called upon at once, and are now
called upon, and that Senator and his col-
league both are instructed and are menaced by
the people of Kansas that if they do not restore
public peace out there they will be dealt with
when they go home ! That is the spirit, that
is the kind of public temper in Kansas, which
we are called upon hereto placate. Let me
read a little from the current literature : let us
look into the current events in Kansas. Here
is the tribe of Kaws, situated in Kansas, vn'h
a reservation which belongs to them, a reserva
tion which we have guarantied to them : and
now what is going on there? Mobs propose
to take possession of it.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to reply to
j all that; but we are upon the Osage question
| now. It the Senator desires to bring' itt ill"
j Kaws, then I have the Black Bob and all 111>■
I rest to put on.
i ilr. MORRILL, of Maine. You reay bring
