1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5105
same to the company which is authorized to receive
the same. , _ ± ^
Sec.—. And be it furthet enacted, That upon the
arrival of the aforesaid goods at^the port 01 final
destination, the importer or consignee 01 the said
goods shall be, and hereby is, authorized to make
entry of the same in the manner now prescribed by
law, and to have every legal right or privilege which
he would or might have enjoyed in the port wuere
the goods were first landed in the United States.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That the col-
lector of the port of final destination in the United
States upon delivery to him ot such package or pack-
ages by tlic said transportation company or com-
pa.nies, shall remensure and weigh the_ same, and if
satisfied of its or their identity shall issue a certifi-
cate of receipt for the same, and upon the production
of said receipt to the collector of the port of original
importation the aforesaid bonds shall be canceled.
gRC_ —# j\ U(l bc it j art her enacted. That at each of
such ports ot final destination for which an appraiser
of imported merchandise is not now provided for by
law there shall be appointed an appraiser of im-
ported merchandise at a salary of $2,000 per annum ;
and also such number of weighers, gaugors, meas-
urers, and inspect ors as may bo necessary to execute
the provisions of this act, who shall receive the ordin-
ary legal compensation of such officers.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and in-
structed to make and issue such rules and regulations
as may bo necessary to give force and elleet to the
provisions of this act.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That all acts and
parts of acts repugnant to the provisions of this act
be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is obvious that this
amendment will lead to discussion and con-
sideration. I think it fatal to the successful
collection of the revenue. It is impossible to
properly_ discuss it to-night. I therefore move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that motion is put
I desire to appeal to the gentlemen who offer
this amendment to withdraw it, although I am
very much in favor of it myseif. I think the
opposition to it is unreasonable; but I hope
they will not press it on this bill. If they will
not withdraw it I shall not oppose the motion
to adjourn; but it the Senate is to adjourn I
shall ask that this bill ^o over as the unfinished
business until nest Tuesday. To-morrow is
granted by unanimous consent to the natural-
ization bill.
Mr. STEWART. Say Monday.
Mr. SHERMAN. Monday is the 4th of
July.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be made the un-
finished business for Monday, and then if we
sit it will be the unfinished business on that
day, or onTuesday, if we do not sit on Monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of coarse the amend-
ment is not withdrawn. I cannot conceive
why this opposition should be made to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It will take a
week to discuss this amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know why it
should.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There can
be no debate on-a motion to adjourn.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 know that; but I rise
to appeal to the Senator from Vermont to with-
draw it for a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will if the Senator will
renew it bpfore he takes his seat.
Mr. THURMAN. I will renew it. What
I propose is this: I cannot consent that this
amendment offered by the Senator from Mis-
souri shall be withdrawn. If he withdraws it
I shall offer it again.
Mr. SCHURZ. I shall not withdraw it.
Mr. THURMAN. lie says he will not.
Then I think it is very clear that we cannot
get through with the bill to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not have a vote
on the amendment now? Everybody under-
stands it.
Mr. STEWART. I hope we shall not adjourn
"°The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio is entitled to the fiooi.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope I shall be allowed
4 1st Cong. 2d Sess.—Ko. 3^0.
to finish. If we can vote on the amendment
now, of course I shall be content to sit the bill
out; but if we cannot vote on it now, then I
make this suggestion : that instead of to-ttior-
row being devoted to the naturalization bill,
we go on with this bill to-morrow and let the
naturalization bill come up On Monday.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If we adjoufn now tliis
will be the unfinished business.
Mr. TIIURMAN. But the other bill having
been taken up by unanimous consent, takes
precedence of the unfinished business.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague will see that
we ought not in fairness to make an agreement
of fliat kind in the absence of the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Conkling.] If hewerepresent
I should be willing to agree to it.
Mr. THURMAN. But the Senator from
New York has devolved the charge of the
naturalization bill on the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Edmunds.]
Mr. SHERMAN. Without his consent I
would not think it fair.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think it fair,
when Senators unanimously agree to any propo-
sition and other Senators leave on the faith of
that agreement,, to change it in their absence.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not necessary to dis-
cuss it. I object to it.
ThePRESlDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio in front of the Chair [Mr. Sher-
man] asks that by unanimous consent this bill
be considered the unfinished business for Mon-
day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw that proposi-
tion. Let ns sit the bill out to-night.
Mr. SCHURZ. I do not see why we should
not finish this bill this evening.
Mr. THURMAN. I promised the Senator
from Vermont to move an adjournment, and I
make that motion.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to say that I
have a number of amendments to offer to this
bill, and the bill cannot go through or be voted
upon without a discussion of some amend-
ments which I have to offer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 15, noes 24.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to enter a motion—
I do not ask to have it considered now—-for a
session to-morrow evening to consider the
Oriental Steam Navigation Company bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
Mr. THAYER. I simply enter the motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the motion cannot
be onterted except by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Sciiurz.]
Mr. HOWE. 1 desire to amend that amend-
ment ; I suppose it is amendable. I move to
strike out the words "one hundred and"
before "fifty thousand." in the first section.
The Chief Cleiik. It is proposed to amend
the amendmeut in section one, line seven, by
striking out the words "one hundred and;"
so that it will read :
That from and after the 1st day of October, 1870,
any goods, wares, or merchandise, except wine, dis-
tilled spirits, explosive and perishable articlos,_ar-
rivmg from lorcign countries at a port of the United
States, which arc shown by the manifest of the im-
porting vessel to be destined for any city containing
moi e than fifty thousand inhabitants, &e.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it would endan-
ger the amendment to strike out " one hun-
dred and fifty thousand" and insert "fifty
thousand." There is opposition, as the Sen-
ator from "Wisconsin must see, to the amend-
ment as introduced, and it only increases it to
strike it down to fifty thousand.
Mr. HOWE. How does it increase it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. In this way : the oppo-
sition is based upon the complications which
it is said will arise out of taking these goods
into the inteiior in any event, and the more
1 places you multiply the more difficult becomes
the enforcement of the law; and you will have
to have officers to weigh and appraise the
goods that are taken to all these places which
have fifty thousand inhabitants ; and it multi-
plies tlie expense, and so on.
But, Mr. President, I am ve'ry much .sur-
prised- at the opposition that is made to this
proposition, and if I could talk louder than all
the rest of the Senate I should try to occupy
its attention during the five minutes which are
allowed in a statement of the object to be ac-
complished by this amendment. I am sur-
prised at the opposition to it. Nearly all our ,
goods that are now imported from Europe
come to the city of New York. They are
brought chiefly in steamers and landed there.
Under the law, as it exists, they must be exam-
ined there. They are carted through the city,
put in warehouses, examined, and the duties
are assessed upon them beforfe they can go
(forward to the place of their destination, when
they are intended for St. Louis, or Philadel-
phia, or Baltimore, or any other city. The
result of this is that very considerable ex-
pense attends these examinations, and very
great delay. If the merchant lives in the city
of New York he can put the goods into ware-
house, and he takes out but a lew, upon which
fie pays the duties. The others lemain itl the
warehouse. They may lie there a year. A3
he 'makes sales he takes them out. He has
the benefit, then, of theinterest upon the money
which he would have to pay if lie paid th©
duties down.
Now, suppose he lives in the city of Chicago.
In the first place, there is all this delay in the
landing of the goods at New York, in carting
them across the city to warehouses, in opening
them and examining them before he can get
his goods sent forward at all; and as we all
know, there have been charges of great fraud
and corruption in the custom house at New
York, and it always has been so. There are
charges of bribery. It is said to he necessary
to bribe the officers before you can get the
goods through at all. Then the merchant in
Chicago cannot leave the goods in New York.
He must have them where, if he makes the
sales, he can furnish the goods. The result is
that he has to pay the doty down in advance
on his whole importation before he cau get his
goods to go forward to Chicago and have them
warehoused there.
Now, what on earth is the objection to the
goods going forward to Chicago, to St. Louis,
and to Philadelphia, for the amendment applies
to Philadelphia as well as any of the other
cities? It is said there will be fraud. How
so ? Goods are shipped right through the
United States every day under the law as it
now exists. Let me read the fifth section of
the act to protect the revenue, and for other
purposes, approved July 28, 180!!:
"That from and after the passage of this act all
goods, wares, or merchandise arriving at the ports of
New York, Boston, and Portland, or any other port
ol the United St,itea which may bo specially desig-
nated by the Secretary of the Treasury, and destined
for places in the ndiacont British pioviuces, or arriv-
ing at the port of Point Isabel, Texas, or any other
port of the United States which may be specially
designated by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
destined for phi cos in ffhe republic ot Mcxi<-o, may
be entered a,t the custom-housc, and conveyed, m
transit, through the territory of the United States
without the payment of duties, under such rules,
regulations, and conditions for the piotection ol tho
revenue as tho Secretary of the .Treasury may pre-
scribe.''
The merchant living at Quebec, or Toronto,
or Montreal, can land his goods at New York
city, and take them right through the territory
of the United States, and yet an American
living at Chicago cannot do it; and that cau be
done, too, without a-ny guards or checks such
as are provided in this amendment. It is done
now every day; and 1 want to know how it. is
that a merchant living in the city of Philadel-
phia cannot, get his goods to Philadelphia with-
out first having them ui.packed, examined,
appraised, weighed, and caried through the city
of New Yoik, while, if he lives m Quebec or
Montreal, lie can have them shipped at once ?
