1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
315
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. ScJiencIc.
Ho. of Reps.
the one side, and a system of protection to the
industry of the country upon the other. And
if there were really any great and marked dif-
ference among the people of the country in
respect to two policies of this kind, then, per-
haps, the most significant debate indeed would
be that which we have already had. But, Mr.
Chairman, I cannot see that the arguments
made have to any great extent approached
much less settled and disposed of the various
questions that are involved; for the simple
reason that I do not understand that there is
any such thing as free trade to talk about.
What is free trade? A myth! A fancy!
If the phrase have any meaning at all it must
convey one of two ideas—perhaps only one.
That one idea would be strictly this: that we
should permit all articles imported into our
country from abroad to come iu without any
charges at all in the shape of impost duties.
That would be really free trade. There may
be, however, by courtesy, allowed to the ex-
pression another signification or definition.
Persons might be held to favor a doctrine of
free trade who should advocate the plan of
admitting articles of every kind and descrip-
tion upon the same footing and with equal
charges, uniform percentage of duty being
imposed upon all alike.
But free trade, as described in either of these
two ways, has no e&istence, never has had,
and never will have in any civilized country.
We recognize by our legislation, and have in
this country from the beginning recognized
the expediency of allowing some things to
come in without any charges at all, while we put
charges upon other articles, and discriminate
in reference to those upon which we do impose
duties, admitting some of them at higher and
some at lower rates than others; and wherever
there is this condition of things to talk about
free trade is to my mind thesheerestnonsense.
It is giving the name of a theory and an ab-
straction to that which is a,bove all others a
purely practical thing.
Perhaps the gentleman upon this floor who
comes nearest the idea of favoring pure free
trade is my colleague from one of the Cincin-
nati districts, [Mr. Stevenson.] I remember
that in the course of his remarks he took oc-
casion to say that he longed or sighed, or per-
haps, both longed and sighed, for the time to
come when no duty should bp. imposed upon
any article imported; but that the Govern-
ment should be carried on and have all its
needs supplied by direct taxation imposed upon
all property and articles of every kind in pro-
portion to their value. Now, if I understand
that, it is going a little beyond the platform of
the Democratic party, and is going entirely
beyond all practice and all experience of this
or any other civilized country in the present
day.
Try this, and what shall we come to ? Some
of us who are in favor of a proper degree of
protection, to be secured by proper discrim-
ination in the rates of duty imposed upon par-
ticular articles, have been denounced as not
friendly to the farmers, the laborers, the great
masses of the people scattered through the
country, and composing the bulk of its popu-
lation. But this theory, if reduced to practice,
according to the longing desire of my colleague,
would bring us to a. condition of things when
every acre of land would be directly taxed for
the support of the General Government, and
every cow, and every horse, and every part of
the whole property of the country would have
to pay the same as articles of luxury, the same
as accumulated capital. Give up a tariff, give
up discrimination, adopt this schemeof equal,
horizontal, direct taxation, dreamed of and
hoped for by my worthy colleague, and milk,
which costs about the same to produce it as
whisky, would be taxed the same as whisky,
and potatoes would be charged the same as
tobacco. Now, sir, I object to all that. I am
for discriminations in our internal taxation,
with reference to which it is not proper that I
should speak now ; and I am equally for dis-
criminations in the charges made in the shape
of duties upon articles brought in from abroad.
Before taking up and considering any other
points in the case, as I shall present it to the
committee in the very plain talk which I pro-
pose to have with them, it occurs to me now
to refer to the doctrine taught here by another
colleague of mine, my friend from the Xema
district, [Mr. Wixans. J He meets at the very
threshold this question, whether it be right
or expedient to discriminate in the rates of
duties imposed, by claiming that as in his opin-
ion he has proved from the Constitution that
a tariff levied for any other purpose than reve-
nue is totally against the provisions of that
instrument, therefore to extend protection by
any discriminating duty to the industries of the
country or interests of the country in any shape
is clearly unconstitutional. In this I think ho,
too, goes a bowshot beyond anything that even
the Democrats of the country, as a party, have
ever maintained. He certainly disagrees with
General Jackson, with Mr. Jefferson, with all
the ancient lights of that party, with theirprac-
tice at the present day, with the policy of the
Government at all times when the Democ-
racy has had control of legislation or adminis-
tration ; and he certainly disagrees with the
fathers who made the Constitution. Although
it is trite, let me ask the attention of the com-
mittee here to a proof of this to be found in
the statute-book early in the history of the
Government. There were twelve States rep-
resented in the Convention that framed the
Constitution. That Convention consisted of
thirty-nine members. George Washington, a
member from Virginia, was elected President
of the Convention. When afterward, the Con-
stitution being established, the First Congress
was elected, fourteen members of that Conven-
tion became members of the First Congress.
The President of the Convention was elected
President of the United States, and another
prominent member of the Convention, Alex-
ander Hamilton, became Secretary of the
Treasury; making sixteen in all, who had
been members of the Convention, who were
called npon to take charge of the financial and
economical interests of the new Government.
The second act we find placed upon the statute-
book by the Congress thus composed, (and the
first act being simply one which provided for
the oath to be taken by officers, this is really,
therefore, to be regarded as the very first law
relating to economical matters,) is entitled
''An act for laying a duty on goods, wares,
and merchandise imported into the United
States." It is to be found in the first volume
of the Laws of the United States, which I hold
here in my hand.
I read the preamble :
"Whereas it is necessary for the support of Gov-
ernment, for the discharge of the debts of the United
States, and the encouragement and protection of man-
ufactures, that duties be laid on goods, wares, and
merchandise imported: Therefore,
"Be it enacted&c.
Thus it is seen that those who constituted the
FirstCongress of the United States, embracing
in their number nearly one half of those who
constituted the Convention that framed the Con-
stitution, when they came to exercise their pow-
ers under that instrument, united at the very
beginning in a declaration that one of the pur-
poses, one of the objects, one of the inducing
motives, for laying a duty upon articles imported
from abroad was that protection and encour-
agement might so be given to our own domes-
tic manufactures.
My colleague [Mr. Wixans] is not_ alone in
the position he has taken, that a tariff which
is so framed and adjusted as to give protection
to the industry of our own country is unconstitu-
tional. That doctrine, I recollect, was set forth
as a leading text in a series of resolutions
presented-a short time ago by my colleague on
the Committee of Ways and Means, the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall.] Being
called away from the House by illness I was
not able to be present the other day when he
maintained the theory of his resolutions in an
elaborate argument.
I believe both my colleague [Mr. Winans]
and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Mar-
shall] have worn the judicial ermine, and
therefore ought to be, and doubtless arc wise in
the interpretation of constitutional and statute
law. But they must forgive me if I prefer,
so far as this question is concerned, to leau to
the opinions of the fathers.
Mr. WINANS. May I interrupt my col-
league for the purpose of asking a question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. For a question ? Yes.
Mr. WINANS. I do not propose now to
reply to my colleague, but will suggest that
although the fathers in the first act passed by
the First Congress under the Constitution have
asserted, by means of a preamble, aright under
the Constitution to levy a duty for the purpose
of protecting domestic manufactures, it does
not follow at all that the Constitution does
authorize any such thing.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot yield for an argu-
ment.
Mr. WINANS. Well, the question I desire
to ask my colleague, for the purpose of illustra-
tion, is whether in his opinion it would be
constitutional and expedient to make a direct
appropriation from the Treasury of the United
States to pay a bounty until further orders
upon all pig iron which shall be manufactured
iu the United States?
Mr. SCHENCK. That question is not now
involved, but I have no disposition to shrink
from it. I will answer by saying that I do not.
think it would bo expedient or proper for Con-
gress to do so ; but 1 do bulievo it is within the
power of Congress to do it, just as upon various
occasions we have upon the same principle
given bounties to fishermen.
Mr. WINANS. One other question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would prefer to go on
with what I have to say.
Mr. WINANS. Only one question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well.
Mr. WINANS. I would inquire whether by
reducing the duties of the present tariff upon
manufactured goods, or the goods which are
manufactured in this country, prices would
not be cheapened and the revenue increased
at the same time?
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague will pardon
me; he can deal with my arguments when 1
have submitted them. He is now leading off
into another part of- this subject, to which J
shall come after awhile if he does not inter
rupt me too much. For the present let us
confine ourselves to that which is now being
discussed. Take it upon the ground which he
suggests. He says that the preamble of the
act to which I have referred has not the force
of an enactment or a law; that it only shows,
by way of recital, what were the opinions of
those who passed such a law. Why, sir, Ilia1,
was exactly the light in which I was introduc
ing it. I referred to that preamble as an illus-
tration and a proof of the opinions of those
who made the Constitution upon this question
of constitutional right and power.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wikansj
and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Mar
shall] both being lawyers, I would not think,
under ordinary circumstances, of setting up
the opinions of a man who was no lawyer, but
only an old Virginia tobacco planter, against
theirs. But when they reflect upon the advan-
tages that George had over them, that he lived
at the very time, and was just fresh from Un-
making of that Constitution, they must, I think,
