1330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16
individual for a crime which he has not com-
mitted,
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator a question ?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. Who is to judge whether
a State has violated the republican form of
government or departed from that form? Is
it the State or is it Congress who undertakes to
guaranty a republican form of government?
Mr. STEWART. It is undoubtedly Con-
gress.
Mr. HOWARD. That is what I said.
Mr. STEWART. Undoubtedly Congress is
to judge; but in the absence of a violation
there is no occasion for a judge in the case at
all, and there is no occasion for punishment—
no jurisdiction to judge or punish in the absence
of a violation.
Mr. HOWARD. Who is to judge of the fact
of violation?
Mr. STEWART. There is no suggestion
of a violation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But "to guaranty" means
to secure. That is what we agreed to do.
Mr. HOWARD. A man who is bound to
guaranty a particular thing is bound to see to
it at all times, to make provision to bring it
about, to effectuate it; is he not?
Mr. STEWART. I understand that "to
guaranty" means "to secure." Now, in the
first place, we are guarantying a republican
form of government to Mississippi by the act
of admitting her. We first examine to see if
she has a republican form of government at
this time. If she has not, she is not entitled
to admission. Then we decide by the act of
admission that she has a republican form of
government. We recite that this is a consti-
tution republican in form by the act of admis-
sion. This bill admits that fact.
Mr. HOWE. Now, allow me to ask the
Senator a question as to the effect of admis-
sion. I ask him if the effect of admission be
to clothe the State with the power to change
its constitution and make it anti-republican ?
Mr. STEWART. The effect of admission
is not to authorize the State to destroy the
republican government. It has no authority
to do that; and in case it attempts to do it
Congress is authorized to interfere. But now
I utterly repudiate the idea that it is the duty
of Congress to provide against every possible
infringement of the republican form of govern-
ment before it is done. Here you have a bill
admitting Mississippi, and by the bill you admit
that Mississippi has a republican form of gov-
ernment when she comes. Now, it is claimed
that you have a right to keep her thus, and
provide for all time that she shall continue to
be republican. Well, let us examine that.
Let us see how much we can do to keep in
Mississippi a republican form of government.
In order to have a republican form of gov-
ernment it must have a Legislature. Suppose
we say that the Legislature shall never be com-
posed any differently from what it now is, that
it shall never have more or less members, that
it shall not be changed. The population may
increase and it may become desirable to have
a larger representation. Still, we say this suits
us exactly; and for fear they may change it
and make it anti-republican we will prevent
them from increasing the number of members
of Legislature. We may go further and say
that we like their judicial system, we like the
number of judges they have got; and there-
fore they shall always have the same number
of judges and police magistrates of every de-
scription that they now have. Suppose the
population trebled; still Congress has pro-
vided against all contingencies of change in
their domestic affairs. So if this guarantee
clause means that Congress shall legislate
against all possible violations of the repub-
lican principle, I think Congress has been very
derelict for the last eighty years that it has
e°P,e ® °°^e tor each State.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question? Was it not the avowed
and only purpose of that guarantee clause in
the Constitution to provide not only that a
State should have a republican form of gov-
ernment when she came in, but that she should
always, as long as she was in the Union, have
a republican form? Was not that clause put
in for that purpose ?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. If Congress undertakes to
legislate with the same view does it go any fur-
ther than the framera of the Constitution in-
tended and tried to go ?
Mr. STEWART. I suppose that the pro-
vision with regard to the punishment of crimes
and giving the right of trial by jury was in-
tended to be a permanent provision in the Con-
stitution ; but 1 do not suppose it was intended
to have anybody tried by a jury when he was
not charged with some offense. I suppose it
was intended for the administration of justice.
I suppose the criminal law which is in force
throughout the United States is not intended
to punish an individual not charged with an
offense. I do not suppose the courts have any
jurisdiction until there is an offense committed.
I think it is just so with regard to this provis-
ion ; it is a provision which allows Congress to
interfere to guaranty republican form of gov-
ernment ; but while a republican government
exists in a State, while there is no suggestion
of a violation of it, I do not suppose Congress
has any jurisdiction whatever. I think if you
are to interfere in that way, I can suggest some
very queer legislation with regard to Wisconsin.
Suppose you take up the code of Wisconsin.
Her statute laws are undoubtedly wise and
excellent. They may suit Congress exactly.
Now, suppose we should pass a law that
Wisconsin shall not hereafter change any of
those laws; suppose we should dispense with
the business of making laws on the part of
Wisconsin because, say we, "we are bound to
guaranty to Wisconsin a republican form of
government, and we must guaranty it before
hand ; it may be that Wisconsin will make her
government anti-republican, and we had better
step in right here, stop it where it is, and make
it a fundamental condition that Wisconsin shall
not change her laws." Then we have a repub-
lican government secure for all time in Wis-
consin.
If the guarantee clause is to be construed as
authorizing interference at any time without
an alleged violation of the principle, if it is to
be construed to authorize legislation in advance
of an evil to be remedied, then there is no
Union, there is an end of a Government of
limited powers, because Congress can legislate
for the whole country on every subject. Every
domestic question may betaken into the hands
of Congress if that is the construction to be
given. I do not apprehend that Congress is
going to enter into any such legislation. I am
not so much alarmed about these fundamental
conditions as some are. I think that they are
useless and pernicious, forming a-bad prece-
dent. I think we can be engaged in legislation
that would do a great deal more good. I can
suggest where you can legislate directly under
the Constitution for human rights where there
is a necessity for it.
The Senator from Illinois has talked about
the Chinese. I do not believe that this will do
the Chinese any good ; but I have a bill on the
table which I am anxious to call up that is
designed especially for their protection. It
gives them the protection of the Constitution
and the laws, and makes them equal before the
law; gives them all the machinery of the Gov-
ernment to protect them in their civil rights;
and I have no doubt that I shall have the earn-
est support of the Senator from Illinois, for I
always do have it on such questions.
Mr. YATES. I give the Senator from
Nevada the credit of saying that, to my knowl-
edge, he took precisely that ground in San
Francisco, in the face of violent opposition.
Mr. STEWART. I said the same there as
here, as near as I can recollect. I said it there
in a public speech, and I intend to maintain it
everywhere. I believe the Constitution does
confer power enough to do everything tbafc is
necessary to be done by the General Govern-
ment ; but I do not believe there is any neces-
sity for saying in this bill that Mississippi shall
never change her constitution with regard to
her schools. I think it is a bad precedent, and
I hope Senators will not, because they voted a
certain way on the Virginia bill for reasons
altogether different, think they are now bound
to vote the same way on this bill.
Mr. YATES. Did the Senator vote for the
condition in the Nebraska bill ?
Mr. STEWART. I do not remember. Very
likely I did, but my record is of no particular
account.
Mr. YATES. I do not know how the Sen-
ator voted, but I remember how he spoke.
Mr. STEWART. You may put into my
mouth any words you choose.
Mr. YATES. The Senator spoke for that
condition.
Mr. STEWART. It is not of the slightest
importance to me how I voted or spoke yester-
day ; I am going to do as near right to-day as
I can. It is enough for me to act upon ques-
tions as they come up and do the best I can.
Mr. YATES. I ask the Senator if he did
not vote for the condition in the Nebraska and
Colorado bills.
Mr. STEWART. I have already said that
I do not recollect.
Mr. YATES. Did not the Senator speak in
favor of it?
Mr. STEWART. I think it very likely, but
I do not rcnember whether I participated in
the debate or not.
Mr. YATES. Where does the Senator stand
now compared with his position then ? Has
he changed?
Mr. STEWART. Very likely; I am not
immaculate.
Mr. YATES. Has the Senator had a con-
version ?
Mr. STEWART. Very likely I have had a
conversion. I am being converted to the truth
daily. I" am not weak enough to be trammelled
by my past record in any respect. I will
do the best I can on each occasion that pre-
sents itself, and if there is any satisfaction in
bringing up my record gentlemen may bring
it forward. I never went back to examine my
record, never read it over, never defended it,
and never will.
Mr. YATES. That is very convenient.
Mr. STEWART. Let me get through. It
is the right way to do. I have known many
men, in attempting to be consistent, run them-
selves into absurdity, and run themselves to
destruction and become utterly worthless. I
have seen more public men ruined in that way
than any other. I have seen the scarecrow of
consistency hung up among politicians until
it scared them bo that they were not worth a
cent.
I wish to say with regard to the fundamental
condition in the Nebraska bill that it related
to an entirely different subject. It had this
merit, at all events: it was a remedial pro«
vision, according to my recollection. We had
passed a law extending suffrage to the black
men in the Territory of Nebraska. When the
Territory beoame a State its constitution came
here without any guarantee of suffrage to black
men, and we made a condition to secure them
the ballot, and it has had good effects. There
was some reason fot that. If it did not stand
on any better constitutional ground than this it
certainly had a reason, aud it has been bene-
ficial. I believe it was the means by which the
distinguished Senator from Nebraska [Mr.
Thayer] came here. I think it, was the vote
of the colored men which secured him the
majority of eight which be received in the
Legislature. You see there were some fruits
in that, and you can see there was something
to be gained by it. Here Mississippi comes
