5108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
Mr. DRAKE. Aud smuggle them back
afterward.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly. If there is
any chance for fraud the fraud is just as great
while the goods are on their way to Montreal
as it is while they are on their way to Phila-
delphia or Chicago. The truth about it is that
there is no danger of fraud. This amendment
provides that the transportation companies,
the railroad companies, shall give bond and
security to convey the goods unbroken to their
place of destinalion. The invoice accompanies
them. The amendment is full of details to
protect the Government against fraud. I have
uot time now to point them out; but every
Senator has doubtless read it. Now, I should
like to know how it is that a foreigner can take
his goods through this country, but a citizen
of the United States cannot do it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thayer
in the chair.) The Senator's time has expired.
Mr. HOWE. 1 only rise to speak to the
amendment which I have proposed, and very
briefly to that. I want to say to the Senator
from Illinois that those who vote for his amend-
ment will vote for it upon the ground that it
does not endanger the revenues. If it does
not endanger the revenues to transport these
goods inland to a town of one hundred and
fifty thousand inhabitants it does not endan-
ger the revenues to transport them to a town
of fifty thousand inhabitants.
Mr. WILLIAMS and others. We cannot
h ar the Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin will address the Chair.
He is called upon by Senators to address the
Chair, so that lie can be heard.
Mr. HOWE. I say if these goods can be
transported inland to a town of one hundred
aud lifty thousand inhab fcauts with safety to the
revenue they can be transported inland to a
town of fifty thousand with safety to the rev-
enue. If it be decided by a majority of tho
Senate that you cannot accept my amendment
and allow these goods to be transported to a
town of fifty thousand, then you decide that
there is danger to the revenue in this proposi-
tion ; and if you tell me there is danger to the
revenue by allowing inland transportation, then
I will not vote for the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, because I will not vote for a
proposition which endangers tho revenue to
accommodate the city of Chicago, or the city
of St. Louis, or the city of Cincinnati. First
take care ol the revenue, and then, when that
is done, I will vote to accommodate all these
places.
I have, perhaps, a little local feeling in regard
to this mailer, for there is a town in my State,
within ninety miles of Chicago, to which the
Senator from Illinois has alluded. They are,
to some extent, rivals for the trade of the North-
west. The merchant of Milwaukee would not
like to have his goods transported right by his
harbor to Chicago under this amendment, when
there is a port of entry there, and he would
think they could just as well be landed there
as to be carried ninety iniles further.
Mr. SCHURZ. Is not Milwaukee a port
of entry now?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, it is a port of entry.
And unless my amendment is adopted I shall
be compelled to vote against the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. SCHURZ. 1 will make a proposition
to the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. HOWE. 1 am'open to trade.
Mr. SCHURZ. It is this: that the Senator
abandon the amendment he has proposed, aud
instead that we insert the words "and such
cities as are already ports of entry."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will not help itany.
Mr. HOWE. Ve'ry well; I will agree to
that; "or such cities as are ports of entry."
Mr. THURMAN. Is the amendment sug-
gested accepted ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It cannot be accepted.
. Mr. SCHURZ. Let it be changed so as to
read "cities of one hundred and fifty thousand
inhabitants, and such as are already ports of
entry."
Mr. WILLIAMS. There are some ports of
entry that have not got a thousand inhabitants.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest to say " and such
other cities as are ports of entry."
Mr. SCHURZ. Very well.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope tho amendment
will be adopted as it was moved. The idea
of making this proposition apply to every city
of fifty thousand inhabitants has one insuper-
able objection to it, in my mind; not on account
of any danger of fraud, but because of the
immense number of ofiice-holders it would
necessitate, and the increased expense to the
Government of a set of custom-house officers
at every town of fifty thousand inhabitants
iti the country. I do not think that will do
at all. I do not think there will be any very
great increase of office-holders if you leave
the amendment as it was moved by the Senator
from Missouri; but to bring every place that
is a poit of entry within this bill will not do
exactly, for almost every little town on the
Mississippi river is a port of entry.
Mr. SCHURZ. Ob, no; I beg the Senator's
pardon. Tlicy are ports of delivery, but I say
" ports of entry."
Mr. THURMAN. If that, language will do
I have no objection. There is one thing I wish
further to say, by way of illustration of what
was said by the Senator from Illinois. Any-
body who will go to St. Paul, Minnesota, can
sec goods that come all the way from New
York to St. Paul, going on to the Red River
of the North into the British possessions, be-
longing to the Hudson Bay Company, that
never have broker# bulk at all, going clear
across this continent—goods for Fort Edwards
and Fort Garry—thousands of miles from the
city of New Yoik, that pass right across the
continent in that way without breaking bulk
at all, white the merchant of Philadelphia,
ninety miles from New York, cannot get his
goods that are landed in New Y'ork without
bulk being broken at New York. This is all I
have to say. I hope we may vote on this ques-
tion to-night.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not rise to debate
this proposition, but simply to say that the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Coxklixc;,] who
represents the State having a large interest,
real or apparent, in this question, is absent by
sickness. I know he takes a very deep interest
in this subject. I saw him this evening. He
supposed this wa3 not going to be pressed again,
and I did. 1 think it is due, as a matter of fair-
ness and courtesy to him, that the Senate should
adjourn; and I make that motion.
Mr. THURMAN. Do you expect him here
to morrow ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; he said he would
be here to-morrow.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont permit me to make a statement?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; 1 beg to be
excused.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope not. We have wasted
this whole day, and I hope we shall now sit the
bill out.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to;
there being, on a division—ayes 10, noes 23.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin to the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE. I will say one word only
about this matter, by way of suggestion to the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin. This is
the beginning of a new system in connection
with our custom-houses and the transportation
of goods under bond in the country. Would
it not be better to let it. be tried partially at
first ami see how it will work, rather than to
spread it over so large a portion of the conn
try and so many points at the beginning? I
make the suggestion for the consideration of
the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr, SCHURZ. The Senator from Vermont
stated that we ought to wait until the Senator
from New York could behere; that he had not'
expected that this amendment would come tip
again. I told him that it would come up
to-night; that I should renew the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS; When?
Mr. SCHURZ. Last night.
Mr. President, there is absolutely no interest
in this country opposed to the introduction of
this new system but New York, and especially
the importers of New York. Every other city
in the United States is interested in the intro-
duction of this system; and, as I remarked
last night, it is nothing new at all. A system
similar to this prevails on the European con-
tinent almost everywhere, and they do not see
any inconvenience in it there. The only thing
necessary to prevent fraud is that the civil
service should be properly regulated; that
we have honest officers and keep them under
proper control. I do not think that the United
States can afford to remain so far behind in
civilization as to put aside a system which
everywhere else is working well.
Now, to show how necessary the system is,
let me give a single example. I know of atl
instance of a merchant in St. Louis whose
Christmas goods arrived in New York before
the 1st of December, and he could not get
then through the custom-house there and re-
ceive them in St. Louis until about the 15th of
January. Those goods being subject to fashion,
the cargo was uot worth anything hardly to him
when ho received it; and such things are hap-
pening everyday. I think it is a gross outrage
upon the mercantile community of the coun-
try that such a system should prevail any longer
iu this country.
Mr. STOCKTON. Ihavesomeameiidrnents
to offer to this bill before it shall pass. They
are very small matters, but they will take time,
and it is uiy duty to my constituents to offer
them. In the absence of my colleague there
is but one Senator on this floor from New
Jersey. The Senator from Vermont has just
stated that the question now before the Senate
is one of interest to the Senator from New
York, who is absent from sickness. It is now
half past eleven o'clock at night, and I do not
believe we have a quorum in the Chamber. I
suggest to the Senate the propriety of an ad-
journment; and I move that the Senate do now
adjourn ; and I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas aud nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman,Cas3erly,Chand-
ler, Hamilton of Maryland, Seott, Spencer, Stockton,
Suiuuer, Willey, and Williams—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Fenton
Ilamlin, Harlan, Howe, llowell, McDonald. Morrill
of Maine, Osborn. Patterson, Poineroy, Katasey,
Rice, Robertson, Ros*, Sawyer, Sehurz, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart. Thayer, Thunnan, Trumbull,
Warner, and Wilson—27.
A X Messrs.Abbott,Ames, Anthony, Brown-
low . Buckingham. Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Cole,
Conkling, Davis, Edmunds, Ferry, 1:1 u.ria.sxan. Fowler,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Howard, John-
ston, Kellogg, Lewis, MeCreery, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Norton, Nye, Pool, Pratt, Bevels, Saulsbury,
i. IP t on , Vickers, and Yates—31.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will be seen that this
proposition changes the whole system of trans-
porting goods and of appraising goods, and it
creates a new army of office-holders. It will
be noticed that one section of the amendment
provides:
-Uid be it further enacted, That at each of said ports
ot una! destination at which an appraiser of un-
polled merchandise is not now provided for by law,
there shall be appointed an appraiser of imported
merchandise at a salary of $3,000 |>er annum, and
a so such number of weighers, gaugers, measurers,
and inspectors as may be necessary to oxecutc tho
provisions of this act, who shall receive the ordinary
legal compensation for such officers.
Thus, as it will bo seen, you hate to create
a whole corps at every one of these places of
