2274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
payers in order to take the vote of the people
whether liabilities shall be incurred or not,
should it not be extended to the classes of
corporations I have mentioned ?
Mr. THURMAN. I could auswer that ques-
tion very easily, and I think to the satisfaction
of my friend. Congress might authorize the
corporate authorities of Washington to give
this indorsement without consulting the people
of Washington; and so a State Legislature may
authorize a railroad corporation to create a
debt without consulting the stockholders at all.
But if they do go outside of the directory of
the corporation they may of course confine
themselves to the stockholders, just as here
when you go outside of the municipal authori-
ties you confine yourself to one class or another
of the people in the city of Washington. The
bill proposes that you confine yourself to the
electors.
The Senator from New York suggests a
greater restriction, to confine yourselves to the
tax-payers; but the question is not one as to
whether the corporation shall have the power
or not, but the question is who shall be con-
sulted. That is the question: and the ground
upon which the Senator asks that the tax-
payers alone should be consulted is that they
are the persons wh® are interested because
they will have to pay the tax. To that I
answer that the bonds are to be paid thirty
years hence, and therefore it does not follow
at all that the tax-payers of to-day are those
who will pay the tax then. Besides, who are
tax-payers ? I believe in this city there is a
capitation tax. There was in Maryland, there
was in Virginia, and I believe there is here.
Then, if you put in simply tax-payers, you in-
clude every elector. But suppose you put in
only holders of real estate, how then? 1 grant
the debt is a mortgage on the real estate of
the District, but you see you must confine it
still more and not say simply tax-payers, but
say " the owners of real estate paying taxes."
It seems to me, although I do not like any
bills of this kind, that the committee have hit
upon just about as good a plan as could be,
and that is to require two thirds of the voters
to agree to the proposition. If two thirds of
them agree to it, the probabilities are that
there will be a majority of the tax-payers
agreeing to it.
Mr. CONILLING. 1 wish to ask one ques-
tion which I have 110 doubt the Senator will
be able to answer. I beg to inquire of him
whether in the course of his long and varied
experience he has known a case where the
question whether a town should be bonded in
aid of a railroad, or whether a city should
become obligated in a certain regard, was ever
submitted to any persons as voters excepting
those persons who paid taxes, who could main-
tain a bill in a court of equity to restrain the
act if it were unlawful ?
Mr. THURMAN. 1 will answer. The cases
were so numerous in my State that in adopting
our new constitution we absolutely prohibited
it. The question was submitted simply to the
electors, and perhaps half the counties and
half the cities and towns of Ohio had become
involved in subscriptions to the stock of rail-
road companies and in loans of credit and in
guarantying the bonds of railroad companies,
until so crying an evil threatened to bankrupt
the State; and in the constitution of 1851 it was
absolutely prohibited.
Mr. WILSON. If this bill is to pass at all I
hope the amendment pending will be adopted;
and I hope if it is done the question will be
submitted to the voters, and not to the tax-
payers merely. I do not think we ought to
make that distinction here in this Government.
But, sir, I doubt the propriety of passing such
a bill at all. This city of Washington is m debt
now; its credit is not very good; it does not
pay its ordinary expenses without great diffi-
culty ; it does not pay even its school teachers
regularly. Now the proposition is to allow
this city, that has got no money to put in rail-
roads anywhere, to vote $1,500,000 to put into
a railroad that it may be for its interest to
build, or may not. I have 110 doubt it would
be a very good thing to build this railroad ; but
there is something else in the United States
besides railroads. It seems to me that at the
present time about all we think of in this coun-
try is the building of railroads, and people are
running into all sorts of schemes and all sorts
of debts for that purpose. In many parts of
the country some of the best States of the
Union and some of the best people we have
got have involved themselves largely by votes
to aid railroads, and when called upon to pay
their bills they are shrinking from it and talk-
ing about repudiating their debts.
Sir, I think this whole policy of allowing
townships and cities by a vote or by any other
means to put money in railways is wrong; that
its influence is bad in the country; and that it
is time to stop it, and stop it altogether. I
hope that this bill is not to pass in any shape
or "form ; that we shall not allow this large debt
to be created here either by a vote of the peo-
ple or in any other way. The policy is not a
sound one. It has failed nearly everywhere
that it has been tried, and has involved the
people in difficulty. It is a very easy thing to
get the vote of a community to go into debt,
but it is not so easy to got a vote of that same
community to tax itself to get out of debt.
Now, sir, if we allow the city of Washington
to put this money, §1,500,000, into this rail-
road, the stock is to sell at a low rate, at a
great sacrifice. If there is such a railroad to
be built, and it is worth the building, there is
capital enough in the country to put in it with-
out coming here and allowing this city of Wash-
ington, which is a poverty-stricken city as we
all know and has very little property in it, to
incur a greater debt when it has a large debt
on it now, and it is not able to pay its ordinary
expenses without the greatest difficulty, and
does not even pay its school-marms regularly.
The whole policy is wrong, and ought not, in
my judgment, to receive for one moment the
sanction of the Congress of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the bill
be laid on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. t hope the Senator will
not cut off all debate in that way, after making
a speech himself.
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to cut off any-
body from speaking. I withdraw the motion if
any other Senator desires to speak.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know anything
about this railroad ; but I was simply going to
observe that whenever anything is brought
before the Senate that looks toward the im-
provement of Washington it is charged that
Washington is no place; that it has got no
railroads; that it is not a proper place in which
to hold a national exhibition; and men begin
to cry down the city and say that it is poverty
stricken, it does not pay its debts, it is no
place for anybody to live.
Mi-. HOWELL. If the Senator from Kan-
sas will give way to a motion to adjourn—as
we shall have to discuss this question some-
what, and we cannot get through with it to-
night—I will submit that motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
an adjournment. I am not going to make any
speech. I only desired to say in a single word
that tor us to insist in one breath that Wash-
ington shall have railroads, and then for us to
defeat every effort that the people make to try
to get them, is no way to build up the city.
Mr. CONKL1NG. What eft'orts are we
defeating?
Mr. POMEROY. This is one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the question of privilege was laid
aside by unanimous consent and by the con-
sent of the Senator from Maryland, who is upon
the floor and desires to resume the floor if .the
Senate is about to adjourn.
Mr. POMEROY. Then let this bill be laid
aside.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection this bill will be laid aside, and the
Senator from Maryland will resume t.he floor
on the question of privilege, leaving that as
the unfinished business.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 29, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. Gr. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
HON. JOSEPH SBGAR.
Mr. PAINE. I am directed by the_ Com-
mittee of Elections to submit a report in the
case of Joseph Segar, claiming to be elected a
Representative at large from the State of Vir-
ginia, and to move that it be laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed, intending to
call it up for action at a future day.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent that
the minority ipay be allowed to present their
views, which, when presented, shall be ordered
to be printed.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
PENNSYLVANIA. CONTESTED-ELECTION' CASE.
Mr. CESSNA, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, submitted a report concluding with the
following resolution:
Resolved, That John R. Reading is not entitled
to a soat in this House as a lleprcsont&tive from the
fifth congressional district of Pennsylvania.
liesolved, That Caleb N. Taylor is entitled to a
soat in this House as a Representative from the fifth
congressional district of Pennsylvania.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be pi'inted.
Mr. RANDALL presented the views of the
minority; which were also laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CESSNA. I now give notice that I
shall call the (?ase up for action on Tuesday
next.
PAYMENT OF PENSIONS. '
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a privileged
question. I call up the motion tp reconsider
the vote by which House bill No. 547, to define
the duties of pension agents and prescribe the
manner of paying pensions, was recommitted
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman jfrom Mis-
souri has spoken his hour on that motion, and
I now desire to have the floor on that particu-
lar subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
position of this question. The gentleman from
Missouri some weeks since reported a bill relat-
ing to the payment of pensions, and entered
a motion to reconsider the vote by which it was
recommitted. A fortnight since he called up
that motion to reconsider, and on motion of
the gentlemanfrom Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
its further consideration was postponed for two
weeks, which brings it up to this morning, leav-
ing it in precisely the same privileged condition
as before. The gentleman from Missouri" calls
it up; but as he has already spoken, any other
member desiring the floor is entitled to it.
Mr. SOHENCK. It is on that ground 1
claim the floor. I now propose to use the
floor for the purpose of moving to lay that
motion to reconsider upon the table. If the gen-
tleman wishes postponement for further dis-
cussion I donot know but I will vary the motion.
