3218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
he hM no objection. As he makes no dis-
tinction of color now [laughter] I need say
no more.
Mr. HOWE. I want to know what the effect
of this unanimons consent will be on the posi-
tion of the pending order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will still leave
it at the head of the Calendar as the first spe-
cial order. The Chair hears no objection to
the suggestion that the bill moved by the Sen-
ator from Iowa be taken up.
osage indian lands.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 629) to
provide for the sale of the Great and- Little
Osage Indian reservation, in the State of Kan-
fas, an# for the settlement of said Indians in
the Indian territory.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported
the bill with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
in section one, line eleven, to strike out
" $1,000,000," and to insert " $2,000,000;" so
as to read:
That the United States shall assume the absolute
control  ml ownership of all the lauds known as the
Ore.it ami Little Osage reservation, in tho State of
Kansas, including all lands in said State ceded to the
United States in trust, by article second of the treaty
between the United States and said Indians, con-
rloded September l!9, 1865, ao well us the so-called
diminished reservation, tor which the said Indians
(hall be allowed and paid the sum of $2.01)0,000.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the committee
will not press that amendment. The Indians
agreed to take $1,600,000, and why make the
amoont $2,000,000? I hope the amendment
will not be concurred in, becanse it is $400,000
more than the Indians themselves asked.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall not press it My
personal judgment concurs with that of the
honorable Senator from Kansas, but a majority
of the committee thought $2,000,000 onght to
be (tiven.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line twenty-one, before the words "per
cent." to strike out "five" and insert "four
so as to read:
The residue of said SI,600,000 shall be placed to
their credit on the books of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States and bear interest at the rate of four per
cent, per annum, to be computed from the date of
the approval of this act, said interest to be payable
semi-annually.
Mr. HARLAN. That amendment should
not be concurred in now.
Mr. POMEROY. It onght to fall with the
other.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line twenty-four, after "one hundred"
to insert "and twenty-five" so as to read,
"the interest on $125,000 shall be paid for
the support of schools in said nation."
Mr. HARLAN. Both that and the next
amendment ought to be rejected.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in line twenty-six,
to insert "and seventy-five" before "thou-
sand so as to read, "the interest on $375,-
000 shall be paid in cash for national pur-
poses."
Mr. POMEROY. That amendment should
also be rejected.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was at the end of sec-
tion three, to insert "which payment, when
accepted, shall be held to be a full payment of
all snch claims;" so as to make the clause
read :
That if the amount of just claims shall exceed the
sum of $40,000, the said amount of (40,000 shall be
d i v id ed pro rata among the different claimants whoso
claims shall have been established and allowed,
which payment, when accepted,shall be held to be a
full paymentof all such claims.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as section
four the .following:
Sec. 4. And be u further enacted. That there shall
• paid to the members of tho Great and Little
Osage tribo of Indians a just and flair compensation
for horses stolen from them by white citiiens of tho
United States since tho ratification of the treaty ot
September 29,1865. to be ascertained by the agent of
said tribe and the superintendent of Indian affairs,
who shall make a careful and thorough examination
of each ease within six months after the passage ot
this act, and report tho same to tho Secretary of tho
Interior for hia approval or disapproval: Provided,
That tho whole amount to be paid for such claims
shall not oxoecd $40,000; and if the amount of claims,
established as hereinbefore provided, shall exceed
said sum, tho said sum of $40,000 shall be paid pro
rata, and bo aocepted in full satisfaction.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [seven]
eight, line four, after the word "determine"
to insert "from time to time."
The amendment waff agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [eight]
nine, line two, to strike out" $1,600,000" and
insert "$2,000,000."
Mr. POMEROY. That will be rejected
now, of course.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in liue five of the
same section, after tbe words " in section
two," to insert "and section four."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line twenty-seven, after tho words "high-
est bidder," to insert " at not less than $1 25
per acre."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line thirty-one, after the words " second
sectiou," to insert " and fourth section." i
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
line thirty-two "$1,600,000" and to insert
" $2 000,000."
The VICE PRESIDENT. This will be
regarded as disagreed to, following the others.
Mr. BUCKING-HAM. It appears to me this
bill ought not to be amended as it has been,
and in the Senate I shall move to restore
" $2,000,000" instead of " $1,000,000."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be ih
order when the bill is reported to the Senate,
and the other amendments will follow the first
if agreed to. ;
The next amendment was after the word "in-
terest," in liue thirty-three of section [eight]
nine, to insert "including in snch estimate the
proceeds of the sales of the so-called Osage
trnst lands which may have accrued before
the approval of this act;" so as to read:
And after the United States shall have received
from the proceeds of tbe sale of said lands, over and
above the cost of the survey and sale thereof, the
amount provided for in the second section andfourth
section of this act, and the said sum of $1,600,000,
with accrued interest, ineluding in such estimate tbe
firoceeds of the sales of the so-called Osage trust
ands which may have accrued before the approval
of this act, the residue of said lands shall bo disposed
of as other public lauds.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next and last amendment of the com-
mittee was to add the following as an addi-
tional section:
Sue. 10. And be it further enacted. That there be,
and is hereby, created an additional land office in
the State of Kansas, to be located as centrally as
practicable in tbe part of said Osage lands which
may be from time to time brought into market. And
the said lands, including diminished reserve and trust
lands, shall constitute a separate land office district;
and the said land office shall be so conducted as to
enable the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
to keep a separate and distinct account of the pro-
ceeds of the sale of said lands from the proceeds of
the sales of other lands.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I Bhonld like now to have
the bill read in fall as it stands. It is a some*
what lengthy bill I know, but it is a very im-
portant one and involves a large amount of
money.
Mr. POMEROY. There are some amend-
ments that I wish to move.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I withdraw
the call for the reading of the bill until those
i amendments are acted on.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment T pro-
pose to offer I believe will be agreed to by the
chairman of the Cornmitteo on Indian Affairs.
If there are any of them that bethinks are not
right I shall not move them. In the first sec-
tion, in line three, it is provided " that, tho Uni-
ted States shall assume the absolute control
and ownership" of these lands. I wish to in-
sert after the word "shall" the words " and
hereby does."
Mr. HAltLAN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have objection.
I want the amendment explained.
Mr. POMEROY. I want the time fixed at
the passage of this act at which the Govern-
ment does assume the control and ownership
of these lands. The bill provides that the Uni-
ted States shall doit at some time in the future;
but I want it done now. If the Senator objects
to the amendment, I shall not delay the passage
of the bill by insisting upon it.
Mr. MORIMLL, of Maine. It raises a very
important question 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kansas withdraw the amendment?
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw it. Without
this amendment, however, it is an open ques-
tion at what time the Government assumes
control.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the amend-
ment is withdrawn I will not consume time
upon it now.
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw it, because I
do not wish to delay the passage of the bill.
The next amendment I wish to offer is in line
thirty-eight of the first section, to strike out
"national"and insert "tribal;" so as to read:
"for the benefit and support of their tribal
government." We uniformly designate tho
government of a tribe of Indians as their tribal
government. I suppose there can be no objec-
tion to this amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. The word "nation" has
been used in their treaties from time to time.
The treaty is with the Great and Little Osage
nation of Indians. I do not know, however,
that the amendment is at all material.
Mr. POMEROY. It seemed to me like
dignifying them to call them a nation; but of
course it is merely a technical matter. If the
Senator objects I will not move the amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not see
the propriety of the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well; I withdraw
it. The next amendment I wish to offer is in
section six, line three, after the word " being"
to insert " an Indian and." It now reads:
If any individual belonging to said tribe of Indians
or legally incorporated with them, being the head
of a family, shall desire to oommence farming, <fcc.
I wish it to read " being an Indian and the
head of a family."
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think white
people ought to go and get adopted into the
tribe and then have the benefits of the tribe.
This amendment confines it to Indians.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. In section seven, line four,
there is a misprint. It reads " carrying into
effect the fourth section thereof." As the bill
is now amended that "fourth" should be
"fifth."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment will be made as a matter of course, it
being rendered necessary by the incorporation
of a new section as section four.
Mr. POMEROY. Then in the sixth line of
the eighth section I wish to insert " and by tho
surveyor general of the proper land district ;'' so
as to read,'' shall be surveyed under the direc-
tion of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office and by the surveyor general of the proper
land district, as other public lands are sur-
veyed."
Mr. HARLAN. I do not know that that is
necessary. If the Commissioner of the
eral Land Office can manage to survey this
