1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2275
Mr. BENJAMIN. Permit me to say a word.
Gentlemen are well aware that this pension
bill has been pending since the first of the ses-
sion. It is a question which interests a large
number of persons, and it is very desirable it
should be disposed of at an early day. There
are rival propositions before the House, and
the members who have submitted them are
anxious to be heard. It will take no longer to
dispose of the question now than at any other
time. I do not think it will take long. I hope
we will allow those gentlemen to present their
views, and then take a vote and settle the
matter now. We all know that the tariff bill
will run through a long period of time, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table will
be to put this question off until that tariff bill
lias been disposed of. I hope he will not
insist on his motion to lay upon the table, but let
lis act on the pension bill now.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Missouri whether he will yield to
me to introduce a substitute for his proposi-
tion?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly; I am willing
that the sense of the House should be taken on
any proposition that may be offered.
Mr. SCHENCK. As the gentleman from
Missouri has been permitted to make a state-
ment, I trust that I may be indulged while I
briefly indicate what I desire. I agree that
the pension bill in some form ought to be con-
sidered and acted upon. A motion to recom-
mit the bill having prevailed, I understand that
the motion now of the gentleman from Mis-
souri is to reconsider the motion by which the
bill was recommitted. I have proposed to lay
that motion upon the table, but I am not urgent
in insisting upon that proposition. I would
be willing that the motion to reconsider, which
would involve the whole consideration of the
bill, should be postponed to some future time.
I am not willing, however, if I can help it, to
have it come in just at this time in consequence
of its postponement until to-day, which would
have the effect of crowding out all other busi-
ness, and especially of crowding out the com-
pletion of the tariff debate, and the consider-
ation of the bill now in Committee of the
Whole.
I will also state to the House that my desire
is to raove to stop all general debate on the
tariff bill in one hour after the House shall go
into Committee of the Whole to-morrow morn-
ing. I had intended to make that motion to
operate to-day; but two members of the com-
mittee—the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Makshall] who now has the floor in commit-
tee, and another member of the committee,
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
xaud,] and perhaps two or three other gentle-
men who have been watching their opportunity
for speaking—are desirous of being heard this
afternoon or this evening, and I desire to afford
them that opportunity which I think is due to
them.
I propose, then, if this pension bill is laid
aside, to move to stop all general debate on
the tariff bill in one hour after going into Com-
mittee of the Whole to-morrow. When that
time arrives and the general debate is closed,
I will consider another proposition which has
been made, that the consideration of the bill
by clauses shall be postponed until the Tues-
day following. This will enable gentlemen to
prepare themselves for the five minutes' de-
bate on particular items of the bill, and it will
let in during the three or four days that will
intervene a number of matters that have been
crowded out. But before submitting such a
motion I shall wait to ascertain the temper of
the House in order to see if, in the opinion of
the House, such a course is desirable. So far
as I am concerned, I am ready to go on with
the consideration of the bill by clauses to-
morrow, and have prepared myself for that.
1 will change my motion to this, that the further
consideration of the motion to reconsider be
postponed until this day two weeks after the
morning hour.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, I will state
to the gentleman 
Mr. SCHENCK. If my motion is debatable,
I now call the previous question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. If this bill is postponed
until some future day after the morning hour,
will it not lose its position as a privileged ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. It will become subject to
the action of the majority of the House. If
the majority of the House choose to take it up
they may. If they choose, on the other hand,
to go into Committee of the Whole for the
consideration of the special order, they may.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then it will be no longer
a question of privilege ?
The SPEAKER. It will be a privileged
question : but the motion to suspend the rules
and go into Committee of the Whole will be a
matter of higher privilege than the rale under
whieh the gentleman from Missouri obtains his
privilege.
The question was put on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. CREB3. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] answer a question which
I desire to put to him ?
Mr. SCHENCK. The House is dividing,
and I cannot answer the gentleman.
On seconding the previous question there
were, on a division—ayes 54, noes 43; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Schenck and Mr.
Ben-jamist.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 79, noes 41.
So the previous question was seconded and
the mainquestion ordered; which was on Mr.
Schenck's motion to postpone the motion to
reconsider for two weeks.
Mr. BENJAMIN. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes 18, noes 82 ; not one fifth of those present
voting affirmatively.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. Schenck's motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
votejusttaken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ARNELL. I call for the regular order.
REDUCTION OF THE ARMY.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Arxell] yield to me for a per-
sonal explanation?
Mr. ARNELL. I decline to yield, if the
time occupied by the gentleman will come out
of the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. If unanimous consent is
given, it will not come out of the morning hour.
How much time does the gentleman desire?
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot exactly say. I have
some figures and facts to present to the House
which I think would be interesting. I shall
take no more time than is absolutely necessary.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. LOGAN. I send to the Clerk's desk
and desire to have read the letter from Gen-
eral Sherman, which I have marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington. March 25.—General Sherman has
sent the following letter to the chairman of the Sen-
ate Military Committee, before whom tlie bill of
General Logax tor reducing the Army is now pend-
ing:
Washixgtox, March 22,1870.
Dear Sir : I havebeen repeatedly urged by friends
and even bymembers of Congress to givetothecoun-
try ray views of the hill reducing the number of offi-
cers in the Army, which recently passed the House
of Representatives, and of the speech with which
General Logan accompanied it. it is positively pro-
hibited to officers ot tbeArmy to resort to the press
m official matters, but it is eminently proper that
you, who have requested it, should know my opin-
ions ot the matters involved, and accordingly I sub-
mit them to you in the form of a letter.
The first defect of this bill is one of omission. The
law ofl86S, fixing the peace establishment, clearly de-
scribed what the peace establishment should be. The
appropriation bill of March 3, 1869, broke up twenty
regiments of infantry, and prohibited all future pro-
motions and appointments in the staff corps till the
prohibition should be removed by Congress. By the
operation of this enactment, all the staff corps and
departments will cease to exist with the lives of tbo
present incumbents, and very soon we will have in-
sufficient quartermasters, paymasters, surgeons, <fcc.,
to provide for the absolute necessities of the troops
in the field. Congress shouldnow fix some standard
tor these corps, and let us work to that standard.
The assertion made by General Log ax, that the
number of staff officers in our small Army exceeded
those of Fiance and Russia, is so wide of the truth
that it does not admit of argument. Our Army of
4;J regiments would make 2 corps d'arm&e, or 6 full
divisions, or 12 brigades, requiring for actual service
1 general, 2 lieutenant generals, 6 major generals,
and 12 brigadiers; whereas we have 1 general, X
lieutenant general, 5 major generals, and 8 briga-
diers. If you will send to the Congress Library for
llart's Army List for 1869, you will findin the English
army, estimated at 130,000 men, the names of 4 field
marshals, 80 generals, 149 lieutenant generals, 416
major generals, and Till colonels. The Ifrench army
contained at latest dates 459 marshals and generals,
011 adj utant and inspector generals, 632 engineers,
315 in the ordnance corps, and other officers perform-
ing duties which correspond with those of our staff,
amounting with tbe above, in the aggregate, to 2,567
officers, exclusive of their surgeons and assistant sur-
geons. Thus the ifrench army has more generals
alone than wo have of generals and staff together,
and more engineer officers than we have in all our
staff corps put together. In like manner the JS orth
German (Prussian) army has 49 generals, 57 lieuten-
ant generals, and 99 major generals, 115 staff proper,
80 adjutants, 332 engineer officers, 1,298 surgeons, 507
paymasters, and other officers corresponding with
our staff, including the above, amounting in the
aggregate to 3,181.
1 cannot imagine where General Logan got his
figures; but having himself alluded to foreign armies,
it is right that this correction should be made right
here. This bill provides for the absolute discharge
of two major generals and two brigadier generals,
leaving in the Army three of the former and six of
the latter. To compel the President thus to dis-
charge four of his old generals who have served
under him, and who have fairly earned their com-
missions, will be the most ungracious task that wis
ever imposed upon the Kxecutive, more especially
when he has just expressed the opinion that then-
services are needed and are not in excess of the Army
organization. Our present heads of bureaus have
now the rank and pay of brigadier generals, and this
bill proposes to muster them out, or give them the
hard option of dropping back to the rank of colonel.
None but a soldier can realize the cruelty of this
measure, and to characterize such men as General
Meigs and General Eaton as inspectors of shoes and
bean soup, on the floor of Congress, is a taunt un-
worthy the place; for Congress itself has imposed on
these very officers, by name, administrative and j udi-
eial functions that heretofore have been the prov-
ince of learned judges. Claims involving hundreds
of millions of dollars, and the most complicated
principles of law, have been adjusted by them, saving
miliionsofdollars to thenationalTreasury and elicit-
ing the hearty approval of the members of Congress
who have witnessed their labor andfidelity. 1 need
not constitute myself their advocate, fori have heard
you bear testimony to the truth of the above state-
ment. if Congress cannot afford to pay them the
salary of brigadier generals it should he so declared,
and not based on the measure and importance of
their work. To reduce an officer from one grade to
a lower has hitherto been done only as the extreme
penalty of the law, on conviction by a court, for some
misdemeanor.
I confess, when listening to the debate in the House
of Representatives on the Army bill, and when an
amendment was proposed to permit retired officers
to hold civil office, I was pained to hear the remarks
of members, who seemed to think it something very
wrong. A law already exists forbidding the Presi-
dent from putting a retired officer on military duty
of any kind, and by the bill now under considera-
tion it is further proposed that they shall not even
be eligible tosueh petty civil offices near their homes
as their neighbors might choose to elect them to fill.
Senator Cakpentee, a day or two ago, applied to mo
for an order to put on duty a retired officer of his
acquaintance, and I told him it was prohibited by a
law of the present Congress. He was disposed to deny
the existence of such a law, because he said it was
"against humanity," and he would not believe it
until I showed him the law itself. Now, that these
veteran soldiers are barred in one direction it.is pro-
posed to cut them off in another direction, ihe teen-
ate has just confirmed as minister to Spam Gener,
Sickles.who is a retired and crippled officer.isytms
bill he will be ousted, and all qt these officers will bo
debarred from increasing their small pensions b>
earning the fees of civil offices, forwbwhthey may
be eminently fitted, and whose salaries would, it may
