1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
other persons.^ I couM not refuse. 1 repeat
that, in my opinion, a Representative in Con-
gress nas the right to recommend persons to
office in his district, while a Senator, who stands
as judge and juror in the ease, ought not to he
?5 i uPon recommendations to office.
If he wants a person appointed to office he
should go in person-and see the President or
see other persons who have the power and the
right to appoint. It is not in the character or
consistent with the dignity of Senators to be
signing papers of recommendation indiscrim-
inately.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from< Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] is
that the bill be laid on the table, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
• ORDER 01? BUSINJSSS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is now before the Senate,
the morning hour having expired.
Mr. MORTON. I will state that I am not
prepared to proceed this morning with the
consideration of the resolution which is the
unfinished business, and I suggest that it be
informally passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be in-
formally passed over, and morning-hour busi-
ness continued, if "there be no objection.
Mr. McCREERY. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 331.
The VICE PRESIDENT. T'no Chair will
state to the Senator that by unanimous consent
the morning-hour business was to be finished ;
and that business is not yet completed ; reso-
lutions are yet to be called for. That, however,
is a matter subject to the order of the Senate ;
and the Senator from Kentucky moves that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
indicated by liim.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Rhode Island.
Will the Senator suspend his motion that the
Chair may lay before the Senate some com-
munications on his table ?
Mr. McCREERY. If the honorable gentle-
man from Rhode Island will withdraw his mo-
tion for a moment I think that action can be
taken on this bill in a very few minutes.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to the
bill being called up if it will give rise to no
debate.
Mr. McCREERY. I think it will give rise to
no debate.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 withdraw my motion.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating a report froin the Sur-
geon General of the expenditures of the Co-
lumbia Hospital for Women and Lying-in
Asylum ; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating a
statement showing the number of clerks em-
ployed in that Department during the last fiscal
year, and the amount of compensation received
by each; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Surgeon General, communicating a_ state-
ment of expenditures in the construction of
Providence Hospital; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
STATE OF VIRGINIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a letter,
addressed to the Congress of the U nited States,
from the Republican State convention of Vir-
ginia, held on the '24th and 2oth of November,
relative to the elecl.oii in that State on the Oth
of July, 1809.
Mr. SUMNEIl. As that last paper refers to
an important question now before theSeuatel
move that it lie on the table, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARNER. Are there no communica-
tions relative to executive business?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are none
received this day. The Senator from Ken-
tucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DRAKE. I would ask the honorable
Senator from Kentucky to allow me to offer a
resolution, to go over until to-morrow.
Mr. McCREERY. Yes, sir.
Mr. DRAKE submitted the following order:
Ordered, That tho Scrgroant-at-Arms oauso the
floor of tho Sonate to bo cleared of all persons not
entitled to the privileges thereof ten minutos before
the hour fixed for tho opening of each session of tlio
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table until to-morrow.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
i Mr. McCREERY. I move to take np House
; bill No. 381.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
No. 331) to relieve certain persons therein
named from the legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States, and for other
purposes, is now before tho Senate 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjouni.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill is now
upon its second reading, and the Senator from
Vermont moves that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
the second reading of the bill if it has not been
read a second time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has only been
read once.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw my motion,
then, until it has had its second reading.
The bill was read a second time by its title.
Sir. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. McCRKERY. 1 hope tho Senator will
withdraw tho motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you want to pass the
hill to-day?
Mr. McCREERY. Yes, sir ; if you will
withdraw your motion, it can be done in a few
momenta.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 think we had better
pass that bill. It passed the Senate once
before.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know whether
it passed the Senate before or not. I am op-
posed to thatspecies of legislation which hurries
a bill of this kind or any other through without
being considered, and we are in no mood to
consider it now. 1 renew the motion to adjourn.
Tho question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 30, noes 20.
So the motion was agreed to, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 7, 1SG9.
The House met at twelve o'clock ra. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PRINTING OF A HILL.
Mr. CRBBS. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I see by the report of the proceedings
; of yesterday that House bill No. 428, to aid in
j building a soldiers' monument at Mound City,
i Illinois, which I introduced yesterday, was not
ordered to be printed. I would ask unanimous
!j consent that the bill may be printed.
|j The SPEAKER. That is not a question of
j privilege, but the Chair will entertain the
ij request. If there be no objection the bill will
j! be ordered to be printed. The Chairhears no
|l objection, and the bill will he printed,
1 PRUSIDENT'S ANNUAL MKSSACW.
Mr. SCHENCK* I bsqyq ^bat the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, with a view of offering resolutions to
distribute the President's message to the differ-
ent committees.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended ; and
the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the slate of the Union, (Mr.
Ferry in the chair,) and procefdud to the con-
sideration of the President's annual message.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the adoption of
the following resolutions:
Resolved, That so much of the annual message of
tho President of tlio United States to the two Houses
of Congress at the present session, together with the
accompanying documents, as relates to the public
finances and taxation, to tho receipts into the treas-
ury, to the revision of the revenue, to thepublie debt
and public credit, to the ways and means of support-
ing and meeting the liabilities of the Government,
bo referred to tho Committee of Ways and Means.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to tho necessary appropriations for
carrying on tho Government in its several depart-
ments, and to deficiencies in tho appropriations, bo
referred to tho Committee on Appropriations.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to banks and banking and eui rency,
bo referred to tho Committee on liankins: and Cur-
rency.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to commerce and navigation, to an
interoccanie eanol, to the regulation of passenger
ships and to tho protection of passengers, be referred
to tho Commit toe on Commerce.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the public domaiu, be referred u>
the Committee on tho Public Lands.
Resolved, That so much of said messago and docu-
ments as relates to tho Post Office Department, to
land or ocean mail service, and to tho abolition of
the franking privifege, be referred to the Commit-
tee on tho Post Office and Post Roads.
Hesolved, That so much of said message nncl docu-
ments as relates to tho courts and the judiciary, to
the increase of tho salaries of judges, to tho re-
peal of tho tcnure-of-offico bill, and to naturaliza-
tion, bo referred to theCommittoeonthe Judiciary.
Hesolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to tho public expenditures, be re-
ferred to tho Committeo on Public Expenditures.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to agriculture and to tho Depart-
ment of Agriculture, be referred to the Committeo
on Agriculture.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to t ho management of Indian affairs,
be referred to tho Committee on Indian Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to tho Army of tho United Status
and to coast and lake defenses, be referred to ihe
Committeo on Military Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the Navy of tho United States,
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments, and tho accompanying correspondence, as
relate to foreign affairs and questions willi other (gov-
ernments as to international telegraphic commu-
nication, be referred to tho Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the Territories of the United
States, be refcrrod to the Committee on the Terri-
tories.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to pensions and tho Pension
liurean, bo referred to tiie Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to patents and the Patent Office, be
referred to the Committee on Patents.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to expendituics in connection with
the State Department, bo referred to the Committee
on Expenditures m the State Department.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to expenditures in connection with
tho Treasury Department, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the expenditures in connection
with tho War Depaitment,, bo referred to the Com-
mute on Expenditures in tho War Department.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to expenditures in eonncction with
the Navy Department, be referred to the Committee
on Expenditures in the Navy Department.
Retolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to expenditures in connection with
tlio Post Office Department, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the Post Office Depart-
ment.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu*
ments as relates to the militia, bo referred to the
Committeo on the Militia,
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as rcfate3 to roads and canals, be referred to
the Committeo on Roads and Canals^
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the District of Columbia, be
referred to tho Committal Jbr the District if Colum-
bia.
