1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4163
to relinquish the possession of the property they
now hold; that they do not desire to go into the
Indian territory, as this proposition provides
that they may. Understanding that thai crit-
icism had been made, the Secretary of the Inte-
rior some time since instituted an inquiry, and
through the superintendent of the southern
superintendency, which is filled by a gentleman
of most estimable character, a distinguished and
an honored member of the fraternity of Friends
was sent down there to make the inquiry. He
returns to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
a report of the facts in regard to the case, which
I will ask the Clerk to read, and with that I
will conclude my remarks.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Office Superintendent Indian Affairs,
Lawrence, Kansas, Tenth month llf/i, 1869.
Hon.E. S. Parker, Commissioner: ^
I informed them that they signed a treaty last year
whereby they sold their country for 61,600,000, and
were to receive $95,000 annually ; a part for educa-
tion, a part for national and industrial purposes,
and $75,000 for annuity. I said to them that their
" Great Father" had written rue that ho had heard
they were dissatisfied with their treaty and had di-
rected me to ask them if that was so; and if it was
so, he desired to know the reason why they were dis-
satisfied, and that X wanted them to tell, me their
own words and I would tell the same to their (rreat
Father;" that I did not want them to understand
that I was either in favor of the treaty or opposed to
it; that I wanted them to be honest with me and tell
me their own feelings. Their principal chiefs replied
that their minds were scattered, that they would
have to counsel together and make reply to me at
two o'clock. , , . ... ,
At the time appointed they again assembled and
told me they had selected two of their counselors to
inform me in relation to my inquiries. The greater
part of the afternoon was occupied m the lull ex-
pression of their views of the treaty, and from my
information, based upon such free and full expression
(riven by the two counselors, as well as by others,
it is my judgment that the larger portion of the tribe
would prefer the treaty should not be ratified, this
opposition, however, arisca more from aieehng that
by the terms of the treaty they do not receive so
much for their land as they think they ought to, than
from any improper influences fought to bear upon
them by the commissioners. They state that they
were told by the commission that their land would
be overrun by settlers, and that they would event-
ually be obliged to gireit up to them; that they could
not live with the white man. They regard such^^con-
clusion by our Government as bad words. Another
point that had given them uneasiness was that they
had imbibed from some source that thecommissioners,
who they had supposed were authorized by the bov
ernment, had been sent by a railroad company. After
being set right on that point, their
tion was from the price received for the lands, ihey
state however, that whether their preceding treaty
be ratified ornot, they areanxiousto sell their lands
and remove to the Indian country. ^ >
expenses of survey and sale, will hold the proceeds
thereof for the use and benefit of said Indians.^ And
the Secretary of the Interior, under the direction of
the President, is authorized and directed, with the
consent of said Indians, to provide for thera a per-
manent home in the Indian territory,, the cost of
which, and of the removal thereto and for temporary
support thereon, to be deducted from the amount
received from the sales of said lands.
Respectfully, ' ENOCH HOAG,
Superintendent Indian Ajfaivs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the sen-
ator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let it be read.
Mr. POMEROY. It has been read several
times. It is a long amendment. It is the
° M? MORRILL, of Vermont. What does it
involve? _ -i-
Mr. POMEROY. It involves no. expendi-
ture by the Government except what it receives
from the Osage lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
the call for the reading, but I ask for the yeas
and nays. -
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am disposed
to meet this question fairly, and I am disposed
to recognize the fact as to the condition ot
things in Kansas. The Indians probably have
to go. I only want to provide that they shall
. go in some seemly way with their rights re-
jected ; and to that end I move to amend by
striking out all after the enacting clause of the
amendment of the Senator from Kansas, and
inserting: . .
That the United States will <• Tensas
inn/ia nf thp (Wve Indians m the State ot Kansas,
ItlpSIS!
not less than 81 2o per acre, and, altei aec.ucun0
I will say one word in explanation of this
proposition. By the treaty made with these
Indians in 1865 one portion of this territory
was conveyed in trust to the United States for
the Indians, to be sold at the price of $125 an
acre. I propose now that the United States
shall receive the residue of this land in trust
on the same conditions precisely, so that by
treaty and by law the United States shall be
the trustee of these lands, to dispose of them
precisely as was agreed by the treaty, for $1 25
an acre, for the benefit of the Indians, and then
that the Indians shall have a new home pro-
vided for them in the Indian territory.
Mr. POMEROY. Will the Senator from
Maine state the difference between that, only
that it is an immature measure, and the amend-
ment which I have offered ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Sen-
ator desire me to state the difference ?
Mr. POMEROY. I do.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Upon the idea
that there is none?
Mr. POMEROY*. That there is 110 essential
difference.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The difference,
then, is this : by the Senator's amendment he
takes the entire lands, the lands thatwere con-
veyed to the United States in trust aa well as
the oilier lands, at the rate of about eighteen
cents an acre ; and he undertakes, by force of
a law here, to set aside a treaty stipulation by
which the United States agreed to sell those
lands for $1 25 an acre and account to the
Indians. That is a difference, and a difference
not without a distinction, as it seems to me;
and so of all the rest of the lands. W hereas in
his amendment he proposes to provide for these
Indians $1,000,000, after certain deductions
which are provided. I propose that they shall
have SI 25 an acre for their lands, which is
the minimum price, and is the smallest price
which was deemed to be fit for the Government
to offer to them when it took the residue of the
lands in trust.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Maine a question for information,
for accurate information. _ Will he state what
were the terms and conditions of that deed of
trust, when it was executed, how much land it
embraced, what price the Government was to
pay for it, and whether that has ever been can-
celed by virtue of any treaty or contract with
the United States, and upon what ground, if
any, we now have a right to treat that deed of
trust as a nullity and make a new provision ?
I have never seen that deed. I do not know
what the terms of it are ; but I think that I, in
common with the rest of the Senate, would like
to know definitely what there is about that deed
^Mr^MORRILL, of Maine. The deed of
trust the Senator speaks of is a treaty stipula-
tion by which the United States agreed to
receive in trust one portion of the Osage reser-
vation, which amounts to three million acres, 1
think, and by that trust the United States agreed
to sell the land for not less than $1 25an acre.
The trust was, to receive the lands and sell
them at not less than §1 25 an acre, account-
ing to the Indians for the proceeds, ihat
being the treaty stipulation, the United States
having accepted the trust, the answer is that
we have no power, we have no right by this
law, or by any other law, without the consent
of the Indians, to set it aside. We have the
law of force, of course, and that is the law
appealed to in the proposition of the Senator
from Kansas, who says in his amendment,
•'We assume the title to these lands —the
ownership; I believe that is the language—
we assume the ownership of these three mil-
lion acres of lands which heretofore by treaty
were accepted in trust to be disposed of at
$1 25 ; we now assume the ownership of them
and propose to sell them."
Mr. POMEROY. The first sentence of nvy
amendment starts out "With the consent of
the Indians."
Mr. MORTON. Has there been a subse-,
quent treaty annulling this treaty creating this
trust, or is the annulling of the treaty creating
this trust to depend upon a future treaty that
is to be made?
.Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In answer to
that I will say that about the year 1867 or
1868 a treaty was made contemplating the re-
moval of these Indians to the Indian territory,
and substantially embracing the same terms
embraced in the amendment of the Senator
from Kansas. I think that treaty perhaps pro-
vided for paying the Indians $2,000,000, and
agreed to furnish them a home in the Indian
territory, the cost of which was to be deducted
from that price; but that treaty was never rati-
fied, so that there is no treaty stipulation on
the subject, to my knowledge or belief, sincc
1805. It all rests in the old treaty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Maine
to the amendment of the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. IIARLAN. I am not sure but that I
can vote for the amendment proposed by the
honorable Senator from Maine. I desire, how-
ever, to call his attention to one or two facts in
connection with it. The first is that what he
proposes can now bo done under an existing
law if the Indians will agree to it. The six-
teenth article of the treaty of 1865 is in these
words:
" It is also agreed by said contracting parties that
if said Indians should agree to remove from the btace
of Kansas and settle on lands to be provided for them
by the United States in tho Indian territory on such
terms as may boagroed on between the United btates
and the Indian tribes now residing in said territory
or any of thom, then the diminished reservation shall
bo disposed of by the U uited States in thesame man-
ner and for tho same purposes as hereinbeloro pro-
vided in relation to said trust lands"—
The lands referred to by the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana—
"except that fifty per cent, of tho proceeds of tho
,«alo of said diminished reserve may be used by the
United States in the purchase of lands for a suitable
home for said Indians m said Indian territory.
So it will be perceived that there is no diffi-
culty whatever in carrying into effect the pur-
pose contemplated by the Senator from Maine
in the amendment now pending, except the
consent of the Indians. . If they will agree to
it, the law now existing is ample ; it provides
for precisely the same thing in substance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is that the same
treaty which contains the provision of trust ?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir ; the same treaty
precisely. The second article of the treaty
begins in these words ;
" The said tribeof Indians also hereby cede to tho
United States a tract of land twenty miles in width
from north to south, off the north side of the re-
mainder of their present reservation, and extend-
ing its entire length from east to west; which land is
to be held in trust for said Indians, and to be sur-
veyed and sold for their benefit by the becretary ot
tho Interior, under such rules and regulations as he
may from timeto time prescribe, under thodirection
of tho Commissioner of the General band Oflice, as
other lands are surveyed and sold."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now the Sen-
ator will pardon me a moment. I think he is
ri^ht in his suggestion that there is authority,
with the consent of the Indians, provided the
Government would assume to exercise that
trust. But the Senator will perceive that as
to the diminished reservation it would be op-
tional with tho Government to assume the trust
or not. There is the power undoubtedly, the
President and the Indians consenting; and
1 suggest that now my proposition would >e
an expression of Congress, m the way ,
struetions to the executive government, that
it is desirable that the Government suouhl
accept that trust and execute it. Therefoie, I
submit to my honorable tnend, rf it weie n< i
necessarv in any other sense, that tne piopos.-
