1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3219
tract at • leas rate per mile, as ke has done in
several other cases, I do not see why he shoo la
not be allowed to do so.
Mr. POME ROY. And as he has not done
iii several other cases, too.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall not object to the
amendment if the Senator persists in it.
Mr. POMEROY. I have seen contracts let
«t rates hijlier than those established by law.
The Commissioner has these surveying con-
tracts let at the rates fixed by law; but the
work may possibly be done for less.
Mr. HARLAN. I will not object to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have one more amend-
ment to propose. The bill has already been
amended to provide for a new land district.
The amendment which I now offer is merely
tu provide for the appointment of a register
iid<1 receiver for the land district already pro-
vided Tor in the bill, as the committee's amend-
ment does not provide for the appointment of
the officers. This amendment is to add to the
last section of the bill as it now stands:
And then shall l>« a register and a reeaiver ap-
pointed. as provided by law. for the aforesaid land
office; and they shall perform like duties and receive
lb; same amount of compensation as is provided by
Uw for the registers and receiver* of other land
offices in the State of Kansas.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Iowa desire action now on the amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Indian
Affairs to the preamble of the bill ?
Mr. POMEROY. I think the preamble
night all be stricken out.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to the
whole preamble being stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The preamble
will be regarded as stricken out if that course
be not objected to. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and it is stricken out.
Mr. ROSS. I laid upon the table some time
ago an amendment intended to be offered by
nse to this bill as a new section. I now offer
the amendment, and ask that it be read.
The amendment was read, as follows :
Avi be it further enacteil, That the Leavenworth,
Lawrence, and Galveston Railroad Company, the
Aichi'ou, Topek*. and Santa Fe Railroad Company,
tlie Missouri, Fort Scott, and Santa Fe Railroad
Company, the Union Pacific Railway Southern
Branch Company, the Leavenworth and Topeka
Railway Company, and the Lawrence and Neosho
Valley Railroad Company, (corporations duly or-
ganized under the laws of the State of Kansas,)
shaUhare the right to purchase the aforementioned
hnd>, except the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections,
racrTed for school purposes, on the following terms
and conditions,to wit: the Leavenworth,Lawrence,
and Galreston Railroad Company, and the Atchi-
!' n. T'ipeka, and Santa. Fe Railroad Company, may
each purchase five sixteenths of said lands by each
paying $31,250 in cash, and each executing and deliv-
ering its bond for the further sura of $4(58,750; and
tfce Missouri, Fort Scott, and Santa Fe Railroad
Company, and the Lawrence and Neosho Valley
Kailroad Company may each porehnsj one eighth
oftaid lands by each pay ing 512,500 in cash, and each
executing and delivering its bond for the further
no of $187,500; and the Union Pacific Railway
ooathern Branch Com pany, and the Leavenworth
and Topeka Railway Company may each purchase
°n« an teen th of said lands by each paying $6,250,
and e*ch executing and delivering its bond for the
inrther sum of <93,750. Each of said companies shall
® «e its said oash payment and execute and deliver
™ aid bond to the Secretary of the Interior within
ninety days from the passage of this act; and the
™>d of each company shall-be for the payment of
me sam named to the United States, in ten equal
Sth*' 'nsta"ments, with interest, payable annually,
toe rate of five percent, per annum, from the date
Jnereof: and if either of said companies shall fail to
W to the Secretary of the Interior in full said hand
wment, or any part of the principal or interest of
'«t>ond, within thirty days from the date when the
"file becomes due and payable, it shall not be entitled
•Hereafter to receive any part of said lands or of the
Proceeds thereof, as hereinafter provided. TheLeav-
enworth, Lawrence, and Galveston Railroad Com-
ff.T ?"1", within three years from the ratification
"t tan treaty, (or within one year after a railway
oriuge shall have been constructed across the Kan-
1 n7er at or near Lawrence, for the use of said
wivenworth, Lawrence, and Galveston Railroad
iL~®Pany,) Baid company, its successors and assigns,
construct, or permanently control for its use,
«oq operate a continuous line of railway from Fort
"Wenwerth to the southern boundary of the State
el Kansas, via Lawrenea. The Atchison,. Topeka, I
and San taF£ Railroad Company shall, within twelve j
months from the passage of this net, and eneh and .
every year thereafter, construct and equip twenty-
five miles of its railroad from Topeka, via Emporia, j
crossing the Arkansas river on the lauds herein ,
authorised to be sold, to the southern or western
boundary of said lands, in tbo general direction of
Santa Fe. New Mexico. The Lawrence and Neoslio
Valley Railroad Company shall, within eighteen
months after the passage of this act, and each and
every year thereafter, construct and equip twenty-
five milesof its railroad from Lawrence in tho direc-
tion of Emporia until a junction with the Atchison,
Topoka, and Santa Ft; railroad is made. The Mis-
souri, Fort Soott, and Santa Fe Railroad Company
shall, within eighteen months from the passage of
this act, and each and every year thereafter, con-
struct and equip twenty miles of its railroad, until
its line is constructed and equipped from Fort Scott,
Kansas, to a junction with a railroad running west-
ward on the said lands. The Union Paoitioltuilway
Southern Branch Company shall, within eighteen
months from the passage of this act, construct and
equip its railroad from Junction City or Fort Riley
i to its point of intersection with the line of the Leav-
! enworth, Lawrence, and Galveston railroad in tho
! Neosho valley. The Leavenworth and Topeka Rail-
road Company shall, within eighteen months trom
the passage of this act, and each and every year
thereafter, construct and equip twenty-five miles of
its railroad from Leavenworth to Topeka, Kansas.
And said railroad companies shall, after the con-
struction of their said roads, or any part thereof,
always transport for the United States all mai's,
troops, munitions of war. and supplies for troops or
, for Indian tribes, at the same rates as are or may le
prescribed by law for similar transportation on tha t
, Union Pacific railroad. A failure on the part of i
either of said companies to construct any section of
i its line within the time specified above shall work a
i forfeiture of all its rights under .this act. except to
I lands patented to it as hereinafter, provided, unless
1 the President, .with the advice and consent of the
i Senate, for good cause shown, shall consent to an
extension of suoh time. All persons being heads of
families and citizens of tho United States, or mem-
bers of any tribe at peace with the United States, who
have settled on any par t of the said Osage reserva-
tion, and are at the date of the passage of this act
! residing thereon as bona fide settlers, snail have the
privilege, at any time within one year from the date
! hereof, of purchasing from the United States one
hundred and sixty acres, at SI 25 per acre, to be
. selected in a compact body, according to legal sub-
divisions, and to include, as far as practicable, the im-
provements of each settler; all of said lands, except
such as shall be purchased by  ettlersat$l 25 per acre,
as hereinbefore provided, shall, in parcels, as may be
neoessary.be appraised after survey, subject to. the
approval of the Secretary of the Interior, by three
disinterested appraisers, to beappointed by him, who
shall each be paid for services and expenses not ex-
ceeding ten dollars per day, for Uie time actually and
necessarily occupied in the duties of suoh appraise-
ment; and any of said lands not claimed by settlers
may be reappraised, at the request of the company or
companies interested, at the expiration of every two
years: J'rovuled. That no timber land shall ever be
appraised higher than $7 50 an aere; and no prairie
land, lying within ten miles of the located line of
' either of said railroads, higher than five dollars an
acre; and no prairie land, lying more than ten miles
11 from such located line, higher than $2 50 an acre.
I, Whenever any section or sections of not less in all
, i than twenty-five milesof either ofsaid railroads shall
i! have been constructed and equipped, and notice
' I thereof given to the Secretary of the Interior, heshall
i ascertain by the report of three disinterested com-
1 missioners, to be appointed by him, whether such sec-
tion is completed and equipped asagoodandefficient
I railroad; and if satisfied of thatfactheshallaccept
;■ such section. Each of suoh commissioners shall be
; paid not more than ten dollars per day, and neces-
' sary traveling expenses during the time actually
i occupied in traveling to and from and inspecting
such section. All expenses of such surveys, appraise-
ments, and inspections shall be paid by th^Secretary
of the Interior out of the proceeds of sales of the
lands to settlors, or out of the hand payment made
by the said companies, and shall be appropriately
charged to the respective companies, and reimbursed
by them at the next payment of interest or priuci-
Eal of said bonds, or, when said bonds shall have
ecn paid, shall be reimbursed from the proceeds of
sales of said lands to settlers. All of such lands
except such as are settled upon and shall have been
purchased as hereinbefore provided shall be and
remain open to settlement, preemption, and pur-
chase, as follows; any head of a family, having
made such settlement on said lands ns is required
of precmptors, may purchase, at the land office of
tho proper district, a quarter section, or less, in legal
subdivisions, to include his improvements, by pay-
ing one half of the appraised value of the land
claimed in cash, within one year from the date of
such settlement, and the balance within one year
j after such first payment; Provided, That no such
■ preemption or purchase shall include, more than
i forty acres of timber land: And provided further.
That the lands of the reserve shall not be open to
such settlement or preemption until after the date,
to be fixed by the Secretary of the Interior, for the
selection by the Osuges of their lands in severalty,
• as hereinafter provided. The proceeds of all sales to
; settlers, after deducting therefrom amounts charge-
I able to the said companies, shall be credited to them
j severally, pro rata, as payments on the amounts next
I thereafter falling due on the principal or interest of
their respective bonds. When the whole of the bond
and interest and proportion of expenses due from
either of said railroad companies shall have been
fully and punotually paid as herein provided, and
when the whole of tho lines of railroad herein
required to be built shall havo been completed,
equipped,  nd accepted, ns herein provided, theSec-
retary of the Interior shall cause to be selected, re-
served from sale and patented to each company, its
duo proportion in average valuo of all the lands
herein authorized to be sold, which at that date re-
main unsold to settlers; and shull ulso pay over to
caoh company its proportion of any proceeds of sales
to settlers remaining or accruing, to its credit after
! its bond and interest and expenses have been fully
paid, aa aforesaid: Provided, That no patent shall
issue to any such company for any land on which
part paymont hnsbeen made byasett.ler.unlesssiieh
settler shall fail to make final payment when due;
and the Seoretary of the Interior, for good cause
shown, may extend tho tiino for final payment by
any settler: And provided further. That each patent
issued to suoh company shall contain the condition
that the lands therein conveyed shall be sold by said
company within five years from the date thereof,
and in default of such salo tho lands so patented
shall revert to the United States, to be sold in trust
for the benefit of tho Osages. And no patent shall
issue to any grantee of such company. If either or
any number of said companies less than the wholo
shall forfeit its or their rightof purchase,ns herein-
before provided, the other company, or either or all
of the other companies, which shall have performed
all tho requirements hereof, may, with the approval
of the Secretary ofthe Interior, within sixty dnys
from the date of such forfeiture, (and notice thereof
given by the Secretary of the Interior to all of said
companies.) assume all tho obligations herein im-
| posed on the company or companies forfaiting, and
be entitled to all the rights and privilege* forfeited,
subject to all the conditions herein prescribed. But in
case such forfeiture occurs, and no other company is
so admitted to the privileges forfeited, then the Scc-
[ retary of the Interior shall sell the lands to which
such oompany would have been entitled under tho
j | provisions hereof to actual settlers, at such appraise-
i ment as he shall approve, and on the terms of pay-
ment hereinbefore prescribed; and after deducting
the proportion of expenses of survey and appraise-
ment which would have been otherwise chargeable
to such company, shall invest the proceeds for tho
benefit of the Osages, as hereinbefore provided. If
either of said companies shall consolidate with, or
assign its franchises to, any other company legally
anthorized to construct the line of railroad herein
required to be built by it, such other company shall
be subrogated to all the rights and obligations under
this act of such company herein named: And pro-
vided alto. That tho said Osage Indians shall have
the right to select lands in severalty on the said res-
ervation; not theretofore selected and occupicd by
settlers, to the extent of one hundred and sixty acres
for each head of a family, and eighty acres eaeh for
all other persons, belonging to the raid tribe, and
the same shall be patented to the person so selecting,
or to his or her guardian, if a minor Or incompetent,
the lands so selected and patented to he inalienable,
except by the consent of the President. All moneys
paid to the United States for the said lands shall ba
applied, on the hand payments herein required, to
the credit of the several companies signifying their
acceptance of these propositions, and in the propor-
tions hereinbefore indicated.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer the following
amendment to the amendment, to be added
to it:
Provided, That the taid several sums shall in the
aggregate amount to alarger sum of money than can
be obtained for said lands at public sale in quarter
sections after the same shall have, been fully adver-
tised under the direotion of the Secretary of the In-
terior: And provided further. That the Secretary of
the Interior shall report to the next session of Con-
gress that the above proviso has been faithfully com-
plied with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Dela-
ware to the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to ; there being, on a division—ayee 23,
noes 21.
Mr. ROSS. I should, like to have the yeas
and nays on that proposition. I do not think
it was the intention of the Senate to agree to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas calls for the yeas and nays on: the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let me suggest
to the Senator that he can have the yeas and
nays in the Senate after the bill shall have been
reported from the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ROSS. Very well; I withdraw the call
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment is agreed to; and the ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Kansas as amended.
