1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
weighers, gangers, measurers, and everything
else connected with the custom-house depart-
ment. As the Committee on Finance has taken
charge of the bills of the Committee on Com-
merce I wish to give notice that I hope the
Senate will vote this bill on, for I have twenty-
one more that I shall put oil with this, or at-
tempt to put on. The Committee on Commerce
has twice reported against this scheme, and
twice the Senate has indefinitely postponed it.
But as I have twenty-one more bills, and see
110 other way to get them through, I give notice
that 1 shall move the other twenty-one after
this has been voted on, in their order.
Mr. DRAKE. You will get them on!
[Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall try to. I am very
much obliged to the Committee on Finance for
taking charge of the business of the Committee
on Commerce, as we have not been able to get
time to have our bills acted on, and this will
facilitate it very much. I shall move the other
twenty bills after this is voted on, if this shall
be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin, striking out "one hundred and."
Mr. HOWE. 1 say to the Senator from Illi-
nois that if these goods can be transported to
one town without danger to the revenue they
can to another.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not deny that.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Ohio over
the way [Mr. Thurman] says that is not the
difficulty; but it .increases the expense because
there must be the officers at these places. The
Senator from Ohio sitting by me [Mr. Sher-
man] says, what is manifestly true, that just
as this work is done at one port it is relieved
at another port, and you reduce the officers at
one port as you increase them at another. If
the purpose of this plan is to build up one town
at the expense of another, 1" am against it. If
it is to facilitate the commerce of this country
and the business of this country, I am for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have but a word to say
in regard to this amendment. Applying this
provision to cities of one hundred and fifty thou-
sand inhabitants excludes Cleveland, which
contains over one hundred thousand and has a
large trade ; but I am willing to see that done
iu order to see this experiment tried at the three
great interior cities of Cincinnati, St. Louis,
and Chicago, together with the coast cities
of Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and New
Orleans; and I have no doubt that this will
prove to be a very great success, and that
Louisville, Detroit, and Milwaukee will cer-
tainly be added hereafter without any material
increase of expense. Indeed, I look on this
measure in its final results as largely increasing
the commerce, largely increasing our revenue.
I do not expect to convince anybody at this
hour of the night. I want to see this experi-
ment fairly tried, and I hope the Senator from
Wisconsin will not embarras's it now.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to strike out, in
lines seven and eight, the words^ "containing
more than one hundred and fifty thousand
inhabitants," and to insert in line nine, after
the word "importations" the words "in the
discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury
so as to read:
Which are shown by the manifest of the importing
vessel to be destined for any city in a collection
district more interior than the port of original lm-
lioiiation, in the discretion of the Secretary ot tile
Treasury, or destined for a place m either liurope,
Australia, or Asia, via the United States, may be
immediately conveyed to their destination in the
maimer prescribed by tliis act.
If this system is to be adopted, I believe it
is better to leave it in the discretion of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
not persist in that amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to apply this be-
tween San Francisco and Portland, in Oregon,
if it is adopted. Otherwise I shall oppose the
proposition. If it is good anywhere it is good
there. I have seen the ill effects there, and
the merchants have complained greatly of the
retention of goods in San Francisco, six weeks
sometimes, where they had to be opened and
examined. By this plan they could be put
right on board ship and taken to Portland with-
out trouble.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon to the amendment.
The amendment to' the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the order be
changed requiring us to meet at eleven o'clock
fo-morrow. It is now nearly twelve o'clock.
'Oh, no!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
eot.) That motion can be entertained only
by unanimous consent.
Several Senators objected.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to amend the
amendment by adding what I send to the
Chair.
The Chief Clerk commenced to read as fol-
lows :
And be it further enacted, That Willi ant .1 loop cr,
Miles Greenwood, Alexander Ferguson, lJhiiip Kei-
delbach, 11. M'. Bishop, Joseph Kmsey. Lewis Wortli-
ington, Joseph C. Butler, James L. Haven, John
Shilito, William Penn Nixon, and Charles W. Moul-
ton, of the State of Ohio 
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The question being put, there wore, on a
division—ayes 19, noes 21.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendment offered by Mr. Chaxdlhu.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will interrupt, the read-
ing of that long enough to make an appeal to
the Senator from Michigan. Of course he can
offer, twenty bills, and so could any of us.
When the Senator has a bill under consider-
ation and I come into the Senate and have here
a dozen Bills from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, suppose I got up and offered one after
another on any bill that they were not appro-
priate to. The Senator knows very well that
asingle individual, under our mode of proceed-
ing m the Senate, where there has never or
very seldom been any effort to delay a measure
iu that way, has it in his power to delay and
obstruct business. He certainly does not wish
to set an example that would put it in the
power of any individual Senator, by taking the
tiles of our bills and offering them one alter
another, to interrupt the general business of
the Senate. The Senator ccrtainly will not
persist in that.
Mr. CHANDLER. This bill has been on
my files all winter ; I mean the one now offered
by the Senator from Missouri. It is a long
bill. It is not one of the most important, but
it is the least important of any bill I have on ;
my list; and to put it on this tax bill seems to i
me to be an outrage absolutely. I have a I
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury in [
regard to it. The Secretary of the Treasury I
says: ,
" I am iu recoipt of your communication of the 3d, j
inclosing, by direction of the Committee on Com- '
merce of the Senate, Senate bill No. fl)3, to regulate .
the appraisement and inspection of imports in cer- 1
tain cases, and for other purposes, on which you !
request my views relative to the necessity of the I
legislation therein proposed. The features of the ;
measure ill quo-lion do not, in any essential pjirtie- :
ular, differ from those proposed in Senate bill JMo. <
370."
The papers in regard to that bill are in the ,
hands of the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. :
Kellogg;] but here is a synopsis of this bill j
sent by the Secretary of the Ireasury.
Mr. STEWART. Recollect that you are
talking under the five-minutes rule.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will have my amend-
ment read if you prefer that. _
Mr, HAMILTON, of Maryland. I rise to
a question of order, and beg to make a sugges-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan will take his seat until the
question of order is stated.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I suggest
to the honorable Senator from Michigan that
if he undertakes to offer this kind of bills gen-
tlemen on this floor cannot be bo.und by the
five-minutes rule. I am willing to stand up to
any agreement as well as any gentleman ; but
who ever heard of such a thing as offering
amendments of this kind?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair '
has had his attention called to the bill offered
as an amendment by the Senator from Mich-
igan. It is incorporating a railroad company
not germane to the bill before the Senate, and
it cannot be received.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have got eight or ten
bills that are germane. I will find one that is.
Let tile Senate listen to the reading of^ the
synopsis of this bill and the objections of the
Secretary of the Tieasury ; then, if you pass
it, I shall have nothing more to say. I will
withdraw the amendment if you will hear ellis
paper. ["Agreed."]
The Chief Cleuk. "Memorandum in rela-
tion to Senate bill No. 372, entitled 'A bill to
regulate the appraisement and inspection of
imports in certain cases, and for other pur-
poses.' " Section one provides—-
Mr. STOCKTON. I rise to apoint of order.
I desire to ask the Chair what is before the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is the amendment moved
by the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. STOCKTON. What is that amend-
ment?
Mr. CHANDLER. A bill on which that is
a report from the Treasury Department.
Mr. STOCKTON. Is this matter now sug-
gested by the Senator from Michigan germane
to that amendment?
Mr. CHANDLER. I have withdrawn what
is considered not germane, on condition that
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
should be read upon the bill which the Com-
mittee on Commerce had reported back to the
Senate, and which is now moved on this tax
bill. On condition that the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall be read I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I rise to a question of
order. Since the decision just made by the
Chair, that the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Michigan is not in order, 1 insist
that the bill which has been proposed by the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Seiiunz} is not. in
order. This is a bill to reduce taxation, to
reduce internal revenue taxes, and to reduce
the tariff; and here is an attempt to put np< n
this a bill, in the shape of au amendment, that
creates a new system Cor the collection of duties
in the United States——
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remark that it lias been the custom of
the Senate to receive on bills of this charac-
ter subjects which were not germane. While
the Chair thjnks it is not strictly parliamentary,
that lias been the custom of the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I thought the Chair just
decided the other way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
afor from Michigan should insist on moving
his amendment the question could be presented
whether the Senate would sustain the Chair.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should liketo have the.
Senate understand the views of the Depart-
ment before voting on this question. It is a
very important measure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am satisfied that the
Senate does not understand what the Senator
from Michigan has in view. The subject re-
lating to the transportation of merchandise was
before the Committee on Commerce, and the
Senator from Michigan has a letter from the
