mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
317
41st Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Schenck.
Ho. of Reps.
ment that must be which shrinks from building
up anything, from helping anybody, from ad-
vancing any interest even by accident! No, my
colleague not only denies us incidental, but he
will not let us have even accidental protection.
"Incidental protection " used to be the favor-
ite phrase, but he goes one step further, inten-
sifies the idea, and then deplores it if we should
by any chance, and without cost or increased
burden get advantage to any interest in the
country.
We must not have any protection by dis-
crimination, says my colleague; and why? I
remember his line of argument. He claimed
that protection to be of any avail must so far
be prohibition, and that all prohibition being
wrong there should therefore be no protec-
tion. Now, let us loot at that. According to
such reasoning you cannot shut out cholera
or tho small-pox. You cannot refuse to let
cattle be brought in that have the rinderpest.
You cannot prohibit the importation of ven-
omous snakes. You must put so many dollars
or so many cents of duty on the head of each
serpent, or else let the snakes come in free. I
have no such narrow idea of the Constitution
of the United States as that. Under its wise
provisions and distinctly given authority we
can not only levy taxes and pay debts, but
regulate commerce and provide for the gen-
eral welfare. I believe it is a mere question
of discretion, a discretion to be properly exer-
cised, to prohibit anything from coming which
may be hurtful to the country, or to prescribe
the conditions on which anything shall come
in. "VVe may say that whatever it is desirable
to have, and upon which we do not want to
raise revenuei shall come in free; we may
impose duties upon any class of articles we see
fit; and we may discriminate between the
different classes of those articles, so as to let
some come in at a higher and some at a lower
rate of duty. That is my idea; and I venture
to say that such is not only the practice of this
Union and of all civilized nations, but that it
has been the true and unvarying interpretation
of our Constitution, settled and declared first
by those who made that instrument, and ad-
hered to by all parties, Administrations, and
Congresses ever since.
But this, Mr. Chairman, is after all but
clearing the way to come to what I think we
are really called upon to discuss here, and
that is the bill presented from the Committee
of Ways and Means. What is this bill? It
does not purport to be a general revision of
the tariff in all its various provisions, and with
reference to the many articles which are sub-
ject to duties. And yet, as I explained once
before on the introduction of the bill, in mak-
ing a revision to the extent to which we do go,
and presenting the amendments which we have
offered from that committee, wo have been
compelled to examine the whole tariff of the
country, item by item, and decide according
to the best lights we had before us where a
duty should be taken off entirely ; where—and
that was in very few cases—we thought the
duty could with propriety be raised a little;
and where—which was a very numerous class
of cases—it might be well to lower the rate.
Such is the bill which we have presented for
the consideration of the House.
Now, some persons thinking, I suppose, that
every child must have a godfather, have called
ihis "the Schenck bill;" and I have drawn
down upon ray head, because I have had to be
the organ through which the committee has
made its report, a liability to be responsible
for everything which the report contains. Lee
me say just here that that is not exactly fair in
regard to any proposed act; but least, of all is
it fair as to a long bill like this made up of a
great variety of details and items. If we had
waited for some member of the committee,
consisting as you know of nine members, to
report such a bill, who agreed entirely to what
had been done by the committee in reference
to every particular article and clause in it, no
bill ever would have been reported. Inasmuch
as the bill was the work of the committee jointly,
each item in it being settled by the vote of a
majority of the committee, while different
items were opposed by different individuals,
it was necessary that some one standing, not
as sponsor for the whole bill and every part
of it, but as the organ of the committee,
should bring our joint and common work before
the House; and as the chairman of-the com-
mittee, it fell upon me to do that, and I have
done it. Therefore, that gentlemen may not
misunderstand my action, I give them notice
now that there are things in this bill which I
am not in favor of. But I do not feci called
upon on that account to cornc hero and make
war upon the whole work of the committee.
I shall feel free when the particular in-
stances come before the House, where there
has been this difference of opinion among the
committee, to reserve to myself, as others of
the committee will reserve to themselves, the
right to vote against what was the decision of
the majority of the committee. I was, for in-
stance—and I give it simply as an illustration,
and, the work being over now, it is not betray-
ing any secret of the committee—I was for
reducing the tariff' on coal 20 per cent. The
majority of the committee was not of that
opinion, and we report the bill, therefore, with-
out any amendment of the rate of duty on that
article, leaving it as it now is under the exist-
ing law.
There is another way in which this bill has
been most unfairly attacked ; perhaps I should
say stigmatized and abused, rather than at-
tacked, for an attack among sensible and hon-
orable men implies some reason in the Oppo-
sition. All through the country it has been
called " a bill of abominations;" it has been
denounced as " that atrocious Schenck tariff
bill.'' We who are connected with it by name
or otherwise have seemed to excite pity in the
minds of some who are most friendly to us,
and triumphant expectation on the part of
those who are unfriendly, that now we have
dug our political graves. Sir, I have no ap-
prehension of that. 1 rely confidently on the
thoughtful good sense and justice of the peo-
ple against unmeaning clamor, however per-
sistent. Who are they that talk of this as an
"atrocious bill," an '• infamous bill," a"bill
of abominations?" I undertake to aver that
they are generally those who do notknoworun-
derstand what is in our bill. I am afraid some
of them do not care to understand. It is not
forty-eight hours since I cross-examined one
gentleman upon this point, who was free and
fierce in his denunciations of1' high protection,"
aud who thought that this, that, arid the other
article ought to have the tariff upon it lowered.
I found that he did not know, and in answer to
my questions he was compelled to admit that
ho did not, how much revenue was raised from
either of the articles he named, or what was
the rate of duty upon either of tjiem. And
that has been not unseldom the mode of attack
to which we have been subjected.
I do not apply this to gentlemen generally
in this House ; for we have had here agaiust
a system of protection, as well as for it, able,
clear, and dispassionate arguments. _ But I do
feel called upon to say, and justified in saying,
that such has been the general temper and
character of the criticisms—if criticism it can
be considered—of our work throughout the
country and in thepublie press. Letter-writers
and editors, enlisted in the free-trade war, seem
to have thought that some personal peculiarity
of some member of the committee, the length
of his nose, it may be, or the color of his hair,
some disparaging or ridiculous nickname ap-
plied to him, was an argument against this
bill and proof that it ought not to have any
favor. God help us when such slang and cant
and tirades can he accepted in place of reason
and facts!_ I will not insult legislators, mem-
bers of this House of liepresentatives, by sup-
posing that their decisions are to be thus influ-
enced or controlled.
There are a great many difficulties attending
the making or mending of a tariff, and I wish
some of these gentlemen who can stand up
here and do what it is always so easy to do—
criticise, pull down, object—had been them-
selves submitted to the test of trying to do the
same work. Most of tho members of this House,
whatever the country may know or not know
about it, are aware of the fact that the nine gen-
tlemen composing the Committee of Ways and
Means have been subjected to confinement and
labor almost equal to the pains and penalties of
imprisonment in a penitentiary, day after day,
week after week, and month after month, in
endeavoring to reconcile with prudent provision
at the same time for the public good, all the
different claims presented by persons coming
from different parts of the country, and repre-
senting the different interests and pursuits of
our people. In the course of this investigation
and task I have found one thing pretty certain,
and that is that every man of every party, who
has any article or interest to be protected, de-
sires that it shall have such advantage in fullest
measure, but is too often perfectly willing to
join in tho cry that nobody else shall have the
benefit of like protection. If there has been
anything that seemed to me sometimes to ex-
ceed the sefishness of the manufacturers who
wanted everything that they made covered by a
good, high tariff, but everything out of which
they made it to come in free, or at the lowest
rate, it has been the selfishness of the im-
porters who wanted no tariff at all, or none
which should interfere with their bunging in,
in the conduct of their trade, anything they
pleased, or from which they could make profit,
from abroad. The truth is, that at every turn,
when seeking for information, we have had to
encounter this natural bias of selfish and per-
sonal interest—generally honest, sometimes
disingenuous in the representations made to
us—but, always to be watched and allowed for
as an element in our calculations.
Out of this material we have made the bill
which we have presented to you, and in fram-
ing it wo have endeavored to never lose sight
either of the Government, which requires rev-
enue, or of the people who consume what is
imported, or of the industry or capital which
is entitled to be encouraged and cherished
wherever that can be properly done.
And now will you permit me to tell you of
two or three of the leading features of this bill,
and something of its form and character? t
think I have an illustration here which I shall
use as bearing directly upon one point to which
I have called your attention- -the criticism to
which we have been subjected without reason.
There was laid upon our desks but a day or
two since a printed paper headed "Rates of
duty on steel locomotive tires." The author
of that paper, after reciting the different duties
laid by the acts of 18G1, 18G2, and 1S64, upon
steel locomotive tires, proceeds to say :
" Tile act now before the House of Representatives
and being discussed raises the present excessive rate
ot duty from 3 cents to 4 cents per pound, and thus
unduly burdens the farming and geneial industrial
interests of the country through the railroads.-"
These parties are always very tender-hearted
about farmers ! This disinterested gentleman,
who of course imports or uses locomotive tires,
probably does not know a plow from a horse-
rake.
He then winds up by saying:
"The following is the language of the act now
under consideration, controlling the rate of duty on
S£eel •
" ' On steel of circular shapes or forma, and on steel
