20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
Resolved, That so much of said message as relates
to the eon&ition and relation of tbo national gov-
ernment of the States of Georgia and Virginia, be
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the subject of froedmen and
freedmen's affairs, be referred to tho Committee on
Freedmen's Affairs. ,
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to coinage, weights, and measures,
be referred to the Committee on Coinage, Weights,
and Measures.
Retolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the Bureau of. Education, be
referred to the Committee on Education and Labor.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the census, bo referred to the
select Committee on tho Census.
It is not my purpose in submitting these res-
olutions to ask the attention of the committee
to any remarks with reference to the Presi-
dent's message and the various subjects it
embraces, to be made either for myself or on
behalf of the committee which I represent. The
resolutions which I submit have been prepared
in the ordinary form which has prevailed on
such occasions,while at the same time the par-
ticular subjects which are contained in this, as
distinguished from other messages, are pointed
out, so as to make the resolutions especially
applicable to the message we have now under
consideration. These resolutions have been
read in the Committee of Ways and Means,
and I am permitted to say have the approba-
tion of that committee as proper to be offered
at this time, in order to a speedy distribution
of the subjects on which the message treats.
With this explanation 1 shall be content, if it
please the Committee of the Whole, to have a
vote taken upon the resolutions at once, with
a view to having the discussion of tho special
subjects as they may come up hereafter; but if
there be any gentleman who desires to beheard
at large in that wide field of debate which is
opened by the submission of the President's
message and of the resolutions for the distri-
bution of its topics among the committees, of
course I will yield the floor to him. I hope,
however, that the question may be taken at
once, so that the subjects of the message may
be distributed and come up in succession dur-
ing the session on which we have entered. We
may thus dispose of these various subjects,
without a protracted general debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole, now. This view I would
submit to the consideration of the House. I
have no desire on the subject myself except to
expedite the business.
Mr. NIBLACK. I should like to have read
again the resolutions distributing the message
as between the Committee of Ways and Means,
the Committee on Banking and Currency, and
the Committee on Appropriations. I was out
at the moment when these resolutions were
read, and desire to have them read again for
information.
The CHAIRMAN. They will be read.
Tho Clerk read the resolutions referred to
by the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] yield to me for an inquiry?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. COX. I wish to inquire whether the
Committee of Ways and Means is charged with
the consideration of the question of the re-
sumption of speeie payments referred to in
the message, or does the Committee on Cur-
rency and Banking have charge of that matter
under these resolutions?
Mr. SCHBNCK, There is no special refer-
ence made to that in the resolutions which have
been offered. The subject seems to occupy
a sort of debatable ground between the two
committees; because legislation in reference to
the public credit and bonds and securities may.
and probably would, involve with it some refer-
ence to tho means by which we may resume
speeie payments. In the same way legislation
in regard to the currency must also look in
gome degree to the same thing, and I had sup-
posed that without entering upon debatable
ground of that kind it would be better to leave
the two committee,? to endeavor bycommunica-
tion with each other to dispose of that sub-
ject with some degree of unanimity of action
between themselves.
Mr. COX. I made the inquiry of the gen-
tleman for the purpose of reserving the ques-
tion hereafter for the decision of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. It may be the House will
think proper to raise another committee j I do
not know; I hope it may not be considered
necessary. But it is not needful that we-enter
upon the question now which properly has juris-
diction of this matter; it connects itself with
the operations, the business, and duties of both
committees.
Mr. WOOD. I should like to hear read the
resolution referring that portion of the Pres-
ident's message relating to the interoceanic
canal.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Resolved. That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to commercc and navigation, to an
intcroeeanic canal, to the regulation of passenger
ships, and to the protection of passengers, be referred
to tho Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WOOD. I would suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
that the Committee on Foreign Affairs would
bea more appropriate committee, as there are
certain questions relating to treaties with for-
eign nations which have to be settled before we
can begin to consider the propriety of having
an interoceanic canal through American en-
terprise. I suggest to the chairman that he
modify his resolutions so as either to refer that
subject to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
instead of the Committee on Commerce, or to
divide the duty between the two committees.
Mr. SCHENCK. In preparing these reso-
lutions it was a subject of some thought to
which committee it would be most appropriate
to give this particular subject. We had given
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs what re-
lates to communication by ocean telegraphs
between this and foreign countries because, as
we learn from the message, that question is or
is likely to be the subject of negotiation, at
least between this Government and that of
France, if not between this Government and the
Governments of other countries than France.
But we do not know of any question properly
or necessarily to be considered by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs which connects itself
with this matter of a canal across the Isthmus
of Darien; and as it is purely a matter of
great commercial interest we thought it best to
refer that subject to the Committee on Com-
merce. It will be for the Committee of the
Whole to determine whether we acted wisely
or not. We regarded the Committee on Com-
merce as the appropriate committee for the
consideration of this particular subject. I
yield to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Lynch.]
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that the subjects which these resolu-
tions provide shall be referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce ought properly to be divided,
as a portion of the matter belongs properly to
the select Committee on American Navigation
Interests. In the resolution to which I now
have reference the gentleman from Ohio has
included not only matters belonging to the
Committee 011 Commerce, but some which
properly belong to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and also some which should be referred
to the Commitlee on the Post Office and Post
Boads; for instance, the question as to grant-
ing subsidies to ocean steamers. I think that
the subjects embraced in the resolution should
be divided, and that so much of the message
as relates to our foreign commerce and our
navigation interests should be referred to the
select Committee on American Navigation
Interests.
Mr. O'NEILL. Will tho gentleman from
Ohio yield to me?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will in a moment, after
I have replied to the gentleman from Maine;
[Mr: Lynch.]
I desire to say to the gentleman from Maine
that I have two reasons for preferring the refer-
ence to the Committee on Commerce. I hare
explained the reason of our selection as be-
tween the Committee on Commerce and tlx?
Committee on Foreign Affairs, bat I prefer the
Committee on Commerce to the committee
named by the gentleman—the committee, io
relation to navigation interests—because ,tlie
Committee on Commerce is one of the stand-
ing committees of the House; and in the dis-
tribution of the general subjects contained in
the President's- message preference is usually
given, and with propriety, to the standing com-
mittees wherever their duties cover the subjects
embraced in the message. In the .next place,
as I understand, this Committee on Navigation
was created for the purpose of looking into the
causes of the decline in the prosperity of Ameri-
can shipping interests; and it seems to me that
while the committee has a very broad scopc of
inquiry there is not in its organization or the
duties assigned to it'anything necessarily em-
bracing this peculiar and specific subject, a
communication between the Pacific and the
Atlantic.
I now yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. O'Nbiix,] who I think represents
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. O'NEILL. I will now yield the floor
to the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, if the resolu-
tion only covered what the gentleman has stated,
only interoceanic communication, it would
properly belong to the Committee on Com-
merce ; but it embraces a good deal more than
that. It embraces the very subject that was
referred to this committee and which it is now
investigating. My suggestion to the gentleman
from Ohio is to separate that portion from the
resolution, and refer to the Committee on Com-
merce that portion which properly belongs to
that committee. There is a part of the subject-
matter referred to the select Committee oil
Navigation Interests which might properly be-
long to the Committee of Ways and Means. A
part of it belongs also to the Committee oh
Commerce; and, as I have already said, a part
of it would belong to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, for that committee
had the matter of subsidies to ocean steamers
before it at the last session as well as at pre-
vious sessions, and I believe reported on it. Arid
it was for that reason, I apprehend, that the
House put this general subject into the hands
of the select committee. I only ask that '30
much of the message as refers to the matter
specially referred to this committee be referred
to it, and that the other portions properly
belonging to the different standing committees
be referred to them.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania in a moment.
It strikes me, Mr. Chairman, that nothing has
been said which ought to induce me to modify
the resolution in relation to the reference to
the Committee on Commerce, and I can only
hope, if the gentleman wishes to bring up the
question, that he will offer some specific amend-
ment to that clause among the resolutions.
Mr. WOOD. One word.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I will yield for inquiry.
Mr. WOOD. I will pat what I wish to say
in the shape of an inquiry. I ask whether
Congress can begin to consider the question
of this canal until a treaty has been made, and
further^ whether the Committee on Foreign
Affairs is not the proper committee to consider
a question of that character?
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose Congress may
consider this subject before any additional
treaty stipulation other than those which now
exist. There is sufficient understanding now
and agreement between the countries on the,
Isthmus and the United States to have author-
ized this Government, with the permission of
