2276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
be, enable them to support their families. While the
cry goes forth extending liberty and the franchise to
all races and to all kinds of uien it is proposed to
deny them to the very soldiers who sacrificed their
limbs and their bodies to attain the result.
In England, and motherlands which we call "des-
potic," the yeteran officers and soldiers aie eligible
oven to Parliament, as well as to ail other civil olhccs,
and are universally appointed to the civil list, with-
out limit or prohibition, and without losing tbeir
half pay. Whatreason is there that a retired oiheer,
whom the President cannot appoint to military du-
ties, may not bo a postmaster oi' his village, marshal
orsherilfof his county, a judge or magistrate, or hold
some of tho hundred thousand civil offices that ne-
cessarily exist under our Geueral, State, county and
municipal Government. When X recall that m 1865
our national Government was paying $300 bounty
for soldiers, and some of our States, counties and
towns swellod it to $1,000, and when our countrymen
were shouting aloud the praise .of our officers and
men, I little dreamed that to such as had the mis-
fortune to be maimed and crippled would bo denied
the simple privilege oi enjoying the salaries of civil
officers in addition to such limited ponsions as tho
Government could afford. Then nothing was too
good lor tho valiant officer and soldier; now, how
changed 1 General Logan intimates that the aggre-
gate rcductionof expenses by this bill will be $3,000,-
oOOayear. I assert that this bill makes no reduction
of expense at all, lor he himself says that the princi-
ple of this bill is to take from higher and to give tho
lower grade of officers, and the hill touchcs no other
items of expense.
Death is already doing his work among our vet-
erans, it being susceptible of proof that tho death
rate among officers and soldiers of the lato war,
though they may have escaped tho bullet., is at least
double what is tho case with civilians oi like ago and
condition who stayed at home. The number ol
officers left in excess of tho organization one year
ago was 022; tho number in c^eess to-day is 485,
showing a diminution by death, <fce., of 1;'h. There
arc 105 vacancies iu the grade of second lieutenant,
which can be hllcdlrom this list by allowing two iirst
lieutenants to a company, and the extrauaptains, us
now lor Indian service, until tho aggregate comes
down by ordinary casualties to tho standunl oi law.
There are Go v acaueics, in tho btalf corps of tho Army,
which would be iilled by promotion, s nd from this
list ii tho legal prohibition were repealed. Thus 25U
oi tho present surplus will be absorbed, and there
will remain m excess only 235 of these. I am free to
confess the Aruiy can sparo 100 or more by reason of
their proven unfitness for military service, leaving
for the last year, bo that theiois no good reason why
the surplus only 1H3, which is less than thocasual ties
Congress should forcibly muster out any of these
officers on the pleaoi economy. Wo have plenty of
work, and more too, for every man now on the Army
ilegister who is willing and lit for his profession, i
assert that since the close of the civil war no class
of our peoplo has conformed more checrl'ully to tho
demand for economy on tho part of the General Gov-
ernment than tho Army itself, and no class of men
ever surrendered back tho exercise of power and
authority with more grace and patriotism than its
oincors.
Tne very instance which General Logan quotes is
proof of this. Many captains and many subalterns
but a few years ago were leading brigades m battle
or commanded divisions. Congress in the reduction
of generally allowed them to prescribe their
insignia of rank at their own expense, so that tho
wtiapof a major general may be seen, as Geneial
Logan says, in the rank and file. Can this be a cause
ibr a sneer on the floor of Congress ? Is it notrather
a source of national pride that we have in our ranks
as captains and lieutenants men who in war liavo
already proved that they are qualified for higher
command? At all events, there can be no economy in
this, tor tho law clearly provides that an officer shall
m no event receive one cent additional pay by rea-
son of the simple privilege of wearing the shoulder-
strap of his former grade. That only tells his fel-
low-soldiers that ho had once commanded a brigade,
or may be a division, in battle.
I admit the brevet system was shamefully abused
about tho closo of the war; that brevet rank was
lavishly and recklessly bestowed.it may be in reward
ior political service, lor family influence, and for
other objects never sanctioned by the Army itself.
This was not tho act of the Army, but ot Congress or
of the President of tho United States, who may thus
havo cheaply rewarded men who had never heard a
shot, but who wan ted some sort of military fame. I
believe that thc*o brevets do disturb the unity and
harmony of the Army, and they should never have
been bestowed save ior bravery m actual battle.
Theieioro I am willing that, they should ail, bad and
goodahl- c. be abiogated; butit should not bcaccred-
ltcd to economy, ior Congress long sipce took good
cave that tneso brevet commissions should carry no
pay or recompense whatever. I do not object to a
salary bill, or any bill Congress may in its wisdom
adopt.
I have strenuous!} endeavored to diminish tho
expenses of the Army wherever oi whenever my
authority was adequate. 1 found on my arrival here
my headquarters m a hired building used by my
predecessor. I dirt not occupy it at all, but moved
with all my stall'into three rooms of the War De-
partment building. I found a regiment of infantry
for tho plains, and tho artillery company goes to
Newport, Rhode Island, to replace troops sent to
North Carolina.
Personally, I occupy the samedwolling which Gen-
eral Grant did beforo mo, which some kind friends
in New York and Boston bought and presented me,
and I have spent every cent, and more, too, of tho
pay allowed me by law in keeping it up. I have
endeavored to entertain my friends, come from what
quarter they might, and have given some dinners
and some receptions, and hope to do so a^ain, at my
own expense, notthepeople's. If my pay is reduced I
may not bo able to do it to tho same extent here-
after, butneverwill I rcceive the courtesies and hos-
pitalities of others unless I can reciprocate them.
Invidious comparisons have been made between my
salary and that of the Chief Justice'and Cabinet
ministers. All I can say is that it is and has been a
shame that a country with forty million people
should stint their Chief Justice and Cabinet minis-
ters as this Government now does.
Tho President himself assured mo, before X carao
to Washington, that X could not live on my salary
here if I had to pay tho rent of a house, and in his
annual message hccalled attention to the inadequate
pay of tho justices of the Supreme Court, and infer-
cntially of tho Cabinet ministers. If it lay in his
power I belicvo this disparity would not exist an
hour, and that he would not level down, but raise
up. Tho demagogues might, of course, cry aloud
" extravagance 1" but tho people would say amen.
Tho people of this country, when appealed to, aro
not mean. They want real economy and honest
responsibility, and these all aro allied to justice. I
claim that I have earned my past and present pay;
that during tho war, when 1 commanded more men
than the Duke of Wellington had in Spain, my pay as
brigadier and major general was less than his privato
secretary's, and was so small that, though I lived on
a soldier's rations, my pay was notmoro than enough
to maintain my family in Ohio.
I did not complain of it then, nor do I now; but I
believe that my present pay is not wholly for pres-
ent work, but is in great part for past services. I
will say tho same for Generals Sheridan, Meade,
Thomas, for ail of our present general officers; and
it is nobody's business whether they are married or
single or what use they make of their salaries. This
is a consideration loo contemptible for discussion.
What money will pay Meade for Gettysburg? What
Sheridan for Winchester and Five Forks? What
Thomas for Chickamauga, Chattanooga, or Nash -
ville? What Amcrioan would tear these pages from
our national history for tho few dollars saved from
thsir pay during their short lives? I honestly be-
lieve that the ranks of General and Lieutenant Gen-
oral should remain as incentives to honorable exer-
tion in pll times to come, and that to terminate these
posts of honor during the lives of our war generals
would bo an act of unliindness to theiu personally
which tho country does not demand, but quite tho
contrary.
1 make this strong appeal not for myself, but for
tho Army and for my comrades, for whom I have a
right to speak in their absencc.
I have tho honor to be, your obedient servant,
W. T. SHERMAN. General
lion. IIenry Wilsox,
Chairman Military Committee United States Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I am very sorry
to be called upon, as I feel myself to be to-
day, to reply to some of the remarks made in
tins most extraordinary and remarkable letter.
What I shall say will not be in derogation of
any person, but it will be in support of the
facta which I adduced before this House, which
I am amply able to prove to be correct, and I
will prove it from the records of the country.
Who the gentlemen were who invited this
letter or speech, or whatever it may be called,
I have no idea. I have had it read that it may
go upon tho records of the country and Uveas
long as those records may live. What it may
prove now or may prove hereafter will be for
those who may read it to decide, when my ex-
planation shall have been made to the House.
It is said here that they are members of
Congress. I had hoped at least that members
of Congress were capable of making their own
arguments in opposition to any bill that they
might oppose without inviting the General of
the Army to make speeches for them. If it is
not the case, however, all I have to say is that
they had better return to their constituents,
and invite him to take their places. It was
said in the newspaper that first published this
letter that Senator Wilsox invited this letter.
I asked him yesterday if that was true, and he
denies that he asked for any such letter. It
was said in the newspapers that Senator Wil-
son had written to General Sherman thanking
him for this letter. Senator Wilson says that
is not true.
Now, the most remarkable features in this
remarkable letter'are, first, that it should have
been written at all, and, second, that such lan-
guage, should be found in it, emanating from
the high position occupied by the General of
the Army of the United States. I have naught
to say against the reputation of'General Sher
man. He is a gallant officer and a gallant
soldier. I have never attempted to detract
from him in the slightest degree. I would not
to-day tarnish the reputation of that man, or
of any other man who served his country gal-
lantly, if I had the power to do it. I have
never done so, nor do I desire to do so at any
time. But self-respect demands of me, when
I am assailed, and when the lower "branch of
Congress is assailed through me, when I am
charged with falsehood in my statements and
with having used figures that were utterly
untrue, it is my duty as a Representative of
the American people, or a portion of them, to
show to the House of Representatives, which
nobly stood by me in what I said in reference
to the bill reported by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, that they were justified in what
they did, as well as that 1 may he justified
before my constituents in what I said.
The Committee on Military Affairs is com-
posed of ten men, all soldiers. We do not
claim that \ye are great soldiers or have been
in high position or high rank or station, yet we
were soldiers, whether small or great makes
no difference; and if there was anything that
could possibly enter the bosom of one of those
ten men in preparing that bill that would induce
them to strike cruelly at any soldier, as is stated
in that letter, I cannot conceive what it is. No,
sir 5 no such feeling could penetrate the heart
or mind of any one of them. They have all
served tho country. They all have sympathy
with the soldier. Thoy have ail a feeling for
the soldiers that live and the soldiers that have
died ; and they have sympathy, too, for more
than one or two or three; but they stand to-
day beforo this country and before the House
as the defenders of the living soldier that is
not now in the Army and of the dead soldier
that sleeps the last sleep that knows no waking.
They stand, and have stood here, and will stand,
as men who have not tho fear that strikes them
down to such a degree that they shall fail at
any time to utter remonstrances against that
which is wrong against the country, either in
civilian or soldier, or shall fail to defend that
which is right that is performed by either civil-
ian or soldier.
Now to the statements of this letter of Gen-
eral Sherman. His first proposition is that
my statement in reference to the staff of the
Army of the United States, in comparison with
the staffs of foreign armies, u is so wide of the
truth that it docs not admit of argument.''
That is the language which General Sherman
sees fit to use. Let us see whether it is wide
of the truth or not. I do not say that General
Sherman, being General of the Armff ought to
read more, but 1 do say this, that [, at least,
have read concerning the organizations of the
armies of different countries and I can refer to
the books to prove my statements, and will do so.
I stated that our staff numbered in all six hun-
dred^ and sixty-three officers, the most of them
of high rank. This statement is sustained by
thereport of the Secretary of War and the Army
Register^ and 1 refer you to them ; and if the
House will give me their attention, in order
that they maybe justified in what they did and
that I may be sustained in what I said, I will
commence back with the commission that was
sent by the Government of the United States
to Europe, of which commission was George
B. McCiellan and Mr. Mordeeai. Their duty
was to ascertain the organization of the Euro-
pean armies—how they are managed, drilled,
framed, and everything pertaining to their
duties.
1 have here the report made by this com-
mission, published by the Senate in 1859 and
