318
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Schenck.
41st Gong....2d Sess.
of all shapes or forms, east, cut, rolled, orhatnmercd
to a pattern, not otherwise provided for, 4 cents per
pound.'"
" Notothenvise provided for." Exactly. We
have not said, " not herein otherwise provided
for," which would have raised the duty on steel
locomotive tires from 3 to 4 cents per pound; but
determining that the duty oughtnot to be raised
upon these steel tires, while we were putting a
duty upon other forms and shapes of steel goods,
" cast, cut, rolled, or hammered to pattern,"
we took care to insert a provision that those steel
goods which were otherwise provided for—that
is, in the present existing tariff law—should not
be subjected to this increased rate of duty.
Now, this is the way in which our work is
treated. The person who got up this may be
a knave and a fool; or he may be neither
knave nor fool, but one not accustomed to
reading and understanding a law. But there
it i-j. The duty of -1 cents per pound is not
imposed upon steel tires at all. It is imposed
upon other steel goods, not including tires, whi«h
remain "otherwise provided for," as is really
shown in this very paper laid before us, and
as will appear by examining the bill itself.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If my colleague
| Mr. Soubncic] will allow me, I will say that
iie wns attacked very severely in the same way
about steel rails.
Mr. SCI-IJ3NCK. Yes; I have been attacked
about almost everything; but I only notice this
now as a specimen of the numberless misrep-
resentations or misapprehensions that have to
be met and corrected.
1 have been told that, there are some gentle-
moil so uneasy lest some great, wrong should
be committed by the passage of this bill, that
they want to kill it by striking out the enacting
clause, orelseto recommitit to the Committee
of Wnys and Means either with or without in-
structions. Now, what will be the effect of refus-
ing to pass this bill, or something equivalent to it?
Vou will simply leave the law as it now is. But
in the existing law we propose to make several
very important changes, lu many instances we
have converted ad valorem duties into specific
duties for the purpose of avoiding frauds. We
have changed the classification of various arti-
cles, to which I will presently refer. But above
all else, in our changes of duties, so far as we
have touched any of the articles contained in
the present tariff, wo have made an aggregate
reduction which, if the present bill shall pass,
will amount, as 1 find from the most careful
circulation I can make, to $"2,800,000; very
nearly $23,000,000 in round numbers. When
1 say this 1 speak advisedly.
There ,iro but few articles—I may say but
t liree: ehiccory, wine, and bay rum—in the duty
on which any material iricreaseismade. There
is some advance upon a number of unimportant
things, made generally to correct some inequal-
ity, error, or oversight in the present law, such
as in some of the forms of iron and steel man-
ufactures; but these are more than compensated
for by reduction upon others.
We have reduced the rates of duty upon tea,
cofl'ee, sugar, molasses, sirup of sugar cane,
pimento, black, white, and cayenno pepper, on
spices of all kinds, cordials, fruits, &e. The
aggregate reduction on those and other articles
i-i £21,473,000. This is as close and near and
careful an ajiproximate estimate as can be
made, taking the Treasury returns of last year
and calculating what the same amount of arti-
cles imported would produce under the proposed
new rates of duty. Deduct from this amount
an aggregate increase of $1,103,000 on certain
articles, and there is loft a net decrease of
$20, 370,000. 'Then wo have taken from among
the dutiable articles and added to the free list
other articles very numerous, amounting in the
aggregate, measured by the revenue which they
produced last year, to $2,430,000, and this
makes, as I have stated before, the entire
reduction by this bill $22,800,000, or nearly
§23,000,000, in round numbers. Do gentle-
men who profess to sympathize so much with
the oppressed and burdened people, and who
would relieve them, desire to be remitted to
the present law?
"But." say gentlemen, "if the bill be sent
back to the committee it can be reconsidered
and still greater reductions can be made." I
answer, "You may vary the articles which you
relieve wholly or in part from the presentduty ;
but J do not think you can safely make a much
greater reduction than that proposed, due ref-
erence being had to the public debt and the
public credit, which must be sustained." The
Committee of Ways and Means sot out, as it
was proper they should do, by considering how
much could with propriety be spared from the
revenues derived from duties on imports, and
they fixed the amount at $20,000,000; butour
work being completed and reported I find that
we appear to have exceeded our promise by
about $3,000,000. I confess here that I do not
believe the taking off this $23,000,000 would
reduce tho revenue to that extent; for, under
such reduction, theimportations of some articles
will in a certain degree increase, and the general
progress of the population and business of the
country will also add to the measure of demand
and consumption. But we have done all and
more than it was expected or proposed we should
do. which was to make the reduction about
$20,000,000.
A good deal has been said about the iron
manufacture. I will state frankly to the com
mittoo that 1 for one never had the slightest
desire to increase the tariff on the various man-
ufactures of iron ; and 1 claim that in the main
we have not done so. We have changed in
many particulars tho classification. On some
things the duty may apparently be made higher,
and on some lower, but in the general aggre-
gate, keeping in view our purpose to make
duties as far as practicable specific, and to
bring them under a better classification, we have
sought to keep iron about where it was, and
not by any means to advance it. This, I be-
lieve, a careful analysis of tho bill will show,
whoever may assert to the contrary. But if
this has not been in all instances accomplished,
it will bo fair and right, as the successive items
may come up, to discuss and amend them, and
the fullest opportunity willofcourse be afforded
for doing so. In this way that which is too
high may be brought lower, and that which is
too low may bo placed higher, or the classifi-
cations may be corrected if, in the opinion of
tho Committee of the Whole, we have not done
well in the changes we have made.
My colleaguo [Mr. Garfield] calls my at-
tention to the reduction on pig iron. We have
brought that down from §9 to $7 a ton. There
are gentlemen who think that in this respect
great wrong has been done. I am not one of
those who think so, because pig iron can bear
this reduction. There are others who think
that great wrong is done to the people in not
making the reduction greater. Perhaps gen-
tlemen on both sides are equally mistaken ; but
they will be afforded the opportunity to test
the sense of the House and of Congress upon
the question as these items shall come to be
considered. The same may be said with re-
gard to scrap iron, upon which a similar and
corresponding reduction has been made.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will have leave to continue his remarks.
Mr. CULLOM. I suggest that the arrange-
ment was that the gentleman was to have an
hour and a half.
Mr. ALLISON. I move now that the gen-
tleman's time be extended without limitation.
The CHAIRMAN. There being no objec-
tion, the gentleman from Ohio will proceed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I appreciate the courtesy
of the committee, but I trust I shall not oc-
cupy much more time. Much has been said
about steel and the advance of the duty upon
that article. I should like gentlemen who may
discuss this matter to note what the law now
is upon the subject, to compare it with what
we propose, and then to look at our proposi-
tion under the lights and with the proofs that
we had before us. If they will do this can-
didly, 1 have no apprehension that they will
come to a conclusion very different from that
to which the Committee of Ways and Means
has arrived.
Steel, cast, in bars, ingots, &c., under the
tariff now is divided, according to value, into
three different classes, one class paying duty
at the rate of 2V cents per pound, one at 3
cents per pound, and one at 3J cents per
pound, with an addition of 10 per cent, ad
valorem, which, taking the aggregate invoiced
valuation, makes the charge on this last class
a little more than -if cents per pound. The
committee propose to put all these classes
into one grade and to make it 3} cents per
pound. A large proportion of steel has been
coming in at 3 cents per pound, and much
of it at 2} cents per pound ; and the rate as
to those classes would seem to be raised ; but
it was in proof unmistakable before the com-
mittee that the most of that which comes in at
3 cents is brought in at that rate by underval-
uation mid fraud, when in fact it should pay
3.! cents or over. By putting all into one class,
or rather by abolishing all classification, and
charging one rale of duty for all alike, we
avoid all temptation to false invoices, a wrong
by which the revenue is so apt to be robbed
in the ease of any article of similar general
appearance, but of varying value, where divis-
ion and graduation by different rates of duty
cannot be avoided.
We think this a case in which the difficulty
can be avoided, and the revenue protected by
a fair duty all round, 3| cents per pound, [f
that be not right but too high, my friend from
Iowa, [Mr. Allison, ] who is a member of tho
committee, or any other gentleman will have
an opportunity to propose 3 cents or 2 J cents,
or 1 cent, or anything else he pleases. If it be
too low, and will injure the steel-makers in this
country, then my other colleague, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kei.ley,] can move to
amend by raising it to a higher figure. But,
sir, I say the committee has done a most com-
mendable work in the opinion of the officers
of the revenue and in the opinion of importers,
if not of the manufacturers, in adopting one
uniform duty. It will work rather favorably, 1
admit, to the higher grades of steel and unfa-
vorably to the inferior kinds ; but it is a case
in which the advantages to the Government, the
dealer, and the home manufacturer will clearly
compensate for that objection.
Take cotton goods. Do gentlemen know
how many rates of duty there are now on cotton
cloths? Eighteen complicated, mixed, trouble-
some, and bad. Acting upon the representa-
tions of all parties interested on both sides,
and upon the information given us by revenue
officers, we have reduced these eighteen classes
to three only; and what if our new and simple
classification prevails will be the effect ? There,
again, most careful analysis and cal«ulation
have been made, and I defy gentlemen who talk
about this bill increasing the duties on cotton
cloths to gainsay, the figures I give. Under the
present law the average duty has been 54J per
cent, on these goods, and we propose to reduce
it to 52 per cent. Under the present law the
amount of revenue derived from them has been
$2,577,648 95. Our object has been not to
change this, but to readjust and simplify; yet
if our bill becomes a law the amount of duty
received, calculated from the same data, would
be $2,481,477 45, being a reduction of over
$96,000.
