5108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOB®.
July I,
Secretary of the Treasury on that subject. The
Secretary of the Treasury was opposed to the
passage of a bill of this, kind, and that letter
relates to this subject.
Mr. CHANDLER. This identical bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not the same bill ex-
actly. It has been changed. It is in reference
to the same subjpct-matter. I understood the
Senator from Michigan to say that if that letter
could be read, giving the Secretary's views
about it, he would be satisfied to let the vote
be taken.
Mr. CHANDLER. That, is all I want.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the letter may
be read, and let the Senate hear it.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is all I ask. I do
not wish to make any factious opposition.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to have the law
of the case settled on the point of order raised
by the Senator from Oregon. The Chair held
that the amendment of the Senator from Mich-
igan could not be received, because it was not
germane.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was a
provision incorporating a,railroad company.
Mr. HOWE. The objection to it was that it
was not germane. This, I take it, must fall in
the same way, unless the Chair holds that it is
germane.
Mr, THURMAN. I submit that there is no
rule of the' Senate which requires an amend-
ment to be germane. You can put the most
incongruous propositions on to a bill for the
very purpose of making it ridiculous.
Mr. HOWE. The Chair has just held the
other way, and ruled an amendment out be-
cause it was not germane.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am a friend of this prop-
osition, and have paired with the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron;] but I want to
say that this is the first ruling ever made in the
Senate that a Senator had not the right to move
any amendment to a bill; and it will come up
to plague us to-morrow; it will come up to
plague us in all time; it will be cited as a pre-
cedent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mich-
igan withdrew his amendment. There is no
question of order.
Mr. HAMLIN. He withdrew it because the
Chair ruled it out of order. The object, the
reason for settling the title of a bill only after
it is passed all its stages is for the very fact
that you may put in, as my friend from Ohio
says, things the most incongruous in the world,
and you do not know what the title of the bill
shall be until you go all through, and then you
make your title to correspond with your bill,
whatever it is. Jefferson and all the parlia-
mentary authors are as clear and distinct as
daylight on that point.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to say a few
words on this subject, which I understand is
before the Senate now, in reference to whether
the amendment moved is germane to the sub-
jeot-matter of the bill.
Mr. STEWART. I rise to a question of
order, and that is that there is no question of
order before the Senate.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Chair has decided
the amendment of the Senator from Michigan
not to be germane, and that question isbetore
the Senate now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 understand that there
is no such decision.
Mr. STEWART. My point of order is, that
there is no point of order before the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What has become of the
question of order I made ?
Mr. STOCKTON. I am speaking on the
question of order raised by the Senator from
Oregon ; and I desire to cull the attention of
the Senate to the fact that the matter is not
germane to the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call the Senator from
New Jersey to order.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion of order must be decided without debate.
Mr. WILLIAMS, I ask the decision of
the Chair on the question. ■.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the amendment'moved by the Senator
from Missouri is germane to the bill. It does
not incorporate a n,ew company-
Mr. HAMLIN., It is no matter whether
it is germane or not; he has the right to
offer it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I only wanted tp know
what the decision of the Chair was.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the reading proceed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
being advised by the older Senators, and espe-
cially by the Senator who has been Vice Presi-
dent, will reverse his decision if it is going to
work badly as a precedent, and will consider
thattheamendmentof the Senator from Micni-
gan is germane. The Chair will remark, how-
ever, that that decision would stop all legis-
lation, for every bill in the Senate might be
moved.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senatorfrom Michi-
gan has withdrawn it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have withdrawn the
amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the paper be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Tlie Senator from Michi-
gan does not want it read.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will slate it. This is
so important a measure that it 'requires the
most careful consideration. The Secretary of
the Treasury reports that under it great frauds
will be perpetrated in all probability ; it is an
expensive thing to the Government; it is a
hazardous thing. If it is good for four cities,
it is good for all. I hope the Senator from
Wisconsin will renew his motion to strike out
the words ''one hundred and," and let it apply
to cities of fifty thousand inhabitants. Of
course there is no good reason why all the
frauds that are perpetrated under this new sys-
tem should be perpetrated for the benefit of
four cities. Let all cities take part. The Treas-
ury will lose probably from lilty to seventh-five
millions a year, but there is no reason why
Milwaukee, Detroit, and Portland, and all the
other cities, should not have their fair propor-
tion of the amount of the robbery of the Treas-
ury. I will renew the motion, that the words
"one hundred and" be stricken out, so as to
leave it apply to cities of fifty thousand inhab-
itants.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I must be permitted to
say o.ne word, without consuming lime. I
have examined the subject as well as I could.
A bill of this description has been before the
Finance Committee, and I have conversed with
different persons who understand this business,
collectors of poitsand officers of the Treasury,
and I have never yet found a man connected
with the collection of the revenue who did not
condemn this proposition and say that it was
fraught, with mischief to the revenues of the
country. It & simply opening the doors for
a custom-house coextensive with the United
States, because I insist that if a city or town
of one hundred and fifty thousand inhabitants
is entitled to what this measure provides, then
other cities and other towns of less size are en-
titled-or at any rate will claim the right; andthe
consequence will be that every little town in the
u'ailetC States, under this system, will become
a port of entry, practically, and then here are
to be your appraisers and your gangers and
your measurers, and a whole host ot officers
created for every one of these places.
It is a proposition that no man can contro-
vert—the Senator from Wisconsin must feel it
at any rate; the Senator from Illinois has indi-
cated that opinion in what he has said—that
when you undertake to transport goods from
any sea-port into the interior of the country
at every step you take you expose those goods
to fraud. It is an unavoidable thing ; there is
no way to avoid it; and it seems to me that it
is establishing a very dangerous system in this
country,
... Mr. TRUMBULL/. They ure doing it in all
the countripts-.of Europe. Goods are taken
there in just the same way. .
Mr. WILLIAMS. It may be; I am not
familiar with the cugtoajs in Europe ; but we
know well enough that with all the guards put
around the custom-houses here, great frauds
are perpetrated. , Does the Senator pretend
to doubt the correctness of that j>ropr iiion ?
It is incontrovertible.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I admit that there are
great frauds, but chiefly in New York, and in
my opinion you will save millions of money by
breaking up the immense amount of business
that is done in that city.
Mr. SHERMAN. These goods are conveyed
in ordinary carts three miles through the streets
of New York, and there is more likelihood of
their being diverted from their proper destina-
tion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. They are examined and
appraised.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, taken out of steamers,
put on carts, and transported to a bonded ware-
house; while under this bill they can only be
delivered at the place of shipment tf> a great
transportation company, under bond, and to be
put iu sealed packages.
Mr. WILLIAMS, i'hattransportation com-
pany's bond will amount to nothing. We know
bow much a b.';nd protects the goods. Trunks
are broken open ail the time on railroads. I
had my own trunk iu a baggage-car, in the cus-
tody of the baggage-master of a railroad train,
broken open between Syracuse and New York,
and the contents taken out last fall right in the
presence of the baggage-master. You can take
any goods and put them in any shape, and start
them traveling a thousand miles through the
country, and they are exposed to fraud.
Mr. DRAKE. I would like to ask the Sen-
ator from Oregon one question. For many
years "past goods have been landed at New
Oi leans from Europe, and brought by steam-
boats up to the different ports of delivery on
the Mississippi river. Why is there any more
liability of fraud or of loss to the Government
from the transportation of goods by railroads
under bond from New York to St. Louis than
in the transportation of goods by water from
New Orleans to St. Louis? I cannot think so.
Mr. McCREERY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, i move to strike out
" one hundred and fifty thousand" and insert
"seventy-five thousand."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mich-
igan to the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to eall the roll.
Mr. HAMLIN, when his name was called'.
1 have paired with the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cameron] upon all votes upon this
question.
The roll-call having been concluded,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that the absentees
be called. There is a quorum within hearing.
The names of the absentees were called.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As there are Senators
within hearing, I move that the Sergeant-at-
Arms be directed to request the attendance of
absent Senators.
Mr. CASSEKLY. I hope not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let him request them
to conic in. If they refuse let it be known. I
make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois moves that the Sergeant-at-Arms
be directed to request the attendance of absent
Senators.
Mr. CASSEllLY. 1 think by the rule of the
Senate no motion can be put unless it is sec-
onded.
Mr. SHERMAN. I second it.
