1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5109
Mr. TRUMBULL. The President of the
Senate is in the habit of seconding a motion.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is such a rule.
Mr. STEWART. I second it.
Mr. SHERMAN. So do I.
Mr. CASSERLY. Yery well.
Mr. DRAKE. I rise to a question of order.
Is that motion debatable?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is not debatable to any extent.
Mr. DRAKE. If it is debatable to any ex-
tent it is debatable to the greatest extent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks a motion to send for absentees whiie the
yeas and nays are being called is not debatable,
i3ecause the decision of the vote has not yet
been announced.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to say that my
suggestion was merely for the sake of the Sen-
ate. I believe this to be a very unusual pro-
ceeding, and considering the lateness of the
hour 1 do not know but it may be character-
ized as a severe one. That is all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not an unusual
motion. J t has often been made in the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the only motion
that can be made.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I should like to inquire
whether it is known that there is a quorum
here or not? The result has not yet been
announced.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not necessary that
it should be announced before we send for
absentees.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, it is.
Mr. CASSERLY. I rise to another point
of order.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the announcement be
made.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is nothing before
the Senate to show that there is not a quorum
present.
Mr. HAMLIN. The announcement should
be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I take it it is competent
to send for the absentees whether there is a
quorum here or not.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is the question.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the announcement be
made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we could get
enough in by the Sergeant-at-Arms inviting
Senators in.
The PRESIDING OFFICE it. The Secre-
tary will read the names.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 make the point of order
that before this stop ean be taken there should
be some official fact before the Senate of the
want of a quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The names
will be read to develop that fact.
The result of the vote on Mr. Howe's amend-
ment to the amendment was announced—yeas
11, nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Chandler,
Howe, McCreery, McDonald, Osborn, Ross, Spencer,
Thayer, and "Wille.v—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Casserly, Corbett, Crn.gin, Drake,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Harris, Howell,Pom-
er y, Rico, Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sher-
man, >" Prague, Stewart. Sumner, Thurman, Trum-
bull, Warner, "Williams, and Wilson—-23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter. Cattell.Oole,
Conkling, Davis, Edmunds, Ponton, Ferry, Flana-
gan, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Howard, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill ol Maine,
Morrill ol Vermont, Morton, Norton, Nye, Patter-
son, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels,Saulabury,Stock-
ton, "/ipton, Vickers, and Yates—38.
, rr/he PRESIDING OFFICER. Onthisques-
ti <3n the yeas are 11 and the nays 23. There
is no quorum voting.
Mr. SUMNER. We had better adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if the S',ergeant-at-Arras has reported whether
Senators are present who have not voted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms has been directed to execute the
order of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has he reported?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. He has not
yet made a report.
Mr. CASSERLY. Does this come under
the bill to enforce the fifteenth amendment, so
that the Secretary of War may employ the
Army and Navy of the United States? [Laugh-
ter.] 1 think that is one of its provisions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say .for my-
self that I have no idea of trying to force Sen-
ators to attend. If their sense of public duty
warrants them in withdrawing from the room
to break up a quorum I have nothing more
to say about it. They take the responsibility.
If 1hey do it to-night, others may do it to-mor-
row night._ I have never in my life before,
during my experience in the Senate, known
Senators to withdraw from the Senate and in
hearing refuse to vote, for the purpose of
breaking up a quorum. I have known persons
to be absent. I wish it could be known who
the Senators are that were within hearing and
refused to respond in order to defeat a quorum
of the Senate. I shall not now resist a motion
to adjourn.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do notknow whether the
Senator from Illinoisis referring to me or not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am not referring to
the Senator from New Jersey. My remarks
refer, however, to all Senators who withdrew
from the Senate into the cloak-rooms for the
purpose of breaking up a quorum of the Senate.
Mr. STOCKTON. If the Senator means to
make that charge as to me he makes a charge
which is not founded in fact. I withdrew from
the Senate for the purpose of consultation with
one or two gentlemen who felt, that this matter
was brought up as a new matter to us, and we
did not understand the interests of our con-
stituents. As far as I am concerned my name
was called in my absence; if I had been here
I probably would have voted "nay" rather
than have voted "yea," in ignorance of the
subject. 1 was within call and was notified this
instant by the Sergeant-at-Arins that there had
been a call of the House, or whatever you may
choose to call it. I have never yet refused .to
vote when I have been here, although kept
here by this Senate at unreasonable hours and
called upon by this proposition to vote on mat-
ters not germane to the bill, and to vote on
questions which 1 ought not to be called upon
to vote on without an opportunity of exam-
ination ; and I say so about this proposition
to-niglit.
The gentlemen who conic from States that
have large sea-ports have a perfect right to ex-
amine this question, and ought to have been
permitted to do so. I appealed to the Senate
several limes to adjourn. I say again that if
the Senate of the United States mean to go on
trifling with the business in the way iu which
they are doing, keeping us here until twelve
and half past twelve o'clock at night, meeting
in committees at ten o'clock in the morning,
meeting in the Senate at eleven, keeping in
session all day, and then moving late at night
a call of the House because Senators will not
vote on questions that interest their constitu-
ents deeply and severely, of which they have
never heard before, which are not germane
to the hill being discussed, I say it is time we
had some rules to prevent this. But I am
willing to vote now, as I always have been
whenever 1 am in the Senate, and I should
have voted if I had heard my name called.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the absentees will
be called.
Mr. IIOWE. I movethat the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the best thing now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. STEWART called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas IU, nays 17; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreman, Cas-
serly. Corbett, Drake, Hamilton of Maryland, Ham-'
ho, Howe, McCreery, Pomeroy, Ross, Seott, Spen-
cer, Stockton, Sutnner, Vickers, Willey, and Wil-
liams—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Cragin, IXarlan, Howell, McDon-
ald, Osborn, Itice; Robertson, Sawyer, Sehurz, Sher-
man, Sprague. Stewart, Thayer, Thurman, Trumbull.
Warner, and Wiisoa—17.
ABSENT —Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow
x ixji, J- 'j w,, v,ii,,, ji.iiuiiiuu <u jLox Har-
ris, Howard, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Nye,
Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Saulsbury,
Tipton, and Yates—36.
So the motion was agreed to; and at twelve
o'clock and twenty minutes
The Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 2, 1870.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J, P. Newman:
D. D.
Mr. NYE. I move to dispense with the
reading ot the Journal, and I ask the Senate
to take up Senate bill No. 401. It will take
but a few moments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada asks unanimous consent to
dispense with the reading of the Journal. Is
there objection?
Mr. CASSERLY. I object, because there
are not a dozen Senators here.
Mr. STE WART. They will he here before
we get through with the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let us see.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California objects, and the reading
will proceed.
Mr. NYE. Oh, no; he does not object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does'tlie
Senator from California object or not?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir; onaccountof
the Senate being so thin.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday, but was interrupted by
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senate will con-
sent to dispense with the further reading of
the Journal this morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts asks unanimous consent
to dispense with the reading of the Journal. Is
there objection ? The Chair hears none, and
the further reading of the Journal is dispensed
with.
Mr. NYE. I now ask to call up Senate bill
No. 401.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Maine object?
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir; but I think there
is one correction that I want to make in the
Journal. 1 think it may show on the call of
the roll that I was absent from the Senate last
night. I was not. I was here in my place. I
was not out for a moment. I inadverteutly
neglected to answer to my name, as I sathere,
I recollect; but I was present, as every Sen-
ator who was then present knows.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When?
Mr. HAMLIN. When the call of the Sen-
ate was made. The Senators who were here
will remember it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Jour-
nal enters the list of yeas and nays and of those
absent or not voting.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was present when the
absentees were called, and I want the Journal
to show it; that is all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Did you respond ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I did not respond; but I
was iu my seat.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then you were absent.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, 1 was not; I was in
my place.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What order
does the Senator from Maine desire made?
Mr. HAMLIN. Simply that.the Journal
shall show that I was present when the absentees
were called.
