1870.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
319
41st Oon«....2d Ses
The Tariff-—Mr. Schenck.
Ho. of Reps.
A Member. That is on the importations of
last year.
Mr. SCIIBNCK. On the importations of
1868, the last year for which we have from the
Treasury Department full and extended re-
ports. This illustrates the injustice of the blind
charge that increase of tariff has been intended
by the Committee of "Ways and Means, and cun-
ningly arranged, when they have sought only,
with all the pains they could to rearrange and
describe so as to defeat frauds and protect the
revenue. I invite study of our clause relating
to cotton cloth.
Now, I come to the question of sugar, and to
that I ask the particular attention of ray friend
from Iowa [Mr. Allison] and colleague on the
committee. He has made the bold, round as-
severation that though not designed, the tend-
ency or effect of the reduction of duties proposed
on sugar is to give advantage to the refineries.
I aver that directly the reverse is the fact. The
present tariff on sugar is laid at four different
rates. The lowest duty is 3 cents, the next 3.}
cents, the next 4 cents, and the highest 5 cents.
We propose to put all of the 3-eent sugar and
part ofthe SJ-cent sugar at 2 cents, to take
part of the 3J-cent sugar and partof the 4-cent
sugar, and put them at 3 cents, and to take the
5-cent sugar and partof the 4-cent and put them
at 4 cents per pound.
There is comparatively very little of the 3J,
or 4, or G cent sugars—clarified and refined
sugars—there is comparatively very little of
those introduced; only, as $1,000,000 to
some $30,000,000, or about in that proportion.
The duty on the great body of sugars imported
is reduced from 3 cents to 2 cents. We put
all raw and Muscovado sugar—that is, all
sugars which have undergone merely the first
piocess at the manufactory, down to 2 cents.
The refiners fought hard against this. They
wanted us to take the present classification
and to reduce from 3 cents to 2 cents merely
I he sugars that were of the coarser kinds, or
below what is called No. 12 Dutch standard.
(Jur answer was "No! Our object is to bring
not only raw or Muscovado sugar, but Musco-
vado sugar of the finest possible quality that
can be made within the reach of every man
in the country who chooses to take it uiire-
fined." It is a known fact that throughout
the country, and especially in the interior,
there are large numbers of people who do not
care about using refined sugar if they can got
that unrefined sugar, although Muscovado in
name, which is light in color, clean, and clear,
who at least prefer that to adding to it the price
they would have to pay the refiners if they took
a higher grade.
The refiners—and if my colleague on the
committee from Iowa [Mr. Allison] had been
present he would know how they urged the
mutter—the refiners, I say, did not want this.
They were willing that low sugars^ below No.
12, being the raw material of their business,
should come in at 2 cents instead of 3. They
were willing that all sugars which could not
well be consumed in their raw condition should
be so admitted. But they were not by any
means desirous of having the duties so adjusted
that the foreign manufacturer should be in-
vited to make his sugar as fiue as possible, while
still falling short of refined, so that it should
not require any further process of manufacture
after it came to this country; this being the
result of providing that all raw sugars of every
quality should come in at 2 cents per pound,
f pay, then, that the reduction we have pro-
vided for of $10,000,000 of the duty on sugar
is §10,000,000 which have hitherto been taken
almost directly from the consumers themselves,
and that this saving will go to the benefit of the
people, and is not, as has been alleged, a " play-
ing into the hands of the refiners."
Mr. ALLISON. If the gentleman will allow
me, I should like to say a word at this point.
Inasmuch as the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means has stated that he entirely
disagrees with me with reference to the effect
of this bill, I wish to state that, in the judg-
ment I have formed of it, the dealers in sugar
and those who are familiar with the production
of sugar agree with me. And I desire further
to call the'gentleman's attention to the fact
that a difference is made between clarified and
raw sugars of 1 cent per pound, while I hazard
the statement here that a profit of one quarter
of 1 cent per pound is a large profit for a
refiner to make. The effect ot this bill will
be to pass all sugars through the hands of the
refiners, save only those classes ofsugars which
come in here fitfor use, withoutbeing subjected
toany further process whatever; which amount,
as was testified before the committee in my
presence, to a little less than one tenth of the
whole.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am perfectly well aware
of what my eollcaguc refers to. He relies
much upon one letter on the subject. I rely
upon the evidence and the arguments we have
had all through.
Mr. ALLISON. I rely upon memorials
which came before the Committee of Ways
and Means from a dozen sources.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does my colleague say
that we settled the matter finally as the refiners
want it ?
Mr. ALLISON. No, sir; what I say is that
the effect of this bill is to throw nearly all
classes of sugars into the hands of the refiners.
Mr. SCHJiNCK. It is a good deal like the
discussion between my colleague [Mr. Winans]
and Washington. The refiners themselves do
not think that this will be the effect of our
work.
Let us see how much sugar has come m in
1869 under the present tariff. At 3 cents,
938,831,702 pounds; at 3} cents, 55,131,903
pounds. Of that which paid 4 cents there were
13,243,770 pounds imported, and of that which
paid 5 cents only 418,255 pounds. Now, while
all of the 939,000,000, now paying 3 cents, is
by our proposed classification and reduction
brought down to 2 centi, one third of the
55,01)0,000, now paying 3} cents, will also be
reduced to 2 cents, and two thirds of it, as nearly
as we can ascertain, to 3 cents. The whole of
that which now pays 4 cents is reduced to 3,
and the whole of that which now pays 5 cents
is reduced to 4.
Thus upon the great mass of the sugars—a
large proportion of the whole—the duty is re-
duced from 3 cents and 3} cents to 2 cents.
In this way, as I said before, wo announce to
the importers of sugar that they may have it
made as fine as it can be made by the original
process and bring it in as light colored and
pure as any raw sugar can be made, and it
shall all come in at 2 cents per pound. The
object is not to force it into the refineries, but
to declare to the people you shall not be obliged
to use refined sugar; but you shall have raw or
Muscovado sugar made as fine as it is capable
of being made by the first process of manufac-
ture at a duty of 2 cents per pound. Now, it
may be that the refiners will go to work and
refine sugar even of that kind ; lint, we have
taken away from them the motive to do it by ;
taking away from them the market; for it is
true, and I again assert, that if you let m such
good sugar at a low duty a large number of
people, at least in the interior of the country,
will use it because of its lower price, and will
not use refined sugar at all.
Now, let me come to another feature of the
bill. All over the country, in Congress and
out of Congress, it has been proclaimed that j
this bill is particularly framed to the preju-
dice of the agriculturists. 1 meet that dec-
laration with the averment that under Demo-
cratic rule, under Whig rule, or under Repub-
lican rule there never has been a tariff bill
proposed which looked so much as this does
to the interests of farmers and the agricultural
classes. See the changes it proposes to make.
We have taken such articles as flax, and flax-
seed, and castorbeans, and hides, raw materials
which can be produced in this country, and
against every influence that could be brought
to bear by the manufacturers of oil, of flaxen
goods, of castor oil, and of leather, have
raised the tariff on them, upon the idea that
while you are giving protection by discrimin-
ating duties to goods of home manufacture,
there is a like obligation to extend protection
with some degree of equality to raw materials
which we can furnish lor the making of those
goods.
A great deal has been said and will yet be
said about the duty upon hides. This explains
if. Let me simply add in relation to that arti-
cle that 75 per cent, of all the millions of hides
used in the United States are produced in the
United States. The manufacturers say that
ours are of a different quality from those im-
ported, and used for different purposes, and
that a remission of the duty on 25 per cent, of
the whole quantity used could not interfere
much with our own production. Yet a load-
ing and intelligent manufacturer of leather did
admit, upon examination before the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, that perhaps this might
affect the average value of a hide at home as
much as $2, and make it of so much less value
in the hands ofthe producer. Ho contended,
however, that that would not affect any farmer
much, because he raises, it may be, but one or
two cattle, and therefore does not need pro-
tection ; that he would save more upon his
cheaper harness, boots, and shoos, and other
leather manufactures than he would lose on
his hides. But it must be borne in mind that
there are portions of this country where there
are those who raise each his hundreds and his
thousands of cattle. We are making law for
Texas and Illinois, as well as for New York
and New England, and we must take the aggre-
gate interest and legislate for that.
But suppose that in order to give advantage
to the leather maker and leather dealer the
price of every hide in the country should be
brought down some $2, what would be the
result? It costs now a certain sum to raise
the animal that produces the hide. The farmer
or grazier must be paid from the returns he
gets ; so much for the meat, so much for the
hide, and so much for the other parts of the
animal. He must get as much as will pay him
for the food nnd care of the animal, the in-
terest on the money invested, and a reason-
able profit over and beyond all that. Now, if
you cut down what he gets for the hide the
amount of §2, in order to make it up that $2
must be spreail over the price for the meat and
other portions of the animal. Thus it would
be inevitable that free hides for the benefit of
the tanner and the leather merchant would be
compensated for by a small advance on every
pound of beef consumed by the people. Even
my very intelligent leather manufacturer from
Milwaukee could not quite see how this argu-
ment was to be answered.
I may add that by retaining a fair duty on
liemp, in spite of all the iidverse influences
enlisted, and increasing the duty on barley,
notwithstanding the remonstrances of the brew-
ers, we have again been not unmindful of the
claims of the farming interest. What com-
mittee or what Congress has ever in these
things done more, or so much ?
Those whose bowels yearn so for the poor
farmers; who have been shedding tears for the
suffering agricultural people, so outraged and
imposed upon, as they charge, by this amend-
ment offered to the tariff law, have been mak-
