1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3221
which the report was adopted j wd also mowed
that the motion to recousider he laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
citil skrvicb.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now begun, and the first business in order is
" House bill No. 1354, to regulate the civil ser-
vice ot" the United States, reported back by
Mr. Jexckes from the select Committee on
the Reorganization of the Civil Service of the
Government, with a substitute, on which the
gentleman from Tennessee [ilr. Mayxaud] is
entitled to the floor.
ilr. LYNCH. I understand the gentleman
from Rhode Island will give way to the busi-
ness of the select Committee on the Decline
of American Commerce.
Mr. JENCKES. If it is the understanding
that the pending business shall come up after-
ward.
The SPEAKER. That is what the Chair
understands.
Mr. PAINE. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BECK. I am opposed to any more
unanimous consents.
The SPEAKER- It requires unanimous
consent to authorise committees to change
places.
Mr. CULLOil. I object.
Mr. JENCKE8. I believe some portion of
the time allowed me under the rules is still
left.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not wish to take
the floor from the chairman of the committee.
I desire, however, to be beard upon this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposed that
the gentleman from Rhode Island had con-
cluded his remarks.
Mr.JENCKES. No, sir.
corporations ix thb dibtrtct.
The SPEAKER. Tbe Chair informed the
House yesterday that in the enrolling of the
hill to provide for the creation of corpora-
tions in the District of Columbia by general
law an error had occurred by a wrong enum-
eration of the sections. In order that the
error might be corrected the Senate was re-
quested to return the bill. The bill has been
returned and the correction made. If there
be no objection it will be returned to the
Senate. " '
CIVIL SERVICB.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I ask the gentle-
man from Rhode Island to yield to me to offer
two amendments to the bill.
Mr. JENCKES. I will hear them.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Mr. Speaker, I wish
to say that I am friendly to the main objects
of this bill. I believe a change in the mode
of appointing men to the civil service so as to
make it depend less on congressional influence
and more on qualification is desirable. But
there are two features in this bill to which I am
opposed. The first one is part of section three, ;
which provides that appointments shall be
inade from the applicants who stAnd highest
in ihe order of merit. Now, I believe that
"bat is refining too much on this svstem ; that :
all those who have been found qualified for the '
position should stand upon an equal footing ;
and that if you make it otherwise the commis
•ion practically will be able to designate who
«>*ll be appointed by stating thatany one, two,
or three are best qualified, and thereby narrow-
tog the limits, go as to make necessary the
appointment of those one, two, or three, who-
e'er they may be. Therefore the first amend-
j oent I ha^e prepared has reference to this
P< nt, and i }t to the desk to be read.
( the Clerk read as follows:
.j??, MSe 3 of the bill, section three, strike ont
lBe 8,ai« section down to the word " whenever,"
> provided
Duttt-d(i,—nuiu viivro who have
™ we reqni red examination and probation, and
hare been found qnaliflei forthe particular branch
and grade of the civil sorvice in wuioh the appoint-
ments are to be mado.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Mr. Speaker, the
adoption of that amendment would put all
those who have passed an examination and
been found qualified on an equal footing. The
second aiuendmentstrikes out another feature
of the bill. I believe, Mr. Spenker, that the
heads of Departments, or at least the Presi-
dent of the United States, ought to possess
the power of removal withoutthe examination,
trial, and judgment of this board of commis-
sioners. In other words, I believe that the
discipline and inefficiency of the service require
that the interior officer should be responsible
directly to his superior, uud not to an outside
tribunal. To expect the President of the
United States or the head of a Department to
appear as an accuser or prosecutor before
this commission is, to ray mind, to expect
what would be impracticable and improper.
They would probably submit to almost any-
thing rather than subject themselves to so dis-
agreeable and difficult a process. Just as in
any common business of life an employ6 is
responsible to his employer alone, so I would
like to see the inferior officer responsible to
his superior officer. I will say further, before
closing, that there are times of great national
emergency, such as we had in 1801, when a
total, thorough, and prompt overhauling of the
eutire civil service may be necessary to the
interests of good government and to the very
existence of the nation itself. And there should
be n power of removal without going through
the iormalities of this bill. I send to the
Clerk's desk the second amendment which 1
have prepared.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend, en page 6, section seven, by adding the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
deprive the President of the United States and tbe
heads of Departments from suspending, dismissing,
or revoking tbe commission of any officer appointed
under this act in eases where they have such power
under existing laws.
Mr. JENCKES. I accept those amend-
ments, to be considered as pending. 1 now
yield to the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Cobb.]
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker,
how much of the time of the gentleman from
Rhodft Island [Mr. Jenokbs] remains?
The SPEAKER. Five minutes.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. Mr. 8peaker,
it would be impossible for mo in that limited
time to submit the arguments which I had in-
tended to address to the House on the pending
bill. I had proposed not to discuss the details
of the measure, which were explained yester-
day by the gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Jbnckes,] but to go into the disoussion of its
general merits, in connection with tbe question
which the gentleman so pertinently put to the
House: whether we were ready to reform the
civil service of this Government?
I also intended to submit, with the consent
of the gentleman from Rhode Island, an amend-
ment which I have prepared, and which is not
designed in anyway to antagonize the bill. I
desire to state that I am heartily in favor of the
provisions of the bill. I have become con-
vinced, from my short experience here'as a
member of Congress, that a reform is needed.
My observation, slight as it has been, has con*
vinced me that the tendency of the present sys-
tem is demoralizing and that the whole organ-
ization of the civil service of the country stands
in need of reform, and is in fact, I might almost
say, a disgrace to the genius of this Govern-
ment. I am sustained in this conclusion by
the evidence of officers of the Government,
strengthened by the opinions of the_leading
men of the United States and the leading gen-
tlemen who are the heads of Departments.
Now, sir, the question is this: is the Congress
of the United States inclined to adopt this bill,
perfecting it if necessary to meet all the re-
quirements of the case? Is it prepared to take
an initial step toward the reorganization of the
civil service ; or shall we go to our homes with
the humiliating confession that we saw an evil,
that we recognized and appreciated its propor-
tions, that we knew it did exist, and yet nad not
the courage to meet it and apply the remedy?
Now, Mr. Speaker, there are three great
evils or defects in the civil-service system in
this country which are sought to be met by the
bill under consideration. The first, is the usurp-
ation by members of Congress, by the legis-
lative btranch of the Government., of the func-
tions of the Executive; another is the lack of
qualifications in the applicants for these civil
offices; and the third is the uncertainty of their
tenure. These are all sought to be met by this
bill, and they are met by the bill. As 1 have
said, perfection is not attainable at once, but
improvements will from time to time suggest
themselves after the initial step is taken, and
we may hope in a few years to attain to that
precision and accuracy in the organization of
our civil government which obtain in the mon-
archies of Europe. Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 be-
lieve my time has nearly expired, and the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island oannot yield to me
further. I ask the Clerk to read an amend-
ment, in the nature of an additional section,
which I propose to offer at the proper time.
The Clerk read as follows:
Andbe it further enacted. That the commission shall
oause to be prepared the number of employes of all
grades required in the Departments at Washington,
and that in the appointments to the same an equal
number shall be given to oaoh of the congressional
districts of the States and Territories: Provided, how-
ever, If there be no applicant from a congressional
district from which a vacancy is to befitted, thehoad
of the Department may sapply the same from can-
didates at large, having due regard to fitness, ohar-
acter. <fco.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. Now, Mr.
Speaker, in case this bill passes and becomes
a law, and there is to be a reform in the civil
service, I say, then let these offices be open to
the youth of the oountry. Just now there is
au unjust and illiberal aiscriminatioa against
many of the States of this Union in the distri-
bution of these offices in and arouDd Washing-
ton city. I have taken pains to have caused
to be prepared a statement showing how un-
justly and unfairly my own State and other
States in the South have been treated, not by
the Administration, not by the heads of De-,
purtments, but by the iniquitous operation of
the preaeat system, and I would be glad to
read it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD obtained the floor.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. I hope the
gentleman from Tennessee will allow me five
minutes.
Mr. MAYNARD. Thegentleman from North
Carolina appeals to me to allow him five min-
utes. I am perfectly willing to yield to him
if the House is willing to give him the time,
but I have so arranged with other gentlemen
who desire to participate in this discussion
that I cannot yield any portion of my own
time. If the House is willing to extend the
gentleman's time I have no objection.
Mr. COBURN. I hope unanimous consent
will be given to thegentleman from North Car-
olina to proceed. He does not often trouble
the House.
The 8PEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Matnabd] proposes to yield five
minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Cobb,] provided it does not come out of
his hour. Is there objection?
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I cannot
help thinking that the defects in the.civil ser-
vice have been a good deal overestimated.
Incompetence, general worthlessness, there
undoubtedly is—more of it than any of us
would wish or desire to see. But from my
observation I am compelled to believe that
downright, painstaking, intelligent honesty
predominates; that usefulness is the unob-
served rule, and that worthlessness is the much
