1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
those Governments, to send out a surveying
party, which I believe has actually sailed
within the last few days, or is about to sail, to
make the necessary survey. So, then, the mat-
ter is already begun, and begun with the con-
sent of those Governments, and there is no
objection in the way such as the gentleman
from New York apprehends.
Mr. WOOD. I understand, Mr. Chairman,
there is an agreement so far as a survey is
concerned, bat there is no concession on the
part of any Govern merit to give us the right
to make that canal. I think I am right in
that statement.
JIr. SCHENCK. I have simply to repeat
what I have already said, that if gentlemen
wish to make any change on this or any other
of the resolutions it would perhaps be better
ior them to propose such changes in the shape
of specific amendments. I ask that the reso-
lution referred to be again read, and I shall
then yield to the gentleman from X^ermsylvania,
[Mr. O'Neill,] who will speak for the Com-
mittee ou Commerce.
The Clerk read the resolution referring cer-
tain subjects to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. O'NEILL. In my opinion all the sub-
jects embraced in that resolution come within
the jurisdiction of the Committee on Com-
merce. The House created a select commit-
tee, just at the close of the first session of this
Congress, to examine into a specilic subjcct
and report on it. That was the subject of
navigation, and the causes of the reduction of
American tonnage and shipping. The Com-
mittee oil Commerce being a standing commit-
tee to which all such subjects have been here-
tofore referred, I think it right to let this select
committee finish up its business and make its
report without being charged with new sub-
jects, and to allow the Committee ou Com-
merce to go on with the general business which
has been assigned to it. There is not a single
point embraced in this resolution which does
not properly come before the Committee on
Commerce. Why, for years wo have boon ex-
amining into the question of passenger traffic;
we have had before us the question of incor-
porating telegraph companies; we have had
before us the question of interoceanic commu-
nication. All the subjects mentioned in tlie
resolutions have heretofore been uniformly
referred to the Committee oil Commerce. I
feci that there is no necessity for referring any
of these questions to the select committee.
The Committee on Commerce are anxious to
perform their duties, and I think the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means has
acted very properly in moving the reference
of the topics mentioned in the resolutions to
the committee created expressly for their con-
sideration.
I hope the reference will be made as pro-
posed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr-
Sci-ienck.] I do so not with any idea of dimin-
ishing the power of this select committee or
of taking away from it any prerogative. But
now that the regular session of Congress has
commenced I presume the powers of the select
committee have virtually ended, the question
referred to them coming in as new matter in
the President's message, and that the proper
committee to consider such subjects is the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman misappre-
hends the scope of the resolution under which
the select committee acted. They were not
to report on the first day of the session, but on
the second Monday of January, or as soon
thereafter as practicable. They had this partic-
ular subject of navigation interests of the couu-
Uy under investigation. That was the subject
submitted to them for investigation and report. ^
There was no expectation, and the resolution jj
did not provide that they should report itume- jj
■ Jiately upon the assembling of Congress, but j|
as r-'oon thereafter as practicable. :j
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I wish to make jj
an inquiry of the chairman of the Committee i:
of Ways and Means upon another subject. I
failed to hear any mention in the resolutions
of the question of the recognition of the belli-
gerent rights of the Cuban patriots. I would
like to inquire of the gentleman if he does not
intend to make a special reference of that
subject?
Mr. SCHENCK. It goes, with all other
matters relating to our foreign affairs, to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I think it is of
sufficient importance to have a special refer-
ence.
Mr. SCHENCK. We knew of no other
committee to which Cuban affairs could be
referred.
I believe I will only yield further to any
gentleman who wants to offer an amendment
which will bring up the question. I will yield
to the gentleman from Slaine, [Mr. Lynch,]
if he wishes to test the sense of the committee
in regard to the form of these resolutions and
the division made of the subject referred, that
he may submit some motion to amend.
Mr. LYNCH. I will make a motion to
amend; but before doing so I desire to say, in
reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. O'Neill,] that there is no conflict be-
tween tho select committee and the Committee
on Commerce. A majority of the latter com-
mittee—I think nearly all the members except
the gentleman himself—assented to having
this matter referred to the select committee, as
it embraced subjects not necessarily under their
jurisdiction. 1 ask the Clerk to read the res-
olution adopted at the close of the last session
bo that the House may understand the direc-
tion given to the committee.
Tho Clerk read as follows:
" Renohetl, That the solect Committee on American
Navigation Interests are hereby authoraod to sit
durinK the recess, at such times and places as they
may deem advisable, for the purposo of examining
witnesses and taking testimony. And tho ordinary
and necessary expenses to said committee whilo
engaged in sueh examination, including tho employ-
ment of a reporter when taking testimony, shall bo
paid, and no other or additional oxpenso shall bo
mcuirod; and said committee shall report to the
1 louse- on tho second M onday of unitary next, or as
soon thereafter as may bo practicable."
Mr. LYNCH. I call the attention of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to the language
of the resolution just read providing that the
committee shall report on tho second Monday
in January, or as soon thereafter as is practi-
cable. 1 uiovo to amend tho fourth resolution
offered by the gentleman from Ohio by strik-
ing out tlie words "and navigation" and insert-
ing the followingasan additional resolution :
lltmlved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as letersto navigation iiiteicsts, be roferrcd
t o the special Commit tee on tho Causes of Reduction
of American Tonnage.
The amendment of Mr. Lynch was not
agreed to ; there being—-ayes twenty-two, noes
not counted.
The resolutions offered by Mr. Suiienck
were agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Eeiuiy reported
that tho Committee of tho Whole on the state
of the Union having bad under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly the an-
nual message of the President of the United
States, had directed him to report resolutions
providing for the reference of the various sub-
jects embraced in the message.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the reading of the resolutions reported from the
Committee of the Whole will be dispensed with.
There was no objection.
The resolutions were agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote'by which the resolutions were adopted ;
una also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The letter motion was agreed to.
Mr. P.iTJfs; obtained the floor.
REORGANIZATION OF TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 429) to reorganize the
Treasury Department and fix the pay of its
officers; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAWES. I desire, t'o state that I do no'
consider myself as committed to the provisions
of the bill just referred. I have introduced it
at the request of others.
REPEAL OF TENDRE-OF-OFFIC15 ACT.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
430) to repeal the tenure-of-office act; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
ABOLITION' OF THANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (ii. R. No. 431) abolishing the
franking privilege ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
CHATTANOOGA A PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 432) to constitute
Chattanooga, in the State of Tennessee, a port
of delivery ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
LAND DISTRICTS.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 433) to authorize
the combination of land districts in certain
cases, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to tha
Committee on the Public Lands.
REPEAL OP DUTY ON COFFEE, ETC.
Mr. WILLIAMS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 434) to repeal tha
duty on coffee, tea, salt, and writing and print-
ing paper; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION.
Mr. WELKER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill and preamble (H. R. No. 435) to
promote the international industrial exhibition
to be held in Washington city in 1871; which
were read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and
ordered to bo printed.
Mr. DAWES. I believe that bill calls for
an appropriation of money, and under the rules
must first be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. WELKER. It provides for an act of
incorporation, which ought first to be consid-
ered by the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and I trust that the question in ref-
erence to the bill making an appropriation will
not be pressed at this time.
Mr. DAWES. I will reserve the point of
order.
ADDITIONAL BOUNTIES,
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 436) to repeal sec-
tion four of an act in relation to additional
bounties, and for other purposes, approved
March 0, 1869, and to provide for an exten-
sion of the time in which bounty claims may
] be filed ; which was read a firat and second
! time, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
; itary Affairs.
; naturalization,
Mr. FINKELNBURGr, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. It. No. 437) to es-
: tablish a uniform system of naturalization, and
! to regulate proceedings under the same ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
' the Committee ou the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
RELIEF FROM DISABILITIES.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
