22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 438) to provide
for relief from legal and political disabilities;
which was read a first and second time1, referred
to the Committee o.n Reconstruction, and or-
dered to be printed.
OFFICEHOLDING BY MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H.R. No. 439) to prevent mem-
bers of Congress from accepting or holding any
place of trust under the President; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
CUSTOM-HOUSE BLOCK, SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask consent to introduce
a joint resolution which I desire to have put
upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paine] has the floor. If he does
not yield the resolution cannot be entertained.
Mr. PAINE. I yield to the gentleman from
California.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read for information.
The joint resolution, which was read, de-
clares that a certain agreement made the 11th
day of February, 18fi9, between the United
States, acting by Hugh McCulloch, Secretary
of the Treasury, of the one part, and John.R.
Buckbee and Henry F. Williams, of the other
part, for the leasing of a lot in San Francisco,
California, known as the custom-house block,
for the period of twenty-five years, for certain
considerations therein named, is hereby disap-
proved and disannulled.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to explain that
Congress has only till the 1st January next
to act on this subject. The Secretary of
the Treasury recommends that the agreement
be disapproved. If debate were permitted I
could go on and state what are the reasons
assigned by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and show that they are founded on sound
principle. But I now merely ask that the
joint resolution be put on its passage.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. 1 object. .
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York objecting, the joint resolution is not now
before the House.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask, then, that it be
referred to the Committee on Commerce, with
leave to the committee to report at any time.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object to
giving the committee snch leave.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the bill will be introduced and referred.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. 11. No. 77)
relative to an agreement for leasing the cus-
tom-house block, San Francisco ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
WILLIAM B. MANS.
Mr. BENJAMIN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 440; for the relief
of William B. Mann ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
L. S. CAMPBELL.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 78) for the
relief of L. S. Campbell; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
NEW ORLEANS, MOBILE, ETC., RAILROAD.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
441) granting to the New Orleans, Mobile, and
Chattanooga Railroad Company the right of
way through the public lands of the United
States, and for other purposes ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
SALE 01? COtlS7, ETC.
Mr. INGEBSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 442) to prohibit
the sale of coin in behalf of the United States,
and to provide for the redemption ofthe United
States legal tender notes in coin at par; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
bo printed.
j. ii. lucia. .
Mr. WILLARD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 443) for the relief
of Lieutenant J. II. Lucia, company H seven-
teenth regiment Vermont volunteer infantry ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
SALE OF COIN, ETC.
' Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the bill with regard
to the sale of coin, &c., was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, with a view
of moving to refer it to the Committee on
Banking and Currency.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paine] had the floor on a question
of privilege, and all this business is proceeding
by unanimous consent. Docs the gentleman
from Wisconsin yield further?
Mr. PAINE. I am willing that this business
shall proceed as far as the House is willing
that it shall proceed by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that this is preventing three members who are
entitled to seats upon the floor from being
sworn in and taking their seats.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to anything further
being done out of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will allow this question to be disposed of.
Mr. KELSEY. Very well.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to any change
of reference.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] moves to reconsider the vote
by which it was referred, with a view of mov-
ing to refer it to the Committee on Banking
and Currency.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. To which it
properly belongs. I move the previous ques-
tion on the motion to reconsider.
The previous question was seconded.
The question was put on ordering the main
question ; and there were—ayes 31, noes 53 ;
no quorum voting.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I withdraw the
motion to reconsider for the present and will
call it up at some other time.
BEPItESHNTATIVES FROM ALABAMA.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, the Committee
of Elections, to whom were referred the cre-
dentials of Robert S. Hefiin, claiming to rep-
resent the third congressional district of Ala-
bama, Peter M. Dox, claiming to represent
the fifth district of Alabama, and William C.
Sherrod, claiming to represent the sixth dis-
trict of that State, have instructed me to make
an oral report. These credentials are not in
form such as would, under the statute, entitle
the Clerk to place the names of these gentle-
men upon the roll at the organization of the
House, because while the credentials declare
that these gentlemen have been elected to rep-
resent those several districts in this House they
do not say that they were elected in pursuance
of either the laws of Alabama or the laws of
the United States. Yet the credentials are in
form sufficient to satisfy the committee, and I
think the House, under existing statutes. We
therefore recommend that these gentlemen be
sworn in as members of this House. Since
the order referring these credentials was made
another certificate of election from the same
State has been received by the Clerk of the
House, and it has been placed in my hands
since the meeting of the Committee of Elec-
tions. I.have consulted a majority of that
committee, who have expressed their satisfac-
tion with the certificate, which is in form ex-
actly liko the others, and have declared their
willingness that 1 should also move that the
gentleman named in the credent ials, Mr. C harles
Hays, claiming to represent the fourth con-
gressional district of Alabama, be now sworn
in. I therefore move that these gentlemen be
sworn in as Representatives from the respective
districts of that State.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the motion will be regarded as agreed to, and
the gentlemen in favor of whose admission the.
Committee of Elections have just reported will
present themselves to be sworn in.
There was no objection ; and Mr. Robert 8.
Heflin, Mr. Peter M. Dox, Mr. William S..
Sherrod, and Mr. Charles Hays appeared at
the Clerk's desk and were duly qualified—Mr..
Dox taking the test-oath prescribed by the act
of July 2, 1862. and the others talcing the
special oath provided for by the act of July 11,
1868.
LOUISIANA CONTESTED ELECTIONS
Mr. BURR. I rise to a question of privi-
lege—to make a report from the Committee of
Elections. I am directed by that committee
to report back the following resolution, with a
recommendation that it be adopted:
Resolved, That Hon. Michael C. Keek be author-
ized to act as a member of the Committee of Elec-
tions in the consideration of the pending contested-
election cases from the State of Louisiana.
The resolution was adopted.
GENERAL DEBATE.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I am requested
by several gentlemen who desire to address the
House to move that the rules be suspended and
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Not now.
Mr. DAWES. I will not press the motion
at present.
MEMBERS-ELECT FROM VIRGINIA.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, presented the
credentials of James K. Gibson and George
W. Booker, from the State of Virginia j which
were referred to the Committee of Elections.
REIMBURSEMENT TO MILWAUKEE.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 443) to refund to the
city of Milwaukee certain moneys advanced
for the construction of "the straight cut," in
the harbor of Milwaukee; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
CUSTOM-HOUSE BLOCK, SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I move to
reconsider the vote by which House joint reso-
lution No. 77, relating to the lease of the cus-
tom-house block, San Francisco, was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. How does,
that get in here? The resolution was not
admitted before.
The SPEAKER. It was admitted for the
purpose of reference to the Committee on Com-
merce, to which the gentleman from New York
did not object.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The gentle-
man from New York objected to the consider-
ation of the resolution at the present time.
TheSPEAKER. Itwas on the gentleman's
suggestion that it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and now the gentleman
from California moves to reconsider the refer-
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Why does he
wish the case taken up now?
Mr. SARGENT. Because it is pressing.:
The lease is for a valuable Government prop-,
erty in San Francisco, and unless Congress take
adverse action to the granting of the lease
before the 1st of January next it will bind the
Government for twenty-iive years at an inade-
quate price, as I believe. Unless we intervene
the property will pass from the control of the
Government. The whole thing I look upon
corrupt and improper on the part of those
ing it from the Government, and as there is
