5110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose the
Senator has accomplished his object. What
he has said now will appear in the Globe.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well; let it go.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
presumes that the Senator' from Maine has
accomplished his object; his statement will go
into the Globe.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. NYE. Now I hope we shall go on and
conclude Senate bill No. 401.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the regular
order for a little while.
• Mr. STEWART. I hope ray colleague will
he allowed to take up that bill. We can dis-
pose of it in a short time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 insist on the regular
order.
The PR.ESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Vermont insists oil the regular order, and
the Chair will lay before the Senate certain
hills from the House of Representatives for
reference.
iic-cse bills referred.
The following bills, received from the House
of Representatives yesterday, were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Patents:
A bill (H. II. No. 1781) for the relief of
Francis M. "Strong and Thomas Ross;
A bill (II. R. No. 2355) for the relief of
Pierpont Seymour, of East Bloomfield;
A bill (II. R. No. 235G) for the relief of
Stephen Hall; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2857) for the relief of
Jacob J. Anderson.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 33S) granting
four pieces of condemned cannon to the city
of Lowell for the ornamentation of the sol-
diers' monument in that place was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The bill (H. K. No. 2354) for the relief of
Vassar College was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
post office appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1828) making
appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1871, and for other purposes, dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
llesolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the liouse of
"Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Morrill of Maine, Mr. Ramsey, and Mr.
Thurman.
PAVING Oil' PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the bill (H. R. No. 2275) to provide
for paving Pennsylvania avenue, disagreed to
by the House of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Memlved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ment to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it, was
Ordered, That the conferees on (he part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Hamlin-, Mr. Stewart, and Mr. Vickerk.
REAL ESTATE IN Tills DISTRICT.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1633) to simplify
the conveyance of real estate in the District
of Columbia, disagreed to by (he House of
Representatives.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
iiesohed, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
fiioiits to the  aid bill, disagreed to by the Boose of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That tile conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Hamlik, Mr. Stewart, and Mr.VioKERs.
officers of the army
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 109)
amendatory of a joint resolution for the relief
of certain officers of the Array, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. WILSON, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ment to the said joint resolution, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, and agree to the confer-
ence asked bythe House on the disagree'ingvotes of
the two Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
compensation of jurors.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 93G) to provide
for the compensation of grand and petit jurors
in the circuit and district courts of the United
Stales, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am astonished at the
number of conferences asked for by the House.
I think it might bo suggested that we should
have a general conference to meet in the Ro-
tunda; but I suppose as a matter of form we
must agree to it, and so I move that the Senate
insist on its amendments disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, and agree to the
conference asked by the House, the conferees
on the part of the Senate to be appointed by
the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
land district in arkansas.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate a bill from tho House
of Representatives which was laid on the table
at tho request of the Senator from Arkansas.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (II. R. No. 2350) to discontinue the
Clarksville, Arkansas, land district, and the
establishment of an additional land district in
that State.
Mr. POMEROY. There is an amendment
of one word that should be made in that bill.
" Iluntsville" should be changed to "Harri-
son," or 11 Harrison'' to " Huntsville," Ido not
know which.
Mr. McDONALD. On page 1, line seven-
teen, I move to strike out the word " Ilunts-
ville" and to insert " Harrison."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
order of business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Petitions
and memorials are in order.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. NYE. I now ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 401.
Mr. DRAKE. Let us present morning busi-
ness.
Mr. SHERMAN. As soon as the morn-
ing business is through I desire to make a
motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to make a report.
Mr. SHERMAN. I may as well make my
motion now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts was recognized by the
Chair.
Mr. NYE. I thought I had the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Nevada is objected to
in fkvof of the morning business, ^he loom-
ing business has precedence except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. NYE. Then as soon as the morning
business is through I hope I shall be allowed to
call up this bill.
Mr. DRAKE. If the objection whieh the
Chair heard was that from me I withdraw it.
The PRES IDE NT pro tempore. The Chair
heard the objection from another quarter.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to the
Senator trying to get his bill up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If you have morning busi-
ness, go on with it.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Al-
fred P. Merrill, praying for the creation of a
department of dental surgery in the Military
Academy at West Point; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petition of
Thomas F. Bowler, praying indemnification for
losses and damages sustained by the annulment
of his contract for carrying the mails from
Neosho, Missouri, to Albuquerque, New Mex-
ico, in 1859 ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. McCREERY. I hold ill my hand a
couple of petitions on a familiar subject, the
removal of disabilities; and I beg to express
the hope that the distinguished chairman of
that committee will not suffer the petitions of
four or five thousand citizens on this subject,
to be passed over without consideration. I
hope he will urge the passage of his bill at an
early day. These are the petitions of V. II.
Jones, of Barren county, Kentucky, and II. F.
Allison, of Todd county, Kentucky. I move
their reference to the select Committee on tho
Removal of Political Disabilities.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr, LEWIS presented the petitions of lv. L.
Meredith and John Sctater, of Virginia, praying
for the removal of their political disabilities;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Henry Graves and Albert B. Chappell, of Vir-
ginia, praying for the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented the petitions of Lewis
Housman, William M. Lackland, Madison M.
Switzer, and James B. Nelson, of Botetourt
county, Virginia, praying for the removal of
their political disabilities ; which were referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. HOWE presented a letter of the Secre-
tary of War to the Committee on Claims, trans-
mitting the claim of W. W. Elliott, formerly a.
private in the twenty-second Illinois infantry,
for extra services as an acting assistant sur-
geon United States Army; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a letter of the Secretary
of War to the Committee on Claims, transmit-
ting the claim of S. E. Ward for supplies fur-
nished for the Indian service, and recommend-
ing an appropriation for the payment of the
same; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. SPENCER presented a memorial of
members of the bar of Alabama, remonstrating
against any change in the judicial districts of
that State ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWELL presented additional papers
in relation to the claim of W. T. Stott.s, for
damages sustained by the improvement oi' tlic
Des Moines river; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce,
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair some
papers from the Department of State, supple-
mentary to House of Representatives Execu-
tive Document No. 176, of the present session,
relating to the clainjs of American citizens on
V epeztit>|a, | tijove tbpt they be referred to
