320
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff.—Mr. Schenck.
41sx Oosg....2d Sess.
ing their sympathetic grimaces, have been
shedding crocodile tears, in the hope that
they may secure, by such show of sympathy
and tears, votes for themselves or their party.
They have not stated that which was true when
they thus denounced this bill.
1 would gladly go further now into these
details, as they relate to the farming interest,
but they will all come up as we proceed to the
consideration of items. Let me call attention,
however, to two or three other things. We
have placed upon the free list breeding ani-
mals, all sorts of plants, trees, shrubs, seeds,
cane reeds, &c., intended for cultivation. Wa
have taken also from among the dutiable arti-
cles, bones, calcined, ground, and made into
preparations for manure. We have put into
the free list all the phosphates and other ma-
terials for manure, and every form of manure
not free before. And throughout, wherever
it was possible to favor the agricultural inter-
ests, which haye never yet received their fair
measure of protection and consideration, we
have endeavored to do it. And with this
assertion I leave that charge with the people,
and with the members of this House, for their
candid investigation.
Now, let us go back again to this subject of
"free trade." In the progress of the argument
here we have learned a little about what is
meant in some quarters by the phrase. I have
already said that there is really no such thing;
it is an empty theory and myth. But there are
two classes of men who advocate what is re-
garded and called ordinarily a free-trade pol-
icy. They differ widely, however, from cach
other. For instance, there is my colleague
from the Cincinnati district, [Mr. Stevenson,]
thegentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Asper,] and
another gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Maii-
niiau.,J who have given the House to under-
stand that in their opinions duties ought to be
not only brought down, but altogether taken
off all those things which enter into the use of
the people for their food and subsistence, and
all which are among the common commodities
of life. They would have coffee free, tea free,
sugar free, molasses, spices, coal, salt, lumber,
and pig iron free. Suppose we accord to those
gentlemen what they demand, have they con-
sidered how much would bo deducted from the
revenue? Just $02,107,774.
The same class of philosophers demand not
only that all those common commodities shall
be made free, but that there shall be a reduc-
tion—some say of 20 per cent., others demand
more—upon all iron manufactures) steel manu-
factures, woolen goods, andcottongoods. Take
those four classes of articles alone, without
adding to the list others that they have spoken
oI, and the reduction would amount to more
than_ $18,000,000, This, with the other re-
ductions I have named, would strike from the
revenues of the country $80,000,000 at once,
besides any reductions that mightbe made upon
other articles. I think this class of political
economists must belong to the same order as
that member of the Massachusetts Legislature
who wanted all the taxes struck off and the
Government carried on with money from the
Treasury! [Laughter.]
Now, there is another kind of free trade;
and those who advocate it are, I presume, the
real " simon-pure " members of the fraternity.
I have here in miniature form the scheme
which they present—the " little book which you
may look upon and in it see vour father's face
when he is dead and gone." [Laughter.] Who.
that father is I do not know; but I think he I
lived over the water, although the book is pub- j
lished by the American Free-Trade League, !
Nos. G7 and CO William street, New York. I
suppose they are so flourishing in their attempts
to influence the public mind in this country
that they have found it necessary to take two
or three offices or rooms in which to locate
themselves. This book is entitled "theTariff
as it Ought to Be," and I find its figures^ re-
peated in the free-trade league publications
which are sent to us free and so freely for our
daily instruction. This book is a curiosity.
Its author claims that all the duties we need
for the purposes of revenue can and ought to
be raised from twenty-one articles: tea, coffee,
spices, fruits, nuts, sardines, chocolate, opium,
licorice, flax and manufactures of flax, gloves
of skin, furs, manufactures of silks, tin in
blocks and pigs, tin plates, manufactures of tin,
cigars, tobacco, spirits, wines, sparkling wines,
sugar, and molasses. The duties upon these
articles, they say, would produce $124,000,000
of revenue, which is all that we need. I desire
to make a few remarks upon this little book as
my text- The writer gives the amounts which
would be derived from each article, making an
aggregate of $124,895,000.
The first suggestion I make is that those who
have got up this table were exceedingly auxious
to make out their case. For instance, the duty
upon chocolate at the present time is 7 cents
per pound. We propose in the bill now before
us to continue the duty at that rale. The duty
on this article yielded during the last year $992
of revenue. If the duty be continued at that
rate it is to be presumed the annual revenue
from that source will be about the same. Now,
these gentlemen of the free-trade league claim
that there is to be got from a duty of 7 cents
per pound on chocolate an annual revenue of
$100,000—a mistake of only a little over 99
per cent., as shown by the Treasury returns !
Is this gross ignorance on the part of our
would-be teachers, or is it willful fraud?
Again, sir, cigars are now $2 25 per pound
and 25 per cent, ad valorem, which last year
produced for the revenue $1,111,327'. We
propose to put them at $2 a pound and 25
per cent, ad valorem, which would produce
$944,029, unless by stopping smuggling, as
we think will be the result, we should get a
much larger proportional revenue from the
$2 and 25 per cent, ad valorem than we have
derived from the $2 25 and 25 per cent, ad
valoremBut these free-trade Solons would
reduce cigars to $2 per pound, and assert and
dare to publish that that rate will give the
country from this source alone $13,200,000 of
revenue. A duty of $2 25 per pound and 25
per cent, ad valorem amounts to just about
$32 25 on a thousand cigars. Two dollars
per pound would bo equal to about $22 per
thousand. That is, you are to take off one
third of the duty and add thereby near 1,200
per cent, to the receipts! Was ever attempt
to gull so shameless?
Take spirits next. Distilled spirits imported
under the present duty of $3 on brandy and
$2 50 on other spirits per gallon brings in a
revenue of $3,515,034. This little free-trade
manual proposes to reduce the tariff to $2 per
gallon and to get $15,000,000; that is, nearly
five times as much by the reduction.
Again, from the tariff' on wines we at
pres-
ent derive a revenue of $2,393,000. They
propose to do exactly what the Committee of
Ways and Means recommends—make a uni-
form charge of 50 cents a gallon. Calculating
on the same amount of importations as in the
past year, this should produce $3,490,320 ; but
to help out their case they would make the
same duty bring $5,400,000, a million more.
Sugar is now 3, 3J, 4, 4.}, and 5 cents. They
propose not to reduce it as low as recom-
mended by the Committee of Ways and Means;
that is, the bulk of it to 2 cents, but to put it
all even at 3 cents; and whereas at 3, 3 J, 4,
4$, and 5 cents per pound it now gives us only
$30,000,000, they claim that with this uniform
duty of 3 cents it will bring $35,000,000 of
revenue to the Government.
Who got this up tor you ? Who has under-
taken to deceive us in this way ? Some knave
or some fool. I think a knave. Some one seek-
ing to indoctrinate the people of the United
States with these English free-trade notions
finds it necessary for that object to lie with
figures, but the trick of their arrangement is
so bald that a very little examination detects
and exposes the falsehood. I am the last man
to talk abouttlie influence of " British gold.''
I do not believe that any one of public con-
sideration or character is influenced by British
gold any more than I would suspect gentle-
men who sustain the idea of a discriminating
tai-iff for purposes of protection to be influenced
on their part by corrupt motives. This is but
party slang on either side. But, sir, I do say
the people of this country who are led to ad-
vocate these free trade doctrines are sustaining
a cunning policy, an anti-American policy,
the paternity of which is unmistakable. Look
at it. Do you suppose if a Frenchman had
been contriving a way in which the people of
the United States should legislate so as to give
his country the benefit of our creddlity he
would have put the duty pn wines, or silks, or
gloves? Not a bit of it. He would have
advised us to lay it most heavily on woolen
goods, cotton yarns, cutlery, and articles of
that kind.
But look into this " Tariff as it Ought to Be,''
and you will find that whatever John Bull pro-
duces, either at home or iu his colonies, is lefcin
the free list, and the revenue the people of the
United States may require is recommended to
be raised from other sources. How kind and
considerate so to teach and take charge of us!
How disinterested toward his neighbors across
the channel! I should like to have Johnny
Crapeau's view of the matter, to havehim pre-
sent his schedule, and compare the two to-
gether. This " Tariff as it Ought to Be "—let
us take a look at it again. Woolen goods are
to be all free; cotton goods to be all free; iron
and steel manufactures to be all free. They
are made most iu England. Coal, grain, aud
lumber, which are nroduced in the British
provinces, are to be all free. But wines, silks,
gloves, brandy, furs, whatever is produced
most in France or in Belgium or Germany, is
to have a duty put on it, so that thus may be
made up the $124,000,000 of revenue, which
is our allowance. Benevolent England! How
grateful should Brother Jonathan be to you!
This is plain talk. I charge this scheme on
nobody here ; but I do charge that the pater-
nity of this plan, by which we are to legislate for
the benefit of British products and British inter-
ests, is unmistakable. It bears "John Bull"
written all over it. His trade-mark is branded
in so deep you cannot erase it. I have no
prejudice against England or the English peo-
ple. Lot them live ; let them prosper; it is a
great nation, a wonderful nation. But I pro-
test against their making tariffs for us.
I demand that as a distinct people, estab-
lished in national independence, we should
legislate upon these economical subjects for
ourselves, and according to our own wants
and needs, and so as to meet the dispositions
and necessities of our own citizens. I am not,
in the sense in which many understand the
expression, a high protective tariff man. I
believe that a moderate steady protection is
better than a fitful policy, running rapidly up
and down the scale. But I deny the proposi-
tion that we have not the right in everything
to protect aud care for the interests of our
own people. I declare again—going back to
that point in my argument—that, as clearly as
if written by the sunlight itself, it is inscribed
in our Constitution, is set forth in our laws,
accords with a wise and continuous practice,
and has sunk deep into the conviction of our
people, that we have the right, measured merely
