1334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
myself, not speaking for others, complete au-
thority—and I am sustained by the earlier
decisions of the Supreme Court—for our impos-
ing upon this State just such conditions as we,
responsible to the Constitution, and responsible
to the people, think wise and good for the
security of the nation.
Now, sir, if at the end of twenty years it
shall appear that the State of Mississippi will
be better off in her institutions and her progress
by a change in these conditions, it only requires
an act of Congress with her assent to change
them. Thero is no fettering or saddling Mis-
sissippi forever with a method of security which
time may prove will not work so well as some
other republican method, and therefore it is
that I am the more willing to go for a bill con-
taining conditions of this kind, because when
the time shall come that a change will be neces-
sary and advantageous, we can give our con-
sent, and undoubtedly we shall, to her making
such changes as she may choose. If the im-
mediate future be made secure to her helpless
people, there will be no need of interference in
more distant time, for the course of equal rights
and free education ouce fairly begun can hardly
recede.
Mr. President, I have said all I wish to
say in brief explanation of my views of the
grounds on which 1 proceed in favor of this
bill as it stands, and against the amendment of
the committee. It is true that the dicta of pro-
slavery judges in some cases not long preced-
ing the rebellion opened for the first time the
dogma that such compacts deprived a State of
her full equality in the Union, and were there-
fore void. These notions were evidently put
forward to pave the way for the introduction of
slavery into free territory, and are of no author-
ity against the judgments of Marshall and Story
in the better days of the Republic.
I wish to say a few words, and a few only,
in reply to a remark that fell from the Senator
from Wisconsin,[Mr. Carpenter,] and another
that fell from the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis,] touching New England. I do not
know what it had to do with this debate. I
remember that the Senator from Wisconsin
admonished—I think that was the language—
admonished New England that she had better
beware of her steps upon this question; and
the Senator from Kentucky pointed out to us
that we by and by should run upon a rock and
meet the storm and the whirlwind that we were
raising for our future destruction by our course
upon this bill. What does it mean, Mr. Presi-
dent? What have we done? Have the New
England Senators undertaken to force this
policy upon anybody? Have we been voting
gainst Republicans of other States? Have
we made any sectional question of this? Not
at all, sir. Some of us have voted one way,
and some of us have voted the other.
What then am I to understand when New
England is admonished to be careful about
this? May we not vote with a majority of west-
em Senators without sin ? What is to happen
to us? Do we feel too strongly the value of
equal rights and of general education? Is New
England too advanced for the age ? She has
been in advance sometimes, it is true. 1 have
been taught by history that New England began
the Revolution. She is not ashamed of it.
There is Lexington, there is Bunker Hill, there
is Faneuil Hall; there are Adams, and Allen,
and Warren, and Greene. We are not ashamed
of them. Whatever reproach Senators may
think they bring to us, we will bear proudly.
And ever since then she has not been back-
ward. I do not boast of it; I only repel this
admonition that is given us, and this tempest
that is threatened. Ever since then we have
not been backward in social and political prog-
ress. We have taught our children the honor
of labor, the equality of men, the value of
education, and the blessings of the reign of law.
We have striven to do our part in maintaining
them. I believe it happened—am I not right,
8'r? that in this last contest for republican
government, the first blood shed for the cause
of the country was New England blood. The
streets of Baltimore received the blood of
Massachusetts men rallying at the first trumpet
call, to the defense of the capital. New Eng-
land is not ashamed of that. It was a species
of admonition and a bind of tempest to which
her sons have been accustomed not less than
those ofotherparts of the Union. It happened
then, as it had done before, that she was fore-
most.
" Again the Pilgrim banner
Led the vanguard of the race."
What then are our other sins? We have
sent out, it is true, since the foundation of the
Government, every year thousands and tens of
thousands of our citizens, who have in a peace-
able way emigrated to the South and the West
with their families. They have built up homes.
They have carried schools with them. Theyhave
carried equal rights. They have carried obser-
vance of the law. They have built churches.
They have founded States, and those States
sometimes have sent back to us the sons of
New England representing them with high
honor here. They are here now. I see before me
Senators from many States, whose birthplace
was in New England. Illinois has one; Kansas
has one ; Indiana has one; Louisiana has one;
Michiganhas two; Nebraska has one; North
Carolina has one; Oregon has one; South
Carolina has one; Wisconsin has two. These
States find no need to admonish New England,
I trust, in this respect.
Although New England thus has been the
source and fountain of a constant tide of
emigration of this character over the country,
she is not left entirely destitute; she has still
a steady population. I am not alarmed at the
drain upon her. When I look around upon New
England men representing the States of New
England in this body, with the exception of one
State, which I will not name, I think they may
be safely trusted to maintain the rights and
perform the duties the Constitution has given
them, without admonition and without great
fear of any tempest.
When what we have done has been to stand
side by side with our brethren in other States
in carrying on this war and securing its just
fruits, I am at a loss to know what is meant
when we are threatened with whirlwinds and
storms, and when this is supposed to be a fit time
to admonish New England for her conduct in
the course of this rebellion or since. Why,
Mr. President, New England cannot be over-
thrown. She can breast the whirlwind and the
storm ; she can stand admonition, because the
the principles upon which her institutions are
founded are principles that no storm can over-
throw, that no admonition can tarnish, and
that no event short of the hand of Omnipotence
can disturb in the least degree. They lie at
the foundation of all true social progress; and
the people that is trne to them builds its insti-
tutions upou an immovable rock. We do not
boast of it. We are only instruments in Supreme
hands which will carry on their great work in
spite of storms or whirlwinds. The same Ruler
who has brought us thus far over the abysses,
will be with us still. Qui transtulit sustinet.
The one increasing purpose that runs through
all the ages, will, I doubt not, manifest itself
more and more in national unity and national
harmony.
I have said this, sir, with considerable re-
gret. I dislike to refer to the history of a part
of our country, because I am one of those who
believe in the unity of the nation, and that
New England in any sense that is different
from the national sense is no New England.
She is only one part of the common whole.
But I have felt obliged, not to boast of New
England, but to defend her, to pay some atten-
tion to what are called the admonitions and
the threatenings of tempest and storm with
which she is to be visited because she believes
in the power of this Government to preserve
in peace what it has secured in war> and in
the right of her Representatives to act and
vote freely, as they think most for the common
good of the whole people.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I desire to
submit some remarks on this bill before the
vote is taken.
After anumber of years of trouble, labor,and
legislation we have all come to the conclusion
with reference to the State of Mississippi that
she has framed and adopted a constitution
which is republican in itself. There are no two
opinions in regard to the status of this State
at the present time. No set of men, no party
doubts that Mississippi comes here asking for
restoration to her original relations to the Fed-
eral Government with a constitution framed
precisely in accordance with the laws enacted
by Congress, carrying out the conditions pre-
scribed to her for the purpose of forming her
State government. On this subject there is no
question whatever.
Before proceeding with the discussion of this
matter 1 wish to say that I shall not reflect
upon any section of the country. It has never
been my custom to reflect on any portion of
the community 
Mr. CAMERON. I beg the Senator from
Tennessee to give way for a moment until I
make a motion to go into executive session.
Mr. FOWLER. In a few minutes I will do so.
I should deem it unworthy of myself, as I do
of any citizen of the Republic, I care not from
what section he may come, to utter any senti-
ment that would reflect unjustly upon any por-
tion of the Republic that he proposes to serve.
I believe that every patriotic citizen regards it
as a pleasure and as a portion of his own pride
and a parcel of his own glory to praise the
record and the history of every section of the
country. For one, I have never been able to
separate any portion, whether it be the East
or the West, the North or the South, from my
affections. In every one of those sections there
are portions of history. There is Bunker Hill
in the North; there are Yorktown, Camden,
and New Orleans in the South. I would not
give one inch of their territory for all the land
outBide of the Republic of the United States.
I would not give one particle of the glory that
they have shed upon the American name for
all other considerations. Far would it be from
me to make any allusion to any portion of the
country or any section of it whatever that should
in the least detract from the position they ought
to occupy, and which as an American citizen
I should rejoice to see them occupy. I believe
that every true American citizen regards each
and every one of the States as a part of his
own country, and he takes pride in their good
name and good reputation.
But for myself I have not heard to-day any
allusions made to New England that should
have brought out any defense of that portion
of the country. I did not myself understand
that any person on this floor had uttered any
sentiment to discredit her or to disparage her
in any respect whatever. I believe that New
England can accomplish anything, can conquer
anything and everything, if she can only with-
stand the flurry of some of those who on all
occasions rise here and elsewhere to utter forth
her praises, which are due to her I admit, and
I would go still further than anything I have
heard here. Her real virtues merit all the
praises that could be uttered by her towering
Webster, her great organ, or her Prentiss, for
he was born there, although he bloomed and
blossomed and bore his fruit in another section
of the country.
I propose, Mr. President, to discuss this
question and limit my remarks simply to ihe
point at issue before the Senate, and not to
enter at any great length into other consider-
ations. Now I will give way to the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. Let us
