3222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
observed exception. I think we may present
the civil service iu a favorable light, as com-
pared with the service in private employment
throughout the country; for I venture to say
that where there has been defalcation in the
public service there has been a great deal more
among cashiers, tellers, clerks, accountants,
book-keepers, conductors, ticket agents, and
other employes of our large corporations and
of our private establishments. 1 am inclined
to think that if we could get perfect wisdom
and perfect honesty another form of Govern-
ment than- ours might, perhaps, be the best—•
a Government of one man; but in the present
state of things we do notfind that element; we
find nowhere perfect wisdom or perfect hon-
esty. We are obliged to take men as they are.
And I think a great deal has been set down
against the civil service of this country which
is properly chargeable to our common human
nature.
When we organized our Government the
problem attempted to be solved was to pro-
duce the best form of stable government with
the minimum of virtue and intelligence. And
for that purpose we made the people the basis
of all power, and required the various officers
of thejjovernment to go back to the people,
and to be kept near to them. We ourselves
have to face the people once in every two
years; our associates in the Senate once in
every six years; the executive officers, and
indirectly all the officers of the civil service,
once in every four years. It is not an idle
figure of rhetoric, it is not a wild scream of
the American eagle, to say, as has been said
a thousand times, that we have the best Gov-
ernment the world ever saw.
This bill proposes to remove the officers of
the civil service one step, and a very long step,
further from the people by interposing between
the President and Congress on the one hand,
and the civil service on the other, a council
of four men who are to be charged with the
whole supervision of the civil service, without
whose behest no man can be appointed, with-
out whose permission no man can be removed.
Now, this coifhcil of four is to be removable,
or is not to be removable, at the pleasure of
the Execntive. Upon that point the bill is
silent, and I did not observe that the gentle-
man from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes] in the
general debate on this bill gave us any opinion
ou this point. If he did 1 did not hear it.
Mr. JEN CKES. They come under the gen-
eral law.
Mr. MAYNARD. If they are removable, ;
then yon will have a convenient shelter behind i
which a weak or unprincipled Executive may
retire and shelter himself from public respons-
ibility. If they are not removable, then you
will have a power which will be above the Pres-
ident, above the Senate, and above the people.
You will have four men with authority over
twenty-three thousand subordinate officers, not
amenable to the people, to reach whom I can
see no method which can be devised by the
people or their Representatives. We are some-
times referred to the civil service system in
Europe. I beg to call attention of gentlemen
to the fact that the European system and our
system are very different. The object of gov-
ernment in Europe is to get as far as possible
away from the people. The people, on the
other hand, have been trying to get at the Gov-
ernment for many years past. That is the
struggle which has long been going on there.
That is the meaning of the svnatm comultum
and the plebiscite now agitating France; the
question whether the Government shall be or
shall not be independent of the people. That
is the meaning of the contest which has been
going on in Spain for more than a year. That
is the meaning of the many struggles which
have agitated Europe for the last two hundred
years. The object in this country is to keep
the Government near to the people. We have
bad struggles to remove the Government from
the people. The late rebellion was such &
movement. The meaning of the rebellion wad
to make the Government further removed
I from the people. Itwasnot a rebellion against
this Government merely, but against all free
, and popular Government.
I call the attention of gentlemen to the second
page of this bill that they may see what it is
proposed these four commissioners shall have
power to do. In the first place, they are to
prescribe the qualifications requisite for an
appointment in any branch of the public ser-
vice. Then they are to examine every public
officer, either by themselves or by their subor-
dinates. Now, of these public officers there
are twenty-three thousand who will be subject
to examination. I suppose it will not be too
much to say that it will, on the average, re-
quire one hour to examine each person. Allow-
ing, then, one hour to each person, and allow-
ing six working hours to a day, which is about
the time usually devoted to the public busi-
ness, it will require three thousand eight hun-
dred and thirty-three days, or between twelve
and thirteen years, to examine these twenty-
three thousand officeholders.
Then recollect that not only are these office-
holders to be examined, but all applicants for
office also ; and allowing at a moderate calcu-
lation at least six applicants for each office, and
allowing one hour for each person examined,
you will have seventy-five years of labor here
provided for. And all this is to be done by this
council of four and their assistants. Why, it is
a power that is perfectly astonishing, appalling
to contemplate. It is a machine of great, over-
whelming, and overshadowing authority which
we ought not to set up in this land without the
most deliberate consideration. The expense,
although a comparatively small matter, because
we can afford to pay for whatever is worth
paying for, is not to be overlooked. The sala-
ries, necessary traveling expenses, &c., pro
vided in the ninth section to be paid to the
commissioners themselves would not amount to
very much ; but there is a further provision that
"the necessary expenses of any persons em-
ployed by said commissioners as assistants''
are to be accounted for and verified, &c. Why,
sir, these seventy five years of labor at this
rate_ would amount to a sum which my mathe-
matical abilities do not enable me to calcu-
late even satisfactorily to my own miud.
I wish to call attention also to the thirteenth
section of the bill. It is a short section, but
a very suggestive one. It provides—
That the President, and alfto the Senate, may re-
quire any person applying for or, recommended for
any office which requires confirmation by the Senate
to appear before said board and be examined *8 to
his qualifications, either before or after being coin-
missioned; and the result, of such examiuatio * shall
be reported to the President and to the Senate.
This provision would enable a hostile Pres-
ident or a hostile senatorial majority to mor-
tify any officer of the Army or Navy, or in the
diplomatic or judicial service, or the head of
any bureau or Department, by calling him
before this council.of four and subjecting him
to an examination in case he happened to be
beyond their reach.
Now, who will compose this council of four?
Certainly they will not be men of the highest
class. First-class men will neither seek nor
accept these offices. We shall be obliged to
content ourselves with at leastsecond-rate men.
It is within the range of possibility that we may
have a hostile President or an Opposition Sen-
ate who will start against some public man a
suggestion for an examination, as such a sug-
gestion was. sprung in this House the other
day for an investigation, which is now being
pursued, concerning the character of one of
our Army officers. It strikes me that this is
a dangerous and unnecessary power.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As the law now.
stands a hostile President may turn out an
officer without examination.
. Mr. MAYNARD. He cannot turn out the
Chief Justice of the United States or the Gen-
eral of the Army.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This bill does not
relate to such officers.
Mr. MAYNARD. My friend from New
Hampshire [Mr. Ela] made yesterday a sug-
gestion which I thought entitled to more con-
sideration than some members were inclined
to give it, as to the character of men who would
be likely to obtain offices under such an exam-
ination as is contemplated by the bill. They
would be, as the gentleman suggests, men of
mere books, men who could answer perchance
questions in algebra or geometry, but not men
of practical ability. Under tuch a system, if
I may say it without disparagement, a corps of
superannuated college boys would come in to
take the places that ought to be filled by men.
Mr. Speaker, I have consumed more time
than I intended. I now yield ten minutes to
my friend from Maine, [Mr. Peters.]
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I was opposed
to this bill yesterday, and I am still more op-
posed to it to day. I said yesterday, and I
repeat to-day, that if this bill were desigued as
apiece of machinery to be confined entirely in
its operations to the clerks in the Departments
here at Washington I might be willing to vote
for it as an experiment. But I think that even
with regard to the Departments here the bill
contains more machinery than is necessary;
or, adopting a nautical phrase, there is too
much horse-power of steam in the bill for the
craft which it is to carry; for I believe that in
relation to the Departments here at Washing-
ton, if we had a few stringent rules and regu-
lations made by the heads of the Departments,
and decently observed, there would be no need
of a measure of this kind, even as far as the
employes at Washington are concerned. But,
sir, to apply the machinery of this bill to all
the offices outside of Washington, is, in my
opinion, impolitic and impracticable and im-
possible. In the limited moments I now have
all that I shall seek to do will be to notice a
few salient points in the bill.
Now, sir, this bill covers all the deputies of
all the collectors and of all the assessors in the
internal revenue, and all the deputies, all the
inspectors, and all the under officers of all tbe
collectors in the external revenue departments
of the Government. It covers all tbe detect-
ives in both of those departments. I f I under-
stand the bill, it covers all the deputy marshals
in the United States. I hold it also covers tbe
clerks of the United States courts wherever
they exist. I want to know who can judge
best whether a man be a fit person as deputy
collector? I ask whether the best judge is uot
the collector, who knows the man, his charac-
ter, his qualities? Is he not a better judge,
with all his experience, than a board of stran-
gers who may be sent to the locality from
Washington ?
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. PETERS. Be as brief as possible.
Mr. JENCKES. Suppose the collector means
to be a thief, would you then let him appoint
his deputy ?
Mr. PETERS. The President must look
after the collector. Turn him out.
Mr. JENCKES. How can he do it without
this bill ?
Mr. PETERS. This bill does not under-
take to look after the collectors.
Mr. JENCKES. It does.
Mr. PETERS. I say, sir, that as the mer-
chant can tell best whom he wants as his clerks,
so the collector can tell best whom he wants
as his deputies. Would you leave the depu-
ties of marshals of the United States to be
appoiuted by a board of commissioners? Shall,
that board appoint a deputy of the marshal of
the State of Maine, for instance, for whom the
marshal has to give a bond, and for whose
official conduct he is responsible? Will you
have that appointment taken from the mar-,
shal, the man who has to bear the response
bility, and give it to this board of four men,
who b$vp pq knowledge of the candidate, no
