4166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
dollars, it seems to me would be going a little
farther than the Government have ever gone
befli\ SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Oregon whether we have not by treaty stipu-
lations agreed to hold these lands in trust for
the Indians, and to give them the full proceeds
of the sale of the lands ?
Mr. CORBETT. I do not understand that
we have. ,
Mr. SHERMAN. It was so stated by Sen-
ators on both sides.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not so understand it.
Mr. HARLAN. Two fifths of them are held
in trust, and three fifths are not.
Mr. SHERMAN. So far as the lands are
Jield by the Indians under Indian title, as a
matter of course I would not vote for any such
proposition as either of these in regard to such
lands. But Senators onboth sides, as I under-
stood them, said that this land was held in
trust, and the Senator from Iowa certainly read
a law or treaty which extended the trust to all
these lands.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes; whenever the Indians
should agree to it.
Mr. CORBETT. Now, do we want to ex-
tend the trust to that extent, to give them the
full amount for which we sell these lands to the
settlers as we retail them out?
Mr. SHERMAN.. We have agreed to that.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not understand that
the trust is in that sense, that we are to give
them the price that we get for the lands after
surveying them and retailing them out to set-
tlers and inducing settlements upon them,
whereby we make them valuable. I do not
think that this was intended to be any such
trust as that. If we agreed to exercise this
trust over them, of course whatever we agreed
to do we will do; but we have not agreed to
exercise the trust, as I understand, except as
to these railroad companies. It was originally
contemplated that we were to act as trustees
for the Indians, and see that they got$l,600,000
from the railroad companies for these lands.
The Committee on Indian Affairs refused to
allow the lands to be sold to the railroad com-
panies, fearing that there might be a monopoly
of the lands, and they concluded to allow the
United States to come in and take these lands,
not merely at the price the Indians were to
get from the railroad companies, but $-100,000
more. We were willing to give them $2,000,000
for the lands, and then, after paying them the
$2,000,000, we would sell the lands to the set-
tlers until we reimbursed the Government for
that amount, and then the lands should be sub-
ject to settlement like all other public lands.
That is the simple proposition in a nut-shell,
as I understand it.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Maine
will accept a proviso which I have drawn, to
come in at the end of his amendment, so far
as I am concerned I shall be satisfied with it.
The proviso is in these words:
Provided, That after SI,600,000 has been received
by the United States these lands shall be disposed or
as other public lands are sold, and all laws applying
to the public lands shall thereafter apply to these
lands, and the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections in
each township shall be reserved for schools.
As the Senator from Maine has drawn this
amendment, unless the lands happen to be paid
for within the two years the Indians will get
nothing, because the lands are to be open to
homestead settlement after two years; and who
expects that $1,600,000 will be paid for the
lands in two years? As the amendment now
stands the lands are to be sold to settlers at
$1 25 per acre for two years. That does not
secure any given sum; and at the end of two
years you open them to homestead settlement.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all.
Mr. POMEROY. i am talking about the
amendment as the Senator from Maine has
amended it. If the Senator will accept the
proviso that I suggest, it will be a fair settle-
ment of this question, in my opinion. Actual
settlers will go on and pay for these lands until
$1,600,000 has been received. After that they
are declared public lands, and all the laws
applicable to public lands attach to them. _ Will
the Senator from Maine accept this proviso to
his amendment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If I understood
precisely the effect of it I would ; but as I do
not, I do not feel at liberty to do so. _
Mr. POMEROY. Then I move it as an
amendment. _ _ ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kansas make a motion ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; I move this as
an amendment to the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Kansas.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is an amendment
in the third degree. t . ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in the
third degree, and is not in order.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Maine to one feature
of his proposition which. I think has escaped,
his attention. If I understood him, he did not
wish to compel these Indians to sell the lands
in this mode, butl think his amendmentwould
require them to do so :
That the United States will receive in trust the
lands of the Osage Indians, in the State of Kansas,
known as the Great and Little Osage reservations,
not now held in trust by the United States by treaty
with said Indians dated 29th September, I860, and
will dispose of said lands as other public lands not
subject to the homestead laws, for cash, at a price not
less than$l 25 per acre, and after deducting expenses
of survey and sale will hold the proceeds thereot lor
the use and benefit of said Indians.
That is one proposition; that the United
States will accept these lands in trust and sell
them in the mode indicated. I see no consult-
ation of the Indians in this proposition. Sup-
pose the Indians do not agree to it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The language is
guarded. It does not say that the United
States will take these lands, but that the
United States will receive the lands and accept
the trust.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
thinks that term sufficient 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It does not mean
anything more.
Mr. HARLAN. "That the United States
will receive in trust the lands of the Osage
Indians, in the State of Kansas."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And we will
accept the further trust, the trust in addition
to what is provided for in the treaty. What I
mean to say to thelndians is, " We will receive
these lands now in trust, the whole of them,
and we will absolutely dispose of them so and
so." That is all that that means.
Mr. HARLAN. "And will dispose of said
lands as other public lands not subject to the
homestead laws." What is meant by that?
These lands are to be disposed of as other
public lands not subject to the homestead laws
are disposed of. What public lands of the
United States are there that are not subject to
the homestead laws? I do not comprehend
the meaning of that phrase.
And the Secretary of the Interior, under the direc-
tion of the President, is authorized and directed,
with the consent of said Indians, to provide for them
a permanent home in the Indian territory, the cost
of which and of the removal thereto, and tor tem-
porary support thereon, to be deducted from the
amount "received from the sales of said lands. And
all lands remaining unsold after two years from the
passage of this act shall be disposed of by the Sec-
retary of the Interior without respect to limitation
of price, or in the mode to be hereafter provided by
law."
Why, Mr. President, these lands will not
probably be surveyed in less than a year. We
are not sure that they can be surveyed in a year.
It was more than a year after the other trust
lands were received before they were surveyed
and the surveys approved. Then all that are
not absolutely sold after they come into market
and have been in the market for less than a
year are to be disposed of without regard to
price. I am sure the honorable Senator from
Maine does not intend to dispose of this Indian
property in this way. He is & friend of the
Indians. He does not wish the squatters to
cheat them out of their ancient domain that
they have held time out of- mind. He desires
to protect their interests and to secure for them
a fair compensation for their property; and
yet he presents a proposition to the Senate
that will enable the Department, if they shall
carry it into effect as it how stands} to turn
over these lands to the squatters for a song.
He does not intend that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to inquire whether he has exam-
ined the proposition submitted by the Senator
from Kansas, which I will send to him!
Mr. POMEROY. While the Senator from
Iowa is looking at that I wish to make a remark
to the Senator from Maine. The difficulty with
his proposition is this: he offers these lands to
the actual settlers at $1 25 per acre, but pre-
scribes no time when they shall pay. Then,
at the end of two years, the lands are to be
open to homestead settlement or in any other
way the Government may prescribe. _ I here-
fore, as nobody is required to pay, it is not
likely that anybody will pay, aud after two
years the homestead settlers can get the land,
and the Indians receive nothing. That is the
difficulty with the Senator's proposition. I he
Senator started out with the declaration ftat
he wanted to do justice to the Indians. His
proposition deprives the Indians of any price
at all for their land ; but if in addition to his
proposition he would accept this proviso, that
after the Government receives $1,000,000,
which is the price the Indians proposed to take,
the lands shall be disposed of as other public
lands are sold 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to ask
the Senator whether this state of facts does not
exist there : it is said there are twenty thousand
squatters in that territory. The Senator s col-
league tells the Senate that they have probably
selected the most valuable of the lauds. Now,
under my proposition would not the Indians
get pay for those lands ?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Why not? _
Mr. POMEROY. You have not prescribed
any time; you have not said that the settler
shall pay within two years. You have only said
that he may have the land within that time
without prescribing any time of payment; but
after two years you open the lands to every-
body, and then he takes them with the rest.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have said that
the Government will receive these lands in
trust, and will sell them for not less than $1 25
per acre.
Mr. POMEROY. But after two years they
are open to everybody. You do not require
them to pay within two years.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine._ It does not
demand pay, but it authorizes immediate pay.
Mr. HOWE. I think I caa suggest one diffi-
culty that the Senator from Maine will see the
force of at once, but it seems to me it can be
cured very readily. The Senator by this amend-
ment proposes to authorize the Government
of the United States to receive these lands or
some lands, I take it, from the Indians, and to
hold those lands in trust. That is one prop-
osition. Next, he means to authorize the Gov-
ernment to dispose of those lands, he says, as
other public lands are disposed of. Then he
adds words which I suppose were added in
order to exempt them from homestead settle-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Y'es: they were.
Mr. IIOWE. That was his object; but they
would still be subject to preemption, aud I take
it he does not mean to allow them to be pre-
empted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir ; 1 do
not. .
Mr. HOWE. Then they would be subject
to sale. Those two exceptions being made,
