1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
little time left in which to get the joint reso-
lution through both Houses I desire prompt
action.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I know
nothing about this case, and am disposed to
ficcept the statement of the gentleman from
California, but this mode of legislation is so
dangerousthat I mustobjeefc. It has constantly
led as into difficulties. The joint resolution
nas been referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and I am willingthat committee should
be instructed to report at once. I wish the
sanction of the report of a committee before I
am called upon to vote.
Mr. SA.RGENT. I will send to the Clerk's
desk to be read an extract from the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury showing that this
measure has competent authority iu its sup-
port.
The Clerk read as follows:
44An Agreement was made on tho 11th day of Fob-
runry, 18G9, between tho Secretary of tho Treasury,
2, ,?r 8 . oj tho United States, and certain oarticsin
California, leasing a lot of land in San Francisco
known as the custom-house block' for the period
of twenty-five years. This lease is subject to tho
conuition that it shall be void if Congress, on or
before the 1st day of January, 1870, shall tako ad-
verse action in reference thereto. In viewofthofact
taat the lease is for a long period of tirao, and being
of the opinion that the Government should retain
control of property that may bo needed for public
purposes, X think it expedient for Congress to annul
the lease."
Mr. SARGENT. I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio. [JJr. Wei.kuii.]
Air. WELKER. I desire to say, in refer-
ence to the matters involved in the resolution
offered by the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Sahgext,] that the Committee on Retrench-
ment on the occasion of their visit to San Fran-
cisco took this subject into consideration,
made an examination of the lot and its sur-
roundings, and of the contract, and were unani-
mously of opinion that the contract ought to
be annulled; that the consent of Congress
ought not to be given to the making of that
lease. Tiio lot is very favorably located for
the erection of Government offices, and for
this reason it is desirable that the title should
not be given away by the Government, or any
incumbrance placed upon the property in the
shape of this lease or any lease whatever. In
order that suitable buildings may be provided
for the public offices on the Pacific coast it, is
necessary that the Government should retain
in its own hands the control of the lot in ques-
tion, so that it may be a site for tho public
buildings when they come to be erected. The
committee were unanimously of opinion that
this lease ought not to lie sanctioned by the
action of Congress.
Mr. SARGENT. I yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoopbb.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I merely
desire to say that the members of the^ Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, who were in San
Francisco last summer, not in their capacity
as a committee, but individually, looked some-
what into this matter, and the conclusion they
arrived atwas thatcontended for by the gentle-
man who has just spoken, that this resolution
ought to be adopted and that the contract shou Id
not be carried into effect. I understand that it
will take effect unless stopped by some action
of Congress before the 1st of January next, and
in that case it will take the control ot the
property from the Government for twenty-live
years. I therefore hope the resolution will be
adopted.
Mr. SARGENT. I yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Johnson.]
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to say a word or two
in regard to this resolution. 1 shall make no
objections to its passage ; but I wish to state
to the House what action has been taken by
myself and other members of Congress, Rep-
resentatives and Senators from the Pacific
1 coast, with reference to this matter. Proceed-
1 ing on the recommendation of the military
' authorities stationed in California, the postmas-
! ter and the collector of customs at ban Fran-
cisco, and other distinguished citizens resi-
dent there, the two Senators from California,
(then Mr. Conness and Mr. Cole,) Mr. Ax-
tell, Mr. Higuy, and myself recommended, a
year or more ago, that this block, or half
block, be leased to a party, not the party who
did get itbut the party then applying for it, for
the sum of $10,000 a year, i£2,o00 less than
the sum named in tiiis lease. 1 knew nothing
about the property myself, but I took the rec-
ommendation of the people of the city of San
Francisco. They sent word to us—and their
statement was verified, I believe, by the Sen-
ators and Representatives familiar with the
ground—that it was covered with rat-traps and
filthy dens, and that it would be a great saving
to the Government of the United States if a
lease could be made with the parties theu ask-
ing it uuder which they would furnish to the
Government rooms for the Federal courts,
rooms for the military officers, and rooms for
the tax collectors and revenue officers upon
that coast. I believed myself that a lease as
proposed would save $75,000 a year to the
Government, and therefore I recommended it
in good faith. The same reasons which actu-
ated me then in recommending the lease would
actuate me now in saying that the lease is for
the very best interests of this Government.
But there is objection to the terms of the lease
and to the way in which it was made. My col-
league exhorts me to be very brief, and I can-
not go into that question. I shall make no
objection to whatever action the House may
see proper to take in this matter, as perhaps,
after hearing the lease read and the recom-
mendation of tho Secretary of the Treasury,
they would be as well acquainted with the
whole concern as they would be after investi-
gation.by a committee.
Mr. SARGENT. It was very far from my
purpose to impute any improper motives to my
colleague. In recommending the lease origin
ally 1 believe ho was actuated by an honest
desire to save money to the Government. In
fact, my own attention was first, especially drawn
to the matter by himself. The examination
which I subsequently made led mo to a different
conclusion, which is now shared by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. 1 cannot see any econ-
omy to the Government that would result from
this lease taking effect. It certainly removes
a very valuable property from the control of
the Government and of the Secretary of the
Treasury for twenty-five years, and that for a
very light rent,—a rent which is not adequate at
all to tiio value of the property. Further, this
lease was made without any attempt by adver-
tising to procure better terms for tho Govern-
ment. How large a rent competition would
bring is unknown, ft is said that responsible
parties would be glad to pay much more for
the property. The consideration recited in the
lease, aside from tho money, is suspicious. It
recognizes lobbyservice in the California Legis-
lature at least. Indeed, I believe that, one of
the lessees was a member of the Legislature
that removed a cloud from the Government
title; and this lease repays his services in the
passage of that bill, if the lease was in con-
templation at the time those services were
rendered every gentleman will agree with me
that such a contract is contrary to sound morals.
In view of these reasons why the Govern-
ment should retain control of this property I
have introduced this resolution.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Sabgent. ] By what officer of the Government
and under what authority has this lease been
made?
Mr. SARGENT. It was made by the former
Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. McCulloch. I
will remark, however, that I do not believe
the Secretary of the Treasury has power to
bind the Government by a lease of this char-
acter without the express authority ofCongress.
But if the lease be not rescinded by such a
measure as I now propose it will be likely to
lead to litigation, whereby the Government
may possibly be subjected to great expense.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask further
what is the amount of rent provided for by the
agreement ?
Mr. SARGENT. Twelve thousand dollars
per annum, with, the condition that buildings
of a certain character shall be erected, and
that the upper stories shall be at the service
of the Government for the use of the revenue
officers.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, I would also lii;e to
know whether this property is occupied or
unoccupied ; whether there are any buildings
upon the lot, and whether those buildings
belong to the Government.
Mr. SARGENT. The buildings now upon
it belong to the Government, and are used as
revenue offices. 'The agreement which I pro-
pose shall be rescinded provides that this lot,
which is already occupied by buildings used
by Government officers, shall be leased to pri-
vate parties at a rent which I deem inadequate,
giving to these parties the control of this Gov-
ernment property in the very heart of our city.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What is the value of the
property?
Mr. SARGENT. That is a very difficult
question to answer ; but the rent proposed to
be paid is a very small percentage on the whole
value of the property. The tract is very large,
being bounded by three streets. I now call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the motion of Mr. Sargent
to reconsider the vote by which the joint reso-
lution had been referred to the Committee on
Commerce was agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being; en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joiut resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GENERAL DEBATE.
Mr. DAWES. I understand several gentle-
men desire to transact business, and I will
therefore delay the motion to go into Gom-
mittee of the YVhole on the state of the Union.
ALASKA.
Mr. CULLOM. Mr. Speaker, what is the
regular order of business?
The SPEAKER. The call of committees
for reports.
Mr. CULLOM. I submit the following res-
olution :
Renolved, That five hundred copies of General
Georgo H. Thomas's report in relation to Alaska be
printed in pamphlet form for the uso of tho House,
The SPEAKER. The resolution under the
law will be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mi-. MAYNAItD. Have the Committee on
Printing the power to amend the resolution?
The SPEAKER. They have.
Mr. MAYNARD. If theyhad not I should
move to amend, for five hundred is not enough.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
covington post office building.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 444) for
the erection of a city post office, United States
court-room, and internal revenue office in the
city of Covington, Kentucky; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
drawing of seats.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to submit a priv-
ileged resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sesolved, That the House do now proceed to draw
for seats of mombere, as follows: the Clerk of tho
House shall place in a box the name of oach member
