1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5111
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF TAPEKS.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered^ That Mrs. Frances M. Jackson, widow of
John A. Jackson, a loyal citizen of Tennessee, pray-
ing compensation for cotton illegally seized by agents
©f the United States and the proceeds turned into
tbo Treasury, have leave to withdraw her memorial
from the files of the Senate.
HEPOUTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1013) to establish a transatlan-
tic postal telegraphic service by an American
eaJbJe, reported it with an ameudment.
"He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No, 1115) for the
relief of Robert Brigham, late postmaster at
Franklin, Penns37lvania, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
sresolution (H. R. No. 289) authorizing the
"Secretary of War to furnish cannon to soldiers'
monument at Morristown, Morris couuty, New
Jersey, reported it with amendments.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
Retrenchment, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2226) to regulate the purchase of
fuel for the legislative and executive depart-
ments, and for the military and naval establish-
ments of the United States in the District of
Columbia, reported it without amendment.
KLYISfl ANL) IIAltliOR HILL.
Mr, CHANDLER. I am directed by the
Oomraittee on Commerce, to whom was re-
ierred the bill (H. 11. No. 2002) making appro-
priations for the repair, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes, lor the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1871, to report it back
and recommend its passage, aud I should like
to ask consent to fix a day when we can con-
sider it. I am not particular as to the day,
but I should like an early day ; I will say, if
agreeable to the Senate, next Wednesday.
Mr. POMEROY. What bill is it?
Mr. CHANDLER. The river and harbor
bill. I will name next Wednesday, if it is agree-
able to the Senate. I wish to have an early
day for the consideration of this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. We are so circumscribed
in our time that I think we ought not to appro-
priate a day for any measure now.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is an appropria-
tion bill, and of course such bills have prece-
dence.
Mr. RAMSEY. Itisagreat public measure.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that it be made
the special order for Wednesday next.
Mr. POMEROY. That is a good way not
to get the bill up.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that it be made
the special order for Wednesday next.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Whatisthebill?
Mr. CHANDLER. The river and harbor
bill—an appropriation bill. 1 ask unanimous
consent that it bo made 
Mr. EDMUNDS. You do not need unani-
mous consent.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very veil; I move that
it be made a special order.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes thirty-une, noes not counted.
PAYMENT OP PENSION'S,
Mr. EDMUNDS. The committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the quarterly pension bill have
agreed to make a report, which I ask to have
read.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference ; n the disagreeing
votes of the two House* on the amendments to the
bill UI. Ti. >To. 19S/) defining the duties of pension
agents, and for other purposes. having met, after
j'uU au4 fic* roiifrreuoe, ha ve -xuiovd to recommend.
and do recommend, to their respective Souses as
follows:
That the Senate reccde from, their amendments
numbered 4 and 7.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments numbered 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 8, 9,10,11,
12.13,14,15, and 10, and agree to the same.
That ibe Senate recede from their amendment
numbered 17, to section nine, and agree to the same
amended as follows:
Strike out said section, auu insert in lieu thereof
the following:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the fee of
agents and attorneys for the preparation and prosecu-
tion of a claim for pension or bounty land under any or
all of the various acts of Congress granting the same
shall not exceed in any case the sum of twenty-five
dollars. "It shall be the duty of the agent or attorney
of record in the prosecution of the case to cause to
be filed, with the Commissioner of Pensions for his
approval, duplicate articles of agreement without
additional cost to the claimant, setting forth the fee
agreed upon by the parties, and which agreement
sball be executed in presence of and certified by
some officer competent to administer oaths. In all
cases where application is made for pension or bounty
land and no agreement is filed with and approved by
the Commissioner as herein provided, the fee shall
be ton dollars, and no more.
Si:c. —. And be it further enacted. That any agent
or attorney who shall directly or indirectly contract
for, demand, receive, or retain any greater compen-
sation for his services as such agent or attorney in
any claim for pension or bounty land than is pre-
scribed or allowed under the provisions of the pre-
ceding sec&on shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor. and upon conviction thereof shall, for every
such offense, bo fined not exceeding $500, or impris-
oned athard labor not exoeedmgfive years, or both,
in the discretion of the conrl.
Skc. —. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Pensions shall forward the certificate
of pension granted in any case to the a^ent tor pay-
ing pensions where said certificate shall be made
payable, and at the same lime forward therewith
one of the articles of agreement filed in the c/tac and
approved by the Commissioner, setting forth the fee
agreed upon between the claimant and tho attorney
oi agent: and where no agreement is on file, da here-
inbefore provided, he shall direct that a fee of ton
dollars only bo paid said agent or attorney.
Skc. —. And be it further enae'ed, That it shall be
the duty of the agent paying such pension to deduct
from the amount duo the pensioner the amount of
f<Vi so agreed upon or directed by the Commissioner
to be paid, where no agreement is tiled and approved,
and to forward or cause to he forwarded to the agent
or attorney of record named in the said agreement;
or, in case there is no agreement, to the agent, prose-
cuting the case, the amount of the proper ioe, de-
ducting therefrom the sum of thirty cents, in pay-
ment of his services in forwarding the same.
And that the Ilouse agree to the same.
GEORGE E. EDMUNDS,
D. D. Pi!ATT,
THOMAS C. MeCREERY,
Momujern on the part of the Senate.
J. F. BENJAMIN,
J. BKMTON.
JOHN T. BIRD,
Managers on Iheixai of the J louse.
The report was concurred in.
AMENDMENT TO Al'PltOI'llI VPION HILL,
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bili (II. Ii. No.
2165) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1871, and for other purposes ;
which was referred to the Commilli-e on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
INDIA:*,' APPIlOI'Iir.VTlON BILL. j
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to sub-
mit a report from the committee of conference ]
on the Indian appropriation bill, which 1 ask |
I to have read. !
I The Chief Clerk read as follows: I
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing j
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the :
Senate to the bill (IT. R. No. 11GU) making appropri- j
ations for the currentand contingent expenses of the J
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula- j
tions (so called) with vauous Indian tribes for the |
year ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes, ,
havingmet, after full and free conference have been >
unable to agree. _ \
L MORRILL. i
JAMES HARLAN, ;
GARRET! DAVIS, j
3[a.xayera on the part of the Senate.
A. A. SARGENT,
,3.13. BECK,
SIDNEY CLARKE.
Managers on the j<ai I of the House,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
the disagreement between the conferees of ihe
Senate and of the House W placed upon
grounds that are at once so important and
remarkable that I think, in presenting this
report,, it becomes my'duty to state briefly the
grounds of that disagreement.
Jt will be seen that this is a bill making
appropriations to carry into effect, or "to ful-
fill,'1 in the language of the bill, certain treaties
made with the various Indian tribes. The
bill, in the fulfillment of that obligation on the
part of the Government, appropriates with re-
gard to, perhaps, some seventy or eighty trea-
ties ; but it fails to appropriate as to some half a
dozen others. The precise point of difference
between the two branches is that the House
flatly deny the authority of the Senate to
make treaty stipulations which shall bind the
Ilouse.
I do not intend to detain tho Senate longer
than is necessary to state simply the points of
difference. That the House should thus assume
to controvert the authority of the Senate to
make treaty stipulations with the Indian tribes
I think will, upon a moment's reflection, be
thought to be the more remarkable in that in
this very bill sent to us the House say it is a
bill to provide for the fulfillment of treaty
stipulations made with various Indian tribes.
Now, Mr. President, how does this matter
stand on the question of authority? What is
the authority of the Senate of the United
States over this subject? In the first place,
omitting all questions of a constitutional char-
acter, its authority rests on prescription ; that
is to say, on the exercise of this authority
through the entire existence of this Govern-
ment. The first treaty was made in 1789, in
August, 1 think, the first year the Government
was organized under the Constitution. The
practice of making treaties with the Indian
tribes goes back anterior to the organization
of the Government, even under the Confed-
eracy. Therefore, here is a practice on the
part of the Senate coeval with tho existence
of the Government, and uninterrupted and
unbroken through the entire period of the Gov-
ernment's existence, in which this authority
hasbeen exercised more than a thousand times,
doubtless.
But that is not all. It has not only been
claimed and assumed and exercised by the
Senate, but the other branch of the Legisla-
ture, the House of Representatives, has coti'
curred in it, assented to it, and cooperated
with the Senate in carrying out these treaty
stipulations. So you perceive that our authority
first rests on the right of prescription, inde-
pendent of any fine-spun theories about the
Constitution, if you please; upon an uninter-
rupted use of this authority through the entire
period of the existence of the Government,
in wliieh the House of Representatives has
uniformly concurred, and in which it is absent-
ing and concurring with the single exception
to which I shall advertin a few moments. This
is the authority, by way of prescription and use
of this distinctive right, if there could be any
question upon the constitutional point.
But, to show how conclusive this authority
is, the uniform opinion of the courts, 1 may say
the whole current of judicial authority from
the earliest period of the Government, under
the Constitution, runs in the same direction.
I shall content myself with reading a single
authority from Chief Justice Marshall, who in
a very elaborate opinion, at an early period in
our history, sums up the whole question of our
relations with the Indians as nations, and the
power of the Senate of the United States to
treat with them in this particular way. It was
brought to the attention of the court in the
case of Johnson & Graham's Lessee vs. Wil-
liam Mcintosh. The opinion will be found at
large in 8 Wheaton's Reports, page 543. Chief
Justice Marshall, delivering the opinion of the
court, held this language :
" The Indian nations bad always been considered
as distinct, independent, political communities, re-
taining their original natural rights, as the undis-
puted possessors of the soil, from time immemorial;
with the single exception of that imposed by iire-
sisti'ole power, which excluded them from intercourse
with any other European potentate than the iirstdis-
eoTerer of thecoatt of the particular region claimed:
