1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4167
there would be this one mode left for the dis-
positioji of them, I take it; that is, they would
be offered from time to time at public auction,
and sold to the highest bidder at not less than
$1 25 per aero.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That was my
notion about it, and I supposed from the state
of facts in Kansas and the value of these lands
that in that event there would be no lack of
purchasers. If there are twenty thousand
squatters there, they of course w.ould purchase
these lands. I do pot wish to put them into
the market under circumstances that would be
oppressive even to those men. I am only
desirous of securing a reasonable compensation
to the Indians, in the expectation that they will
leave the State.
Mr. HOWE. I can tell the Senator the
practical difficulties he will meet with. I have
no doubt, there being so many squatters there,
they would be glad to purchase these lands at
S>1 25 per acre, and would probably the whole
of them 
Mr. POMEROY. The best of them.
Mr. HOWE. They would probably pur-
chase the whole of them at $1 25 per acre.
The problem would be, whether other parties
would be permitted to come in and bid against
them, and therefore be enabled to purchase any
of the lands at more than $1 25 per acre. Such
t.hiugs have happened as that squatters have
been able to prevent any bidding against them-
selves, and so have been able to buy in very
valuable lands at the minimum price. That
question would come up in the execution of
this law. But if the Senator excepts these
lands from the operation of the homestead
laws and the preemption laws both, then I
think his provisions are adequate to authorize
the Secretary to offer them at public sale, and
will prohibit him from selling them at less than
$1 25 ; and I should not have any doubt but
that the settlers would buy them, if nobody
else bought them, at $1 25.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It will answer my
purpose to amend the proposition by striking
out the words " not subject to the homestead
laws."
Mr. POMEROY. I want to read to the Sen-
ator from Maine the proposition that is in my
amendment to sell these lands, which was
matured in committee, and I think is not open
to these objections. It says :
Said lands shall be sold to actual settlers only,
in quantities not exceeding ono hundred and sixty
acres to each purchaser, at 81 25 per acre in ca&h—
No chance to locate college scrip—
said settlers being heads of families or tingle per-
sons over twenty-one years of age and citizcnsof the
United States, or having declared their intention to
become such, as provided by law, and who shall have
made such settlement, cultivation, and improvement
as is required by the preemption laws.
That is a matured proposition. Sell the lands
in this way, and there can be no controversy :
Said lands shall be sold to actual settlers only,
in quantities not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres to each purchaser, at $1 25 per acre in cash,
said settlers being heads of families or single persons
over twenty-one years of age and citizens of the
United States, or having declared their intention to
become such, as provided by law.
That is a proposition to sell these lands
matured, well considered, unexceptionable,
alid yet the Senator from Maine extemporizes
a proposition here which secures nothing for
the Indian and only confiscates the land finally,
never terminates the Indian title. That is the
trouble with his proposition. These immense
plains outside of the valleys and the streams
would not be settled in fifty years, and hence
the Indian title, under his proposition, is never
extinguished.
Will not the Senator from Maine accept this
language, which has been matured and is in
harmony with our whole land system, rather
than to introduce into the land system of this
country a new method of disposing of the public
lands, making a complete derangement hard to
administer upon ? It introduces a new element
in the practice, when the language I have em-
ployed here is in precise harmony with the law
we have practiced upon for many years.
jMr. MORRILL, of Maine. In accordance
with the suggestion of the Senator from Wis-
consin, I modify my proposition by striking out
the words'' not subject to the homestead laws
so that it will read "sold for cash at a price
not less than $1 25 an acre." That makes the
whole thing dear.
Mr. POMEROY. It is incomplete then. *
Mr. HARLAN. I would say ''cash only."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. "Cash only."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand that the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
is in favor of putting on to this bill this con-
trivance, this amendment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir. I have
moved to amend the proposition by this.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the use of hag-
gling about this matter? Why not kill the
Indians right on the spot where they are, with-
out going to the trouble of driving them off to
some other place, and then in four or five
years more destroying them in that place?
Where is the advantage to bo gained even to
the Indian himself of harrying him about the
plains from State to Slate and from Territory
to Territory, and then taking his scalp in the
end? Why not as a mercy to him do it at
once ?
Mr. THAYER. Will my friend from Ver-
mont allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. EDMUNDS, Certainly; two if you
•want to.
Mr. THAYER. If the Senator would tell
us what process they used in Vermont perhaps
we might follow the same one. What course
did they pursue toward the Indians in Vermont,
years ago, by which they got their lands ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We did not pursue any
course ; we did not go there until the Indians
had left. [Laughter.] That is all there is to
be said about that.
When the State of Kansas was admitted into
the Union in 18(31 Congress provided, with the
assent of that State, as a solemn stipulation,
that these Indians should not be disturbed,
that the authority and jurisdiction of the State
of Kansas should not apply to them, and that
nothing in the provision about the boundaries
of the State of Kansas shculd have any effect
on the rights of these Indians to stay upon
their reservations unmolested ; and here is the
act before me which states that.
If it is possible for a Government to exercise
any good faith, either the Government of the
United States or the government and people
of the State of Kansas, the Government of the
United States and the people of Kansas are
bound by every sentiment that appeals to hon-
orable and honest men to let these Indians
alone on their reservations, because they have
solemnly stipulated that they would do so, and
because the Indians were the proprietors and
are the proprietors of these lands; and if the
inhabitants of the State of Kansas have gone
upon the reservations and settled they have
gone there in defiance of the act of Congress,
in defiance of the solemn pledge of the State
of Kansas; and now you propose to remedy
that mischief by providing, not that the intrud-
ers, the land thieves, the turbulent body of
men who are willing to grasp the lands liom
the Indians and drive them olf, right or wrong, j
shall make any redress, or retreat into the
proper territory of the Slate of Kansas, but
that the Indians shall go. Is that right? Can
any people expect to prosper who pursue a
policy of that kind?
I do not know but that the fashion out West
is to suppose that an Indian 13 not a. human
being, that he has not any soul although he
exercises the faculties that white men do, that
is, they say ho can steal and kill. A white man
can do that. That is one evidence of human-
ity. Then when you go a little further we have
treaty stipulations with these Indiana. In the j
very last treaty that was made with them, and I
which is in your statute-book, known to the 1
people of Kansas and to the United States, the
United States bind themselves to protect, the
Indians in their rights there, and the Indians
state in the treaty that they place themselves
under the faithful trusteeship and protection
of the United States as their friends and allies;
and the first step we take, right after having1
made such a treaty, is to permit twenty thou-
sand^, as the number is stated, of the people
of Kansas to leave their own lands which are
not yet occupied, for Kansas does not over-
flow from crowding by any means—there is
room for some millions of people yet in the
State of Kansas proper; but you permit twenty
thousand of the people of Kansas to go over
into the Indian reservation and settle, as they
call it; that is, crowd out the Indian from his
own home, if it is not anything but a wigwam;
and then if he resists by the only method known
to his code of international intercourse, by
force in his manner of fighting, then you say,
"Here are great Indian outrages, and we must
have a war; we must drive them off somewhere
else;" and when you have got them driven off
somewhere else, what happens then? If they
settle anywhere except upon the salt plains,
where a man would die in a month, if they
settle in any place where a man can live and
stay, then a fresh body of intruders go into
that country, and in a few years more we are
called upon to drive them again. I say we
oujdit either to maintain these Indians, accord-
ing to our promise, in the land that they own
and where we have said they may stay, or else
we had better be manly about it and provide for
their massacre at once, on the spot. Do not
let us add insult to injury by this method of
treatment of these poor people. I do not
believe in it at all. They can be got along with
as they have been got along with in the State of
Maine, where there are numbers of them now,
and in the State of New York, and in many
of the other States. To be sure they are not
the most agreeable neighbors possible; but if
they have any rights that we are bound to re-
spect at all, if they are to be treated as human
beings who at least will meet us in some other
sphere on terms of equality if they do not here,
then let us treat them in the same way we do
other people; keep our promises to them and
let them alone ; let them stay where they are
until they get ready to go, if they wish to go.
There is no necessity for the people of Kansas
crowding over into that reservation. There is
room enough in the world both for the people
of Kansas and for these Indians ; and if the
white men will keep off from land where they
have promised they will not go there will not
be any special trouble about the occupants of
this reservation. So I think my friend from
Maine makes a mistake when he undertakes to
mitigate, as he supposes, this cruelty, inhu-
manity, and violation of rights, by undertaking
to coat the pill with a little sugar.
Mr. POMEROY. I have heard this s^tory a
great many times about the people of Kansas
leaving their lands and going over to the Indian
reservations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ilave they not done it?
Mr. POMEROY. Nothing could be further
than that fiom being true. I never heard of
a man in my State leaving the lands he had
settled on and paid for, and going on to an
Indian reservation. It is the settler who conies
from Vermont and Massachusetts, seeking
lands 
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is not a citizen of
Vermont oil the whole reservation.
Mr. POMEROY. Vermonters are scattered
all over that reservation.,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I hope you will shoot
every one of them.
Mr. POMEROY. The fact is  
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I appeal to my
friend to let us take the vote.
Mr. POMEROY. I am anxious to come to
a vote. My friend from Vermont says we should
treat these Indians as the people of Maine have
treated their little bands of Indians. I went
