1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
321
Ust Cong....2dSess.
Admission of Georgia—Mr. Thayer.
Senate.
by the question of expediency in each case, to
prohibit, and shut out what we will, to bring in
free of any^ duty what we will, and to lay a
revenue tariff on what we will; and, in laying
on these duties, to discriminate if we will for
the benefit of our own citizens and their in-
terests ; and that any other doctrine than this
is foreign and not American.
1 had not the pleasure of being present to
hear my colleague on the committee, my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] but I am told
i hat he made one strong point in his argument
against protection. The gentleman's speech
has not yet been published in the Globe, and I
get my information from one who listened to
him. A great objection to this discrimination
fur protection, he claimed, must always be that
il. lessens the importations into our country,
thus reducing our revenue and defeating the
very object lot' which a tariff is imposed. That
whs an unfort.min.t9 claim. If you will look
at the last page of the last report of the Spe-
cial Commissioner of the Revenue—I have not
time to read the figures, but any gentlcraa n may
verify what I say by examining 1'or himself—
t here will be found there, a table which gives in
different columns the amount received from
customs, the amount of imports, the propor-
tion of them that are dutiable articles, the pro-
portion of them that come in free, the totals,
aud then the average percentage or duty.
My friend from fowa [Mr. Allison] him-
self has said that he would not object to a
tariff that was about 45 per cunt, all around.
Thai, ha thinks, is about as high as we should
go. Well, il so happens that in this pastycar,
aiu'i: ail the increase upon wool and woolens,
and upon copper, the proportion of importa-
tions of every kind was such that the average
percentage on ali dutiable articles proves to
he '15.43 per cent. Thus, I think, we aie
pretty nearly in the average at the standard
fixed by the most moderate tariff man; and
when wc have got a little below that standard
by our reduction of £23.000,000 1 hope the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] will not
insist upon going back to it. I think we must
have gone down to the neighborhood of -10 per
cent, average by the proposed amendments.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 stated, when addressing
the commiU.ee, that the average of duties on
dutiable articles was 4'Jj per cent., and that 1
believed that on the leading articles we could
make a reduction of one fifth, which would
leave the average at about 40 per cem.
Mr. SCHENOK. That we have done upon
tea and coffee, and more than that upon molas-
ses, and considerably more than that upon
some other thing?. 'What 1 was about to say,
however, is that unfortunately for my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] it s.o happens
that while the tariff was highest in these four
last years—ranging from 43 to 47 per cent,,
according to the relative proportion of articles
imported—it produced a much larger revenue
than it ever did at any previous period. There
were larger imports and a larger revenue. Let
him look for this proof in the table on the last
page again of Mr. Wells's latest report. Hia
theory may be beautiful, but the ugly facts
upset it.
Mr. Chairman, I do not believe that there is
in fact anything like the difference of opinion
and views on this subject among members of
this IJouse that there seems to be. I thought,
and think still, that my two colleagues [Mr.
Wixans and Mr. Stevenson] got a little into
extremes, that they went a bow-shot further
i-in even the Democratic party ever did on
!..).ne of the points they made, and on which I
fine commented. But they were theorizing ;
and pushed along to conclusions which they
■<ould hardly think of reducing to practice.
Aud I did think that my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Marshall,] as well as my colleague, [Mr.
41st Cong. 2t) Sess.—No. 21.
WiNAJfS,] was a little bold and a little at fault
in arraying himself against the framers of the
Constitution on a question as to the meaning
of that instrument, when they had given their
own interpretation to it ao shortly after the
time they made it.
But, sir, among members of this House gen-
erally, even upon both sides of the Chamber,
and particularly among those of the Repub-
lican party, I believe the differences are rather
apparent than real. Surely the most of us
believe in the power to prohibit the importa-
tion of that which would bo hurtful if brought
into the country. We all believe, I think, in
the power to let in free that which we believe
may be so brought in with advantage. We all
believe in the propriety of levying duties to
obtain revenue to supply the wants of the Gov-
ernment; and I think wo pretty much all be-
lieve that a sound, careful, judicious consider-
ation, item by item, of each of the articles
imported and made dutiable, will load to the
conclusion that wo ought to discriminate and
let. in some things at a lower rate of duty than
others. If that be so, what task is there be-
fore us? A proposition to amend our tariff,
to change classifications so as to avoid chances
of evasion, to convert duties, where it is con-
venient, from ad valorem to specifics, so as to
cut oil' opportunities of fraud and make sure
of collection.
And here I slop to remark, or rather to
recall what is familiar to everybody, that if it
were possible, an ad valorem system of duties
would be the fairest in the world, that is, that
everything subject to duly should pay just in
proportion to its value. But such a system is
not possible. It has too much to contend with
in false invoices and undervaluations and per-
juries, and must yield therefore in most in-
stances to the advantages of specific duties both
for purposes of revenue and protection.
If, then, we have so much general ground of
agreement,and on which we can stand together,
I repeat the inquiry, what is the task before
us ? Why, to take up this bill proposing those
various modifications, considerit item by item,
clause by clause, affording an opportunity to
put up that which ought to be raised and t o
put down that which ought to be lowered, to
transfer from the list of dutiable articles to the
free list any additional article which it is thought
ought not to be charged with duty, and thus
come to a general conclusion, taking care in
doing so that we neither destroy the interests
of the people of the country, who are depend-
ing upon us for proper guardianship and care,
nor take away what is if possible still more
important, the ability of the country to meetall
its obligations, to pay its honest debts, and to
keep up the public credit for the future.
Mr. STEVENSON. I was not present when
the gentleman replied to my position, but I
want to say that I quite agree to the proposi-
tion he has just made. So far as he aud I are
concerned we are much nearer together than
he mo.y think wo are. 1 want to eay further,
that whenever any gentleman representing any
interest shows me that that interest really needs
protection to prevent its destruction, I will
go for it just as far as I am satisfied that it
does need protection. But I am not willing
either to make foreign monopolies or home
monopolies.
Mr. SCHENCK. I can readily understand
all that. But these are but general remarks,
a sort, of confession of faith. Now for the
practical. Let us come here to-morrow and
begin to consider this bill, paragraph by para-
graph, and see what we can make of it; and
whether you can do anything better than the
Committee of Ways and Means has proposed to
you. And now, as it happens to be the first
article on the list, I invite you all to tea.
[Laughter.]
Emission of Georgia.
SPEECH OU HONT J. M. TIIAYER,
qe nebraska,
In the Senate of the United States,
April 19,1870.
Tho. Seiiato having under consideration the bill
(II,. R. No.133j) to admit tho State of Georgia to rep-
resentation in tho Congress of tho United States-
Mr. THAYER said:
Mr. President ; If a stranger, ignorant of
the events that have transpired in our coun-
try during the last ten years, had been in this
Chamber as a listener during the progress ot
this debate, and had heard a part of the speeches
which have been delivered, he would hardly
have been led to believe that a great war had
existed for four years in this land ; and when
told that such was the fact, he would have been
inclined to ask, who surrendered at Appomat-
tox? And if ho had listened to the speech
of tho Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Fowlkb]
to-day, it would bo a difficult task to convince
him that, in that State, human life is at a dis-
count ; that thero is in that State a reign of
disorder and violence rarely ever known in a
civilized Government; and yet concurrent tes-
timony conclusively proves this to be the fact.
Before L proceed. I desire to add another
answer to the one given by the Senator from
Alabama [Mr. Wakneh] to the question of the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Saui.sbuf.y, J as
to how many of the white people of the South
are wanted to help build up governments in
tho southern Stales. My answer is, that wo
want just as many as T'epent of the crime of
treason and believe in the thirteenth, four-
teenth, and fifteenth amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States, and support fully
and unqualifiedly the reconstruction acts of
Congress.
Mr. SAULSBURY. "Will my fiiend allow
me to make a suggestion?
Mr. THAYER. Yes, bir.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to ask him if
he will not add in addition, ''and vote the
Republican ticket?"
Mr. THAYER. Well, that '13 a very good
addition, and I think 1 will consider that also.
Mr. President, tho existence of the late war
devolved upon the executive aud legislative
departments of the Government new duties and
new responsibilities, and the exorcise of powers
hitherto unused. So did the close of the war
devolve upon the executive and legislative
departments of tho Government new duties and
new responsibilities, and the exercise of powers
hitherto unused. The first was an emergency
the lilto of which had not before occurred, aud
it called into play, all the untried powers of tho
Constitution. Tho second, equally new, the
like of which had not before occurred, called
into exercise all the untried powcisof the Con-
stitution. Tho lately insurgent Slates lay at
the feet of the United States as conquered
territory. Thero was an absence of civil gov-
ernments. Some power must reconstruct gov-
ernments there. Wo claimed that it was the
province of Congress. Congress being the
organ for carrying into effect trie provisions of
the Constitution, Congress being tho exponent
of the will cf the people, and it being neces-
sary to create governments ont of chaos, it could
only be done by the exercise of tho highest
legislative power of the nation. That power
was Congress.
We embarked upon the work of reconstruc-
tion ; we passed certain enactments; but I am
sorry to say that our policy lias not been en-
tirely successful, because we have met with
obstacles and difficulties in every stage of its
1 progress. The reconstruction laws have been
j the subjects of the severest denunciation of the
1 Democratic party of the nation. They have
