4168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
clown there to Oldtown and saw t ] 1 e 111, find there
is not a pure-blooded Indian among them.
They have intermarried with the whites till
they are more than half or three fourths white,
and they were isolated on a little island at that.
That is the condition of the Indians in Maine;
And would the Senator hold that up as an
example to us pure minded, virtuous men as
we are!
Mr. ROSS. There is an objection to the
proposition submitted by the Senator from
Maine to which I desire to call his attention;
and that is, that at the expiration of two years,
under this proposition, the lands are subject
to sale at the will of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, without restriction as to price, as to quan-
tity, or as to time. We have heard a great
deal said about land monopolies, and there
has been a great outcry about a treaty which
was here pending for some time, providing for
the sale of these lands, which absolutely pro-
hibited their being held in common for any
length of time by the purchasers. That was
denounced as a great scheme of land monop-
oly; but here we have a proposition which is
a hundred times worse than that ever was ac-
cused of being. At the expiration of two years
the Secretary of the Interior, whoever he may
be, can sell these lands on any terms that he
sees fit. The result will be that they will be
purchased in large tracts. Hundreds of thou-
sands of acres will inevitably pass into the
hands of mere speculators, and held for merely
speculative purposes, thus fastening upon us
what 1 have said was one of the worst species
of land monopoly ever known in the VVest;
and it is the greatest curse of the W est. It is
that which we wish t.o avoid; and in order to
avoid it I want this land disposed of in such
a way that none but actual settlers shall ever
receive title to it. I object to the proposition
of the Senator from Maine on that account.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now let us vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Patter-
son in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Maine to the
amendment of the Senator from Kansas, whicn
is to substitute for the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Kansas the following:
And be it farther enacted. That the United States
"will receive in trust the lands of the Osago Indians in
the State of Kansas, known as the Great and Little
Osage reservations, not now held in trust by the
United States by treaty with said Indians dated 29th
September. 1865, and will dispose of said lands as
other public lands, for cash only, at a price not less
than $1 25 per acre; and after deducting expenses
of survey and sale, will hold I he proceeds thereof for
the use and benefit of said Indians. And the Secre-
tary of the Interior, under the direction of the Pres-
ident, is authorized and directed, with the consent
of said Indians, to provide for them a permanent
home m the Indian territory, the cost of which and
of the removal thereto and for temporary support
thereon to be deducted from the amount received
from the sales of said lands; andall lands remaining
unsold after two years from the passage of this act
shall be disposed of by the Secretary of the Interior
without respect to limitation of price, or in the mode
to be hereafter provided by law.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 20; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Ferry, Ilamlin, Johnston,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of V ermont. Osborn, Pratt,
Robertson. Sehurz. Sherman, Spencer, Sprague,
Stockton, Tlrannan.Vickers.Warner, andWilley—18.
NAYP—Messrs. Carpenter, Cole, Corbett, Davis.
Drake, Edmunds, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Texas, Harb.n. Hanis, Howard, Howell, Kellogg,
McCreery, McDonald, Kye, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Rice, Ross. Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, and
William.-—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott. Ames, Anthony, Bay-
ard. Boreman, Brownlow, Buckingham. Cameron,
Cat tell. Cliand1 er, Conkling, Cra.gm. Fen ton, Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland. Howe. Lewis, Morton, Nor-
ton, Pool, Banisoy, IWels. Saulsbury,Sawyer, Scott,
Sumner, Wilson, and Yates—2S.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The qneslion
now recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Kansas.
Mr. POA1EROY. 1 hope we may have a
vote.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to submit an
amendment to the amendment of the Senator
from Kansas, to which perhaps he will agree.
I propose to strike out lines forty, forty-one,
fortytwo, and forty-three of the first section,m
the following words:
Or to the council for distribution in money, goods,
provisions, and other articles of necessity, as tue
council of the nation and the agent of the tribe may
recommend, under the direction of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
'that. It is as to the manner of distributing
the money. It is not at all essential. _ If the
Senator thinks that modification desirable I
have no objection to it.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to know from
the honorable Senator from Kansas how the
Government gets the right to sell the lands of
these Osage Indians?
Mr. POMEROY. If the Clerk will read the
first lineoftheamendmenttheSenatorwill see.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That if tho Great and Little Osage Indians shall
agree thereto, the United States shall assume the
absolute control and ownership of all the lands
known as the Great and Little Osage reservation m
the State of Kansas.
Mr. DRAKE. How is the matter of the
agreement of those Indians to this arrange-
ment to be ascertained?
Mr. POMEROY. In another provision are
the laws " under such rules and regulations aS
the Secretary of the Interior may prescribe.''
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the reading of that
part of the amendment which relates to the
disposition of these lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like t.o inquire of
the Senator from Kansas what railroad project
runs through the lands of these Osage Indians ?
Mr. POMEROY". There are none author-
ized now. I am sorry to say.
Mr. DRAKE. What are projected? What
l| concern is it that wants to get this Indian title
out of the way so as to run a railroad through
there ?
Mr. POMEROY. There are three lines pro-
jected, one from Missouri andtwofrom Kansas.
Mr. DRAKE. Then it amounts to this, that
Congress is called upon to run these Indians
off this land that a railroad may run on the
land in some way or other. I think we might
just as well let such enterprises take care of
themselves.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to insert the words
" President of the United States" in the first
line; where it says the Indians shall consent
thereto, to put in the phrase, say, "in such man-
ner as may be provided by the President of the
United States." I want him to designate the
manner in which the Indians shall consent.
Mr. MORTON. How will it read then?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report it as modified.
The Chief Clerk. As amended the amend-
ment reads :
That when, as shall bo provided by the President
of tho United States, the Great and Little Osage
Indians shall agree thereto, tho United States shall
j assume absolute control, lVC.
i Mr. MORTON. That does not provide any
| means by which their assent shall be determ-
| Mr. POMEROY. The President is to pro-
|! vide the means.
jj Mr. HARLAN. Say "when the Indians
ji shall assent, thereto, in such manner as the
j; President of the United States may prescribe."
|! Sir. MORTON. That contains the idea.
Mr. POMEROY. I accept that modifica-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS, Now I move to amend
that by adding after the words " President of
|| the United States" the words "by arid with
II the advice arid consent of the Senate." Before
these Indians are driven off I want to know
what the regulations are.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The que'stion is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the amendment.
Mr. ROSS. I raise a point there which it
may be well to consider; and that is. that the
Congress of the United States has already au-
thorized the President to provide these means
in the act of July, 1863.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear it.
Mr. ROSS. It has been read once to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would not
be a parliamentary point, at any rate, because
Congress may reenact a law" already in exist-
ence, or the Constitution, if they see fit. The
Chair cannot rule out the amendment. The
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Kansas.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 19, noes 19.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair votes
in the negative, and the amendment to the
amendment is rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays, and I call for the reading of the amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California demands the yeas and nays.
The Secretary will report the proposed amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not think it was
understood.
The Chief Clekk. That portion of the
section reads:
That when the Great and Little Osage Indians
shall agree thereto, in such manner as the President
oftheUmted States shall provide, tlio United States
shall assume, &c.
The Senator from Vermont moved to insert
after the words "President of the United States"
the words "by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate."
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to know what the
honorable Senator's purpose is?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will state my purpose,
and I am sure it will commend itself to the
sense of justice and right of my honorable
friend from Iowa. Those of us who have at all
watched Indian treaties that are brought to us
know that they are made by some inferior offi-
cer of the Interior Department, by getting a
lot of the chiefs together and having a little
povv-wow or pipe smoking, perhap3 a little
whisky drinking—we do not know that, but
that would depend on the fashion of the com-
munity I suppose; but, lo and behold, ail at
once a treaty is reported. We have found by
observation, at least I have, that it is a very
easy thing indeed to obtain the assent of an
Indian, when he does not understand the lan-
guage of the wiiites and the forms of drawing
up these assents, to anything that the white
commissioner, whoever he may be, wishes to
have done.
My idea is that, when we are depriving these
people of what, belongs to them now confess-
edly, considering their immature condition,
their ignorance, the difficulty that attends the
management of them, and all that, we ought
not to deprive them of this land, this propeity,
without llie Senate's knowing, as the constitu-
tional adviser of the President in the executive
department of flic Government in the inter-
> course with the Indians, that the means which
! have been adopted arc fair, and are understood
! by the Indians, so that, it embodies their real
j assent instead of afictitious or apparent assent
j that some officer might obtain and report^ to
| the President. That ia the object; and I third-:
1 it ought to commend itself to my fiiend from
j Iowa.
i Mr. STEWART. I have opposed these
! Indian treaties all the time, because ilieatten-
\ tion of tiie Senate never eouid 1hj brought to
! an examination of them. When I first came
1 here I found treaties being confirmed, the
