1336
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Btjtleb,] -who has charge
of that election case, will yield for a morning
hour. It is very necessary that we should have
a morning hour each day when possible, so
that committees may make reports.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the
majority of the House to put off the contested-
election case until the close of the morning
hour.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I desire to
have a vote this afternoon, if possible.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I thiak there will be no
difficulty in getting a vote to-day.
Mr. STEVENSON. How much time has
been taken up by the contested-election case ?
. The SPEAKER.' It has now consumed
about two hours and fifty minutes.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then there are three
hours and ten minutes left for the case.
Mr. DOX. Is the additional time allowed
to speakers taken from the time to be allowed :
for the consideration of the Case?'
The SPEAKER. It is, unless the Chair is
otherwise instructed bythe House;
Mr. DAWES. When does the; gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Butler] propose to call
for the vote ? ,
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I propose to
call the previousquestion-at-three o'clock, and
have the vote taken at four o'clock. I now
move that the pending contested-election case
be postponed until the close of the morning
hour to-day.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced, and reports are first in order
from the Comtnittee on the Territories.
POST ROADS IN NEVADA.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that the Committee
on the Territories be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of House bill No. 177, to
establish certain post routes in the State of
Nevada, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to; and it was
ordered accordingly.
fund olf washington territory.
Mr. CULLOM, from the Committee on the
Territories, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that the same do pass, a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 115) relative to the legislative fund
of Washington Territory.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to-be engrossed and read a third
time. . ; : .
The joint resolution, which vis .<re*d, pro-
vides that the appropriation of $12,000 for the
per diem and mileage of the members of the
territorial Assembly of the Territory of Wash-
ington, at its second biennial session, which
meets on the first Monday of December, 1869,
irad for the incidental expenses of the same,
contained in the act to supply deficiencies,
approved April 10, 1869, shall .be applicable
to the payment per diem and mileage of
members of the territorial Assembly of said
Territory which met during the month of Octo-
ber, JL869, and of the incidental expenses of
said session.
Mr. CULLOM. I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to ha engrossed for a third reading. Being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
government or? alaska.
Mr. CULLOM reported back from the Com-
mittee on the Territories a bill (H. R. No. 806)
to provide a temporary government for the
territory of Alaska, and a bill (H. R. No. 107)
to provide a temporary government for the
territory of Alaska, and moved that they be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bills were laid on the table ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
probate courts in colorado.
Mr. CULLOM also, from the Committee on
the Territories, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it pass, a bill (H. R. No. 840)
amendatory of the organic law of Colorado Ter-
ritory, and for other purposes.
The bill was read. It provides in the first
section that hereafter the probate courts of the
Territory of Colorado shall not be authorized
to hear and determine civil causes wherein the
damage or debt claimed exceeds the sum of
five hundred dollars; that they shall not.have
jurisdiction in any matter when the title to land
may be in dispute, nor in chancery or divorce
causes; and in all cases an appeal may be taken
from any order, judgment, or decree of said
probate courts to the district court. The sec-
ond section provides that the Legislature of
the Territory of Colorado may, by general
incorporation acts, permit persons to associate
themselves together as bodies-corporate for
religious, eleemosynary, and other lawful pur-
suits. The third section repeals all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of this act.
Mr. CULLOM. I call for the previous ques*
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. Being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
salaries of judges in territories.
Mr. CULLOM also, from the Committee on
the Territories, reported back a bill (H. R.
No. 845) to amend an act entitled " An act to
provide a temporary government for the Ter-
ritory of Wyoming," and a bill (H. R. No. 839)
to regulate the salaries of the chief justice and
associate justices in the Territory of New
Mexico ; and moved that they be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GULLOM also reported from the Com-
mittee on the Territories abill (H.R. No. 1258)
to regulate the salaries of chief justices ana
associate justices in the Territories 5 which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that from
the passage of the act the salaries of the chief
justices and associate justices of the Terri-
tories of New Mexico, Washington, Wyoming,
Arizona, Colorado, Montana, Idaho, and
Utah shall be $8,000 each per annum.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish the gentleman
from Illinois would inform us what increase
this bill proposes to make in the salaries of
these judges.
Mr. CULLOM. The bill provides for an
increase of the salaries of the judges of a por-
tion of the Territories, and for a decrease in
the salaries of the judges of the other Territo-
ries. As the law now stands the judges of
some of the Territories receive pay at the rate
of $3,500 per annum. The judges in the other
Territories receive a salary of $2,500 per an-
num. The committee believe there was no
good reason why in the great majority of the
Territories the judges should not receive the
same salary.
The committee was farther convinced that
in most of the Territories, away from the agri-
cultural portions of the country, where the sal-
ary of the judges was not enough to enable
them to live, the salary of those judges should
be increased. The committee thought it right
and fair in the Territories lying back of the
agricultural portion of the country, in the min-
eral regions, where it was expensive to live,
that $2,500 was not a sufficient salary, and there-
fore propose $3,500—more than was deemed
necessary to be paid to the other judges. This
bill proposes to cut down the salary of the
judges in Montana, Utah, and Idaho, and to
increase the salaries of the judges in the other
Territories from $2,500 to $3,000, leaving the
salary of the judges in the Territory of Dakota,
| lying in a portion of the country east, of the
Missouri river where living is not so expensive,
to remain as it is to-day.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Mr. Speaker, as I
understand the bill now reported by the Com-
mittee on the Territories, it is to reduce the
salaries of the judges in Montana,, Idaho, and
Utah, and to increase the salaries of the other
territorial judges.
Mr. CULLOM, All except the Territory of
Dakota.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. If the gentleman will
allow me, I desire to say a very few words
against the passage of this bill. Instead of
reducing the salary of any of the judges in the
Territories, in ray judgment the salary of all
of them ought to be increased—every one of
them. Why? The chairman and the Committee
on the Territories know well my sentiments as
to the character of the officers sent out to the
Territories. Generally the j udges in dieted upon
us in the Territories are not fit, and would not
be elected in the gentleman's own districtto fill
the office of justice of the peace. In my Terri-
tory of Montana, to-day the chief justice is
one of the best lawyers in that Territory, and
there is no lawyer who practices at his bar
who is not entirely satisfied with him. He is an
able lawyer, an accomplished gentleman, and
most acceptable to the bar and people of Mon-
tana. The same remarks will apply to the offi-
cial character of his associate on the bench,
G. G. Symes. As an evidence of the truth of
this statement I beg leave to add the following
testimony:
After the last July term of the district court
in and for Lewis and Clarke county, Montana,
and when the board of supervisors met to audit
the expenses of said term of court held by
Hon. H. L. Warren, they passed a resolution,
and had it recorded, thanking the judge for the
dispatch and economy with which the business
had been disposed of. Also, after the October
term of said court had been held by Hon. G.
G. Symes, a similar resolution was passed
by said board of supervisors thanking him in
behalf of the tax-payers for the dispatch and
economy displayed in transacting the business
of the court, and stating that said judges were
saving this district thousands of dollars per
year over their predecessors. The attorneys
and prominent citizens of the Territory urged
the last Legislature to increase the judgeB' sal-
aries, to insure their remaining on the bench
where they could command a practice much
more lucrative.
But, sir, there is no man who practices law at
his bar who cannot make double the amount
that is here proposed to pay this judge. If there
is any officer of this Government, Mr. Speaker,
if there is any man who, in the discharge of
his public trust, ought to receive a compensa-
tion that will take him out from among the
people, that will make him honest, it ought to
be a judge, and his salary ought to be enough,
so as to hold out no temptation to him to
receive bribes, as I know of my own personal
knowledge that in the Territory of Colorado*
particularly, we had three judges, the palms
of whose hands were always open to litigants
and itching for bribes. Instead of reducing
; these salaries from what they are now, I would
i increase them so as to make the salaries of alt
