322
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Senate,
Admission of Georgia—Mr. Thayer.
41st Oonh 2t> Sess.
boon the subjects of the severest denunciation
ot' the Democratic champions in this Chamber.
Prom the hour of the passage of the first re-
construction act to this time, whenever they
have been the subject of discussion, they have
met with only contumely and reproach. The
{.cornful iDvective of my honorable friend from
Kentucky (Mr. Davis] has been heaped upon
these enactments : the sarcasm and the anath-
emas of my friend from Delaware [Mr. Satils-
isruv] have been poured out upon these enact-
ments. So of the other honorable Senators
representing the Democratic party. They have
not been behind the others in the utterance of
their maledictions against these laws. They
seem to be the subject of their remarks, the
subject of their thoughts by day and their
dreams by night, their meat and their drink,
their all of political capital. They are con-
stantly rising as specters before the disordered
political visions of our Democratic lriends.
They are with them the regular order of their
speeches. They remind me of a clergyman
who had remarkable faith in Watts's hymn-
book, and said he never could opeu to any
page without finding a hymn entirely appro-
priate to the occasion. A boy of his thought
he would teat his father's faith, and taking
that old song, " Old Grimes is dead,'' pasted
it on one of the pages of the book over one
of the hymns, and did it so nicely that it could
not bo easily detected. The minister took the
hymn-book to church on Sabbath morning,
and happened to open that very page and com-
menced to read:
"Old Grimes is doad."
There was a sensation in the audience, lie
looked at the choir and they looked at him,
but he had this unbounded faith in Watts's
hymns, and he undertook itagain, commencing
with the same line. There was another sen-
sation in the audience. Looking at it again,
and then at, the congregation, and then at the
choir, said he: "Brethren, it is here in the
regular order in Watts's hymn-book, and we
will sing it anyhow." [Laughter.] So it is
with our friends to whom I havo referred. The
reconstruction acts are in the regular order of
the subjects for their speeches, and they con-
tinue thorn anyhow on all occasions.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thurman] the other day tauntingly asked us,
"Why is there not peace in Georgia?" He
said: "You have the whole power of the
Government, yon have the national Adminis-
tration, you havo the State administration, you
have the military power in Georgia; why is
there not peace there?" Well, Mr. Presi-
dent., 1 have hut one answer. In the first
place, it is because there is a Democratic
party. There was a Democratic party, and
there was a war. But for the existence of the
former the latter would never have been. But
forthc existence of theformer the latter, having
commenced, would have ended three years be-
fore it did. So our reconstruction policy has
not been successful because of the opposition
and hostility, the determined hostility of the
Democratic party. There would have been
peace had the nation been united at the close
of the war. Had there been but one sentiment
in the North there would havo been a restora-
tion of harmony and good-will, and all the
States would have been restored long ago.
Congress in the exercise of its appropriate
functions prescribed the mode and the man-
ner for organizing governments in the lately
insurgent States, and laid down the conditions
a compliance with which was an absolute pro-
requisite to restoration. It set forth also the
kind of governmentswhichshouldbeinstituted.
For the first time in our history it quickened
into life that power conferred by the Consti-
tution which binds the United States to. guar-
anty to each State a republican form of. gov-
ernment. For the first time in our history it
transformed that great principle of the Declar-
ation, the equality of men, for nearly a century
dormant, dead, which had been treated as a
mere form of words without substance or mean-
ing, a misty, undefined conception, something
like that trifling E pluribus unum which has
rolled off so glibly i'rotn the tongues of Sena-
tors during this debate, into a living vital reality.
For the first time in our history it struck down
that prop of despotism, the doctrine of caste,
of race, of color, and declared the broad, phil-
osophical, supremely just, and only truly re-
publican principle, the complete equality of
all men in the possession of all civil and polit-
ical rights; and it made the recognition and the
guarantee of those rights the foundation-stone
of the governments to be created. It invested
a race with the order of citizenship; it invested
a race with the rights of manhood. By its com-
mand that race, bowed down with the wrongs
of centuries, stood forth erect under the broad
panoply of eternal right.
These measures were submitted to the tri-
bunal of highest resort. They passed that
ordeal and received the sanction of the Amer-
ican people in the autumn of 18G8. Being thus
sanctioned and approved, the duty is [he more
binding—it cannot be mistaken or deferred —
to see that those laws are not trampled under
foot and the objects for which they were passed
are not sot at naughtand defied. The first object
was to secure the graud essential of a republican
Government, equality of right. That being at-
tained, the next was to surround the citizen,
the servant of tlie law, with the shield of per-
fect, protection in the enjoyment of that right;
to show to that citizen that it rewarded the
devotion of its friends and frowned upou the
treason ot its enemies. The nation had been
taught these duties by the stern lessons of the
war; the wrong, the crime, had prevailed too
long ; these duties could be ignored no longer.
Have thi^e two objects been secured in Geor-
gia? Sir, I need not answer this question in
this presence. From the time yon declared
Georgia restored to relationship with the Union
an answer has been coming up from her bor-
ders of utter defiance of your statutes, of utter
contempt for your Constitution, of utter mock-
ery of the rights of the people i'or whoso pro-
tection those laws were enacted and the Con-
stitution in part was amended. Almost every
day's swiftest dispatch has brought to your
ears the fearful rccord of stupendous crimes,
of terrible assassinations, of the very riot of
murder. To havo been a Union man in Geor-
gia has been too often only to mark one's self
tho victim to the Klan ; to obey your statutes
has been too often only to invite the knife of
tho assassin; to walk in the path you have
marked out has been too olteu only to march
to the grave.
Too often has it been that energetic action in
carrying out reconstruction has been followed
by the mysterious missive from the mysterious
order, giving notice to leave, and a failure to
comply with which has been followed by the
midnight knock, and the morning has presented
new lists of victims. Such deeds were during
the war; such deeds are to-day. Men arc
exiles from their homes and kindred, fugitives
from their States, living under the fostering
protection of distant but loyal States; not
fugitives from justice, not violators of the law,
but because they are supporters of your law.
It was not safe to breathe an aspiration for
liberty in Georgia before the war. In portions
of Georgia it is not safe there now. The rights
of citizenship, of self-defense, of life itself were
denied to the colored race before the war; they
are denied to them now. What have they
gained by the change? What progress have
we made toward republican government? An
election was held in that State on the 3d of
November, 18G8. Some citizens, who dared
to exorcise the right we had professed to guar-
anty to them, gave their lives as a result of
their temerity. Forty thousand more were
overawed and kept from the polls by a reign
of terror as absolute as that of the French
Revolution of 1789 and 1793. Men have suf-
fered martyrdom ; their widows and children
have endured starvation because they did what
Congress required. Murder has supplanted
order, and the Kuklux Klan reign in place of
the ministers of justice. Almost daily the cry
has come up from the victims, '' Save us from
these acrocities I"
The world reads with feelings akin to horror
of the massacre of St. Bartholomew; but we
have read almost daily of a St. Bartholomew
iu our own land and our own times. Tho
former came with the suddenness of the thief
in the night; the latter is the work of years.
The one the more merciful, for it was soon
ended : the other the more agonizing, for it is
long protracted. Wc read of the persecutions
of the Covenanters, the massacres of the Hu-
guenots, the legalized burnings of the heretics,
the judicial assassinations of a Jeffreys, and
wonder at the monsters of history; yet our
own times furnish the counterparts of these
atrocities, and men read them with indiffer-
ence. But the people of tho future will be
amazed that in this age and in this land such
things could be. Arc they denied? They can-
not be. The departed cannot speak; but man-
gled dead remains are terrible, unimpeachable
witnesses. The grave utters forth no voice;
but mute voices speak from the graves of tho
departed. They bear fearful, awful testimony,
which the hireling agents of the Associated
I'ress in the South cannot controvert, and
which cannot be put down in the Senate of the
United Slates by a smile of derision or a sneer
of contempt. There is a reality about this
record which will not. down at Senators' bid-
ding.
The reports of the military authorities in
Georgia show that during the year 18G8, from
the 1st of January to the 3d of November,
more than three hundred murders and out-
rages were committed. One hundred and
uixty-four of these crimes were perpetrated
during the months of August, September, and
October. This list does not include the large
number of crimes committed upon the white
Union people of that State.
But that is not all. The record of these crimes
has been drawn out through the year 1809.
We had not reached our homes after the ad-
journment of the first session of tho present,
Congress, last April, before the news flashed
over the wires that Mr. Ayer, a member of the
House of Representatives of Georgia, who had
been to Washington to make known the con-
dition of the people of his State, aud to ask
for the protection of the Federal Government,
was assassinated almost immediately after his
return; and the indignation caused by such
an announcement had not subsided when the
news flashed over the wires that Mr. Adkins,
a member of the State senate of Georgia, who
had been to Washington on the same errand,
had fallen a victim to the assassin's bullet
while on his way home, and almost at his own
door, and in sight of his wife and children.
There is abundant reason for believing that
the purpose was deliberately formed of redu-
cing the Republican strength in the Legislature
by assassination and death.
I hold in my hand a record containing a list
of the murders that were perpetrated in that
State, the names of the victims, the dates and
localities, gathered from the papers located in
different portions of the State of Georgia. This
is only an addition to the records which have
been presented here of the crimes which havo
been committed, and yet honorable Senators
doubt and talk of dispatches gotten up to order
to influence timid Senators. The Senator from
Delaware asks us to present him with a mem-
