1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GXOBE.
5113
■ Mr. DAVIS. I never consented to it, and
I do not believe that a majority of the Senate
consented to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
distinctly recollects that it was done by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. DAVIS. Were the yeas and nays
called?
Mr. POMEROY. We never call the yeas
and nays on giving unanimous consent.
Mr. DAVIS. The Chair means to say that
nobody objected ; no open objection was made?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion was made that this bill be made the special
order for to day at half past eleven o'clock, by
unanimous consent. 'J he Chair called for
objections, and r.o objection' was made, and
the Chair decided that the bill was made the
special order by unanimous consent, and so
announced.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not know that such a
question was put-
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I under-
stood that this was the character of the unani-
mous consent that was granted : that the Sen-
ator from South Carolina should be permitted
to address the Senate this morning ; that we
were not to consider the bill; fori was a par-
ticipant in that matter, and 1 should have
objected to any other arrangement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maryland is correct. The under-
standing was that the Senator from South
Carolina should have the opportunity to make
his speech ; but no vote should be taken.
Mr. CONKLING. As I was unable to be
here yesterday, may I make an inquiry of the
Chair? I understand the Senator from South
Carolina has unanimous permission to make
some remarks this morning. May 1 inquire
until what hour, and whether then the natural-
ization bill will be in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The nat-
uralization bill will bein orderattwelve o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. And in the meantimethe
Senator from South Carolina has permission to
address the Senate?
The PRESIDENT tempore. That is the
arrangement.
Mr. STEWART. Inasmuch asthe time has
now got to be so short, I suggest that we have
unanimous consent to take this bill up at the
next, evening session, and let the Senator from
South Carolina speak upon it then.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no; let us go oil
with it now.
Mr. SAWYER. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina objects.
Mr. SAWYER. I object in this view: I
have had some experience as to the dilliculfy
of obtaining the floor on a measure of piactical
importance in the Senate. I have had several
propositions made to me to yield this morn-
ing, in order that certain bills might come up.
Now. I have no earthly desire to make a speech
on this question. I do desire to pass the hill.
I have tried to get an opportunity for six months
to explain this bill to the Senate, but have riot
succeeded. If the Senate will give^ me an
evening session next week to pass this bill, 1
certainly will not inllict, any remarks upon the
Senate this morning. Otherwise, I shall be
compelled to go on.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill was reported
fiorn the Committee on Public Lands, anil the
chairman of that committee has been trying to
have an evening session for the business of
that committee. I should be glad if the Sen-
ate would consent to fix an evening for that
business, allowing the bill of the Senator from
South Carolina to be considered first.
Sir. SAWYER. If the Senate will give mo
Wednesday evening to consider this bill, and
agree to stand by me until it is disposed ot, I
certainly will give way with pleasure.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice that I can-
not consent to any arrangement of that sort
now.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hardly think it would
be safe to make another special order for
Wednesday.
Mr. NYE. I should like to have Senate bill
No. 401 taken up now and disposed of.
Mr. SAWYER. I shall not give way for
any bill to come up now, unless I can make
an arrangement by which this bill shall be
considered.,
Mr. NYE. Then will the Senator be good
enough to go on and get through?
Mr. SAWYER addressed the Senate in ex-
planation and support of the bill, speaking till
twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
of twelve o'clock having arrived, it becomes
the duty of the Chair to call up the special
order, which is the naturalization bill.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from South
Carolina lost about ten minutes of his time in
delays for which he is not accountable. I hope
lie will bo allowed to go on.
Mr: CONKLING. If tho Senator will yield
to me a moment, I should like to make :s sug-
gestion. May I ask the Senator from South
Carolina how much time he wants?
Mr. SAWYER. About twenty minutes.
' Mr. CONKLING. I ask, then, that by
unanimous consent the pending order be laid
aside informally while the Senator, within
twenty minutes, completes his remarks.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection to the proposition of the
Senator froui New York, and the Senator from
South Carolina will proceed.
adjournment over fourth of july.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the Senator from South
Carolina allow me to make a motion to ascer-
tain the sense of the Senate as to meeting on
next Monday? There arc numbers of us here
who wish to know whether the Senate is to
meet on Monday next. I do not want to say
a word, but merely to ascertain the sense of
the Senate, if we are not to meet next Mon-
day, then there are members who would like
to know it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from South Carolina yield to the Sen-
ator from Missouri?
Mr. SAWYER. If it leads to no debate.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 do not want to say a word,
but merely to move that when the Senate ad-
journs to day it adjourn to meet on Tuesday
next.
Mr. CONKLING. If it leads to no debate,
I will not interpose an objection; but I think
we ought to meet here on Monday.
The"PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri moves that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Tuesday next.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—05 es 17, noes 22.
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays ;
and they were oidered.
Mr. BAYARD. I merely wish to say 
Mr. CONKLING. Have I aright now to
make objection to the consideration of the
motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Then i must make it.
We have voted on this motion without anything
being said; but now if wearp to have the yeas
and nays and debate 1 must object.
Mr. BAYARD. If it means that this ques-
tion is to bo taken as decided without a yea
and nav vote 1 shall object to that.
The PRESIDENT#™ tempore. The Sen-
ator has a right, to call for the yeas and nays
to be entered on the Journal ; but the Senator
has not a right to debate the question, inasmuch
as this motion was entertained by unanimous
consent, subject to a call for the regular order.
Mr. BAYARD. I certainly did not expect
that this matter of silting here ou the Fourth
of July would be decided without discussion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina only gave way with
the understanding that there should be tio dis-
cussion. .
Mr. BAYARD. I-call for the yeasand nays
on this motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
and nays havcbeeti ordered on the mcHfem to'
adjourn over, and will be taken if there bis Mr
objection.'.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted'—yeas 22, nays 29; as follows;
YEAS—-Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Boreman, Cas-
serlv, Cha/Billcr, Crasiu, Drake, Fenton, Hamilton
of Maryland. Harris, Johnston, Lewis,aSlye, Ramsey,
llevels, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spragtte, Tipton,
Vickcrs, anit Williams—22.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony. Carpenter, Conkling,
Davis, lidinunds, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe,
Howell, MeCreery, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill ol' Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Patterson,
Poineroy, Pratt, It ice. Koss# Seliurz, Stewart. Sum-
ner.Thuyer, Warner, Willey, and Wilson—28. _
ABSKNT — Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron. Cattell, Colo, Corfrett, yerry, l'lan-
agan. Fowler. Hamilton of Texas, Howard. Koliogg,
Nort on, Pool,Robertson. Saulsbary, Spencer, Stock-
ton, Thurman, 'Trumbull, and Yates—21.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina will proceed on the
bill relative to the lauds on the sea islands of
South Carolina.
Mr. SAWYER resumed and concluded his
speech, which will appear in the Appendix.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Ll^yd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(II. R. No: 2;i(30)for the relief of Atnton Smith,
iu which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
unrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (II.
R. No. 210G) to amend the laws regulating the
assessment of taxes in the city of Washington ;
and it was thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore.
patent and coi'tricsiit laws.
Mr. WILLEY submitted the following con-
ference report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes ot the two Houses on file amendments to the
bilHH.ll. No. 1714) to revise, consolidate, and amend
the statutes relating to patents and copyrights, hav-
ing met, after full and free conference have agreed
to recommend, and do recommend to their respect-
ive Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 1. 7, and 13.
That the House reeede from then-disagreements to
amendments numbered 2, 5, 0, 9, 10,14.15,18,19, 20,
21, 22, 2;i, 21, 25, 26, 27, 28,29, 30, 31, 32. Si, 35,30,37,38,
and 3'J; and agree to I lie same.
That the Senate recede from their amendment No.
8, in section thirty-four, and amend the sa.id section
by striking out in line twenty-one.page 12. ''two
years" and inserting instead thereof "six m'onths
and also amend by striking outlines twenty-five and
twenty-six, and by inserting in their place the fol-
lowing words: "upon the hearing of such renewed
applications, abandonment shall be considered as a
question of tact;" andluiLhei amend said seetion by
striking oui tlio proviso as amended, and amend the
thirtv-fi fill section by adding said proviso as amended
thcreio; to which amendments the House agrees.
Thotthe Senate also recede from their amendment
No. 12 in section fiftv-three. and amend the said sec-
tion by striking out the word "unless" m line twenty-
one, and by inserting in lieu rhereuf the wuids follow-
ingg: "but when there is neither model nor drawing,
amendments may be made;" to which amendment
the House agrees.
That the lloiv-e reeede from their disagreement to
amendment No. 3. and amend the same by inserting
the word" be" before "declared "in thesaid amend-
ment ; and the Senate agiee to the same.
That the House also jecede from their disagree-
ment to amendment No. 4, and add the letter " d "
to the word " cause" in said amendment, and strike
out the word "it" alter the word "patented" in
line twenty-two of the bill, p:>p;e X, and in line one,
on page 9, alter the word "shall" insert the word
" it;" and the Senate agiee to the same.
That tlio House also recede from their dio«ree-
ment to amendmentNo.il, sections forty-eight to
iifcy-two inclusive, and a.gieeto the same wmi ttie
following amendments: in line one, page 2 of fht-
amendments, alter the word "party" iiuc/t the
words "except a party to an inteiLerouce;" also in
section filty, line nine of said i-eenon, strike oia the
words "alt the papers," and in line ten strike out
the word "with." Aisoinsoetion fifty-one. after the
words "as the court m,.y prescribe," smke oattho
weid "he " and insert the worls "the party appc-nl-
