1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1337
jlf,e judges $5,500 per annum instead of the
mount.
ULLOM. I must now resume the
I move to insert the Territory
oreseut amount.
Mr. IT.
floor.
Mr. SPiMv.
Ot' Pl.ivl'tii.
Mr. CULLOM. 1 cannot yield for that
amendment, but I will hear what the gentle- ,
man lias to fay.
Mr. SPINK. I see no good reason why the
single exception should be made of the Terri-
tory of Dakota. These judges are appointed ,
from the States and sent out to the Territories,
and the salary of §"2,500 is not enough to secure
the services of a first-class lawyer. The House
must know that cases of the greatest magni-
tude are tried by the judiciary of the Territories.
Mr. CULLOM. I will yield to the gentle-
man to move his amendment.
Mr. SPINK. I move to put the judges of
Dakota upon the same basis with the other
territorial judges.
Mr. CULLOM. I demand the previous ques- j
tion. '
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In which Territories
are the salaries of the judges increased, and in
whieh decreased?
Mr. CULLOM. The salaries of the judges
in the Territories of New Mexico, Arizona, and
Colorado are increased, and the salaries of
the judges in Montana, Idaho, and Utah are
decreased ; so that the salaries of all the judges
of all the Territories are fixed at $3,000, except
those of the Territory of Dakota, the committee
being of opinion that the same reason did not
exist for an increase in that Territory as in
the others.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would inquire
whether the recommendation of the commit-
tee as to increase or decrease of salary depends
on the amount of business the judges have to
do, or on the expense of living in the several
Territories ?
Mr. CULLOM. The committee took both
those points into consideration.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me that
in Dakota the judges must have as much to do
as the judges in the other Territories.
Mr. CULLOM. I think the gentleman is
mistaken.
The question being put on Mr. Spink's
amendment, it was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
territory of arizona.
Mr. CULLOM, from the Committee on the
Territories, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No.
866) to confirm the apportionment and amend
certain laws of the Territory of Arizona.
The bill, which was read, declares in its first
section the apportionment of members of the
Legislative Assemblies of the Territory of Ari-
zona elected and convened in the years 1866,
1867, and 1868, made by the Governor in ac-
cordance with the laws of said Territory, to be
legal and valid under the organic act.
The second section provides that an election
for members of the next Legislative Assembly,
and for all township, county, and district offi-
cers, and for Delegate to the Forty-Second
Congress of the United States, shall be held
upon the Tuesday after the first Monday of
November in the year 1870, and the Governor
shall order such election by proclamation, to
be issued not less than two months previous to
said day. In said proclamation he shall de-
clare the number of members of each branch
of the Legislature to which each county or
district of said Territory shall be entitled, and
such apportionment shall be based upon the
population as shown by the census to be taken
in the year 1870 under the law of the United
States, and if such census is not completed
in time, then the apportionment shall be made
according to the population as shown by the
best information to be obtained. Said elec-
tion shall be conducted in conformity to the
laws of the Territory and of Congress, and the
term of office of all township, county, and dis-
trict officers shall expire upon the 31st day of
December, 1870, and that of all such officers
elected as provided in this bill shall begin
upon the 1st day of January, 1871.
The third section provides that the persons
thus elected to the next Legislative Assembly
shall meet at the capital on the second Wed-
nesday in January, 1871.
The fourth section provides that the Governor
shall fill by appointment all vacancies in town-
ship, county, or district offices in said Territory
until the 31st day of December, 1870, and until
the same time he may remove township, county,
and district officers, and fill their places when-
ever in his judgment the public interest will be
promoted thereby.
The fifth and last section provides that jus-
tices of the peace in the said Territory shall
not have jurisdiction of any matter in contro-
versy where the title or boundaries of land may
be in dispute, or where the debt or sum claimed
shall exceed three hunderd dollars.
Mr. COX. I would inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on the Territories, what is
the necessity for the first part of this bill, which
proposes that Congress shall interfere with
respect to the apportionment of members of
the Legislature?
Mr. CULLOM. I will explain the facts.
The Legislature of Arizona Territory passed
a law which authorized the Governor of the
Territory to make an apportionment. It has
since been decided by one of the judges there
that the Governor had no authority to make
the apportionment; and the result is that all
the laws passed by the Legislature of the Terri-
tory and the tenures of all the officers in the
Territory are in doubt. As regards the officers
it is a matter of doubt whether they have any
legal standing or not. It is equally a matter
of doubt whether any law of the Territory
passed after that apportionment was made is
valid or not, and whether the Legislature is a
legal body or not.
Mr. COX. I wouldaskthe gentleman whether
this question has ever been before the courts
o&the Territory ?
Mr. CULLOM. I stated to the gentleman
that one of the judges has had the case before
him and has decided against the validity of
the apportionment made by the Governor,
and that makes it necessary that some action
should be had here.
Mr. COX. I have no objection to the bill.
Mr. CULLOM. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
state of massachusetts.
Mr. CULLOM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Territories, to whom was re-
ferred a memorial of citizens of Massachusetts,
praying that that State be remanded back to a
territorial condition, to ask that that commit-
tee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the same, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction, of which the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
not now in his seat, is chairman.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let us hear
the petition read, so that we may know what
it is.
The Clerk read as follows :
To the honorable Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America :
| The undersigned, citizcns of Massachusetts, re-
spectfully represent that their native State is not
without her political sins ; that in the war of 1812 sho
was disloyal and treasonable toward the General (jo v-
! eminent; that in 1842 she resolved that it w.us her
duty to leave the Union if Texas was admitted into
it; and whereas the presentState government is not
republican in form, as required by the Constitution
of the United States as interpreted by the present
Congress, inasmuch asitdoesnotallowacertain class
of men to exercise the right of suffrage, namely, those
who cannot read and write, and inasmuch as said
State has never been punished for the aforesaid trea-
sonable conduct, nor for the part it took in tho
Hartford convention, we pray your honorable bodies
I to pass a law remanding the said State to a tcrrito-
I rial condition: and it is our earnest desire that this
' petition may be acted on in conjunction with tlio
I order now pending, or soon to be introduced, to re-
mand the sovereign State of Tennessee to the con-
\ dition prayed for for Massachusetts.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That ought
to go to the Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. STILES. Who signs the petition?
II The Clerk. George \V. Rose and others.
i The Committee on the Territories was dis-
!! charged from the further consideration of the
petition, and it was referred to the Committee
| on Reconstruction.
boundary line of dakota.
Mr. DYER, from the Committee on the Ter-
| ritories, reported back, with the recommend-
| ation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 779)
to redefine a portion of the boundary line be-
tween the State of Nebraska and the Territory
i of Dakota.
The bill was read.
t Mr. DYER. I yield for a few minutes to
I the gentleman from Dakota, [Mr. Spink.]
jl Mr. SPINK. I desire to say that from let-
I ters which I have received from my constitu-
ents in Union county—the county which will
be affected by this bill—it seems that the whole
people of the county to which the land now
belongs are opposed to thus cutting off a part
of the county and annexing it to the State
of Nebraska. I understand also, from letters
which I have received, that the persons who
reside upon the tract of land which the river
cuts off are opposed to being attached to Ne-
braska, and that they prefer to remain as they
now are, attached to the Territory of Dakota.
That is the information I have received from
the people interested in this bill, and I have
also information that it is highly probable that
the river will go back to its old bed within a
short space of time, and this land will then
remain on the Dakota side of the river. I
therefore move that the bill be laid upon the
table.
Mr. DYER. I do not yield at present for
that motion.
I desire to say that this bill was introduced
and referred to the Committee on the Territo-
ries, and it has received the examination and
investigation of the committee. When the
original boundary line between the Territory
of Dakota and the now State of Nebraska was
run the channel of the Missouri river at the
point where the boundary is proposed to be
changed made a circuit of some thirty-five
miles. Since the establishment of that bound-
ary line the river has changed its channel, so
that instead of running a circuit of thirty-five
miles it only runs a distance of two miles and
a half, leaving about two sections and a half
of land really in the State of Nebraska. The
people living upon those two sections have to
cross the main channel of the Missouri river
to go to the county seat of their county in the
Territory of Dakota, whereas if the line is
established where this bill proposes to estab-
lish it it shortens the line between the Ter-
ritory of Dakota and the State of Nebraska
