1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2281
arc imprisoned or detained in military custody by
officers of the Army ol the United States, and if any,
to furnish their names, date of arrest, the offenses
charged, together with a statement of what measures
have been taken for the trial and punishment of the
offenders." I transmit herewith the report of the Sec-
retary of War, to whom the resolution was referred.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, March 29,1870.
The message, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was referred to the Committee on Re-
construction, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM TIII3 SBNATG.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Haiilix,
one of its elerks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed a joint resolution (S.
R. No. 1(19) for the transfer of an unex-
pended balance of appropriation to the book
fund of the Library of Congress ; in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed the House bill (II. R. No. 1536) to
admit the State of Texas to representation in
the Congress of the United States, with an
amendment, in which the concurrence of the j
House was requested. |
tariff BILL. j
The House resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (ill-.
Wheeler in the chair) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the biil (H.
R. No. 1068) to amend existing laws relating
to the duty on imports and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Marshall] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL proceeded to address the
committee. During his remarks the hour ex-
pired and the hammer fell. j
Mr. MAYNARD obtained the floor. j
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the |
gentleman from Tennessee to yield to me lor a ;
moment.
Mr. OREBS. I trust the time of my colleague
[Mr: Marshall] will be extended.
The CHAIRMAN. How much further time
does the gentleman desire?
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not know exactly.
I would like to go on. I believe the same priv-
ilege has been extended to all the other mem-
bers of the Committee of Wajs and Means
who have s-polsen.
Mr. PETERS. I will not object to an
extension of the gentleman's time if he will
allow the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] to move that the committee rise for
a few moments.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I want to
ask the committee to rise in order that I may
move in the House to concur with the Senate
in a little verbal amendment, to the Texas bill
to which nobody will object, and then I shall
bo willing that the gentleman from Illinois
shall have as much time as he desires.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the gentleman want
to ask action on the bill or to refer it ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I want
only to concur in an amendment which strikes
out the proviso that nothing in the bill shall
interfere with the original conditions on which
Texas was admitted into the Union. I do not
think there is anything in it.
Mr. WOOD. That proviso is an exceed-
ingly important part of the bill. I think the
amendment should be referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, and I shall make
that motion at the proper time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let us
rise then and let it.be referred.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have no objection to
that.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no objection
to an extension of the time of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] and he will
be entitled to proceeed when the committee
resumes its session.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed io.
So the committee rose: and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler re-
ported that the Committee of the Whola on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
1068) to amend existing laws relating to the
duty on imports, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
admission op texas.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, of Massachu-
setts, by unanimous consent, the amendment
of the Senate to the bill (II. R, No. 1536) to
admit the State of Texas to representation in
the Congress of the United States was taken
from the Speaker's table and read as follows:
Pago 5, lino nine, strike out all after the word
"State" to the end of the bill, as follows:
Provided further. That this act shall not affect in
any manner the conditions and guarantees upon
which the State of Texas was annexed and admitted
as a State.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is it in
order uowto move concurrence in the amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to concur in the amendment of the Senate,
and upon that I call the previous question.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is not keeping faith with the House.
Within the lastfive minutes he said that he would
consent that the bill should be referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction. I will say that
the proviso, which was drawn by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts himself and applied
to the bill by the Committee on Reconstruction,
is of exceedingly great importance. Texas, as
it is well known, came into the Union under
peculiar circumstances, in which certain things
were reserved with reference to a part of her
territory. I think the Committee on Recon-
struction should have this bill back, to examine
with great care the effect of striking out this
proviso, and I hope, therefore, the gentleman
will keep his promise, made in Committee of
the Whole when we agreed to rise for the pur-
pose of taking up the bill, that it should be
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
remember that I promised.
Mr. WOOD. The House remembers it.
Mr. RANDALL. The promise was made
in the presence of the House, and the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] only yielded
on that condition.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] says
that he only yielded on that condition I atn
willing that the bill shall be referred.
Mr. MARSHALL. I so understood, unques-
tionably.
Mr. PETERS. Well, I will move concur-
rence and ask the previous question on it. I
am not bound by the gentleman's promise.
[Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. You do not want to take
advantage of a falsehood, do yon?
Mr. INGERSOLL. It would be unjust to
take up the bill for action now. That was not
the understanding.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If gentle-
men say that was the understanding, I move
that the amendment be referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to—ayes seventy-
eight; noes not counted.
tariff bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole upon the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and for
other purposes.
Mr. MARSHALL then resumed and con-
cluded his remarks, which will be published
in the Appendix.
The hour having arrived (half past four
o'clock p. m.) fixed by order of the House for
taking a recess, the Committee of the Whole
accordingly took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
At half past seven o'clock p. m. the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
resumed its session, (Mr. Churchill in the
chair,) and proceeded with the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend existing
laws relating to the duty on imports, and for
other purposes.
Mr. WILKINSON, and Mr. WILSON of
Minnesota, then addressed the committee.
[Their speeches will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Chairman, I have but
a word or two to say, for this discussion has
taken such a wide range, and has been so ad-
mirably conducted by many gentlemen, and so
thoroughly, too, that I feel it would be out of
place for me now to attempt either a fall dis-
cussion or a long speech, or even a review of
the points which have been made.
I cannot see that this subject has very much
significance as a political question, for I find
that our Democratic friends vary just as much
as do our Republican friends upon this matter
of the adjustment of these tariff laws." Some
are for a high tariff, some are for a revenue tariff,
and some are for free trade. And I think if
the speeches of some gentlemen were read
carefully through you would fiud that the same
gentlemen are for free trade, for a revenue
tariff, and for a high protective tariff.
They are just like the Democratic State con-
vention of Indiana which met on the 8th of
January last. That convention in its resolu-
tions started out with one which in_the begin-
ning is in favor of a revenue tariff, in the
middle is in favor of free trade, and in the
conclusion is in favor of putting tea, coffee,
sugar, and salt on the free list, which is a
very extreme measure of the high protective-
tariff party.
Now, if any man can locate the Indiana
Democracy anywhere except upon the three
points of tree trade, revenue tariff, and high
protection, then he can do more than I can.
It is. as follows :
'' That we are in favor of a tariff for revenue only:
and wo demand that the burdens of taxation shall
be fairly and equally adjusted, and that such an
adjustment cannot be mado without striking from
the statute-books tho present unjust and odious
tariff laws—a system of taxation based upon favor-
itism, and which has destroyed American shipping
! and commerce, oppressed the people of the great
agricultural regions, which compels tho many to pay
tribute to the few, and which has built up monopo-
lies that control not only every American market,
but also tho legislation ot Congress; andwedemand
that the prime articles of necessity, such as tea, cof-
fee, sugar, and salt, shall be placed upon the free
list."
I have sometimes thought when I have heard
the speeches of some of my Democratic friends
that their position was a great deai like that.
To-day, when the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Marshall] in front of me got up to speak he
opened his remarks in favor of a revenue
tariff. He then denounced high tariffs and
spoke in favor of the exemption of property
from all kinds of dues, denounced fiercely all
obstructions to trade as he called tariffs, and
! in effect took extreme free-trade grounds.
' Now it does seem to me that all men of com-
mon sense must come to some conclusion like
this on this matter: that we must have a tariff,
that we must raise a revenue and a large rev-
enue. Therefore, we need not expect to sad-
dle tho burdens upon anybody else, but like
generous, practical men, we must say that nc
are willing, along with the rest of the countrj,
to bear our share of its burdens.
That is but fair and right. Therefore, when
the men down East come m here and say t.iat
we must give them free trade m lumber, iron,
cordage, and duck, in fine, everything that goes
into the structure of a ship, and then ask us to
protect them as ship-owners by the highest
