4170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
toward the Indians? Why did not Illinois pur-
sue this kind policy? What are our pioneers
in Kansas doing—the men who have gone there
and built up their little log-cabins, and,'as the
Senator from Indiana says, are encamping in
large camps waiting to enter upon the prom-
ised land—but pursuing the same course?
Would the Senator say, "We will have the
land of the Indian from the Atlantic to Kan-
sas, and there the tide of progress and empire
shall stop?" That is the Senator's argument.
The whole policy from the beginning has
been wrong. The Indians should never have
been recognized as the owners of land. The
policy of the Government should have been
entirely different. But now the Senator from
Missouri says this land is wanted for a railroad.
What better purpose? Did not St. Louis and
Chicago, did-not Indiana and Ohio want the
lands that they got for railroads? Did not
they want to get them for the great purposes
of progress and peace, commerce, trade, power,
empire, and position? Was not that the Anglo-
Saxon idea, and is it not still? Will you now
say that in Kansas, almost the most beautiful
portion of the continent, the march of empire
shall stop? We did not stop; and are our
successors to stop? That is the argument.
Sir, that land will be in tlie possession of the
white man. The men who are encamped there,
ready to take possession, are just such men as
we and our fathers were. This continent be-
longs to us. The title never was in the Indian.
He never should have been made the owner
of land. He belongs not to the civilized,
but the savage race. Whenever civilization
approaches him he retires; he goes back; he
will not be surrounded; if he remains he is
lazy, idle, thriftless, incapable of improvement.
But, sir, as civilization advances he retires, and
the Government must adopt some other policy.
You call him the owner of the land, and yet
for a century and a half you have been cheat-
ing him out of it, giving him two ccnts forwhat
was worth a dollar, giving him a few blankets
and some whisky and. tobacco for a large tract
of land and calling that a treaty, calling that
an Indian policy!
Now, sir, as the country marches westward
along these parallels of latitude within a belt
of four hundred miles, when we come to a por-
tion of that country which we must have in
order to complete the circle of our civilization,
our pioneers are already there ready to culti-
vate and to make this land bloom and blossom
as the rose. The Senator from Vermont, with
so much Christian feeling for the Indian, says
that those pioneers shall not go over and occupy
the promised land. Why did not Vermont
take care of her Indians? Why has not every
State taken care of them? Just because they
could not do it. It is destiny, and the Senator
from Indiana may argue in favor of his propo-
sition and his policy, but it is destiny that all
the territory in Kansas belongs to the white
man, and will be his just as sure as the beau-
tiful prairies of Illinois were destined not to
remain uncultivated by an ignorant and savage
population.
Mr. President, for these reasons, and I think
they are satisfactory answers to all these Sena-
tors, I have voted against the amendments
which have been proposed. Now, gentlemen
may ask what I would do with the Indians. I
would not treat them asthe owners of the land ;
or if I did, I would not buy their land for noth-
ing. While I think a most inhuman and bar-
barous policy has been pursued toward the
Indians from the beginning of the Government
down to the present day, I still would not say
that the tide of progress westward shall be
stayed now by legislation which we never ap-
plied to ourselves in the older States.
I am not to be told that by a treaty we are i
cheating these Indians. Of course we are, and
we always have been, if they were thebona, Jide
owners of the land. I do not mean cheating
in the idea of fraud or anything of that kind,
because the Government, perhaps, could not do
better than it has done. It has been a question
which has excited the interest of Christendom,
the examination of enlightened and Christian
men, and it seems that fate or destiny is con-
trolling our policy, instead of a wise and liberal
legislation.
I admit that if the Government could in
advance, before these settlers had gone and
encamped there to get possession of this prom-
ised land, by positive enactment or by consti-
tutional amendment have set apart a separate
territory for the Indians, so that it should be
understood that that was to be the policy of this
country, so that emigrants need not have'gone
to that region of country in order to find homes
for themselves and their children, if that had
been the policy laid out beforehand, so that
it would be understood by the people of the
whole nation, by the Senate and House of
Representatives, by the civilized world, by the
Indians themselves, that that land was forever
to be reserved and dedicated to them, it would
be entirely different.
But, sir, we have legislated, knowing in
advance that our people intended to have these
lands. That has been so from the beginning
of the Government; and the same tribes of
Indians have been driven back, as the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations says,
twenty different times to twenty different homes.
They have been driven back and back until
they will be exterminated or lost in the Pacific
ocean unless we come to a definite, well-de-
fined, understood policy.
Senators may say that I do the Government
injustice, that I accuse the Government of hav-
ing cheated the poor Indian, that I find fault
with our treaties. Well, sir, I do say that
politicians, that members of Congress, that
Presidents of the United States and the people
of the United States have known when these
treaties and reservations were made that by
the laws of population and emigration these
reservations would be set aside and the Indians
would be driven from them. Therefore, unless
we change our policy as I have indicated, I shall
vote to get these lands for our railroads, for
our pioneers, as we have already got them for
themselves in the past history of the country.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. POMEPiOY. I will accept the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont, and I think
we can take the vote. There is no objection
to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Senators
rose to discuss the pending proposition appar-
ently. The Senator from Kansas asks that
the Senate take the vote on his amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the amendment, as
modified, be read.
The amendment, as modified, is to add to the
bill the following sections:
And he it further enacted, That when the Great and
Little Osage Indians shall agree thereto, in such man-
ner asthe President of the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, shall provide,
the United States shall assume the absolute control
and ownership of all the lands known as the Great ,
and Little (Kage reservation, m the State of Kansas, I
including all lands in said State ceded to the United !
Statesin trust, by article second of the treaty between ,
the United States and said Indians, concluded Sep- !
tember 29, lijtjo, as well as the so-called diminished :
reservation, lor which the said Indians shall be 1
allowed and paid the sum of SI,609,000. And after ;
deducting the cost of land tor a permanent home in !,
the Indian territory, and the amount of their aseer- i
tained indebtedness, as hereinafter provided, and the .
necessary cost of removal to their new homes, and j.
temporary support lor a period not exceeding six !'
months, the said cost of removal and temporary sup- j'
port not to exceed the sum of $50,000, the residue of
said $1,600,000 shall be placed to their credit on the
books of the Treasury of the United States, and bear j
interest at the rate of five per cent, per annum, to be it
computed from the date of tho approval of this act, i
said interest to be payable semi-annually, as follows ii
to wit: the interest on 5>100,000 shall bo paid for the
support of schools in said nation; tho interest on !
$300,000 shall be paid in cash for national purposes- i
?5,2ij0 thereof shall be paid as compensation to the !
chiefs and councilors of the nation; $5,000 shall bo :
expended for the encouragement of agriculture, to '
be paid pro rata to each head of a family in propor- :
tion to the number of acres cultivated and irnpx ove- j[
ments made thereon by individual members of the
tribe, tho object being to encourage real industry
among them; and tho remaining 5>4,SOU shall be ex-
pended, under thedirection of the council and agent,
for tho tribe in the payment of such other expens.es
as may bo necessary for tho benefit and support of
their national government; and the interests on tho
balance shall be paid to the members of tho nation
■per capita.
And be it further enacted. That as a compensation
to Osages for the stock and farming utensils which
the United States agreed to furnish them bv- the
second article of tho treaty of January 11.18;,:), and
which were onlyin part furnished, the United States
shall pay the said nation $20,000; and as compensa-
tion tor the saw and grist mill which the United
States agreed by said treaty to maintain lor them
for fifteen years, and which were only maintained
five years, the United States shall pay said nation
$10,000, which sums shall bo expended, under tho
direction of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in
the following manner; 812,000 in erecting agency
buildings, a warehouse, and blacksmith's dwellings,
and a blacksmith shop, and the remaining $18,OUO in
the erection of a scliool-houso and church and the
purchase of a saw and grist mill.
And be it further enacted, That all debts owing by
the Great and Little Osage nation of Indians, and
unpaid at the date of the signing of said treaty,
either to whites or Indians, by said Osages, shall be
liquidated and paid out of the funds arising from tho
sale of the lands heroin described, so far as the same
shall be found just and valid on an examination
thereof, to be made by the agent of the tribe and the
superintendent of Indian affairs for the central super-
intendency, subject to the approval of the national
council of tho Osage nation in each individual case,
and of the Secretary of the Interior: Provided, That
the amount so allowed and paid shall not exceed
>10,000: And provided further, That if the amount
of just claims shall exceed the sum of siu.OOJ the said
amount ol S!0,000 shall be divided pro rata among
the different claimants who^c claims shall have been
established and allowed, which payment, when ac-
cepted, shall be held to be a full payment ol all sjcIi
claims.
And be it further enacted. That there =hall be pail
to the members of the Great and Little Osage tribe
of Indians a just and lair compensation tor horses
stolen from them by white citizens of the United
States since the ratification of the treaty ot Septem-
ber 29,1865, to be ascertained by the agent of said
tribe and the superintendent ol Indian alfairs lor
the central superintendency, who shall make a care-
ful and thorough examination of each ca^e within
six months after the passage of this act, and report
the same to the Secretary ot the Interior for his ap-
proval or disapproval: Provided^ That the whole
amount to be paid for such claims shall noi exceed
840,000; and if the amount of claims established as
hereinbefore provided, shall exceed said sum, ihc
said sa  of ^ 10,000 shall be paid pro rata and be
accepted in full satisfaction.
And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
i of the President to procure lands for a permanent
J home for said Osage Indians, in the Indian tenitory,
| equal in quantity to one hundred and sixty acres for
! each member of said tribe, or such part thereof as
1 said Osage Indians may desire, to be paid for out of
the proceeds of the sale of said reservation in tho
State of Kansas, tho price per acre of such lands to
be procured in the Indian territory notto exceed tho
price paid by the United States for the same.
And be it further enacted, That if any individual
belonging to said tribe of Indians, or legally incor-
porated with them, being an Indian and the head
of a family, shall desire to commence farming, he
shall have the privilege to select, in the presence
and with the assistance of the agent then in charge,
a tract of land within <aid district of lands procured
by the President for their new homes, as provided
ill the preceding section, not exceeding «e hundred
j and sixty acres in extent, which tract, when so se-
[ looted, certified, and recorded in the land book as
I herein directed, shall cease to be held in common;
[ but tne same may be occupied and held in the ex-
i elusive possession of tho person selecting it, and of
nis family, so long as he or they may continue to cul -
t.ivate it. Any person over eighteen years of age,
] not being the head of a family, mav in like manner
! select and cause to be certified to hiin or her. ii.r
j purposes ot cultivation, a quantity of land not
exceeding eighty acres iu extent, and thereupon ba
| entitled to tho exclusive po^&e.-'sion oi the sum", as
■ above directed. I'or each tract of land so selected a
certificate containing a de^euption thereof and the
name ot tlie person it, with a c-erlifieatQ
indorsed thereon that the same been recorded,
shall be delivered to the party enntlwi to if by the
a^ent after the .-<amc i-liall have been recorded by
him in a book to Ijm krpt in his oflu-e subject to
inspection, winch book j-hali be known a-s the
'Osage land book.*' The President May at a i,y J j m o
order a survey of the reservation, and, when i-o sur-
veyed may establish &uch rules and regulations as
may be deemed nece^arv for protecting the rights
0l 5'll(!,Kc^cr!! ^ their improvement.
c i Ti oi'tcftd, That it i-haU bo the duty
°r ii(^ resident,a& f-oon a.s may be after the pasra^e
ot this act,_ to adopt die nectary mo.mx for carry-
ing- into ell eel Die iifth tectum thereof, and as too*}
thereaicer as may bopraeth'a bK> to cause said Indiana
to- be removed to their new ln Die$.
And hi; it farther via'-.tad, Xha t a.-1 HK>u as prat ti-
pable after the thi* a"t the dimin-
ished resf-rvatum in tin* State of or -*o much
thereof us the Secretary uf tho Interior may detenu-
lue, Irom tuao to tiuK , tdudi be >,um yod under tfco
