5114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
ing." In the next line strike out the word "also,"
and in same line, after the word " court " insert the
words "certified copies of;" and in the next line,
after the words "in the case," strike out the word
"together" and insert instead thereof "and the
Commissioner shall furnish it;" and the Senate agree
to the same.
That the House also recede from their disagreement
to amendment No. 16, page 4 of amendments, and
agree to the same with the following amendments:
After the word "recover" in line three of said
amendment insert the words " in addition to the
profits to be accounted for by the defendant ;" and
in line three, after the word "damages," strike out
the word " he," and insert in lieu thereof the words
" the complainant;" and in line seven strike out the
words " under direction " and insert in lieu thereof
the words " in its discretion;" to which amendments
the Senate agrees.
That the House reecde from their disagreement
to amendment No, 17, page 4 of amendments, and
agree to the same with the following amendments:
in lines one, two, three, of said amendment, after
the words "interfering patents," strike out the
words following : " any person interested in any such
patents, either by assignment or otherwise, may have
remedy, by bill in equity " and insert in lieu thereof
the words " any person interested in any one of such
interfering patents, or in the working of the inven •
tion claimed under either of such patents, may have
relief againsttheinterfering patentee, and allparties
interested under him, by suit in equity against tho
owners of the interfering patentand in line four,
after the words "cognizance thereof," insert the
words "as hereinbefore provided;" and in line fire,
after the words " proceedings had," insert the words
"accoiding to the course of equity;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
amendment No. S3, section ninety-three, page 6 of
amendments, and agree to the same with tho fol-
lowing amendment to said section: in tho last line
thereof insert the word "substantial" before the
word "changes; " and the Senate agree lo the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to amendment No. 40, on page 7 of amendments,
and agree to the same with the following amend-
ment: strike out tho words "a certified transcript
of" in line seven; and also strike out the words at
the end of said amendment," which have not already
been transmitted to the Secretary of State or of the
Interior, in pursuance oflaw," and add to tho section
the words following: "Provided, That where there
are duplicate copies of legal, scientific, ormechanical
works, one copy of each may be deposited in tho
library ofthePatent Office.for which a receipt shall be
given by the Commissioner of Patents to the Libra-
rian of Congress; " and the Senate agree to the same.
W. T. WILLEY,
WILLIAM T. HAMILTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
T. A. JENCKES,
11. C. CALKIN,
S. \V. KELLOHG.
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
bills introduced.
Mr. VICKERS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1033) for the relief of Andrew J. Iiing-
gold'srepresentatives; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
a e. reynolds.
Mr. REVELS. I ask unanimous consent
that I rfiay have an opportunity to offer a bill
which I ask to have put on its immediate pas-
sage. I do not suppose it will occupy two
minutes. It is of the greatest importance to
the State of Mississippi.
There being no objection, leave was granted
. to introduce a bill (S. No 1034) to relieve A.
E. Reynolds from civil and political disabili-
ties ; and it was read three times, and passed.
It provides to remove all civil and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States
on A. E. Reynolds, of Corinth, in the State
of Mississippi.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R, No. 2167) to authorize the
refunding and consolidation of the national
debt, and for other purposes, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance. *
' naturalization laws.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore.. The special
order, being the bill (tl. R. N o. 2201) to amend
the naturalization laws and to punish crimes
against the same, is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to move that
the Senate take a recess from five o'clock
to-day until half past seven o'clock; for the
purpose- ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to appeal to
my friend from Nebraska to defer that, at all
events, for the present.
Mr. THAYER. It is agreed we shall take
the vote on the naturalization bill at five
o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. It may be that we shall
get a vote before that time. The Senator's
motion will be just as strong then; but this
being Saturday a great many Senators will be
reluctant to have an evening session.
Mr. THAYER. That is the very reason I
desire to have it settled now, because we do
not sit to-morrow and can rest. We have got
to sit on Saturday night, and the Fourth of
July, and on Sunday, to complete our business.
The PRESIDENTf>ro tempore. The Senator
from Nebraska moves that at five o'clock the
Senate take a recess  
Mc CONKLING. That cannot be done at
five o'clock, because the understanding will not
compel anybody to votebeforefive. The under-
standing was that we should vote not later than
five, but that debate should extend till live if
anybody wanted to speak till that time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Does it require unani-
mous consent to make that motion ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not in order, being objected to.
Mr. THAYER. Does an objection carry it
over?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tt, does;
this is not one of the alternate days specilied ;
and the order cannot be entertained except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. THURMAN. Very much to my surprise
I find that half an hour of the time allotted to
the debate on this bill has been occupied by a
local bill relating to lands in South Carolina.
I do not know but that there is still ample time
for this discussion, although I do not think
there is time between now and five o'clock to
allow all the Senators who desire to speak upon
it the time they wish. I say now that as half
an hour Of this time has been taken up, if at
five o'clock there are Senators who still desire
to speak on this bill I shall ask that the half
hour be made up, and that we vote at half past
five.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me anticipate the
Senator by assuring him that there will be no
objection of that sort. Permission was given
to the Senator from South Carolina by unan-
imous consent-
Mr. THURMAN. I do not complain of the
permission.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, if any Senator
wants the time made up at the other end no-
body will object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Drake.] It was
agreed by general assent that the substitute
proposed by the Judiciary Committee should
be regarded as the original bill, and open to
amendment in the second degree.
Mr. DRAKE. I desire, before we proceed
with this bill, to ask the honorable Senator
from,. New York to allow the order to be dis-
posed of which I presented yesterday as to the
hour of meeting of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. That will give rise to
debate.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not want to say a word
ab.out it.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg my friend to take
notice that I cannot consent to have this day
used up frivolously. I yielded to the Senator
once to make a motion in reference to adjourn-
ing over Monday, and now I must insist on
the regular order.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I desire to say a very
few words in behalf of this amendment which
I have proposed,
Mr. "WILLIAMS.. The Senator from Dela-
ware is on the floor.
Mr. DRAKE. If the Senator from Dela-
ware is on the floor, of course I do not wish to
deprive him of it.
Mr. BAYARD. When this bill was under
discussion a week ago to day I gave way for a
motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware is entitled to the floor by the
practice of the Senate. The Chair was not
advised of that circumstance, however, or he
would have stated it when the bill came up.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, this debate
commenced a week ago, and it was then an-
nounced that the bill was to be pressed to its
passage at that sitting of the Senate. Without
any preparation, but impelled by a sense of
duty, not to my immediate constituents, but to
the entire country, I undertook to examiue the
features of this lengthy bill containing these
most surprising, unexpected, uncalled-for pro-
visions—a bill which, as I then stated, pro-
posed to change entirely, to uproot, to destroy
the system of naturalization under which our
Government had progressed during nearly its
entire life. In a very incomplete and imperfect
manner I endeavored to expose the hardships,
the oppressions, the embarrassments, the ex-
actions that were sought to be thrown in the
way of foreigners coining to this country for
the purpose of becoming part of it. I alluded
also to the requirements compelling those nat-
uralized since July 4, 1868, to perform new
conditions unheard of at the ^ime tliey com-
pleted their part and their side of the bargain.
There was one more section of this bill which
I had not read and remarked upon. It is sec-
tion thirteen, providing—
That in any city having upward of twenty thou-
sand inhabitants it shall be lawful for the marshal
of the United States for the district wherein said city
shall be to appoint as many special deputies as may
ho necessary to preserve order at any election at
which Representatives in Congress are to he chosen ;
and said deputies are hereby authorized to preserve
order at such elections, and to arrest for any offense
or breach of the peace committed in their view.
It is useless to particularize small items
where the great body of the proposed law is so
objectionable. I shall say nothing, therefore,
upon the power given to these deputies, to be
chosen without limit of number, to "arrest
for any offense "—such is the language of this
section—not confining it to ordinary breaches
of the peace, or to offenses even against this
law.
But now I make this general and final com-
mentary upon this whole act. Under what
clause of the Constitution, under what dele-
gation of power, does Congress undertake to
pass this act? None other known to me can
be found except in the eighth section of the
first article of the Constitution, in which the
power is given to Congress " to establish a
uniform rule of naturalization." Is this bill
affecting naturalization? Is that the intent
and object of it? Is it for this purpose that
this machinery has been invented? No, sir ;
it is a misnomer. Congress has no power, and
was intended to have 110 power, and no gen-
tleman in this Chamber can point me to a
phrase of the Constitution that gives the power
to Congress to control or meddle with the
elections of the States. This is not a bill to
amend naturalization. It is a bill directly to
interfere with and control tho elections through-
out the States. That is its true intent, aud
meaning.^ What has Congress to do with a
man's \ oting or not after he is naturalized? The
elective franchise is but one of tho incidents of
citizenship; a mere incident given to him by
the State constitution where he resides.
The power of Congiess is to declare to an
alien, "Renounce your domicile, expatriate
yourself from your native land, and we will
make you, by our power of naturalization, a
citizen of the United States." That is its
power. If upon that power there should be
j incidentally grafted by the Mates the elective
I franchise, the right of voting, that is a
