3226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
amend the paragraph just read by striking out
the proviso and inserting in lieu thereof the
following:
And on metal converted, east, or made from iron
by the Bessemer or pneumatio process, of whatever
form or description, $30 per ton.
To which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Binguam] has moved an amendment to make
it $36 a ton.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to move to
amend the text of that portion of the para-
graph which it is proposed by the motion of
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin]
to strike out.
The CHAIRMAN. Only an amendment to
the amendment is in order, and that is not what
is proposed by the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I understand that
when it is proposed to strike out. it is proper
to amend the text before a division is taken on
the question of striking out. The gentleman
from Missouri moved to strike out the para-
graph beginning with the word "provided"
and to substitute another. I propose to amend
that paragraph before it is struck out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled
that the gentleman's amendment would not be
in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I must take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair. I had
supposed that there could be no controversy
as to the right of the committee to perfect what
has been proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to any debate on
the appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The question was put; and the decision of
the Chair was sustained.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. The amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Binghah] putting the duty at
$36 per ton has been adopted by the com-
mittee. Would it be in order to move to strike
out the word "six," so as to leave the duty
$30?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that it
would not.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I understand the
Chair to decide that while if the rate had been
$30 in the motion it would be in order to
make it $36, the converse is not in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair since yes-
terday has consulted with the author of the
" Digest of the Rules," and finds his decision
corroborated: that when the committee has
taken certain action yon cannot detract from
the force of what the committee has done, but
you can add to it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I move to
add the words "less $6." That, I think,
would be in order according to the ruling of
the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that this
amount of $36 cannot be made mathematically
less. He rules that it may be increased, but
not diminished.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to know at what
stage of the proceeding it would be in order
to move a substitute?
The CHAIRMAN. Whenever a proposition
is definitely presented the Chair will rnleupon
it. The Chair will state what he understands
to be the parliamentary situation of the ques-
tion. If members of the committee are not
satisfied with the rate the committee has fixed,
$36, tbey have to vote down the amendment
of the gentleman from Missouri, as amended
by the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio.
If this should be done, the whole proposition
will be open to amendment. Any amendment
may then be offered which the committee has
not definitely rejected. The question is now
on the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin,] as amended.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order now to
move a substitute for the whole clause?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman may offer
a substitute, but a vote cannot now be taken
on it.
Mr. CULLOM. What is the question now
before the committee ?
The.CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is on the amendment of the gentle-
man from Missouri, as amended. As many as
favor it will say "ay."
Mr. BURCHARD. I desire to offer an
amendment to the pending amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman cannot
offer an amendment while a division is taking
place.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 61, noes 73.
Mr. SCHENCK called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Benjamin
and Mr. Scofield were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 76, noes 72.
So Mr. Benjamin's amendment, as amended,
was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I now move to strike out
the paragraph.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
make a parliamentary inquiry. If the para-
graph is not struck out, will the Chair decide
that it is then amendable?
The CHAIRMAN. . It will be in the power
of the committee to amend it.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is it in order to move
to strike out a paragraph after it has been
inserted ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend by insert-
ing at the end of the paragraph the following:
But from and after January 1,1871, the duty on
railway steel bars, made by'the Bessemer or any
other process, shall be li cents per pound only.
Mr. BENTON. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the gentleman cannot offer an
amendment that reduces the rate which the
committee have already voted.
Mr. PETERS. This is an entirely distinct
proposition, a different time being fixed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that it
is an independent proposition. Up to the time
it names it would not interfere with the duty
remaining as fixed by the committee.
Mr. PETERS. Is my amendment debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
The question waspatonMr. Peters's amend-
ment; and there were—ayes 65, noes 70.
Mr. CULLOM called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cullom and
Mr. Stevenson were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 68, noes 76.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
add the following as an additional proviso:
Provided, That the royalty of the patentees shall
not be over SO cents per ton.
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall raise a question
of order, that we cannot regulate individual
matters of this sort, unless the gentleman will
modify his amendment so as to provide that the
publishers of the New York Express shall not
charge more than so much for advertisements.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that
the amendment is not germane.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I want to
appeal pro forma from that decision, to state
my point.
Mr. KELSEY. Debate has been closed.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order
on the pending paragraph.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I ask to be
permitted to state my proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman asks
unanimous consent to state his proposition.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object. That is evidently
debate.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike " 2" out
of line four hundred and thirty-four and insert
"1J," and to strike out the proviso.
Mr. CESSNA. I raise a point of order on
that. The proviso has already been stricken
out, and a substitute for it inserted.
Tbe CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken, and only the gentleman's first
proposition is in order.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I move to strike out
"2" and insert "1J."
Mr. SCHENCK. Where was the $36 a ton
lDS6rt6(} ?
The CHAIRMAN. At the end of the clause.
It relates simply to iron made by the Bessemer
or pneumatic process.
The question was taken on Mr. Allison's
amendment; and it was disagreed to—ayes 47,
noes 70.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to add at the end of
the paragraph a proviso that the amount of the
duty shall not exceed 50 percent, ad valorem.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make the point of order
that an amendment, to be received and acted
on, must be submitted in writing.
. The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will write it in a moment.
Mr. SCHENCK. While the gentleman is
reducing his amendment to writing I would
like to know who is to settle the duty so that
it shall not exceed 50 per cent, ad valorem 
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call the
gentleman to order. No debate is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is closed, and
that is a question for the committee, and not
for the Chair.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the para-
graph :
Provided, however. That no duty imposed by this
paragraph shall exceed 50 per cent, ad valorem.
The question was put on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 34, noes 60; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Cessna were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 55, noes 70.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I offer the
following additional proviso:
Provided, That the patent recorded in the Patent
Office for Messrs. Morrell, Griswold & Winslow for
this Bessemer or pneumatio process for twelve years
be surrendered.
Mr. KELSEY. I raise the point of order
on that amendment that it is not germane to
the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Ishallappeal
in good faith from that decision of the Chair,
which I am certain is wrong.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call the
attention of the Chair to the words "this Bes-
semer or pneumatic process."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
this is a bill relating to general interests, and
it is not germane to introduce into it private
legislation.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The whole
bill is private. I can get $3,000,000 for this
one item. I will bring the richest men in the
country here in forty-eight hours who will put
into the Treasury $3,000,000 for the bounty
afforded by this paragraph with the patents
these men have, with a guarantee by Congress
that the 2 cents per pound given by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means shall run as long
as the patents run.
The question was then taken upon sustain-
ing the decision of the Chair; and upon a
division, there were—ayes eighty-eight.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. COX said. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee is now
dividing.
Mr. COX. I want to raise my point of
order before the annunciation of the vote.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can raise
his point of order after the vote has been taken
upon the pending question.
Mr. COX. It would be too late then.
The CHAIRMAN. Unless the point relates
