1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
5115
tion not for Congress; it is for the States to
control.
It is true you have in your Constitution now
an amendment which regulates suffrage to this
extent: that no State shall prevent a man from
voting by reason of birth, race, or previous
condition. So far there is the power to in-
hibit the States from passing laws discrimin-
ating on these three accounts; but where is
the power ; will any gentleman stand here in
this Chamber and assert that there is anywhere
given to Congress the power to interfere with
and control the elective franchise directly'/
_The right of voting, as I said, may or may not
be one of the incidents of citizenship ; it de-
pends entirely on the constitutional regulations
of the States in which the naturalized citizen
resides. But, sir, this is but another illus-
tration of the fact that step by step and day
by day Congress is invading the powers of the
States and drawing into its own grasp those
elements which shall end in imperial consol-
idation.
As I said when I commenced to discuss this
bill, the party trumpet has rung its call, and
party spirit is arrayed in favor of this measure;
but I trust still that in the great diversity of
interests through this country there may be
found gentlemen of the dominant party in this
Chamber and in the other House of Congress
who will feel that they cannot safely, if no
higher motive can prompt them, invade these
distinct privileges of the naturalized citizens ;
that they cannot safely discriminate against
them in the way here proposed; and I trust
before this debate closes that there will be
amendments which either shall destroy this
proposition substituted by the Senate Judiciary
Committee for the House bill, or which shall
so modify it as to deprive it of those odious,
cruel, unnecessary, partisan features that so
mar and stain nearly every page and line of
this proposed amendment.
The bill, as it passed the House of Repre-
sentatives, provides severe penalties for eva-
sions or infractions of the naturalization laws.
I shall have very little objection to voting for
that bill, though I do believe thatover severity
is very apt to defeat the object of a law. I have
seen it so very often, I believe it is a common
lesson in history that you destroy the efficiency
of an act by overstraining its penalties, making
them disproportionate to the offenses. The
class of people to whom naturalization laws
are addressed are strangers to our country,
strangers in language very often, strangers in j
habit; men, therefore, to whom a knowledge
of the law is less to be presumed than to those '
of us who were born and have been raised in
this country. A man might therefore more
innocently violate some of the regulations of
naturalization without intending any such in-
fraction. ,
However, if in the opinion of the Senate it
should be considered right and proper that the
penalties should be multiplied, that the severity
of the punishment should be increased for the
purpose of preventing men from exercising the
rights of naturalized citizens illegally, I shall
make but little objection. There is no prin-
ciple in that; it simply becomes a question of
expediency, which, I think, after all, is unim-
portant. But the substitute of the Senate com-
mittee I have discussed at some length, unsatis-
factorily to myself for want of preparation, and
also for the proper want of time. There remain
hut four hours to be given to the opponents of
this measure to discuss this great doctrine, this
great system of laws, than which few can be
more important. I mean the policy to be pur-
sued by a great nation like this in regard to
inviting foreigners to settle amongus. We have
boasted, and well may we boast, and well may
we desire, that our country should be open to
all men who seek to enjoy civil and religious
liberty. But this bill is not only proposed to
harass those who may hereafter desire to come
apd cast their lot with us and become part of J
our people, but, aa I said before, upou its type '
it proposes to defraud those who are already
here, and who have honestly and fairly com-
plied with all the conditions of your law.
The proposition ofgivingan unlimited power
to the officers of the United States to superin-
tend all elections in the States is, as I say, a
direct long stride toward consolidation. Not
only so, but I cannot believe that a law of this
kind will be carried out without the most serious
danger, to say the least, of collisions. It requires
very little argument to show any man, however
humble, that he has been treated unjustly and
with bad faith, and I cannot believe that the
rights of citizenship which have been formally
and solemnly given to foreign-born men under
the laws of this country can be violated as they
are proposed to be violated by this measure
without collision arid serious difficulty. I can-
not but believe that such an attempt will react
most strongly on the party from whom it ema-
nates. It certainly should do so.
It has always been my belief that in respect
to this matter of naturalization itsliouldbe not
a matter of form but of substance. I never
in my life would have been willing to act with
any party for any time that would keep the
word of promise to the ear to break it to the
hope of a person whom we invited to become a
citizen of this country. My opposition to it
has been at every stage of my political life, and
I shall always be so found ; and believing this
measure to be intended to be but an offshoot of
the same old narrow prescriptive feeling against
the foreign boru citizen whom you have pre-
tended to naturalize, and yet the substance of
whose naturalization you would by this bill
destroy, I hope the Senate will reject it.
Mr. JOHNSTON" addressed the Senate in
opposition to the bill. [His speech will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. TITURMAN next addressed the Senate
in opposition to the measure. [His speech will ;
be published in the Appendix.] !
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I do not i
intend to detain the Senate long, but, I wish to
submit a few observations upon this bill. 1 am
willing to vote for the House bill. I believe it
contains valuable and important provisions,
that will answer a good purpose in the preven-
tion of fraud and the abuse of the privilege of
naturalization; but I am not willing to vote
for the measure now before the Senate.
It is the true policy of this Government to
encourage immigration. It is perhaps its most
important policy to encourage the people of
other countries to come to our shores. We
have done this in various ways; and as has
been slated here to day, various States have
sent agents, have made appropriations, and in
different modes have expended money for the
purpose of promoting immigration to those
States. One great inducement to immigration
to our shores now is the homestead law, and
the ease of acquiring a home and the cheap-
ness of our public lands. Another great in-
ducement which has operated powerfully from
the beginning, and long before the homestead
provision became a law, is the ease, the facil-
ity, and the cheapness with which a man of
foreign birth can become' an American citizen.
I say it is one of the strong inducements that
we present great facilities to them to become
citizens of the United States, and in propor-
tion as we make it difficult for a man to become
a citizen of the United States, or, in other
words, as we shall obstruct naturalization by
throwing legal obstacles in the way, we shall
thereby decrease and diminish immigration to
our shores. There can be nothing clearer
than this, in my opinion.
I am therefore unwilling to adopt any pro
vision of law which shall create an obstacle
to naturalization ; for just as sure as you shall
increase the obstructions to naturalization, the
intelligence of this goes to Europe, and has
the effect to check immigration to our shores.
Why, sir, what was called Know-Notbiugism
in 1854 and 1805 produced a very sensible
dimiuBtion of emigration from Europe. It
was understood that the people of the United
Stales were becoming hostile to men.of for
eign birth, were making war upon them, and
this feeling very strongly operated for a time
against immigration to our shores ; and I ,be-
lieve this bill,- if it should become a law, would
operate in the same way, that it would create
the impression abroad that we were becom-
ing hostile to men of foreign birth, that we
desired to increase the difficulties of becoming
naturalized citizens, and that would opetato
against immigration to our shores.
Now, sir, I want to say another thing. [
have somewhat changed myopiuion in regard
to the importance of the oath of naturalization,
or of any formal proceeding upon that su!>
ject Perhaps it is necessary to have some
proceeding to fix a man's legal status U feu1:
the couutry ; but the oath of naturalization
never yet made a mail an American citizen in
heart. That is done by his coming here, by
his casting his lot among us, by his making
this his home, intending that it shall be the
home of himself and his children. That it is
which makes a man an American citizen in
heart: and I destKp lo cast no obstacle ill the
way of that mail exercising the right of suffrage.
In my own Stale in 1S50 we provided in our
constitution that every man should have the
right to vote in Indiana who had been in the
United States one year and in the State six
months, and had declared his intention to be-
come a citizen of the United States. There has
never any hardship grown out of that: no evil
has grown out of it. I have never heard it pre-
tended by any party or by anybody that the
Slate of Indiana has suffered on account, of
that provision in her constitution ; and now if
the question were submitted to the people of
the State of Indiana whether they would strike
out that provision from their constitution and
require a man to live in the United States live
years, and to become fully natiualized before
he exercised the right of suffrage, I do not
believe there would be a, respectable minority
ill the State of Indiana in favor of such a pro-
vision.
I think the same thing has been tried suc-
cessfully in Illinois and Minnesota, but I am
not sure of it. It depends on this: that it is
the taking up the residence here making it the
home, easting in the lot among us, that make?
a man truly an American citizen. It is these
facts that constitute true citizenship ; and the
mere form or the fact of the oath is really
unimportant except so far as it may fix a man's
legal status for certain purposes. During the
war, some men of foreign birth who had not
been naturalized, claimed that they were the
subjects of some foreign prince, king, or poten-
tate, and thus escaped military service, thus
avoided liability to conscription. I think there
ought to be some law to prevent, that. If a
man comes here to live, and casts his lot among-
us, theie ought to be a law that when the coun-
try gets into a war, he shall not be allowed to
say that he is not an American citizen, and
thus avoid the performance of his duty to the
country.
Mr. President, there have been some things
said by the Senator from Ohio and by the Sen-
ator from Delaware that I think were entirely
unnecessary. They seem desirous to make it
appear that this is a party measure, and to
hold the Republican party as a party respons-
ible for it. I do not regard it in that light, and
as one member of that party I disclaim it.
There have been frauds and abuses in the city
of New York, and perhaps in other places.
That cannot he successfully denied ; but the
question is whether this as a remedy is not
worse than the disease; and it may be that
what might be proper for the city of New
York, or rather what might be efficient in the
! city of New York in preventing frauds on nat-
j utilization. would become actual obstructions
i to naturalization in oilier parts of the eouiury.
! If it can be shown, ov if 1; appears from tlit:
' esatninutiou o}'tills bill—-ana 1 put ii sqanrelj
