1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4171
direction of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office and by the surveyor general of the proper land
district, as the public lands are surveyed.
And be it further enacted, That to reimburse the
United States the said 61,600,000, the cost of survey
and sale, the amounts provided to be paid by the
United States to said Indians, in section two and
section four of this act, and the interest which may
be paid by the United States to said Indians on the
said purchase-money, the said lands shall be sold to
actual settlers only, in quantities not exceeding one
hundred and sixty acres to each purchaser, at $1,25
per acre, in cash, said settlers beiDg heads of families
or single persons over twenty-one years of age and
citizcns of the United States, or having declared their
intention to become such, as provided by law, and
who shall have made such settlement, cultivation,
and improvement as is required by the preemption
laws: Provided, That every settler desiring to avail
himself of the benefits of the provisions of this sec-
tion shall, within ninety days after public notice of
the approval of the survey of said lands, or date of
his settlement thereon, appear before a register of
the proper land office, and file his intention to pre-
empt, and within six months from the date of said
liling, appear before the register and receiver and
make proof and payment therefor: Provided, aUo,
That if any person, having filed his intention to pre-
empt, shall fail to make proof and payment, as here-
inbefore provided, the said lands filed on by him
shall be, after due notice, subject to sale at public
outcry to the highest bidder, at not less than $1 25
per acre. And after the United States shall have
received from the proceeds of the sale of said lands,
over and above the cost of the survey and sale
thereof, the amount provided for in the second sec-
tion and fourth scction of this act, and the said sum
of $1,(500,000, with accrued interest, including in such
estimate the proceeds of the sales of the so-called
Osage trust lands, which may have accrued before
the approyal of this act, the residue of said lands
phall be disposed of as other public lands : Provided,
however. That nothing in this act shall be so con-
strued as to prevent the application of the so-called
"town-site laws," and the law making a grant oi the
sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections in each township
of the public lands to the State of Kansas for the
support of public schools, to said lands, m such a
manner as not to interfere with the prior rights ot
actual settlers as aforesaid.
Mr. SHERMAN. Isanightsession ordered?
[" No."] Does the Senator from Maine pro-
pose to have a night session, because this bill is
standing in the way ?
Mr. POMEROY. There is no night session
for to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Maine if he proposes a night session ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 propose it if
the Senate will agree to it.
Mr. SUMNER. We had a night session
la^t night and shall have one to-morrow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator from Michigan yield to me to try the sense
of the Senate as to a night session ? I wish to
move for a recess from half past four o clock
to half past seven to-day, with a view of clos-
ing this bill.
M- CHANDLER. I will yield for that.
Sir. SUMNER. We are to come here
to-morrow night it is understood. Why sit
t0 The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine asks consent to enter a motion for a
recess, this not being the alternate day.
Air SUMNER and others. I object.
Ah-' MORRILL, of Maine. I move to pass
over the bill for the purpose of making the
motion. , ,
The motion to pass over was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
lecurs on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we can vote on
my amendment now. Let us do that before
we go into executive session.
Mr STEWART. Is it too late to call for a
division on tlie motion as tc, an evening session ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. rlhe Chair thinks
it is now too late. , •
Mr. STEWART. I believe we ought to
have an evening session. _
Mr. NYE. Will it be m order to renew the
Mr' CHANDLER. If the Senate desire to
vote on the pending amendment, and_will pro-
ceed to vote, I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. DRAKE. They are not ready tor a
vote and will not proceed to a vote until some-
thing more is said.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I insist on my
motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say
that I think the Senate ought to sit to-night to
finish this bill; of course I can say no more.
Mr. STEWART. Then I renew the motion
that this bill be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Michigan has priority, to proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator give way?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. I move to pass over this
bill for the purpose of making a motion for a
recess.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is that in order? There
has been no business sincc the last vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion has
been made and withdrawn.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is that business?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion has
priority. The Senator from Missouri moves
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes nine,
noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada, to pass over the bill.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 19, noes 2!!.
MESSAGE FROM Til 15 HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 2170) to provide for the
care and custody of persons convicted in the
courts of the United States who have or may
become insane while imprisoned ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1582) authorizing terms
of the United States district court to be held
at Helena, Arkansas ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2160) to establish a port
of delivery at Kansas City, Missouri.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution (8. R.
No. 212) in relation to the compensation of
assistant marshals for taking the census for
1870. T
The message also announced that the House
had passed the j|Oint resolution (S. R. No. 107)
for tlie relief of Commodore S. C. Bissell, with
an amendment, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary:
A bill (H. R. No. 2170) to provide for the
care and custody of persons convicted in the
courts ol the United States who have or may
become insane while imprisoned ; and
A bill (H. II. No. 1582) authorizing terms
of the United States district court to be held
at Helena, Arkansas.
The bill (H. R. No. 21GS) to establish a port
of delivery at Kansas City, Missouri, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
executive session.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 renew the motion for
an executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Micaigan,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ts not that debatable.'
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall not go
into executive session.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 81, noes 14; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business.
Aft,er an hour and three quarters spent in
executive session, the doors were reopened,
and the Senate, at six o'clock p. m., adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 7, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Iiev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
s. b. bissell, united states navy.
Mr. SCOEIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Naval Affairs
a Senate joint resolution, to which I think there
can be no objection.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution (S, R.
No. 107) will be read, after which it will be in
order to object to its consideration at this time.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that from September 13, 1855, to January 14,
1858, Commodore S. B. Bissell shall be allowed
the difference between the pay that he received
and the pay ofacommanderin the United States
Navy.
The committee recommended that the joint
resolution be amended so as to include Com-
mander J ohn C. Carter.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose there is a report
accompanying this joint resolution.
Mr. SCOEIELD. There was a report made
in the Senate. It provides for but a small
addition to the pay that Commodore Bissell
received.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to the consid-
eration of the joint resolution at this time.
Mr. BENJAMIN subsequently withdrew his
objection, when
The amendment reported by the committee
was agreed to.
Thejointresolution, as amended, was ordered
to a third reading; and it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCOEIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
port of delivery, kansas city, missouri.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, by unanimous eon-
sent, reported from the Committee on Com-
merce a bill (H. It. No. 2109) to establish a
port ofdelivery at Kansas City, Missouri; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill constitutes Kansas City, Missouri,
a port ofdelivery, to be annexed to and made
apart of the collection district of New Orleans,
and to be subject to the same regulations and.
restrictions as other ports of delivery m the
United States, and with all the privileges and
facilities afforded by the act of Congress oi
March 2, 1831, entitled "An act allowing the
duties on foreign merchandise imported into
Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville,
St. Louis, Nashville, and Natchez to be secured
and paid at those places." A surveyor of cus-
toms is to be appointed to reside at the port
and perform the duties prescribed by law,
receiving the compensation now provided or
which may be hereafter provided by law for
survevors of the same grade.
Mr' FINKELNBURG. This bill is unani-
mously recommended by the Committee on
Commerce. It has been drawn in conform-
ity with the recommendation of the Treasury
Department, and meets the approval of that
Department. ...
Mr. WELKER. How many new officers will
be created by the bill?
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Only one.
Mr. WELKER. He cannot discharge tho
duties without assistance. He will need ckrks.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. One officer is all
that is asked; and it the port of delivery• aoes
not pay expenses the Treasury Depart.ne
can discontinue it at any time.
