1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
Sheafe vs. Tillman, fourth district of Ten-
nessee ;
Leftwich vs. Smith, eighth district of Ten-
nessee ;
Shields vs. Van Horn, sixth district of Mis-
souri ;
Switzler vs. Dyer, ninth district of Missouri;
Barnes vs. Adams, eighth district of Ken-
tucky ; >
Zeigler vs. Rice, ninth district of Kentucky;
Chamblin vs. Platte, second district of Vir-
ginia ;
Hinds vs. Sherrod, sixth district of Ala-
bama ;
Reid vs. Julian, fourth district of Indiana;
E:_,gleston vs. Strader, first district of Ohio;
Elliott vs. Rogers, second district of Arkan-
sas ; and
Boyden vs. Shober, sixth district of North
Carolina.
Mr. Farnsworth's motion was then agreed
to. there being on a division—ayes 60, noes
•53 ; and thereupon (at half past two o'clock
p. m.) the House adjourned.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: A memorial from i:
letter-carriers of Louisville, Kentucky. j
notice op a bill.
The following notice for leave to introduce
a bill -was given under the rule:
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: A bill for the
erection of city post office, United States court-
rooms, and internal revenue offices in the city
of Covington, Kentucky.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rules, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BENJAMIN: The petition of George
W. Henry, for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Harriot W. Wilkcrson,
widow of Charles Wilkerson, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Zelica T. Dunlap,
praying for a pension.
By Mr. BURR: A petition of citizens of
various counties in the tenth district of Illinois,
praying the repeal of all laws imposing duties
on importation of hides.
By Mr. INGBRSOLL: The petition of C. P.
Towle and 112 others, citizcns of Hennepin,
Illinois, praying for the repeal of the duty on
hides.
Also, the memorial of (J. H. Dickinson and
<19 others, citizens of Maiden, Illinois, praying
for the repeal of the duty on hides.
Also, the petition of William II. Negus and
.16 others, citizens of Galva, Illinois, praying
for the repeal of the duty on hides.
By Mr. LOGAN : The petition.of L. John-
ston and others, of Richland county, Illinois,
asking that hides be placed on the free list.
Also, the petition of 0. B. Thomas and
others, asking that the word slave be stricken
from the Army-rolls so that all soldiers may
have the same rights as to bounties.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petitions of Wil-
liam C. Pickens and of William R. Duncan,
of Tennessee, each praying for a pension.
By Mr. McNEELY: A petition of 20 citi-
zens of Fulton county, Illinois, for repeal ofduty
on hides.
By Mr. PAINE : The petition of Henry L.
Atkins and 2D others, citizens of Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, for the repeal of the duty on raw
hides.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of A. S. Mathews and 70 others, of Stoning-
ton, Connecticut, asking Congress to remove
tariff duties on imported coal.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Amos
Armstrong, a soldier of the war of 1812, for
increase of pension.
By Mr. WHITTEMORE: The petition of
M. G. Tarrh, for compensation as census-taker
in the year 1800 in the county of Chesterfield,
South Carolina.
By Mr. WILLARD: The petition of J. II.
Lncia, late of company H, seventeenth regi-
ment Vermont volunteer infantry, for pay,
extra pay, and allowances.
By Mr. WELLS: The memorial of Addison
M. Copen, private in company I, third United
States dragoons, in the Mexican war. for
pension.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: A petition of citizens
of Indiana, asking a repeal of the duty on
hides;
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 8, 1869.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Hon. Wiixiam T. Hamilton, from the State
of Maryland, appeared in his seat to-day.
appointment op committees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The first busi-
ness in order is the presentation of petitions
i and memorials.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask theunanimouscon-
' sent of the Senate to proceed to the appoint-
!' nient of the standing committees, which it
I would be well to appoint before petitions are
: presented in order that they may be properly
referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
; from Rhode Island asks that the thirty-fifth
' rule, requiring the committees of the Senate to
: be elected by ballot, the chairman separately
and then the remaining members of each com-
\ mittee, may bo dispensed with by unanimous
'! consent, so that they may be appointed by reso-
] lution. Is there any objection? The Chair
i none.
" * Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the list of
,, committees whicli I hand to the Secretary be
1 adopted as the list of standing committees of
! the Senate for the present session^.
The Secretary read the list. asTOliows:
On Foreign Relations—M Sumner, (chairman,)
' Cameron, Harlan, Morton, Pattevaon, Schurz, and
( Cnxsorly.
: f)n Finance—[Sherman, (chairman.) Wil-
liams, Cattell, Morrill of Vermont, Winner, Kenton,
i and liayard.
I On Appropriation*—'Messrs. Morrill of Elaine,
J (chairman,) Wilson, Cole, Sprague, lawyer, Pool,
■ ami Stockton.
J On Commerce—Messrs. Chandler, (chairman,) Cor-
bett, Kellogg, Spencer, Conkling, Buckingham,
I and Vickers.
;! On Manufacture—Messrs. Morton, (chairman,)
: Yates, Robertson, Ooreman, and McDonald.
I On A t/ricnlture—Messrs.Cameron,(cliiunuan,)ttob-
i ortson, Tipton, Gilbert, and McCrocry.
' On Military Affairs—Messrs. Wilson, (chairman.)
1 Howard, Cameron, Morton, Thayer, Abbott, and
j Schurz.
I On Naval Affairs—Messrs. Cragin. (chairman,)
Anthony, Nye, Brake, Scott, Osborn, and Stockton.
On the Jtuli'-iaru—Messrs. Trumbull, (chairman,)
Stewart, Hdmunds, Conkling, Rice, Carpenter,
and Thurman.
On I'ost OjJi'ri and Pont Roads—Messrs. Ramsey,
(chairman,) Pomcroy, McDonald, llamlin, Cote,
Gilbert, and Thurman.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Pomcroy, (chairman,)
Williams, Tipton, Osborn, Warner, Sprague, and
■ Casserly.
On Private land Claims—Mc:-srs. Williams, (chair-
; man,) Ferry, Sawyer, Kellogg, and ISayaril.
| On Indian Affairs—Messrs. liarlan, (chairman,)
I Ross, Corbett, Thayer, Buckingham, Pool, and
j Davis.
t On Pensions—Messrs. Edmunds, (chairman,) Tip-
ton, Spencer, Piatt, Brownloiv, Schurz, and Me-
! Creory.
; On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. Yatos, (chair-
' man,) Pool, Fowler, Brownlow, and Saulsbury.
; On Claims—Messrs. IIowo, (chairman,) Willey,
; Scott, Sprague, Robertson, Pratt, and Davis.
; On the j)istrict of Columbia.—,M.c"^r. Hamlin,
(chairman.) Patterson, Sumner, Rice, Harris, Pratt,
and Vickers.
On Patents—Messrs. Willey, (chairman,) Ferry,
Carpenter. Norton, and Hamilton.
On Public Luildings and (lrounds—Messrs. Morrill
of Vermont, (chairman,) Trumbull, Cole, Stockton,
and Hamilton.
, On Territories—Messrs. Nye, (chairman,) Cragin,
McDonald, Schurz, Howard, Boreman, and Mc-
Creery.
On the pacific Railroad—Messrs. Howard, (chair-
man.) Sherman, Ramsey, Stewart, Wilson, liarlan,
Drake. Ilice, Abbott, B'enton, and Scott.
On Ninei and Mining—M essrs. Stewart, (chairman,)
Chandler, Anthony, Yatos, Ross, Saulsbury, and
1 owler.
On the Revision of the Laws of the United States—
Messrs. Conkling, (chairman,) Sumner, Carpenter,
Pool, and Bayard.
On Education—Messrs. Drake, (chairman,) Morrill
of Vermont, Sawyer, Corbett, and Pomcroy.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate—Messrs. Ferry, (chairman,) Edmunds, and
Davis.
On Engrossed Dills—Messrs. Buckingham (chair-
man) and Norton.
Joint Committee on Printing—Messrs. Anthony,
(chairman,) Harris, and Casserly.
Joint Committee on the Library—Messrs. Cattell,
(chairman,) Howe, and MorriM of Maine.
Joint Committee on Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Thayer,
(chairman,) Patterson, and Abbott.
JPkglist was adopted.
CMr. ANTHONY. I move that the select
Committee on Revision of the Rules that was
appointed at the last session and the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities be continued for the present session,
and that the names which I have- sent to the
desk constitute those committees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the names.
The Secretary read the list, as follows :
Select Committee on Revision of the Ilnles—Mr. An-
thony, (chairman.) Mr. Pomeroy, and Mr, Edmunds.
Select Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities—Mr. Robertson, (chairman,) Mr. Osborn,
Mr. Hamlin, Mr. Ilowe, Mr. Ferry, Mr. Boreman,
and Mr. Vickers.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am not sure that it
requires any resolution to continue the joint
Committee on Retrenchment. Perhaps the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Patter-
son] can inform me on that point.
Mr. PATTERSON. I suppose not. I sup-
pose that was provided for at the last session
by the concurrent resolution of the two Houses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that the joint select Committee on Re-
trenchment still exists and does not need
revival.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senators
named in the paper which I have sent to the
desk be the committee on the part of the Senate.
The Secretary read as follows:
Joint Select Committee on Retrenchment on the wart,
of the Senate—Mr. Patterson, (chairman,) Mr. Wil-
liams Mr. Schurz, and Mr. Thurman.
Tin; motion was agreed to.
committee clerk.
Mr. ANTHONY. In connection with this
subject I desire to offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on Education be
authorized to employ a clerk at the same rate of
compensation as is allowed to clerks of other com-
mittee*.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
ltEFERENCE OE BILLS, ETC.
Mr. SUMNER. Before presenting a peti-
tion which 1 have in my hand I desire to ask
whether the bills which have been heretofore
introduced have had a proper reference?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will require
the action of the Senate. There are now lying
on the table several bills, executive commu-
nications, and petitions.
Mr. SUMNER. The reason I put the ques-
tion is that I was about to take the liberty of
asking that Senate bill No. 295, to amend the
banking act and to promote the resumption of
specie payments, introduced by me yesterday,
be not referred immediately, as a Senator on
the floor has expressed to me a desire to make
some remarks on the question of its reference.
Perhaps there may be no objection to a gen-
eral reference of all the other bills to the appro-
priate committees, leaving that out. I will
move, then, that all bills already introduced be
referred to the appropriate committees with
the exception of the one which I have already
indicated".
Mr. CONKLING. The motion, I suggest,
had better include also petitions and memo-
rials.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes; petitions and memo-
rials also.
