1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3227
to some irregularity in the diviaioa it w not in
order. , .
Mr. COX, It relates to an irregularity in
the voting. My point is that Mr. Morrell,
of Pennsylvania, is voting upon a proposition
in which he is directly interested.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will rule, as
he did yesterday, that that is not a question
for the Committee of the Whole to consider.
Mr. COX. I want to state 
Cries of •' Order!" "Order!"
Mr. COX. Then I will have to raise the
question in the House. i
The CHAIRMAN. That is the only place ,
where such a question can be decided. It is ,
not the province of the Committee of the
Whole to determine any collateral question
of that kind.
Mr. SCHENCK. I raise another question
of order: that while one point of order is pend- 1
ing, undecided, another point of order cannot
be raised.
Mr. COX. Will it not be too late for me to
raise the point of order after the vote has been j
announced ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled that I
the question cannot be raised in Committee of i
the Whole at any time. It must be raised in
the House if at all.
Mr. COX. Can I not move that the Com-
mittee of the Whole now rise, so that I may
raise the question in the House?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to
move that the committee rise while the com-
mittee is actually engaged in dividing upon a
question. Those voting in the negative upon
the question whether the decision of the Chair
shall stand as the judgment of the committee
will now rise in their places and stand until
counted.
The negative vote was announced as 7, which,
with the affirmative vote, 88, did not make a
quorum.
Mr. CONGER. Is there not a rule of the
House requiring all members present to vote
unless excused?
The CHAIRMAN. There is; but it must
be enforced by the House and not by the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. CONGER. There is a quorum present,
but members will not vote.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Brooks, of
New York, and Mr. Kblsey were appointed.
Tbecommitteeagaindivided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes one hundred
and five, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Cox, to strike oat the entire paragraph as
amended and to insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
od Fteel railway bars, li cents per pound, and on all
railway bars madeio part of steel, li cents per ponnd;
and on all metal converted, east, or made from iron
by the Bessemer or pnennaatic process, of whatever
form or description. S33 60 per ton.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. My point of order is that
the Committee of the Whole have already
passed upon each of these propositions.
The CHAIRMAN. The latter portion of
the proposition the Chair rules is not in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. As I understand it the
whole of the proviso has been acted on.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is cor-
rect.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move a substitute for
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] to make the paragraph read' 'on
Bessemer steel of all kinds, $33 50 per ton."
Mr. BENTON. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. BENTON. The Chair ruled yesterday
lthat as amount fixed by the Committee of the
Whole could be added to but not diminished.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment o£ the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] is
substantially a substitute for the entire para-
graph, which the Chair rules to be in order.
1 be questiou was taken upon the amendment
of Mr. benjamin to the amendment of Mr.
Cox; and upon a division, there were—ayes
42, noes 60; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Benjamin* ;
and Mr. Maynard were appointed. j
Before the tellers took their places, <
Mr. McNEELY said: Some of us here think
that Mr. Morrell, of Pennsylvania, ought not
to vote upon this question about to be voted
upon, on account of the direct personal inter-
est which he has in it, as was shown in the
debate on yesterday. In what way can we
bring up that question so that there may be a
decision upon it?
The CHAIRMAN. The committee may rise
and report the subject to the House for con-
sideration.
Mr. McNEELY. Then I move that the Com-
mittee of the Whole now rise, in order that I
may submit to the House the question I have
indicated. I want to see whether a man has a
right to put millions of dollars in his own pocket
by his own vote on this floor.
Mr. CESSNA. Is that motion now in order,
the committee being engaged in dividing upon
a question ?
The CHAIRMAN. A motion that the com-
mittee rise may be entertained at any time,
when the committee is not actually engaged in
voting.
Mr. COX. I desire to move an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. A motion for the com-
mittee to rise is not amendable or debata-
ble.
The question was taken upon the motion
that the committee rise; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 89, noes 70.
Mr. McNEELY. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. McNeely
and Mr. Benton were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 46, noes 78.
So the motion that the committee rise was
not agreed to.
While those opposed to the motion were
passing between the tellers,
Mr. McNEELY arrested the count and said:
Has the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr.
morrell, a right to vote on this question ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rales that
he is entitled to vote.
The voting was resumed and concluded, and
the result announced as above.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Benjamin, on which, no quorum having
voted, Mr. Benjamin and Mr. Maynard had
been appointed tellers.
The amendment was again reported, as fol-
lows :
Strike oat the paragraph, and insert in lieu th ereof
the following:
On Bessemer steel of all kinds, $30 50 per ton.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
j ported—ayes 51, noes 66.
So the amendment was pot agreed to.
message from tub senate.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
j the Union rose informally; and Mr. Scofield
| having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
a message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
; its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
j passed bills of the following titles, in which
! the concurrence of the House was requested :
j An act (S. No. 829) in relation to fraudu-
I lent trade-marks npon foreign watches ;
i An act (S. No. 850) for the relief of Captain
I George Henry Preble, of the Navy of the
! United States;
An act (S. No. 743) confirming and extend-
ing a patent-right to Levi W. Fond and the
Eau Claire Lumber Company ;
An act (S. No. 845) granting a pension to
Harriet Dewitt Mitchell;
An act (S. No. 846) granting a pension to
Rebecca Shoemaker;
An act (S. No. 790) for the relief of John
Tyler;
An act (S. No. 692) for the relief of J. Ross
Browne, late minister to China ;
An act (S. No. 390) to change the place of
holding the courts of the United States for the
northern district of Mississippi;
An act (S. No. ?>93) to aid in the construc-
tion of the Omaha and Northwestern railroad
and telegraph line from Omaha, via the mouth
of Niobrara river, to Fort Berthold, Dakota
Territory; and
An act (S. No. 483) granting lands and the
right of way in Missouri and Arkansas to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line along or near the thirty-sixth parallel of
north latitude, from the Mississippi river to
the Arkansas river.
tariff bill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union resumed its session.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Cox; which was read, as follows:
Strike out the paragraph, and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
On steel railway bars. 1} cents per pound, and on
all railway bars made partly of steel, 11-10 cents per
pound.
On agreeing to the amendment, there were—
ayes 18, noes 70; no quorum voting.
Tellers were orderea; and Mr. Cox and Mr.
Peters were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 29, noes 80; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
the roll to be called; when the following-named
members failed to answer:
Messrs. Atwood, Aztel, Ayer, Bailey, Barnum, Sea-
man,Beat1 y, Bennett,Bole?,Bowen, Boyd.Burr, Ben-
j jamin F. Butler, Crebs, Davis, Dawes, Dockery, Don-
ley,Dyer, tiox.Haight, Haldeman,Hawkins,Ueaton.
Hill, Hoge, Holman, J ohnson. Julian, Kellogg, Kerr,
Knott, Logan, McCormick, Mungen, Paine, Palmer,
I Perce, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Bidgway,
' Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod, Stevens,
j Stevenson, Stiles, Tanner, Twicbell, Van Auken,
Van Horn, Van Wyck, Voorhees, William B. Wash-
j burn.Welker, and Woodward.
I During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman from Illinois,
Mr. Logan, is absent on a conference com-
mittee.
Mr. LAFLIN. My colleague, Mr. Tanner,
is absent on a committee of conference.
Mr. CONGER. My colleague, Mr. Bea-
man, has left the Hall on account of sickness.
Mr. BECK. My colleague, Mr. Knott, is
sick in bed.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. Mr. Heaton
is at home sick.
The names of the absentees were announced
as above stated.
The committee then rose; and Mr. Scofield
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Wheeler reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union having,
according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House
bill No. 1068, to amend existing laws relating
to the duty on imports, and for other pur-
poses, and finding itself without a quorum,
he had, under the rule, caused the roll to be
called, and now reported the names of the
absentees to the House, in order that they may
be entered upon the Journal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A quorum
having answered to their names, the only thing
in order is for the committee to resume its
session.
The committee then resumed its session, Mr.
Wheeler in the chair.
The tellers resumed their places.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 50, noes 80.
So Mr. Cox's substitute was rejected.
The question then recurred on Mr. Benja-
min's motion, to strike out the paragraph ai
amended.
