2284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
rity and old-fashioned devotion to free govern-
meat which charactei'ize the great mass of Penn-
sylvania voters. Pennsylvania is the Keystone
State more than in name. When her careful-
thinking people speak, policies or administra-
tions are upheld or changed. When that great
Commonwealth issues her decision, the same
controlling current, deep down and beyond the
reach of politicians, mysteriously extends to
Ohio and Indiana, and an authoritative verdict
is rendered by a robust common sense which is
not influenced by the pratings of demagogues
nor the schemes of reckless revolutionists.
My disringuLshed colleague [Mr.Woodward]
1 understood to assume that there is no prin-
ciple involved in this bill; that it is a game of
grab, and that he consequently is warranted
in seeking to obtain as much for his district in
the scramble as possible. I wilt not say that.,
like the genii of the Arabian Nights, he has
contracted a colossal figure and shut it up
within the limits of a single district, as though
in the fabled casket from the sea, for that might
be invidious: but I hold that he has been be-
trayed into the employment of some phrases
which are ordinarily used by the supporters
of a prohibitory tariff, which lead logically to
some one of the forms of paternal government
that protect everything—labor, capital, indus-
trial pursuits, and all avocations, until they
have protected the sap, manhood, and inde-
pendence out of the people.
But there is in my judgment a great princi-
ple involved in the discussion and treatment
of this bill, the principle of reducing taxation
and unnecessary public burdens. To be sure,
the measure presented bv the Committee of
Ways and Means is an incongruous piece of
most curious mosaic. The different lobbies
that have crowded about these Halls seem to
have one after the other added their fragment
until the stone picture is anything else than
creditable to the committee. Sound principles
of taxation do not seem to have been consid-
ered, but extreme deference apparently has
been paid to the various interests which have
successively been here represented, all except
that one great uncomplaining and unorganized
interest, which is the sufferer from all such bills.
1 mean the agricultural interest and tho general
mass of the people,
There does not seem to have yet arisen on
the other side of the House (my friends on this
side are powerless to originate or mold a meas-
ure) a statesman who has studied the true prin-
ciple of taxation, and, like another Sir Robert
Peel, can giasp this whole vast financial sub-
ject. With currency and taxation, tariff and
banks, intimately connected together, acting
and reacting upon each other as they do, no
statesman on this floor or at the other end of
the Capitol, so far as I know, has ever sought
by careful investigation to ascertain what is the
just proportion which each class or occupation
or profession should bear of the public burdens.
Why cannot wo do like tho arbitrary propri-
etor of some island, surrounded by numerous
tenantry of every degree of rank and fortune—
men of wealth enjoying wide domains, farmers
of more moderate means, traders dwelling in
towns, and laborers of all grades of skill and
earnings—upon whom he draws annual rents
for the lauds and houses, out of which is de-
frayed the whole expense of government, of
the military forces, of ships of war, of the civil
administration, and the administration of jus-
tice? Would he not, as a wise and just ruler,
having no other interests than the interests of
the whole body of his people, ascertain by
every means in his power that all his tenants
were paying fair and equitable rents and taxes,
which wore exactly proportioned to the amount
of their possessions, the proportionate amount,
1 of protection which they consequently enjoy,
and their consequent ability to bear their just
share of the burdens of the State?
There is an absence of principle in this bill.
It is a heterogeneous compound. But there
is a principle involved in the opposition to it,
which is the reduction of our external taxation,
just as there was in the redaction of internal
taxation. The reduction of the latter has par-
tially been effected ; the reduction of the for-
mer must follow. One word expresses the pol-
icy and principle which will control my votes,
namely, reduction. I am in favor of a reduc-
tion of the tariff; of further reduction of internal
revenue taxation ; but above all and before all
I am in favor of a sweeping reduction of ex-
penditure. I am in favor of a reduction of the
tariff, of internal revenue taxation, and expend-
itures, because they are sapping the founda-
tions of republican government. You have
now a broad system of taxes, currency, bonds,
and banks, which result in a rate of interest
so high upon capital that tho life-blood is being
drained from the industrial class es and the
mass of the people.
And by oppressive taxation, in addition to
the other causes I have named, such vast sums
of money are accumulated in the great cities
that, directly or indirectly, you necessarily play
into the hands of speculators and capitalists.
It may be laid down, too, as an axiom, must
render profligate in expenditure all your high
officials. The chairman of your Committee on
Appropriations may seek to cut down expenses
and save $20,000,000 or $30,000,000 upon bills
as they pass this House, with a probability of
the Senate non-concurring, but you cannot
stop the expenditure of unexpended balances,
which, according to the statement and proof
of the able and accurate gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck,] amounted last year to the
enormous sum of 504,000,000, without appro-
priation by law.
With such largo revenues in excess of the
strict necessities of the Government you can-
not prevent extravagauce and corruption run-
ning through every one of your Departments;
and you will bo compelled to witness, t,o the
eternal shame of tho American people, a con-
stant repetition of those defalcations, which are
coming to light in every city. If you fail to
radically amend your whole system of taxa-
tion and finance, speculation will Continue to
run riot, to the injury of honest and legitimate
business, and you must be prepared to suffer
the humiliation of witnessing still more gold
comers and gold panics, with a suspicion aris-
ing therefrom reaching to the highest in the
land, ay, even daring to cross the threshold
of the White House.
What is the necessity for doing all this ?
Why collect $150,000,000 more revenue than
is necessary from a people who have just
emerged from a most terrible contest? We
are each year receiving 350,000 emigrants, or
in three years a number of people equal to one
fortieth of our entire present population with-
out estimating the natural increase of our own
people; that is, every three years one fortieth
of our load is taken upon the "shoulders of
those who come to enjoy the benefits of our
Government and the advantages of our coun-
try. Moreover, the constantly increasing devel-
opment of our resources will enable us hereaf-
ter more easily to bear our heavy burdens than
now.
Already the tendency to the aggregation of
vast wealth in few hands has taken place in New
York and other large cities, and we seem to
forget that that is not a great and happy, pros-
perous and free country, where there is one
class of intelligent, rich, refined, and educated
people; but that a truly happy and prosperous
nation is the one where all are comfortable,
well educated, and refined.
My votes here will be governed by the fact
that I do not wish to see this rapid career of
our country toward the condition of things
which exists in England. There they have one
of the highest classes of people in the world,
the English nobility ; and then they drop down
to the lowest class, as deep as the protozoa,
the film of living things, which, 14,000 feet deep
along the surface of the great sea-meadow of
Sargasso, 3,000,000 square miles in extent,
serves as bed for the Atlantic cable. I do not
want it to be necessary for the statesmen of this
country in the future to go down, as they did
■upon the Great Eastern, -when searching for the
lost Atlanticcable,with thfeir grappling-irons, to
seize hold and draw up the mass of the people
like a lost telegraph wire from among the low-
est order of created things. Will you not in
time so modify your legislation and correct
your policy as to prevent the elevation of one
class and the sinking down so deep of another
cl&ss?
It is well to ask, as I have often asked my-
self, wherefore and for whose interests are
these high duties levied? Of course gentle-
men speak about creating home rnarkets. That
doctrine' was all well enough in the days of
Henry Clay, the great exponent of the Amer-
ican policy. It may have been well enough
then, as he desired to enact a stable tariff of
26 per cent., I believe, for nine years, until
the year 1842, when he said that our industries
could stand alone. But it is now nearly thirty
years since that time. We have now grown
to be a nation of 40,000,000' people, as nu-
merically strong as any other nation in Chris-
tendom, unless it be Russia, and as physically
strong as any nation in the world. We have
scarcely done boasting of the energy and
power we exhibited during the late war. And
is it not humiliating that the American people
should be to-day asking for any sort of pro-
tection against foreign Governments? ■
Are we yet in our swaddling clothes? Are
we not able to stand alone? Can you, by a
prohibitory tariff, succeed in creating markets
for all your surplus grain ? -You have not done
it; you cannot do it. Wheat is cheaper now,
notwithstanding all these years of high tariff,
than I remember it ever before to have been.
Sir, your only mode of providing markets
for your grain is by exchanging it for the pro-
ducts of other countries. You cannot take
as muckof the productions of other countries
as you otherwise would, by building up pro-
hibitory tariffs and Chinese walls.
The class which produces grain in my State
of Pennsylvania, that State which has been
so much abused here, as in other States,
embraces 48 per cent, of the producing popu-
lation of this country; and it produces of "the
great and valuable productions of the country
three times the value of all the manufactures
of the country, three times as much as all the
cotton, woolen, iron, leather, railways, and
the fisheries, all put together.
Now every horseshoe, every calico dress,
every pound of tea, coffee, sugar, or salt used
by the farmer pays a tax, and he is to a certain
extent deprived of his market in Europe be-
cause by prohibitory tariffs you shut out the
goods which would be otherwise exchanged
for our grain.
Now, then, in brief, returning to the princi-
ple or premise with which I started, I aui in
favor of reducing the tariff; 1 am in favor of
reducing internal taxation ; I am in favor of
a modification of the banking system and a
readjustment of the currency, more especially
because if we keep from the Executive Depart-
ments large amounts of unnecessary supplies
we can then, I think, talk of retrenchment and
economy to some purpose. There will then be
no unexpended balances and inviting millions
to seduce our officials into profligate expend-
itures and estimates.
Mr. MAYNARD obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. RANDALL, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Cake
having taken the chair as the Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Churchill reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under con-
sideration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (H. R. No. 1068] to amend
existing laws relating to the duty on imports,
