28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
The VICE PRESIDENT. And executive
communications which have been submitted
by lie Chair and have been laid on the table ?
ill*. SOMNER. All pupeis.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I doubt the propriety of
that motion ; for there are one or two bills ou
the table that I should like to say a few words
upon at the time of their reference.
Mr. SUMNER. .Then the Senator may have
those excepted from the general order of refer-
ence,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will except tho bill regu-
lating the immigration of Chinese into this
country.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be
excepted
. Mr. STEWART. I should like to have
excepted also tbe joint resolution introduced by.
me for the relief of persons engaged in the late
rebellion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be
excepted.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope Senate bill No. 274,
introduced by me, will be excepted from the
general reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will also
be excepted.
Mr. MORTON. I will ask that the joint
resolution to restore Virginia be excepted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be
excepted.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask that the bill intro-
duced by me the other day for the relief of Mr.
Crowe and others from disabilities beexcepted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
other exceptions, the Chair will take the sense
of the Senate on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, that all bills, resolutions, peti-
tions, and other papers presented and laid on
the table before the appointment of tbe com-
mittees shall be referred by the Secretary to
their appropriate committees, with the excep-
tions indicated by Senators.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MBMOItlALS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I present the petition of
a Mr. C. S. Boutwell, of the State of Texas,
selling forth that he has been a rebel and has
got sick of it, and praying to bo relieved of
disabilities. I move that it be referred to the
t>pecial committee on that subject.
Tbe motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I'presenta
petition from William Cornell Jewett, praying
Congress to suspend the workings of the French
rable 011 American soil until France authorizes
tbe laying of a cable 011 French soil from
American soil and allows all communications
t h rough the cable to pass freely through France.
I would state that there is now a bill 011 tho
table of tho Senate which meets certainly a
part of tho prayer of this petition. I shallcall
it up at an early day. Meanwhile I present
this petition, and move its reference to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
^ Mr. HOWE presented a petition of Jamea
R. Cole, of Wisconsin, %vho was an enrolling
officer during the rebellion, and who was shot
and disabled for life while engaged iu that
duty, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee 011 Pensions.
Ho also presented the petition of citizens of
Chippewa county, Wisconsin, praying for the
repeal ol the duty on foreign hides; which was
reierral to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. KELLOGG presented a petition of citi-
zens of the city of New Orleans, Jefferson City,
Carrollton, and the furroundiug vicinity, in and
of the State of Louisiana, praying Congress to
extend the port of entry of the city of New
Oi leans bo as to include the upper limits of
the borough of Carrollton, in tile parish of
•Jefferson, State of Louisiana; which was re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Commerce.
Mr. CATTELL presented a petition of sixty-
two citizens of New Jersey, asking the enact-
ment of a law granting bounties to the nine-
months soldiers the same as to those who
served a longer period; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Polly Wales, of Providence, Rhode Island,
widow of Norman Wales, praying to be allowed
a pension ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Lucmda
Parkerson, of WestGreenwich, county of Kent,
Rhode Island, widow of Vamey Parkerson,
prayingto be allowed arrears of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Catharine
B. Dougherty, of Fall River, county of Bristol,
Massachusetts, praying to be allowed arrears
of pension ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of Alex-
ander C. Twining, praying an extension of his
patent for the manufacture of ice ; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents.
He also presented the petition of Ira Emory,
late a member of company D, fourteenth
Connecticut volunteers, praying to be allowed
a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee'on Pensions.
He also presented tbe petitions of J. IL
Bass, J. H. Stephens, N. C. Read, Israel F.
Battaile, T. G. Davidson, and N. W. Bush,
all of the county of Brenham, Texas, praying
the removal of their political disabilities;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hav^j a petitition signed
by sundry officers of the Navy, who allege that
gross injustice was done to them in the pro-
motions which were provided for in the law of
July 25, 1800. I have some knowledge of the
facts of some of the cases. I have no doubt
there were remarkable transactions at the
Navy Department under that law ; I have no
doubt that simple justice demands at our hands
a revision of the acts that were there per-
formed ; and I ask the earnest arid candid
attention of the Committee on Naval Affairs
to the subject embraced in this petition. I
move that it be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of the
Ladies' Seamen's Friend Society, of San Fran-
cisco, California, praying the establishment of
official shipping-masters and shipping officers
throughout the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the memorial of Messrs.
Sweeney & Bough, proprietors of the Mer-
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, California,
asking indemnity for establishing signal stations
near that city ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Claims.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 69) relating to amend-
ments of tho Constitution; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask that the joint reso-
lution bo read at length.
The Secretary read as follows:
7>r it resolved, &e., That whenever satisfactory evi-
dence is furnished to tho Secretary of State that
three fourths of tho Legislatures of tho several
States have ratified any amendment proposed by
Congress, to the Constitution of the "United States
ho shall lorthwith proclaim the fact of such ratifica-
tion; mid if it shall appear that the Legislature of
a Mate had ratified any amendment proposed as
aforesaid, any other action by tho Legislature of
that State as to such amendment shall 60 void and
disregarded by tho Secretary of State.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that that join t
resolution be printed and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; and I express the
hope that for obvious reasons it will receive
the early attention of that committee.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 70) against leasing certain
public lands in the city of San Francisco, Cal-
ifornia; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Retrenchment. I believe the chairman of that
committee is in possession of the facts relating
to that matter; and I will only suggest to him
what probably he already is aware of, that I
understand it is highly important to the public
interests that immediate action should be had
upon it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 299) to promote international coinage;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
300) for the relief of Alexander C. Twining;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
801) for the repeal of certain laws therein
named; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. FERRY. As the bill is a very short
one I ask that it may be read at length.
The Secretary read as follows:
Be it enacted, &c., That an act entitled "An act to
prescribe an oath of office, and for other purposes,"
approved July 2, 1862, and all parts of other acts
requiring the taking or administration of the oath
in said first-mentioned act prescribed, be, and the
same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. FERRY. The object of the bill, it will
be seen, is to repeal the laws requiring the
administration of what is known as the test-
oath. Bills were introduced at the last ses-
sion, and other similar bills yesterday, looking
to a general removal of the political disabili-
ties created by the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution. It has been my hope that at
some time during the present session those
bills may receive the favorable action of the
Senate; yet without still further action repeal-
ing the laws whose repeal is provided for in the
bill which I have now introduced the object
of the former bills will not be accomplished.
The test-oaths now preclude from all objects
of E'ederal ambition a very large proportion of
the population of the southern States; and
until those acts are repealed, the necessity of
which, as it seems to me, has now gone by, it
will be impossible to remove the irritation and
bitterness of feeling which yet, to some extent,
remains in a large portion of our country. I
believe the policy of a general removal of
those disabilities, created either by the third
section of the fourteenth amendment oj by the
statutes requiring the administration of the
test-oath, is a policy which the experience of
the last summer and the universal sentiment of
all parties in the southern States has decided
ought to be adopted by Congress; and as tho
Republican party now in power originally.
enacted those laws for the security of the Gov-
ernment and tbe preservation of the life of the
nation, so now when those necessities are
gone by it has certainly seemed to me that the
same party which enacted them should repeal
them.^ I hope the bill will receive the early
attention of the committee. I move its refer-
ence to the select Committee on Political Dis-
abilities.
The motion- was agreed to.
Mr. CATTELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 502) giving the consent of the United
States to the erection of a bridge across the
Delaware river between Philadelphia and Cam-
den ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to tho Committee on Commerce, and ordered^
to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unanimous,
consent obtained, leave to introduce a biJl (S. •
