1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2285
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
111SLIEF Of DISTRICT POOR.
Mr. ELA. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution for reference.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. According
to the recollection of the Chair there was no
understanding that the session of tbiis evening
should be restricted to debate only; and if
there be no objection the joint resolution will
be received.
There being no objection,
Mr. ELA introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 216) for the temporary relief of the
poor of the District of Columbia; which was
read a first and second time and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT OF PENSIONS.
Mr. ELA. lask unanimous consent to offer
the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to report to the House whether pensions, if
any, granted by special acts of Congress have been
reduced below the amountfixed in the acts granting
them, with the name of the pensioner, the amount
of the reduction, and the law under which the reduc-
tion is made; also, what pensions have been in-
creased, it' any, above the amounts specified in the
special acts granting them, with the name of the
pensioner, the amount of the increase per month,
and the aggregate in each ease; and by whoso author-
ity or under what law tho increase has been made.
Mr. BURCHARD. I thought there was an
understanding that no business should be done
this evening;.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. When the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Ela]
proposed to offer his joint resolution, the Chair
stated it would be received if there was no ob-
jection. The Chair is not quite certain as to
the understanding which was had when the
session of this evening was ordered.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I think that no restric-
tion as to business was agreed on.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Of course it
would be unfair when there is so meager a
House to transact any business to which there
could possibly be any objection.
Mr. ELA. If there is any objection to my
resolution, it will of course go over.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to: and (at ten
o'clock and live minutes p. m.) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: The petition of William F.
Butler, of Richmond, Virginia, praying for
relief from political disabilities.
By Mr. BENJAMIN: A petition of citizens
of Olaik county, Missouri, in relation to the
tax on distilled spirits.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The petition of
Charles F. Whitden and others, citizens of
Rockford, Illinois, for aid to enable Captain
Hall to make explorations.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of Charles J.
Abbott and others, for the establishment of a
navy-yard at Castine, Maine.
By Mr. M AYN ARD : A petition of citizens
of Tennessee, praying the establishment of a
post route from Sylco, Tennessee, to Spring
Place, Georgia.
Also, preamble and resolutions of certain
German citizens of Knox county, Tennessee,
against intervention.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: The peti-
tion of Charles F. Curry and 42 mechanics
and laborers, in Cumberland county, New
Jersey, remonstrating against any change in
the tariff laws suggested by a free-trade league
representing alien interests, and praying for a
reduction of duty on tea, coffee, &c., and for
such readjustment of duty on articles made in
this country as will sustain the wages of Ameri-
man workiogmen.
By Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania: A
memorial of 92 citizens of Irish birth, of Schuyl-
kill county, Pennsylvania, setting forth facts
in the history of Ireland and America, which
demonstrate the ruinous influence of British
policy and the success of the efforts of England
to destroy the industry of rival nations, and
praying for increased protection to American
industries, and that in all changes of the tariff
their interests shall be considered as paramount
to all others.
Also, a memorial of 108 citizens of Centre
county, Pennsylvania, also of Irish birth, setting
forth the same facts as presented in the fore-
going petition, and praying for a like remedy
for similar grievances.
By Mr. STILES : The petition of citizens of
Limeport, Lehigh county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 30, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with, if
there be no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection. The reading will be dispensed
with.
SMITHSONIAN REPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a letter
of the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution,
communicating the annual report of the Board
of Regents of the Institution for the year 1869 ;
which was ordered to lie on tho table, and be
printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit tlie following
resolution, and move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Printing, in connection with the
report just presented by the Chair:
iTceolvcd. That six thousand copies of the report
of tho Smithsonian Institution for the year 1869 be
printed, three thousand for the use of tho Senate
and three thousand for the institution: find that
the said report be stereotyped: Provided, That tho
aggregate number of pages of said report shall not
exceed lour hundred and fifty, without illustrations,
except those furnished by tho Institution.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMILTON presented the petition of
Mary Butts, of Frederick county, Maryland,
praying to be allowed a pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
John W. Phillips, Hanover county, Virginia;
of'B. Trueheart, Amelia county, Virginia; of
Henry R. Carter, Hanover county, Virginia:
of Samuel L. Graham. Buchanan county, Vir-
ginia, and of Thomas W. Davis, Russell county,
Virginia, praying the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the petition
of John Batchelder, of Norwich, Connecticut,
praying for the extension of his patent sewing-
machine for the term of seven years from and
after May 8, 1870, upon such tsrms and con-
ditions as to Congress may seem just and rea-
sonable ; which was referred to tlie Committee
on Patents.
Mr. REVELS. I present petitions from
Maeon, Georgia, and Fort Valley, Georgia,
signed by more than two thousand persons,
citizens of Georgia, in behalf oftks Wilberforce
University, similar to others heretofore pre-
sented on the same subject. I move their ref-
erence to the Committee on Education and
Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POOL presented the petitions of 0. W.
Carr, Randolph county, North Carolina, and'
of B. A. Berry, Burke county, North Carolina,
praying the removal of their political disabil-
ities ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. KELLOGG. I present a petition, very
numerously signed by distillers, shippers, and
warehouse-keepers of New Orleans and other
cities on the Gulf coast, praying for the pas-
sage of a law at an early day requiring that all
the tax on spirits distilled within the United
States may be collected at 'the distillery or
distillery warehouses, and increasing the tax,
if need be, to cover all separate and minute
taxes on the same spirits now otherwise col-
lected. I move its reference to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG also presented a petition
from citizens of Louisiana, praying for the ab-
olition of the franking privilege; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. McDONALD presented the petition of
D. Edwin Holland, captain's clerk in the
United States steamer Colorado, and others,
clerks to commanding officers, praying an in-
crease of their present salary, and represent-
ing that they receive only $500 per annum,
which is entirely inadequate to the position
they fill and the duties required of them; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON. I present two petitions,
signed by a large number of workmen engaged
in furnaces in Dauphin county, Pennsylvania,
who say that unless some additional protection
is given to the iron furnaces the blasts will have
to be blown out. The Senate will observe that,
these petitions are from tho workmen, not
from the owners of the furnaces. I move their
reference to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER presented a memorial
of the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin,
praying that the city of Racine be reimbursed
for moneys expended and liabilities incurred
in the construction and improvement of the
harbor at Racine; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, relative to a grant of land
to the Wisconsin Railroad Farm Mortgage
Land Company; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I present a peti-
tion from citizens of Castine, Maine, represent-
ing that that town is a very eligible site for a
navy-yard, and understanding that there is some
movement in Congress for the selection of a
new site for a navy-yard, they ask that that,
among others, may be considered. I move its
reference to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
certain citizens of Mississippi, in which they
set forth the injustice done to the heirs of col-
ored soldiers through the existing law of evi-
dence applicable to cases of bounty, and they
ask for a change of the law in that respect. 1
move the reference of this petition to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. i also present the petition
of General G. Cluseret, formerlyaFrenchman,
now a citizen of the United States, who served
in our Army during the war. first as a colonel
and then as a general, in which he represents
that on the 5th of June, 1869, he was arbitra-
rily and violently expelled from his domicile
in Suresnes, near Paris, and from France, on
the plea of State security, (raison d Mat,} and
in pursuance of && order of the council 01 min-
isters, under tibe presidency of the emperor,
