1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4173
do anything, to arrest tlie evil on which I am
commenting.
Now, sir, the bill before the House proposes
CO[i,;estant, " If you come here in
good faith to prosecute a claim which presents
a reasonable ground for a contest we will pay
you all your necessary expenses; but inasmuch
as an evil inevitably grows up, if we make com-
pensation for your time we must say to you we
cannot make this a means of employment and
compensation to you; we will defray your
expenses if we can possibly ascertain them in
good faith, but we cannot, in consequence of
your being a contestant, give you a salary and
a compensation for your time.
_ That is the theory of the bill. If that be
right, then, Mr. Speaker, the only question is
whether it is practicable to carry it out. There
is no other way of accomplishing the object
we have in view without imposing a hardship
upon the sitting member, the man who holds
the certificate. As regards him the bill leaves
the law precisely as it is now, with the excep-
tion that he must wait before he gets his pay
until it is decided whether he is entitled to a
seat or not.
I hear it said in the House that the man who
comes here with the certificate ought to be able
to draw the money, because he discharges the
duty of a legislator. It is true, Mr.'Speaker,
that this is a hardship on the man who is ulti-
mately found entitled to the seat; but the ques-
tion is whether so great a good does not come
out of it that you will not impose upon him
that hardship. It will be seen at once that if
you undertake to establish tbe principle that
the man who ultimately fails to get the seat
shall have only his expenses you must, impose
this upon the man who gets the seat. When
you say that the man who gets the certificate
shall thereby secure his full pay, a man is
tempted to cheat, to get his certificate. If my
experience has been .worth anything to me, it
has satisfied me—and time and again it has
appeared to the Committee of Elections—tnat
men have obtained certificates for the purpose
of getting the compensation.
Let me, without reflecting on individuals,
give two or three instances that have come
under my own observation. A man was elected
to Congress under a regular election, held in
Oregon on the day fixed iti the constitution of
the State. Six months after that, it occurred
to a bright young man that the Constitution of
the United States said that the time for holding
the election should be fixed by the Legislature
of the State ; and inasmuch as the time for the
election had been fixed in the Constitution, he
set himself up as a candidate and received a
few votes. Receiving a certificate from the
Governor he came here and obtained from a
former Clerk of this House the entry of bis name
on the roll ; and although be could not keep
his seat here a month, although the Committee
ofElections dispatched him home very quickly,
he took S7.800 out of the Treasury and went
home with it.
I know another case where a man came here
and contested a seat with a certificate in his
hand. In the first session of the Congress
there was a preliminary report which covered
the whole case, but, which was not decided upon
by the House. He then told the Committee of
Elections that if they would report a resolu-
tion to pay his expenses be would go home and
abandon the case. They did so report. Yet
after that, he came back at the next session
and prosecuted the case over again, and in spite
of the Committee ofElections the House gave
him $3,000 more. Does anybody doubt that
he followed that contest as a business?
Mr. VAN THUMP. How long ago was this?
Mr. DAWKS. About eight or ten years
ago; I do not know exactly. These are but
instances. Ex unu clisce omnes. It is urged
as an objection to this bill that although a man
may hold the certificate of the Governor his
opponent may file a notice of contest against,
him for the purpose of keeping him out of his
pay, and that the decision of the case may be
delayed till the end of the Congress. There
can be no such thing as that, because we pro-
pose to require the contestant to perfect his
proof in ninety days before Congress meets,
and if he does not produce evidence to support
his contest the committee have power to put
an end to the case instantly. The difficulty
heretofore has been that men have contested
seats in this House with the certainty that,
whatever the result might be, they would be
paid liberally for their time and expenses, and
that is the evil which this bill is designed to cure.
I want to allude for a moment to the very
remarkable position, as I thought, taken by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] a mem-
ber of the Committee of Elections, and for
whose opinion as a lawyer I have the greatest
respect. He told us that it was impossible to
regulate by law the amount of pay that a con-
testant should receive, because the House of
Representatives, under the Constitution, has
entire control over the whole matter, and can
disregard any law that may be passed on that
subject,; inasmuch as the Constitution of the
United States makes each House the sole judge
of the election, qualifications, and returns of
its own members.
^ Why, sir, you cannot get a dollar out of the
Treasury for any purpose except by law ; the
Constitution requires that. And you cannot get
money out of the Treasury to pay these con-
testants except, by a law ; and, therefore, you
can annex just such conditions to your law as
you please. The compensation of men entitled
to scats in this House can be regulated only by
law, not by a resolution of the House; and it
would be very strange if, while a law was re-
quired to regulate the compensation of those
entitled to seats, a law was unnecessary to regu-
late that which should be paid to those who are
not entitled to seats. Therefore, whileyou can-
not take a dollar out of the Treasury for any
purpose without a law, while you cannot regu-
late the compensation of those entitled to seats
without a law, I do not see how my friend can
escape from what, he will permit me to say,
seems to be the absurdity of the conclusion
that you can provide by a simple resolution of
the House what shall be given to a man not,
entitled at all to a seat.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask a question in regard to the
effect of this bill?
Mr. DAWES. Let me complete the idea I
am now elaborating. Each House is made the
sole judge of the election, qualifications, and
returns of its own members. But neither House
can prescribe the returns ; tbe returns must
be fixed by law. The House can judge whether
a man claiming a seat comes withiu the legal
and statute requirements of a return ; whether
he comes up to the constitutional and statute
requirements of a qualification, or whether he
comes up to the requirements of the statutes
of the State or of the United States, as to what
shall constitute an election. Each House is the
sole judge of that; but it has not the power to
prescribe what shall be the qualifications, what
shall be a sufficient return, or whether it shall
be an election by a majoity or by a plurality.
That seems to me to entirely answer the objec-
tion of my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Kerh.]
I have no special desire in regard to the sec-
tion of this bill which imposes what seems to
some to be a hardship upon the man who has
the certificate of his right to a seat. It does
not seem to me to be a hardship to any very
great extent, because it is in the power of the
Committee ofElections to put their hand upon
any malicious attempt to delay the declaration
of a man's right to his seat merely for the sake
of keeping him out of his pay. No other way
has occurred to me by which you can insure
the principle that you will not compensate the
man who fails to establish his right to the seat
beyond his actual expenses iu prosecuting his
contest.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I do not wish to be
understood as being opposed to this bill, for I
am in favor of it. But there is an uncertainty
about it in respect to the construction of the
second section. According to my view it is
very doubtful whether the sitting member, if
he shall succeed in establishing his claim to a
seat, would be entitled to any allowance for
expenses uuder that second section, but only
tlie_ person who fails in the contest shall be
entitled to allowance for expenses.
Mr. DAWES. That has always been the
practice heretofore, to let ihe salary of the sit-
ting member be considered as sufficient com-
pensation for him. We never, as near as I can
nowremember, havegivenaman whohasfinally
established his title to a seat anything for his
expenses.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Why should he be
under any disabilities beyond those to which
any other sitting member is liable? And why
should he not, be allowed his actual expenses ?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know but he should
be if this system is adopted. I only speak of
the practice heretofore. This bill has been
drawn with reference to the former practice.
There may, perhaps, be force in the suggestion
of the gentleman, and if you establish therule
proposed in this bill, perhaps the successful
party should also receive his actual expenses.
_ Mr. VAN TRUMP. I think that would be
right.
Air. DAWKS. That can be considered by
the House.
Mr. POTTER. As I understand, under this
bill the sitting member, if finally adjudged enti-
tled to the seat, receives the compensation of a
member—nothing more.
Mr. DAWES. Nothing more. That is tbe
present, practice.
Mr. POTTER. And he is not to receive it
until the final determination of the right to the
seat,.
Mr. DAWES. Under this bill if it should
finally appear that, a sitting member was not
entitled to the scat he would receive his actual
expenses. Theic is some weight in the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Van
Tftuxir] that if the sitting member should be
found entitled to the seat he should be allowed
in addition to his pay as a member the actual
expenses incurred by him in defending his right
tiO S0£lt
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I think that a sitting
member, as well as a bona Jidc contestant,
should be allowed his actual expenses.
Air. DAWES. I am inclined to think that
the gentleman is right; and if he will suggest
an amendment carrying out lus view I will vote
for it, although I have no control over the bill.
_ Now, Mr. Speaker, I beg the House to con-
sider whether something ought not to be done
to remedy the evils winch both sides of the
House must feel are involved in the present
system of contesting elections. There are con-
nected with the system evils which cannot be
cured by statutes. They lie deeper. They
inhere in tbe prejudices and passions of party,
so that when a man comes here as a partisan
be does not realize in deciding election cases
that he sits in this House as a judge. No man
proposes any remedy by statute for that evil.
But 1 have indicated ot,hei evils which consti-
tute a part of the present difficulty ; and if
there can be suggested any enactment which
will cure or assist in curing these, I hold that
this House ought to adopt such a measure.
Mr. BURlt obtained tbe tioor, and yielded
five minutes to Mr. Willard.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Air. Speaker, is the
previous question operating?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Air. VAN TllUMP. Then I would suggest
to the gentleman who offered the bill so to
amend it that both the sitting member and the
bona fuie, contestant may be entitled to their
actual expenses.
Air. C ULLOM. I wish to ask thegentleman
from Alassachusetts [Mr. Dawes] who has just
been addressing the House, whether, m his
judgment, it is competent for the House by
a mere resolution to pay contestants out of the
contingent fund of ihe House? While the
