1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5117
I will not say that this is a new difficulty;
I .do not know that it is j but whether it is a
new difficulty or not, it is one that ought to be
provided for. Any man applying for natural-
ization ought to have the power to take testi-
mony, and he ought to have process for wit-
nesses. It may turn out that when a man
applies for naturalization the only witness by
whom he can prove the necessary facts is his
enemy or a political opponent, and will not
voluntarily attend the court, and he should
have process to bring him; his right should
not be made to depend upon the willinguess
of witnesses voluntarily to go to the place.
Then again:
Tho notice of application provided for in section
two shall be produced to the court or commissioner
in each ease, and the court or commissioner shall
require satisfactory evidence that the applicant* is
the same person named in the notice.
He must prove his identity so far as the
notice is concerned. That requires him to
bring a witness from his neighborhood, unless
he goes and draws up the notice in the pres-
ence of the commissioner of the court.
The names of the witnesses in eacli ease shall bo
indorsed by theclerk or commissioner upon the notice,
which shall be preserved by tbe clerk or commis-
sioner, and copies furnished whenever required.
I do not know how technical the construc-
tion of this law might be; but J presume it
would be good ground for a motion to quash
if the names should not be indorsed, as it used
to be a good ground to quash an indictment if
the names of the witnesses before the grand
jury were not indorsed on the back of the in-
dictment. We want no such technical obstruc-
tions as this in the way of naturalization.
And the certificate of naturalization in each ease
shall set forth the date and plaoe of the declaration
of intention, tho names of the persons, &c.
And a record bhall be kept by &aul courts of all
proceedings had before them relating to eases of
naturalization; and the commissioner;: shall, respect-
ively, make a record of all such proceeding had be-
fore them, and return the same within ten dajs after
their final determination, duly authenticated, to tho
district court of their respective districts, then to be-
come and remain a part of the records of such court.
Then here is another provision, that the
certificate of naturalization, after it has been
granted, shall not be operative for six months
thereafter:
But the adjudication admitting any alien to the
rights of citizenship shall be made and entered on
record, and the certificate of naturalization founded
thereon shall have been issued tor six months before
such adjudication or certificate shall be effective.
Then I come to other" provisions. I have
not time to go over them all, but I come to one
now which provides that 44 in any city whose
population exceeds one hundred thousand " the
certificates of naturalization issued since the
4th of July, 1868—just two years ago—u shall
not be evidence of naturalization unless pre-
sented by the person named therein to the said
court or commissioner of the district where
the said person therein named resides." He
has got to pass through the process of going
before the court again, and being subject to
an examination, to show that he has not been
guilty of a fraud. He must go before the court
himself and prove himself innocent, or else
his certificate of naturalization, two years old,
shall be held to be fraudulent and void. The
innocent are to suffer alike with the guilty.
Mr. President, that would be a great hard-
ship. It would be what is called an ex post
facto law. I should doubt its constitutionality
very much, but certainly nobody can doubt the
hardship or the injustice of it. He goes before
a register in bankruptcy and there he is to be
cross-examined, and if he satisfies the register
that he is all right the register is to indorse
"approved" upon the back of his certificate:
And { ny certificate of naturalization issued since
the 4th of July, 1808, and prior to the passage of this
act. may be presented by the person named therein
to the said court or commissioner of the district m
which he resides; and the said court or commissioner
shall on examination of the person named in said
certificate, or on other evidence, adjudge and de-
termine whether the said certificate is genuine and
obtained without fraud.
The ordinary presumption of law, that a
paper is honest and genuine until the contrary
is shown, is here reversed, and the presump-
tion is to be that it is fraudulent until the con-
trary is shown. .
Thousands of honest men who hold these
certificates would not subject themselves to this
ordeal. A knave might; but a inau who has
onee_ been honestly naturalized, and who is
required to go before a court the second time
,and purge himself, might say, "This is oppress-
ive. I will not submit to it 5 I choose to go
without my vote." Would it not create preju-
dice? Mr. President, i sayit from the strong-
est conviction, that in my judgment if this bill
was passed in its present form it would become
as odious as the alien and sedition law:
And any certificate hereafter issued or hereafter
ind >rscd "approved," urnler the previsions of this
act, shall beconelusivc evidence oi the naturaliza-
tion of the person named therein, ,tc.
And further:
That any certificate issued since July 4,1868, and
prior to the date hereof, and which shall not have
been presented and indorsed " approved " as afore-
said, shall be open to inquiry as to its validity when
presented to be used at any election or otherwise—
It is to raise no presumption—
and if the judges, inspectors of elections, or other
tribunal before which the said certificate may be
presented, shall be satisfied by the examination of
tbe person named in said certificate, or by other evi-
dence, that the person named in said certificate has
not resided in the United States for five years prior
to tho date of said eeriifioaie, or that the same was
obtained by fraud, or unlawfully, or is counterfeit,
then the said certificate shall bo rejected.
Here the certificate of naturalization bearing
ihe seal of a court is to be tried by the elec-
tion board; and if that board is unfavorablcto
him, composed, perhaps, of ignorant partisans
or prejudiced men, the election board that have
only got five minutes or three minutes to pass
upon it may hold that it was unfairly obtained
and deprive that man of his right to vote.
Who ever heard of such a power before being
given lo an election board?
Mr. President, time is passing, and I cannot
dwell upon all these things; but when you come
to the compensation—that was remarked upon
by the Senator from Ohio—when the applicant
files his notice with the clerk of the court or
the register in bankruptcy he pays fifty cents:
when it is adjudicated lie pays $1 50. For his
certificate he pays fifty cents more. If any-
body appears on the other side, and evidence
is to be taken in tho case, and the case is con-
tinued. there is six dollars a day. If the regis-
ter in bankruptcy simply gets his $2 50 in each
case that does not pay him. It is his interest
to make a litigated case out of every applica
tion, and to have it continued and have evi-
dence taken, for then he gels .six dollars a day
iu each case; and if he can only have a dozen
cases on hand at the same time, that will make
a dozen^ limes six dollars for each day. I can-
not conceive of anything susceptible of greater
abuse than this; and 1 protest against it.
Mr. President, as I stated before, this bill
takes the jurisdiction from the State courts
and gives it to the circuit and district courts
of tbe United States and to these registers in
bankruptcy. I take it that nearly all the ap-
plications will be made before the registers in
bankruptcy. Assuming that the amendment
which has been offered, requiring these regis-
ters in bankruptcy to go into each county once
a year, will be adopted, I now desire to pre
sent the question fairly to the Senate, whether
there is not a greater security against fraud in
the courts of the States than there would be
before these registers in bankruptcy.
Sir, to allow one of these registers in bank-
ruptcy by himself, without a clerk, without the
presence of parties except those who are in-
terested, himself acting as court, as clerk, as
sheriff, and everything else, perhaps in tho
third story of his house, or in his private office,
I insist opens the greatest avenue to fraud
that is to lie found iu any law.
I would rather have the security of having
I the application for naturalization to be made
l-*n a State court, where there are always parties
around; where the proceeding is necessarily
public, and there is publicity; where there is a
clerk to notice, a sheriff to notice, and gener-
ally jurors about, and an intelligent bar a^out;
and where, if a fraud is perpetrated,, there is
somebody to look upon it.. That is a security
against fraud that is not furnished by having
this proceeding before a register in bankruptcy,
who has his office away up stairs, where nobody
knows, except he inquires, and where perhaps
there is nobody present except those who are
interested, or where those who desire to oppose
such applications can go to confront and brow-
beat the applicants. I should regard that as
the very worst form of tribunal that could be
organized for this purpose.
1 prefer to leave this power where it is now,
with the State courts. There are some abuses
in the large cities; but I submit to Senators
would there not be a far greater abuse upon
the other side? Is not the proposed remedy
far worse than tho evil that is to be eradicated?
Sir, there is no security before these registers
in bankruptcy. I would rather trust the low-
est court in a State.
Why, sir, a register in bankruptcy is not a
court. You cannot give him the dignity of a
court. You cannot give him the ambition of
a judge. He has no future before him, so far
as that is concerned. Y'ou make this proceeding
as complicated as a proceeding in chancery;
but still the register is nota judge. You can-
not give him the dignity, you cannot give him
the ambition, you cannot, give him the pride
thata judge has. ordinarily, to do right. These
men aie irresponsible, so far as this is con-
cerned. There is 110 method of reaching them.
1 repeat, Mr. President, I would rather trust
the State courts. I know it is said that the
State courts in the city of New York are cor-
rupt; and I think that is true. I think there
have been great frauds committed there. But,
sir, ordinarily the State courts are honest and
fair. They are just as honest and fair in the
State of Indiana as are the Federal courts; and
so they are generally throughout the whole
country; and generally as intelligent and as
able.
Then, Mr. President, looking at this bill,
to sum it all' up, it inay be expressed in
one phrase: an obstruction to naturalization.
Why, sir, a man cannot be naturalized under
it, ordinarily, under fifty dollars. Perhaps it
will cost $100 or $200. He must consult a
lawyer. A lawyer must do the business. There
are twenty-five or fifty dollars to begin with.
Y'ou put it in the power of A, B, O, and D,
every ward politician, every hanger-on, every
political vagabond, to go and contest the nat-
uialization, and continue it, onhis application,
from day to day ; and the lawyer must be paid
from day to day; and so the naturalization
becomes so costly that many thousands, and
perhaps hundreds of thousands, of these men
would not undertake it. That word goes back
to Europe, and it has the effect to prevent
thousands of men from coming to this country
who otherwise would come and become citi-
zens of the United States.
Sir, I hope that this bill will not be passed
in its present form. I am willing to pass the
House bill, to provide for punishing severely
tho forgery of naturalization papers, to punish
any officer who improperly issues them, any-
body who knowingly has possession of fraud-
ulent naturalization papers, any of the thou-
sand offenses that are committed against the
naturalization laws. 1 am willing to do that,
as the House have done ; but I am not wiliiug
to go beyond that, and to create actual obstruc-
tions and difficulties in the way Denaturalization.
So far from this being a party measure, I
know of nothing that would operate so unfor-
tunately, so deleterionsly to the Hepublicati
party as the passage of this measure. There-
fore, I trust we shall not go beyond the House
bill, unless it may be that some provisions
improving it in the same direction can be
suggested.
