1342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Naturalization in the city of New York, and
in the county of Orange, and in every county
in the State, is conducted in courts of record,
having a seal and a clerk, and having common-
law jurisdiction. All the courts in the State
of New York, having a seal and a clerk and
common-law jurisdiction, naturalize foreigners
Sometimes there are preliminary examinations
of parties seeking naturalization. The party
applying for his papers and his witnesses sub-
scribe to an affidavit. It is done sometimes
in a room in the court-house, and not in the
room where the court is sitting, and in those
instauces no judges are required to be present.
The parties are brought into court, their names
are called by the clerk of the court, their affi-
davits are read to them, and then they are
granted certificates of naturalization by such
courts.
The majority of the committee have referred
to the courts that were held in Goshen and
Newburg, and to the proceedings in the city
of New York in relation to naturalization.
Now, I would ask them if they can, in candor,
say that there was any unfairness in the conduct
of the courts at Goshen and Newburg, when
they compare that conduct with the conduct of
the officials in the county of Dutchess, the
court which was pretended to be held in the
city of Poughkeepsie, at which no judge pre-
sided, and of which there was no term ? It is
true that persons from Newburg obtained
papers in Poughkeepsie, but they were in the
interest of the contestant.
Not only did they attempt to get naturalized
citizens to exercise their influence in favor of
the contestant, but they entered the holy pre-
cincts of the church. The contestant in this
case, Mr. Van Wyck, went further than any-
thing shown in connection with Judge Greene.
He attempted to get, and did get Bather
Briady, a priest of the Catholic church, to
write a letter, which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as foliowb :
St. Pateick's Church,
Nbwbubg,Nkw York, October 31,1868.
Deab Sib : I intended to wait on you on last Fri-
day. relative to doing all you can for Hon. Charles
Van Wyck, esq., member of Congress, butunforesecn
circumstances prevented me doing myself the pleas-
arc of seeing once more your family that I hold in
sach great esteem.
Now I want you to do all you can for Van "Wyck.
IIo has been a groat friend of mine, lie has got
Governor Fbkton to pardon a poor man of my con-
gregation who is now in State prison. He will be
released immediately after election. Ihaveiheletter
in my possession. He would be released right off, but
it would be used politically against him now. He has
very much interested himself when I was in Wash-
ington las tw inter in behalf of the Irish at homeand
abroad. Ho is a great friend to our people here.
Political dupes belie him. He is really a good man
and a true friend. George W. Greene is quite the
reverso._ He has been aKnow-No thing, and is as bad
to-day, in my opinion, if he had a chance. He is very
anti-Catholic, anti-Irish. Nine years ago he pre-
vented me getting the school appropriation for Port
Jervis school. He was then Bchool commissioner.
He has endeavored to injure my reputation a few
weeks ago by circulating that I have attended a Re-
publican convention. lie might as well accuse the
child unborn. He knew I was opposed to him. Daniel
B.St. John and he went to the archbishop to com-
plain of me that I was interfering in politics, lie
dreaded me, and justly. His mission was fruitless.
If you do all in your power for Van Wyck I will
be ever grateful. Toll the boys.
Destroy this letter as soon as you read it. but use
it contents.
I will go up in a few days with Father ITilor to see
you alt. Please remember me to Mrs. Goughlin and
the^children.
Very respectfully, yours,
EDWARD 8. BRIADY.
Thoxas Codqhlin, esq.,
Narrowburo, Sullivan county. New York.
P. S.—Be sure and destroy this letter for cath-
olicity sake. E. S. B.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. This is a little portion
of the grist which the Republicans attempted
to grind out. Now, it is not to be presumed
that all the persons who were naturalized in
the fall of 1868 voted the Democratic ticket,
and there are various officers in our State who
have received their rewards from the Adminis-
tration in theinterestof Mr. Van Wyck; Colonel ;
Farrell, of Governor Fenton's staff; Patrick |i
H. Jones, clerk of the court of appeals of ll
the State of New York, now postmaster of the
city of New York ; Michael Scaulan, editor of
the Irish People, now an assessor under Geu-
eral Grant; Judge Corbett, of Syracuse; Major
Haggerty, late consul under this Administra-
tion to Glasgow, and other parties interested
in obtaining the Irish vote, if possible, for the
Republican party. And there are Germans
who have received their rewards—General
Sigel, Max Weber,and others—for endeavoring
to get German votes and the votes of other
adopted citizens for the Republican party.
Now, it is unfair to the sitting member to
say that at least a majority of the persons who
were naturalized in Orange county, or iu any
other place, during the fall of 1808, voted the
Democratic ticket. It is not the proof; there
is no evidence to show that such is the fact.
On the contrary, it is well known, and it is
due to history to so state, that when Governor
Fenton was elected in 1866, and when Mr.
Van Wyck was clected in 18GG, it was done
mostly by Irish and German votes, of persons
who had been persuaded to leave the Demo-
cratic party then by the Fenian organization
which had sprung up in the State of New
York at that time. And we find that the per-
sons naturalized that fall in Orange county
came there from adjoining counties, in which
no county courts were held in the month of
October.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Dox] for five
minutes.
Mr. DOX. Mr. Speaker, as one of the
Committee of Elections who approved the
conclusion of the report submitted by the
minority in this case, it was my purpose to I
give at some length the reasons which led me 1
to give that approval; but iu what I propose
to say I have been so fully anticipated by the
very able manner in which this subject has
been discussed by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Burr] that I cannot ask the forbearance
of the House to indulge ue in a repetition of
what has been so admirably presented by the
argument of that gentleman.
Not having been a member of the Committee
of Elections until after this case had been re-
ferred to the member from Tennessee [Mr.
Butler] as a sub-committee, nor, indeed, un-
til in that capacity he had submitted to the
Committee of Elections his report, which,
except as modified iu a few of its features,
was adopted as the report to be made to the
House by the majority of the committee, my
knowledge of this case is the result of such
examination of it as I have been able to give
since the adoption of that report as the judg-
ment of a majority of the committee. That
examination was, as far as 1 had time to make
it, thorough and impartial. It satisfied me of
two things: first, that no claim to a seat here
could be more unfounded than that of the con-
testant, Charles H. Van Wyck, and secondly,
that if a majority of this House should by their
votes unseat George W. Greene after hearing
the testimony here presented, then, indeed,
any investigation of the remaining twenty or
more contested-election cases before the Com-
mittee of Elections will be a most superfluous
labor.
The majority of this Houae never had and
never can have presented for their disposal a
case more clearly sustaining the title of a mem-
ber to his place than has been shown for Mr.
Greene; nor can they, in my opinion, ever
have presented to them a more unfounded and
spurious pretension to a seat on this floor than
that exhibited by the contestant. Charles H.
Van Wyck. Against the certificates of State
canvassers, of county canvassers, of the town
and precinct election officers, all sworn faith-
fully to perform their official duties, and many
of them of his own political party, and against
a clear and emphatic majority of more than
300, in no way successfully impeached, does
this contestant have the assurance to presume
that the integrity and good sense of this House
are of such light and flimsy material that it can
be induced to recognize his claim?
If this contestant shall prove not to be mis-
taken in this calculation, then have I misjudged
the character of members. And as for my duties
hereafter to be performed, as a member of the
Committee of Elections, no matter how con-
scientiously I shall perform them, I will cer-
tainly begin and continue that performance of
duty with but little hope of being sustained by
the majority on this iloor, unless it should so
happen that the conclusions of my investiga-
tions, no matter how fortified by competent
proofs of regularity and by decisive majorities
of lawful constituencies, shall at the same
time be likely to strengthen the power of those
who on the roll of members already exhibit
such preponderance of numbers. I need not
refer to the testimony presented by the ca3e.
.That has already been faithfully and forcibly
collated by my colleague of the committee,
[Mr. Bcrk.] All who gave attention to that
analysis must be convinced of its fidelity and
completeness. Those who did not hear it, or
hearing it have determined to disregard it,
may perhaps succeed in placing upon the rec-
ords of the House that Van Wyck was and
that George W. Greene was not the free choice
of the people of the eleventh congressional
district of New York as a member of the
House of Representatives. But none others
than such as these can so determine ; and if,
as the result of inattention to the case pre-
sented here; if from indifference to the rights
of constituencies, members enough will be
found who are prepared to eject a fairly chosen
Representative of the people from his seat on
this floor, then have we in the past history of
similar wrongs upon the rights of the people
more than one illustration to assure us that, as
in those cases, so will it be in this, and that a
free people will know how best to avenge the
wrong unwarrantably committed against the
most cherished privilege and the noblest pre-
rogative of freemen.
I have thus, in a deliberate form, expressed
the convictions of my mind in this case, and
my judgment of its merits. Others may dis-
sent from the result which I have reached. To
no one will I concede greater impartiality of
examination or a more conscientious judg-
ment in reaching his conclusion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air. RANDALL. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Slocum] for five
minutes.
Mr. SLOCUM. Mr. Speaker, I have no
intention of discussing in detail the evidence
in this case which has been presented to the
House; this can be done more intelligently by
members of the committee, who must neces-
sarily have devoted more time and study to
it than can be expected from other members
of the House. I have, however, read the evi-
dence with some care, and am acquainted with
the political history of the district, and there-
fore claim the indulgence of the House for the
brief time allotted me.
Over one hundred witnesses were examined
on behalf of the contestant and about the same
number on behalf of the sitting member. Very
few of the witnesses were questioned as to the
candidate for whom they voted, the contestant
seeking only to prove that fraudulent natural-
ization papers had been issued, and assuming
that this body would take it for granted, with-
out any direct proof on the subject, that all
these votes were cast for his opponent. That
some illegal votes were polled in this district
at the election in question is very probable, but
that all votes of this character were polled for
any particular candidate is very improbable.
That this House will assume such to have been
the case without positive proof of the fact, I
cannot believe. I have no doubt but that more
or less illegal votes are polled in every con-
gressional district in New York at every elec-
tion. I regret that it is so, and will at all times
