328
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL &LGBE.
[Marcli 26,
Ho. OF KE3?S.
The Tariff—Mr. Hay.
41-st Con**.... 2b
The amount of indebtedness secured by
Kioi'tgjigQ in 1868 was $42?552,321* '3ki 1S&9
the amount thus Secured-was $§8,870,100,
an increase in one year of over $16,000,000.
i ask attention' to the following facts and
figures, taken from this document, with the
comments thereon of-Jan able'writer, showing
that there has been a great diminution in pro-
duction:
"The product of butter was 38,440,498 pounds in
1860, from whence itdeeiined to 31,121,275 in 1S8S, and
but little more in 1864, advancing since the war ended
to 37,005,378, but not yof,-returning to the product of
1860. The product of cheese was 24,816,420 pounds
in 1860, whence it steadily declined to 16,947,905 in
1865, and in 1868 was only 17,814.599. These figures,
as well as all the totals of.crops during tho war, show
clearly that there has been ,a great diminution in
production, notwithstanding tho stimulus imparted
to industry by the high prices.
" Maple sugar dcclineu fromS,234,18lDounds in 1862
to 3,570,932 pounds in 1868.
" Marriages, which were 23,100 in I860, declined to
19,300 in 1863, rose to 30,409 in lb6G, and settled down
to 23.910 in 1809.
"Tho valuation of personal property, which, as has
been stated, in ado every year, stood in 1867 at
&i64,701T02J. To keep paoo with tho growth of popu-
lation it should have accuuiulatcd in tho two years
following t<> 8487,000,000; instead of which it receded
to $459,762,252:.
"One item of the loss was in legal tenders and
other moneys not taxable, the returns of which fell
off from $21.907,795 in 1868 to 614.827,840 in 1809, show-
ing a loss ot more than §7,000,000 during 12 months in
tho important, icoiu ol ready money.
'4 And if, as a forced result of war and tariffs, tho
stock of sheep increased during: several years at an
average ratio of 20por cent, that ratio was about two
yours ago exactly rov ersed, and since then shoop have
dimini&hod in numbers 20 per cent yearly.
"Finally, pauperism has increased in Ohio during
the year latest reported at the rate of 12 per cent., or
iivo times faster than population increased.
"All tho above facta will bo found in the statistical
report ol the Secretary of {State of Ohio for the year
l80i)  tho data having boon collected chieiiy in tho
month of April of that year. Lot him who doubts
consult tho document and son,roll it, if ho will, for
anything to compensate lor or deduct irom tho iorco
mid ciFout of tho Words and figures above written.
Tho facts bear dato before tho late fall in grain, and
before any one had seriously bctfiro to croak about
'hftid tinu^.'" * «**(•••■«■*
"Ohio is growing poorer, and every northern State
is growing poorer. That is whatthe.se figures mean;
that is what workin^mon's strikes moan."
Going next to the other extreme of the coun-
try, I would aak attention to the following testi-
mony, given before tho congressional Commit-
tee on Ship-Building at one of their sessions,
held during tho past season, by Mr. Hickborn,
a well-known ship builder of Maine:
" Question, What is tho condition of ship-building
in tho provinces?
'MttvM.Tr. It is a #ood deal dcprcssod. Tho war
disturbed tho exchanges of tho world, aud it has sul-
lered from this cause; hut thoy are building a good
many ships.
"* {hiestwn. Havo thoy built any iron vessels there?
" Answer. jSro, «jr.
" tym-stion. What is tho present condition of ahip-
Inuldmy in MainoV
>k Antwer. I should think about three fifths of our
ordinary capacity. Wo havo to build even at a loss,
ftiiips arc being built thcro now that will not bring
more than BO per cont. of their cost; but wo havo to
keep up our yards.
"Question. "What ure the wages you aro paying?
Answer, lfrom £2 to $2 50.
" Question. Then, inconsequence of thk depression,
wage3 aro as low as they woro previous to tho war ?
Amnoer. Yes; and wo havo two applications for
work whero we have employment for one.
Question. What are machinists' wages?
Annocr. From $3 50 to 84.
'(Juration. Can you build tho ship as cheap now
for currency as you did bofore tho war for gold ?
A/twcr Yes; lam paying now S2 50 for thosamo
Ifchor that I formerly pant $3 50 for.
' Mr. Hotchkiss said that ho thought tho speaker
was mistaken about tho pricoof machinists'labor,
tie knew or largo establishments whero mon working
ut building engines were only paid $2 por day."
Crossing oyer into Vermont, Mr. J. W. Col-
barn, of Springfield, in that State, writes as
follows :
8iuco XSoO taxes havotrobled. Wool is our st-aplo
;a ucio. At does not over halt pay tho cost of produc-
tion. Aui a farmer in this section can possibly real-
ize L rtr ccnt. per annum on his investment. Hiirh-
pncoci labor and high taxes aredoprerehig the former,
ilie Uiui Ml lore ifc-n wool is not half high enough. J.
havo boon a. iaruinr f.hiou;;h a long life; tho last
tour years have fceon tho hardest t have oyer expe-
rienced." "
I also call attention to the following news-
paper items,, stowing th-e condition of the
laboring class employed in some of the largest
manufactories in Now-England:
"About 75 of tho spinners omployei} at Messrs.
Weedon & Taft's -woolen mill at Olnoyvillo, Rhodo
Island, Tent on a strike on Thursday last, on account
of a reduction of their wages of 10 per cent. The
operatives in tho Wausl.uk mill are also on a
strike.
"Tho Norway Plains Manufacturing Company,
Neve Hampshire, reduced the wages ef operatives 12
per cent, on Saturday last.
"The strike at Dover, New Hampshire, is at last
ended, and work lists been resumed in all the Co-
eheco mills. Tho Dover Inquirer says that most of
tho oporativos who joined in tho strike havo again
Bono to work, including many or most of thoso prom-
inent in tho strike."
And in order to prove how widespread and
general this is over our country, I ask atten-
tion to the following extract taken from an
article that appeared a few weeks since in the
St. Louis Democrat:
"Industry CriripUd.—1 Thirty thousand pcoplo out
of work at Chicago,' says ono dispatch. 'Largo
establishments whoso employes are numbered by
tons of thousands have almost entirely oeased man-
ufacturing,' says a New York paper. '.L'lio samo
papcradds thatthousands of carpenters, bricklayers,
and others'aro obliged to leave tho city for want of
work. Tho World publishes a Jon* review of tho
condition of tho working classes in that city, show-
ing that many thousands of persons havo boon dis-
charged from employment; that tho numberseckinp:
work or asking relief from charitable institutions is
larcer than ovor for many years; that 'great num-
bors of idles mon aro to bo soon standing on tho cor-
ners, and thoro is an unusual number of beggars to
bo seen 011 tlio streets.' The Workin.woman's Asso-
ciation roports Unit it ha-' now applioatioii.! from a
groat number of tho most rcspectublo women, who
can do tho vory best work, and that thcro 13 hardly
any work bent/; dono in tho city."
Mr. Chairman, having shown tiie condition
of the country under our present tariff to bo
anything but flattering, I shall indicate some
staple articles of general consumption which
I think ought to be placed on the free list.
Thiamin the. first place, can-be dono without
impairing the revenue to any considerable ex-
tent, and will, I am sure, in the next place, if
done, result in far more benefit to the mass of
the people as consumers than the placing on
tho free list of such articles as rotten-stone,
cuttle-fish bone, mix vomica, beeswax, fish-
baiijbrokonglass, turtles, shrimps, belladonna,
Spanish flics, alkekengi, rose leaves, skeletons,
and catgut. Sir, if I can get the committee to
accept my suggestions tho proposed free list
will in some measure he redeemed from the
faree and burlesques it is.
Mr. Chairman, saH is an essential article,
entering into Jho daily food of every mani
woman, and child iu the land, and the question
as to whether any tax should bo imposed on
tho consumers of it is of great importance. I
need not speak of its valuo as a fertilizer of
the soil, its uso for stock, and the importance
of its cheapness to tho West in its use by our
large porli and beef packing interests. By all
well-informed persons the tariff duty on salt is
believed to bo a tax wrung from tho people for
the purpose (if largely increasing the profits ot'
one or two salt-manufacturing companies ill
this country. And the Onondaga company,
engaged in the manufacturing of this article in
the State of New York has in a few years
made an immense fortune, and bccoroe one
of tho most odious of all tho many odious
bouuty-fedmonopolies which our high protect-
ive tariff system has for tho last seven or eight
years so materially and effectually fostered.
It has been publicly affirmed, and so far as
I have been able to learn not denied, that this
company sent out a printed circular last year
into Canada proposing therein to sell and de-
liver salt at all tho stations along the Grand
Trunk railway in Canada at $1 50, on tho
average, per barrel of five bushels, while their
neighbors in Syracuse could not buy the same
salt for less than ?2 85 per barrel. In view
of this I would ask, iu all frankness, ought
not the already -sufficiently tax- ridden people
of this country to-be relieved from paying the
enormous duty of from 100 to 150 per cent. 011
this necessary of life for the benefit of this
company? No wonder that jn seven short
years the wealth of this company, according
to the sworn statement of their treasurer, has
increased from $100,000 to the enormous sum
of §4,500,000.
It will probably be said, and repeated time
and again, that it is utterly impossible to make
salt in this country without these duties on the
foreign article entering our ports. Is this true?
It has been publicly asserted, and I have seen
no denial, that this Onondaga Salt Company
offered to deliver salt to the Massachusetts
fishermen along the coast, who are allowed by
act of Congress to have free of duty salt used
in curing their fish, for the same price foreign
salt could be bought; and they did sell and
deliver to the Massachusetts fishermen salt for
from 18 to 21 cents cheaper than it could be
bought anywhere else in the country. Eight
here I wish to ask why the Massachusetts fish-
ermen have been exempted from the payment
of this salt duty, and our western pork, beef,
and provision packers have not? It seems to
me that the ono interest is no more important
than the other.
Professor Perry, of Boston, says that Dun-
can Stewart,, the principal owner of the great
salt manufactories of Michigan, declared lie
wanted 110 duty on salt; that he could make
salt without any duty ; and that if the Onon-
daga monopoly could be broken up I10 would
furnish salt to the people of the United States
for a fair rate. In the very able and valuable re-
port of Hon. David A. Wells, Special Commis-
sioner of tho Revenue, there is an extract
from a letter addressed to him by this Mr. Dim
can Stuart, the president of a Saginaw (Mich-
igan) Salt Company, iti a part of which he says
the "present high tariff should be cut down
one half, it being simply an outrage on the best
interests of the country."
The amount of revenue received by the Gov-
ernment from the importation of salt during
the last fiscal year was $1,170,000. The con-
sumption of salt may be fairly estimated at
one bushel per head of tho population of tho
country, or 10,000,000 bushels. In 1SG0 the
avcrago price of salt was from 18 to 2:5 cents
poi- bushel. At the present time the average
price of salt runs from <10 to 45 cents per
bushel, the Cincinnati market being taken as
the standard. It, is therefore evident that some
cause has come in to enhance the price of salt
to the consumer 111 18G9, as compared with
1800, to tho extent of at least 15 cents per
bushel,which multiplied into 40,000,000 bushels
gives a product of $0,000,000. Now, allow-
ing that one half of this increase has been due
to an advance in the duties of 100 per cent,
during this same time, the people of the Uni-
ted States are taxed every year to the extent
of 7 J cents per bushel in the annual consump-
tion, or tho sum of §3,000,000. To be sure
of not exaggerating this tax, 1 have fixed 7}
cents; it is really, in my opinion, nearer K
cents 011 every bushel of salt used.
Now, here is an onerous tax, yielding com
paratively not much revenue to the Govern-
ment, that the people havo to pay 011 an artich;
of universal consumption, which can be manu-
factured here profitably without a protective
duty, and that is actually sold and delivered
in Canada and to the Massachusetts fishermen
as cheap, if not cheaper, than foreign manu-
facturers can. Why, then, should this tax not
be taken from the shoulders of the people?
As the honorable gentleman from New York,
of tho Onondaga district, in his speech in favor
of the pending tariff bill has seen fit to say that
since the present high duties were levied 011
salt it has been and now is cheaper than either
foreign ot* dom estic salt was from 13ot> to 1860,
