30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
a peculiar and local nature, belonging exclu-
sively to those settlers; and I do not see why
the Senate of the United States should call
upon the Executive for any information upmi
the subject at the present time, and I hardly
think it is worth while-
Mr. RAMSEY. It is rather surprising that
a mere resolution of inquiry, which ordinarily
passes as a matter of course, should provoke
so much opposition from the Senator from
Michigan, especially when he says that in his
opinion there is nothing in the possession of
the Executive to be communicated in answer
to the resolution. Doubtless his remarks have
excited in the minds of the Senate a desire to
learn something more on the subject, and per-
haps the information desired may be obtained
by the passage of this resolution. Whether
the affair of which he has spoken amounts to
nothing, or may grow into greatconsequences,
we cannot now say; but certainly it is a mat-
ter of some importance to us. The commu-
nity which I in part represent here has a very
considerable trade with the people of thfjt
country. They are in a state of discontent,
insubordination, and revolution. That con-
dition of affairs has been pending for some
time. It is said that there is some danger of
involving the Indians on both sides of the line
in this quarrel. We are deeply interested ; and
it is very important that we should know some-
thing aboutit. If there is any official inform-
ation in the possession of the Executive there
can be no harm in calling for it. It is what is
usually done when any affair of this kind
threatens to embroil or give trouble to any
portion of the people on our borders. Under
such circumstances it is usual to call for the
information that may be in the possession of
the Executive, and we get it if the giving of
it to us does not militate against the public
interests.
We have officials in that vicinity ; we have
a collector of the revenue and we have other
officers there, who have doubtless communi-
cated with the Government. There is no'doubt
that this Dr. MacDougall is encamped upon
our own soil and holding correspondence with
these people across the line. It is very im-
portant to us to know what this state of things
may probably lead to and what the real con-
dition of affairs there is. I am surprised that
(ho honorable Senator from Michigan should
have felt compelled to oppose this resolution,
which i3 simply one of inquiry.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Minnesota will remember that I took the
liberty of objecting to action on his resolution
when it was first introduced. I assigned a
specific reason for that, which was that the
President's message had not yet been received.
That having been received, the President of
the United States having made his statement
on our relations with England, I see no objec-
tion to this call for further information on the
specific matter to which it relates. I have no
means of knowing now precisely what the call
may bring forth; but I cannot doubt that it
will be something more or less interesting to
the Senate. I think, therefore, the resolution
had better be adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I certainly
did not rise for the purpose of making any spe-
cial opposition to the adoption of this resolu-
iimi, as the honorable Senator from Minnesota
i-eeins to have misunderstood me. The idea
which I sought to convey was not one of oppo-
sition to the call for information, but under
present circumstances I can see no good result
that is likely to flow from the passage of the
resolution. I think it would be better for all
parties concerned in this matter if the honor-
able Senator would withdraw his resolution for
the present. 1 do not see any good that can
come from it. My own opinion is that matters
are going on in the lied river country about
right, as near as I can learn, and that the less
we have to do with the subject the better it will
be for all parties.
Mr. RAMSEY. We want information, and
then we shall know how to act.
The VICE PRESIDEN 1'. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
iuguts 0i<' persons.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the
next resolution on the table to be the follow-
ing, submitted by Mr. .Stewart on-the 6th
instant:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
requested to inquire if any States are denying to any
class of persona within their jurisdiction the equal
protection of the law, in violation,of treaty obliga-
tions with foreign nations and of section one of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution; and if so,
what legislation is necessary to enforce such treaty
obligations and such amendment, and to report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. STEW ART. I hope that resolution will
be adopted.  
The resolution was agreed to.
clearing tiie floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the
next business in order to be the following
order submitted yesterday by Mr. Drake :
Ordered, That the Sergeant-at-Arms cause the
floor of the Senate to be cleared of all persons not
entitled to the privileges thereof ten minutes before
the hour fixed for the opening of each session of the
Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I do not sup-
pose it will be necessary to offer any remark
in explanation of that resolution unless its
propriety shall be objected to by some Senator.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to say a word upon
that resolution, which has an application to
Senators themselves that I think it ought not
to have. I know the time was when individ-
uals were introduced upon this floor, not
through the instrumentality of the Chair, but
by Senators themselves, in violation of the
rules which governed the body. I think if we
all of us would observe the rule which has
been laid down for our guidance there would
be uo necessity for that portion of the Senator's
order which applies to members of the Senate,
and no occasion for any part of it except that
which relates to clearing the floor of persons
not entitled to it.
Mr. DRAKE. There is nothing else in it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I understood that it referred
also to persons being on tRe floor during the
session of the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. No ; it is simply a direction
that the floor shall be cleared ten minutes
before the hour of meeting each day; that is
all.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not say five minutes?
Why ten minutes?
Mr. HAMLIN. Imisapprehended the order.
I thought that the latter part of it applied to
ourselves, and in my opinion we ought to
observe the rule which binds us without calling
upon the Chair to do what belongs to our-
selves.
The resolution was agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 19, noes 17.
IIO0SE BILLS REFERRED,
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the last day
of the first session of this Congress five bills
and joint resolutions came from the House of
Representatives, some of which were read once
and some read the first and second time, but
none were referred. They will now be referred
to the appropriate committees if there be no
objection, with the exception of the one ex-
cepted this morning by the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] in regard to the hours of
labor of Government laborers, which he has
given notice that he proposes to call up on
Friday, and except the one which was taken up
yesterday and left as unfinished business.
The titles of the bills alluded to were read;
and the bill (IT. R. No. 134) to establish a land
district in Wyoming Territory, and for other
purposes, was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands ; the bill (H. R. No. 419) allow-
ing parties in certain cases to testify was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary; and
the joint resolution (IT. R. No. 75) to facilitate
the construction of the court-house at Spring-
field, Illinois, was read the second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
message erom tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. M'cPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 77) disapproving of a contract for
leasing the custom-house block in San Fran-
cisco, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the resolution of the Senate for
the printing of additional copies of the report
of the Commissioner of Agriculture, with an
amendment, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following resolutions,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A concurrent resolution for printing thirty
thousand extra copies of the next report of
the Commissioner of Patents, of which seven-
teen thousand shall be for the use of the House,
eight thousand for the use of the Senate, and
five thousand for the Commissioner of Patents.
A concurrent resolution for printing five
thousand extra copies of the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office for
1868, with the connected map of the United
States, for the use of the Senate ; fifteen thou-
sand copies of the same for the use of the
House, and two thousand copies of the same
for distribution by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office.
enrolled dill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 273) for the relief of Rollin White;
and it was thereupon signed by the Vice Presi-
dent.
removal or disabilities.
Mr. STEWART. I move to call up, for refer-
ence, the joint resolution (S. R. No. 66) for the
relief of person engaged in the late rebellion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I think
the time has arrived for making the declara-
tion contained in this resolution. When the
fifteenth amendment shall have been ratified
universal manhood suffrage will have been
secured; but in the South there will be a few
persons who will be denied the right to hold
office.
In the first place there is no political advan-
tage in this exclusion from office. There will
be no persons excluded from voting. All per-
sons will vote in the South in the same man-
ner that they would if these disabilities were
removed ; so that so far as elections are con-
cerned, so far as the control of power is con-
cerned, this removal of disabilities will make
no difference. It does not increase the num-
ber of rebel voters 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada will suspend. The morninghour
having expired, the unfinished business of
yesterday is before the Senate. The unfinished
business pending at the adjournment yeste:
day was House bill No. 331, to relieve certain
persons from political disabilities, on which
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. McCreeiiy]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEWART. I hope I shall have two
minutes.
Mr. MeCREERY. I yield.
The VICE. PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada will proceed. Senatejoint reso-
lution No. 66 is pending.
Mr. STEWART. I say, then, so far as the
question of controlling elections is concerned
the persons disqualified from holding office will
