5118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
There are many other things that I should
like to say on this subject: but I have not the
time this afternoon, and I will not further
trespass upon the Senate.
Mr. HOWELL. Mr. President, I have not
paid very strict attention to the arguments in
reference to the bill now before the Senate, and
I do not intend to go into the particular pro-
"visions of the hill. As I understand the bill
before the Senate, it is in opposition, in utter
contravention of all ray ideas as to the proper
policy to be pursued in the matter ot natu-
ralization. I hold that it is the interest, ana
has been the true policy of this Government
for generations past, to encourage emigration
from foreign countries to this laud. Jh ath as
been the proclaimed purpose and design or our
country in all its forms of legislation, in news-
paper articles, and in stump oratory. Every-
where we have held forth the idea that this
was the asylum of the oppressed ; that here was
the place for the oppressed of foreign countries
to come to find a home and a competence and
all the blessings of republican institutions.
Having invited this foreign population to our
shores, when they come into our midst it is
the clearest dictate of policy, of reason, that
we should make them, at as early a period as
possible, citizens of the United States; that
we should give them all the rights and priv-
ileges of citizens of the UnM States; that
we should not impose burdens oi taxation and
disabilities upon them, and still exclude them
from the rights and privileges of citizenship.
Hence I say that everything .which tends to
obstruct the naturalization of foreigners in our
land, everything which puts up barriers against
naturalization which makes it difficult for men
to become naturalized in our country, is con-
trary to the policy of our institutions, contrary
to the views of our fathers, contrary to the
policy which we, seeking the development of
this land, seeking to invite population and to
invite capital from foreign shores, should
PTtlii'nk that this bill, which is provided more
for the city of New York and for the peculiar
circumstances surrounding this question in the
city of New York than for the general good ot
the country at large, ought not with its pres-
ent provisions to pass the Senate of the U inted
States. I said in regard to another matter
affecting and designed specially for the south-
ern States that laws passed for the peculiar
evils now existing in the southern States, which
are to be made universal and spread over this
country to affect all our citizens, ought to be
very carefully considered and very carefully
o-narded; and so this law, which is instigated
by the peculiar condition of things in New
York, ought not to pass to affect the whole
country and all the people of the United States,
and all the immigrants who shall arrive nere
from foreign countries to seek an asylum, to
seek homes here, bringing with them their
families, bringing with them their property
and their means, expressly to settle among
us and to become citizens with us. Let tbera
come; Mid when they come let us welcome
them, and give them the opportunity with
everv facility possible to become naturalized
citizens of the United Stales.
There is no reason oa the face ot the eartn
wliv we should not do this. What is the theoiy
of "the Government and what is the theory ot
the Republican party? That all men who are
under the Government should have a voice m
the Government, in the choice of its rulers, 111
making its laws, in executing those laws. W hen
men come here intending to reside here, to be-
come citizens here, to settle down here and
make their homes with us, where is the reason
or the propriety of excluding them from this
natural right to have a voice in the Govern-
ment which they are taxed under those cir-
cumstances to support, of which they are niem-
bers in every respect, and of which they should
become citizens with all the rights and privileges
pertaining to political affairs?
This question of naturalization is a broader
question than the mere question of an election
at the polls, and the difficulties, and the evils,
and the frauds that occur at the polls in such
places as New York. We cannot afford to
reorganize the whole system ot naturalization
merely on the idea that there arefrauds com-
mitted at elections in the city of New York,
whether they result from foreigners or from
the seething corruption which has grown and
bubbles and boils there after fifty years at
least of indulgence. I do not believe that this
bill for the obstruction of naturalization will
cure New York of the corruption which pre-
vails in its politics, or the corruption which
prevails in its busiuess circles, or the corrup-
tion which prevails in its dens of corruption
everywhere throughout that city. Why should
we undertake to legislate 011 the naturalization
laws in order to remedy or prevent those evils?
All that we need, so far as 1 understand the
matter and so far as my ideas and proclivities
ars concerned, is fairly and with the utmost
facility and in a less period of time than that
which we now require, to make foreigners who
immigrate to this country citizens of the United
States. That is my policy. That I believe to
be the rational and logical policy of the coun-
try from the principles which it avowed in the
beginning ill the organization of our Govern-
ment; and I believe it more in accordance with
the policy of the Republican party which now
proclaims universal suffrage to all who are
under the burdens of the Government of the
country.
It is for this reason that I have regretted
exceedingly the bringing of this bill into the
Senate, that the Democratic leaders here may
have an afternoon or more of speeches tending
to arouse the prejudices and passions^ of the
foreign population in our country against us,
attributing this bill to the Republican party.
Sir, 1 protest against the bill. 1 protest against
the policy and object and purpose of the bill.
So far as it tends to obstruct naturalization in
this country, so far as it places additional bur-
dens anil additional difficulties in the way of
naturalization, I protest against, it. 1 trust that
instead of this bill we shall adopt the House
bill or some hill which shall contain none of
the objectionable clauses which are found in
such great profusion in the bill which has been
before the Senate to-day.
As I have said, 1 shall not undertake to go
into the particulars ol this bill. I think they
have been dwelt upon sufficiently, although 1
have not given any very considerable attention
to the discussion. I hope and trust that the
Senate of the United States will not adopt the
policy or the provisions of this bill, which tend,
as I said before, to the obstruction of naturaliza-
tion, to the prevention of persons cQming to
this country to make their homes with us, be-
coming citizens with us, and having all the
rights and privileges belonging to American
citizens.
Mr. SCIIUKX. Mr. President, this bill has
been discussed so elaborately and so ablv that
but very little remains for me to say. I no not
look upon this measure as a party question at
all. Our Democratic friends in this Chamber
have assured us that they love the immigrant,
and 1 am very glad to know it. I am sure, also,
that the Republicans highly esteem those who
come from foreign countries to cast their lot
with the natives of this Republic. It' they did
not, I should not be here. So upon that point
I suppose we are all agreed.
Neither do I think that the honorable Sen-
ator from New York who has presented to the
Senate this substitute for the House bill is in
any way hostile to the foreign-born population.
On the contrary, 1 know that he is not. He
simply wants to remedy some crying evils m
New York. I believe, however, that m devis-
ing means to remedy those evils he has gone
a little too far.
That those evils exist in the city of New
York I have no doubt. Everybody knows ltr
On that point I agree perfectly with him.
Those abuses are gross, outrageous, dangerous.
I agree with him also that something ought to
be done to remedy them. But that something
ought not to be such as to obstruct naturaliza-
tion iri those parts of the country that are not
affected by the evils complained of. _
It must be remembered that naturalization
frauds, as such, are almost unknown in the
great West; at least they are of such uufre-
quent occurrence as to make themselves hardly
felt, and yet the very same measure that is to
repress the evil existing in the city of New Y ork
is to operate over the whole extent of the Uni-
ted States, to which the complaint does not
apply. Hence the difficulty.
How obstructive the amendment brought
forward by the Senator from New York is
has already been very ably shown. It has
been stated that the registers in bankruptcy
are but very few in number ; that in the west-
ern States there is about one to every con-
gressional district; that those congressional
districts there are very large ; that it would
render it necessary for the immigrants who
want to be naturalized to travel in some eases
fifty, sixty, one hundred, or two hundred
miles fo reach one; all of which is true. It
has also been mentioned that one provision in
this bill makes the very possession of a natu-
ralization paper a dangerous thing. Section
eight provides—
That whenever the district attorney in^any district
shall be informed, in and by the affidavit of a, cred-
ible person, setting forth the grounds of the beiiet
of the affiant, that some person therein named has
in Jiisor her possession or power a ccrtificatc of nat-
uralization, or a paper purporting to be evidence
that such person, or any person, lias been admitted
a citizen of the United Status, and purporting also
to have been issued by some commissioner or court.
State or national, holding his or its session within
the judicial district tor which such attorney acts, and
that he verily believes thatsuch certificate was know-
ingly proem cd or obtained contrnry to the true in-
tent and meaning of the laws existing at the dato
thereof, or that the same is false, forged, or counter-
feit, it shall be his duty to apply to one of the courts
of the United States for such district for an order on
the party holding such ccrtiticate or paper to appear
before said court on some convenient day, to be
named by the judge thereof, and produce such cer-
tificate or ovidence of naturalization, &e.
A provision like this would make every nat-
uralized citizen at once look into his desk with
alarm to ascertain vvhothor his iiat.uraliz.Uion
paper is m good order. There might possibly
be some mistake and irregularity, and to have
a naturalization paper would be almost as dan-
gerous as to carry a vial of nitro-glycerine in
one's pocket that may explode at any moment,
much to the injury and discomfiture of the
possessor.
The substitute of the Senator from New York
further provides that all the certificates of nat-
uralization issued in a city of more than one
hundred thousand inhabitants since the 1th day
of July, 18G8, must be presumed to be forgeries,
and all persons possessing such certificates of
naturalization must go before some United
States court and prove that they are genuine
and correct.
Why, sir, the city in which I live, St. Louis,
is a city of over one hundred thousand inhab-
itants. Almost one half of the population of
that city arc of' foreign origin, and no natural-
ization fraud has to my knowledge ever been
chargedthere. Now, sir,think ofalllhose who
have been naturalized since the 4th of July,
1868, being called upon to prove that they have
not been naturalized by forgery ; that they did
not procure their naturalization by unfair, ille-
gal, criminal means ! I am sure that the exe-
cution of such a provision cannot take place
without producing the most unfortunate state
of feeling among that whole population. The
Senator from New York must see thatit would
be almost impossible to enforce such a pro-
vision to the extent ho proposes—a provision
based upon the presumption that all those peo-
ple are criminals—without creating universal
and just indignation. , •
In fact, going over this whole bill from one
I provision to another, and I need not repeat
