3230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
tleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] who
urges the necessity for protection of "rat-
traps," that it seems to me his appeals are
entirely thrown away when there is so great a
cat in the meal. This is an interest, although
not among the most important interests, of the
district I have the honor to represent. It is
one of the very many interests which are car-
ried on there. It is important to the country
that it should be kept up. It requires skilled
industry and experience to carry it on. We
are here asking for no more protection on our
interests and industries than we are willing to
concede to all the rest of the country. The
people of my district have supported by their
representation here, almost since the Govern-
ment was founded, the great policy of granting
Government aid for the improvements of the
harbors and rivers of the West. They have
sustained the great policy by which the rapid
settlement of the western States has been pro-
moted by giving freely and at a mere nominal
price grants of the public land to actual set-
tlers. They have earnestly advocated the policy
which has enfranchised the labor in the South,
which has enabled it to start out in a new career;
and they are perfectly willing in regard to all
these industries, if they desire it, and the con-
dition of the country can afford to have us inau-
gurate the principle of free trade—they are
willing to look out for themselves and to trust
to themselves in the race for a livelihood on
that principle; but while iron and steel and
coal, the foundation of their industries in this
country, are protected by high rates of duty
they claim that the manufactures in which they
are interested shall receive equal protection.
Now, one word as to this wire. It is an
industry not confined to any one locality. The
manufacture of this wire is growing up all over
this country. It has been established in Mas-
sachusetts, in Connecticut, in New York, in
Cincinnati and St. Louis and Cleveland; there
are establishments in all these places, as well as
in other places I have not indicated ; and they
are manufactories, as I observed the other day,
which depend most entirely on the very high-
est form of skilled labor. The protection which
they receive is a policy that says to the skilled
laborers of Germany and England, the best
and most valuable class of citizens, if they de-
sire to supply these articles to our people they
can come over here and establish their manu-
factories. The policy of protecting this wire
interest is bringing skilled workmen from Eng-
land and Germany to the doors of the very
gentlemen who sit upon this floor as Represent-
atives of the western part of this country. We
do not ask protection as a local matter, but in
the great interest of the American people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I move to strike out " 75 " and
insert "60," simply for the purpose of saying
that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] talks very well in favor of his own
special interest#. I never knew him to fail to
speak for his district, and his constituents
would do wrong if they failed to send him here
to speak for his district. But when he goes
beyond and speaks for manufactures in New
York, Cleveland, and everywhere else, that
raises a question for a larger discussion. This
proviso is that wire for pianos and other musical
instruments shall pay an additional duty of 25
per cent, ad valorem. The gentleman refers
to what his people have done. Does he not
know that in the last thirteen years we have had
thirteen tariffs made in the interest of Penn-
sylvania and his people, for I would not forget
Pennsylvania on this occasion, and they have
taken nearly $1,050,000,000 in gold from the
pockets of the people during the last thirteen
years ? This was for the purpose of raising
revenue and incidentally or directly protecting
a certain class of manufacturers. Now, so far
as the free-trade element in this House is con-
cerned, 1 have to say that we are willingto adopt
the delinition given by the great organ of the
protectionists in this country, the New York
Tribune. We say that we hold as a distinguish-
ing tenet of the free-trade party—
"That no duty shall be imposed on the importa-
tion of foreign products except for revenue, and that
the highest rate on any nrtiele shall be that which
shall put most money into the Treasury."
This is substantially the proposition of my
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall;] and
every free-trader, every Democrat especially,
and every man progressing in that direction
must stand on that definition of Mr. Greeley
and fight down those propositions which look
to fostering these various infant manufactures
throughout the land. I care not where they
come from, whether they are intended to pro-
tect the piano-makers or whether they are to
apply to the negroes who play the banjo with
these wires which are so covered as to make
music. All I know is that in the end the peo-
ple pay for the music, and they pay it to a lew
persons, and those few persons, as is developed
by every debate here, reside in one or the other
of the protected States of this country—I mean
either in Massachusetts or in Pennsylvania.
Now, Mr. Chairman, by this clause now en-
gaging the attention of the committee there
is an attempt by the Committee of Ways and
Means to add 25 per cent, to the present tax
on these wires. That is as I understand it.
If I am wrong in that understanding, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means will
correct me. Yet it is claimed that this is a
tariff for the reduction of revenue, although on
these various items, as we have shown, item
by item, there is an increase. Am I not cor-
rect in the statement I have just made?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman is very much
troubled about wire. 1 do not know why he
should be. I had occasion to step out of the Hall
a little while ago, and he and others took advan-
tage of my absence to raise very much the duty
on wire ; and I say this in the presence of my
friend from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] who, I under-
stand, made the motion which has that effect.
The present duty on wire, which the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa has restored,
is 2} cents per pound, and 20 per cent, ad
valorem on one class, and 3 cents per pound
and 20 per cent, ad valorem on the other.
Now, on the 2.} cent wire the average invoice
valuation—and the importers always put it
low enough—is 17 cents per pound; 20 per
cent, on that and 2 J cents added makes a duty
of 5i°(& cents per pound. Then, as regards
the class on which there is a duty of 3 cents
and 20 per cent, ad valorem,, I find that the
average valuation is 40 cents per pound ; 20
per cent, on this would be 8 cents, and add-
ing the 3 cents the duty will be 11 cents per
pound. The Committee of Ways and Means,
believing that duties of 5&°ff cents on the one
class and 11 cents on the other were too high,
proposed to lower them to 5 and 6 cents. But
inasmuch as everything that the Committee of
Ways and Means does must be wrong, and inas-
much as gentlemen are exceedingly anxious to
strike out their work and put something else
in its place, they have returned, as I under-
stand, to the old duty or its equivalent, and
have thus added to what the committee pro-
posed, nine tenths of a cent in one class, and
nearly double what they proposed in the other
class.
I do not know why the gentleman should be
afraid of the consequences of making some
proper provision for this covered wire, which
is introduced in the last clause of the para-
graph. There is a good deal of ingenuity,
industry, mechanical skill, and application of
machinery in the covering of the wire, and
what is proposed is that there shall be an addi-
tional duty of 25 per cent, ad valorem.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. COX. I withdraw it.
Mr. ALLISON. I renew it. It seems that,
very unfortunately for the Committee of Ways
and Means, the chairman of the committee
had occasion to step out of the Hall, and that
thereby the duty upon iron was increased. I
do not know precisely how the gentleman
figures it out when he says that the Committee
ij ut Ways anij Means, thinking the duty too
: high, proposed a reduction. If that was what
j was proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means, it is the most remarkable proposition
Jj that ever has come from them, because in
I every provision of this bill having reference
l to iron and steel the device of the Committee
! of Ways and Means has been to increase the
j duty.
There has not been a classification intro-
duced here the effect of which has not been to
increase the rates of duty, except perhaps in
a few accidental cases, and I call upon the
committee to remember that the Committee
of the Whole have reduced time after time the
rates proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means because they were so enormously in-
creased that the Committee of the Whole would
not endure that increase. Now, what is this
provision? As the gentleman states, the Treas-
ury report shows that the duty on this steel
wire of the first class is 34} per cent, ad va-
lorem, and on the second class 27J per cent.
ad valorem, and yet we have been here day
after day putting duties of 65 and 70 per cent,
upon iron and steel. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means says that during
his accidental absence, in defiance of the wish
of that committee, who desired to reduce these
enormous duties, we have increased the duties
upon this steel wire.
Now, it may be possible that the duties on
some classes of steel wire may be increased a
fraction by the proposition which I offered on
the percentage as shown by the average rates
here. But my proposition is an ad valorem
coupled with a specific duty, which passes
through all this bill whenever it suited the pur-
pose of the Committee of Ways and Means to
tack on an ad valorem duty, but whenever it
does not suit their purpose to tack on an ad
valorem, they strike out the ad valorem and
make a specific duty. Now, I have no desire
to attack the bill of the Committee of Ways
and Means in any sense, and I have not as-
sumed that attitude here, but as a Representa-
tive I have a right to offer amendments reduc-
ing duties or increasing duties as I see proper,
and I -have made these propositions with as
much good faith as the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has made any prop-
osition with reference to this bill.
I believed that the proposition of the com-
mittee increased the rates by placing specific
duties upon this wire, and my amendment was
opposed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hoar,] who represents this interest. I
have no doubt that he and his constituents,
who are interested in wire, understand the
proposition of the Committee of Ways and
Means to be an increase of duties, whatever
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means may say. The duty under the existing
law, compared with other duties, I admit is &
low one, and if the gentleman from Ohio is
content with an ad valorem duty of 34 and 27
per cent., I am content with that duty. If he
thinks that duty is too high, I will vote with
him to strike out any portion of that aavalorem,
and it can be done now as well as at any other
time.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. SCHENCK. My colleague on the com-
mittee answers as to every thing except the fact
which is a matter of figures and calculation
which he himself will not contradict. As to
his assignment of motives to the Committee
of Ways and Means, I let all that pass. He is a
memberof the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. ALLISON. I have assigned no motives
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SCHENCK. I thought he said they
