1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4175
that there is another bill which we desire to
start in the morning hour. Therefore, without
saying anything at all beyond reiterating my
approval of this bill, I shall demand the pre-,
vious question. I only wish to remind the
House that, by unanimous consent, all amend-
ments which have been offered are to be voted
on after the previous question is sustained, and
I shall ask for a vote on each of the amend-
ments. Before the motion is put on sustaining
the previous question, I yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Chukciiill,] a member
of the committee, to offer an amendment.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I move to amend the
first section of this bill so that it shall read as
follows:
That whenever the right of any Representative
or Delegate in Congress to a seat in the House of
Representatives is contested, and notice of such
contest is served in conformity tQ, law, the mileage
and compensation provided by law shall bo paid to the
sitting member while such contcst is pending and
undecided ; and whenever the right to such seat shall
have been finally determined, either by tlie House or
by a withdrawal upon the record from all further
contest, such mileage and compensation, but only
from the date of such determination, shall be paid
to the person to whom the seat shall thus be finally
accorded.
Mr. PAINE. I wish also to have it under-
stood that the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr.VAy Trump] is pending.
The SPEAKER. It was agreed by unani-
mous consent last week that all amendments
offered to this bill should bo considered as
pending when the previous question was called.
Mr. PAINE. T now call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PATNE. Before the House shall pro-
ceed to vote upon this bill and the amendments
pending thereto, I wish to yield one minute to
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Churchill]
to explain his amendment.
Mr. CHURCHILL. The amendment I have
offered proposes to allow the sitting member
to draw his pay and mileage for the time he
sits here, and then the person finally successful
is permitted to draw his pay only from the time
he takes his seat? By the present custom of
the House, and also by this bill, although the
contestant should succeed only during the last
month of the term, he is allowed to draw pay
from the beginning of the term. That seems
to me to be an injustice.
Mr. PAINE. I now yield two minutes to
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Pr.os-
ser;] and then, in order that we may com-
plete the vote on this bill this morning, I must
decliue to yield any further.
Mr. PROSSER. The difficulty in my mind
in connection with this bill is the provision con-
tained in the first section, which provides that
no salary shall be paid to the sitting member
until the question of the right to the seat is
decided; and if against him, he shall receive
no pay for the time he sat and served as a
member. I would 'ask the gentleman irom
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] if that would not
be contrary to the provisions of existing law,
and whether a de facto member, who has
served as such, would not be entitled, under
existing laws, to the same compensation that
all other members are entitled to under existing
laws? I desire to call the attention of mem-
bers to this difficulty, in connection with the
first section of this bill, and I hope it may
either be amended or stricken out altogether.
It seems to me that a sitting member, discharg-
ing the duties of a member of this House, is
entitled as such to the same compensation that
each other member is entitled to under exist-
ing laws. That is all I desire to say in refer-
ence to this bill; and while I desire, with other
members of this House, to remedy, if possiole,
existing evils connected with contested-elec-
tion cases, I think the first section of this bill
is in conflict with existing law.
Mr. PAINE. I believe the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] is one which ought to be adopted. The
reason for excluding it from-the bill has now
disappeared, and the amendment should now
be adopted. I hope the House will now pro-
ceed to vote.
Mr. KERR. Is a motion to lay the bill and
pending amendments on the table now in order?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would be
in order.
Mr. KERR. Then I submit that motion.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to say a few
words.
Mr. KERR. I will withdraw my motion to
allow the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingbr-
sqll] to be heard.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. I'aixb] yield to the gentleman
from Illinois?
Mr. PAINE. I cannot yield.
Mr. KERR. Then I insist on my motion.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Kerii, that the bill and amendments be laid
on the table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays. I think this bill should be
laid on the table ; that is the best place for it.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were, upon a divis-
ion—ayes 2i), noes 45.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. STEVENSON called for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering tellers ;
and there were twenty-four in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of a quo-
rum) tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stevux-
sox and Mr. Ikgeksoll were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes forty, noes not
counted.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the last
full vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 7G,
not voting CI; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Asper, Ax toll. Banks, Bock,
Bigccs, ijinghain, Dird, lifair, Boles, Booker, James
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Burchard, Burr, Benjamin
]?. Butler, Amasa Cobb, Cunncr, Cowies, Cox, Orebs,
J>egener, box, Kldridge, I'ox, Getx, Gibson, Ilaight,
llaideman, Hale, liambleton, Ilamili, Harris, Haw-
kins, llays, Heflin.IIoar, llolman, Ingersoll,Alexan-
der If. Jones, Kerr, lvnott,,fjowis, Marshall, Mayham,
Maynard, McCarthy, McConniek, McKenaic, Slc-
Neely.Mcreur, Milncs, Morgan, Morrissey.Newsham,
Niblack. Ortli, Peters, Phelps, Poland, llandiill,
Reeves, Xtice.Itidgway, Rogers, Knots,8ant'ord, Scliu-
ma.ker, Lionel A. Sheldon,Shcrrod, William J. Smith,
Stiles, Stoughton, Strader, Strickland, Swann, Swee-
ney, Tanner, Tillman. Tyner, Van Trump, Wallace,
Wells, Whitmore. Winans, Winchester, Witelier,
Wood, and Woodward—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Ainblcr, Ames, Arnell, Atwood,
Barnum, Barry, Beam an, Jicatty, Benjamin, Bennett,
Benton, George At. Brooks, Bufiinton, Kodcrick It.
Butler, Cessna, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Coburn,
Cook, Conger, Oovode, Davis, Dawes, Diekcy, i)ixon,
Duval.Ela. Farnsworth.Ferriss.Finkelnburg, inshcr,
Pitch, Giiiillan, Hamilton, Hay, Haw icy, Judd,
Keliey, Knnpp, Lash, Lawrence, Louglnidge, Mc-
Crary, McGrew, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse 11. Moore,
William Moore, Myers, O'Neill, Packard, Packer,
Paine, Peck,Porter, Sargent,,Sawyer, Scotield, Porter,
Sheldon, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevenson,
WiNon—76.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Adams, Allison, Arm-
strong, Ayer, Bailey, Buwen, Boyd, Burdett, Cake,
Calkin, Will iamT. Clark, Cleveland, Clin ton L.Cobb,
Cullom, Dickinson, Dockcry. Donley, Dyer, lerry,
Garfield, Griswold, llcaton, Hill, lloge, Hooper,
1-Iotchkiss, Jenckcs, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones,
Julian, Kellogg, Ivelsey, Ketcham, Laflin, Logan,
Lynch. McKee, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel
P. Morrill, Mungen, Neglcy, Palmer, Perce, Piatt,
Pomeroy, Potter, Piosser, Sehenck, Shanks, Shober,
Slocum, .John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith,Stevens,Stone, Trimble,'Van Auken,
Van Horn, Voorhees, Oadwalader 0. Washburn,
Wilkinson, and Eugene M. Wilson—GL
So the motion to lay the bill and amendments
on the table was agreed to.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER 01? BUSINESS.
Mr. CESSNA. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to report a bill.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has -
expired by one minute.
Mr. CESSNA. I suppose "that tjie.time
taken by interruptions would not be takein out
of the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. There are other commit-"
tees waiting to be called, and it would be unjust
to them to allow another morning hour to be
occupied by the Committee of Elections.
KEPORTS OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. ASPER. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That thoro be printed from the stereotype
plates of the reports of the Smithsonian Institution
tor 1866,1867, and 1868, two thousand copies of each,
one thousand for the use of the House, and one thou-
sand for the institution.
I call attention to a letter from Professor
Henry, stating the necessity for this resolution.
The letter was as follows :
Smithsonian Institution,
Washington, May 28,1870.
My Dear Sin: I have the honor, with your per-
mission, to address you in relation to extra copies of
tho reports of this institution, for which the demand
has of Into years become so great that the number
ordered by the House for its members has not been
sufficient to supply more than half their constitu-
ents who desire them. During the last three years
and especially during the year just passed, so numer-
ous have been tho demands upon us for copies ot
reports that our stock is entirely exhausted.
The report gives not only an account of the opera-
tions of the institution, but also, in an appendix, a
series of translations which exhibit the progress of
seieneo in foreign countries. A copy is sent to each
of the foreign correspondents of tho establishment,
to colleges, public libraries, and learned societies
publishing transactions; to meteorological observers
of the institution; to contributors of the material to
the library or museum, and to persons engaged in
teaching or in special scientific research, so far as tho
number of copies furnished to tho institution will
allow.
In view of these facts, I would respectfully suggest
that thoro bo struck off from the stereotype plates of
the reports for 18GG,1867, and 1868, now in the hands
of tho Public Printer, two thousand copies of each
volume, one thousjuiu lor the use of the House, and
tho other one thousand for distribution by the insti-
tution.
I have the honor to be, very truly, your obedient
servant, JOSEPH HENRY,
Secretary Smithsonian Insttiution.
Hon. J. F. Aspeti,
United Staten House of Representatives,
No objection being made,, the resolution was
received, and referred, under the law, to the
Committee on Punting.
PAY OF ASSISTANT MARSHALS.
Mr. STOKES. T ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table, for consid-
eration at this time, a joint resolution (S. li. No.
212) in relation to the compensation of assist-
ant marshals for taking the census of 1870.
No objection being made, the joint resolution
was taken up, and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution, which was read, author-
izes the Secretary of the Interior to increase the
compensation of assistant marshals in taking
the census of 1870, whenever in his judgment
such increase shall be necessary, such increase
in no case to exceed fifty percent, of the com-
pensation now allowed by law, and no such
additional allowance to be made except when
by reason of the sparseness of population the
compensation heretofore allowed by law shall
not be sufficient; nor shall the entire com-
pensation be more than eight dollars per day,
exclusive of mileage^ for the time actually em-
ployed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have a letter
from the Superintendent of the Census, stating
the necessity for this legislation.
The letter was as follows :
Deeartment op the Interior,
Census Office,
"Washington, P. 0., June 7,18/0.
Sir : I desire most respectfully to ask your atW. -
tion to the present condition of the census- worR 
which began by law on the 1st instant. t
ilns ollice is in receipt of advices from many parts
of tho country that the work is fit
want of the additional compensation heietofoio
recommended by the DepaTtmect.
The marshal of Nevada informs me that all
subdivisions but one have been offered and refused.
She marshal of Washington writes that only two out
