1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2287
that the committee have not required the super-
vising architect of the Treasury to make a
plan beforehand in relation to the building
proposed to be put up at Little Rock, but they
have limited the amount, and have required
plans and estimates to be made before any
contract is entered into, and that the expense
shall not exceed the amount appropriated.
By an examination of the costof the structures
throughout the country that have been erected
for the last ten or fifteen years it is ascer-
tained that a fire-proof building of suitable di-
mensions for the accommodation of the courts
and the offices required at Little Rock can be
made within the limit proposed by the bill,
aud we have the assurance of the Secretary of
the Treasury that if we put in such a limit he
will guaranty not to come here for any future
appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
ALEXANDER C. TWINING.
Mr. FERRY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to proceed to the consid-
eration of Senate bill No. 704, for the relief
of Alexander C. Twining. I think it will take
no time further than the reading of the report.
Mr. STEWART. I shall have to object if
we are going to have a scramble in this way.
Let us go on with the Calendar. We have had
a tie vote on the first resolution three times.
Mr. FERRY. If the Senator from Nevada
will hear what I was about to say perhaps he
will consent that this bill be taken up. It is
necessary for myself and my colleague to leave
for our State either to-morrow or next day. I
am very desirous that this private bill, which
will cause no debate and require nothing, 1
think, but the reading of the report, should
be taken up before we go.
_ the VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
fiom Connecticut asks unanimous consent
to proceed to the consideration of the bill
t>S. No. 704) for the relief of Alexander C.
Twining.
There being no objection, the bill was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It prpposes to direct
the Commissioner of Patents to extend the
patent of Alexander C. Twining, dated No-
vember 8, 185S, and numbered 1022, for an
improvement in the process and apparatus foi
making ice, for the term of seven years, com-
mencing on the 3d day of July, 1871, and end-
ing on the 3d day of July, 1870, unless upon
examination by the Commissioner it be found
that the substantive invention secured by tlio
patent was not new and patentable at the time
of the date of the patent.
Mr. FERRY. The number should be
"10221" instead of "1022."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. I send to the desk the report
of the Committee on Patents.
Several Senators. Nobody objects.
Mr. FERRY. If there is no objection to
the bill the report need not be read.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE ITOI7SE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clintox Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the bill
(S. No. 596) to relieve certain persons therein
named from legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States, and for other
purposes, with an amendment; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 1536) to admit the State
of Texas to representation in the Congress of
the United States.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 1536) to admit the State of
Texas to representation in the Congress of the
United States ; and it was thereupon signed by
the Vice President.
JOINT INDIAN COMMITTEE.
J-he VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from Nevada to object to
anything but the call of the Calendar of reso-
lutions.
Mr. STEWART. Yes; I want the regular
order taken up.
Mr. SAWYER. With the consent of the
Senator from Nevada I wish to state that I had
intended to call up this morning Senate bill
No.^ 252,^ but at the request of a Senator who
desires time to examine into the character of
the bill further I have consented to postpone
calling it up until to-morrow morning, when I
hope 1 shall get the attention of the Senate for
a few minutes to that bill.
Mr. STEWART. I hope we shall go on with
the Calendar of resolutions. I think we can
get through the one with regard to a joint In-
dian committee in a few minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first reso-
lution on the Calendar is a concurrent resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives providing
for the appointment of a joint committee to
consider and report upon a change of the
Indian policy. The pending question is on the
motion of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thuk-
iian,] to place the resolution at the foot of the
Calendar.
Mr. STEW ART. There was an amendmeut
pending on which I called for a division aud
was cut oft at the expiration of the morning
hour. How does that stand ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal
states, aud it is the recollection of the Chair,
that a motion was made by the Senator from
Ohio to place the resolution at the foot of the
Calendar, and that motion has priority.
Mr. STEWART. I called for a division on
an amendment proposed by the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] and the expiration
of the morning hour cut otf the matter before
a division was had.
Mr. THURMAN. I will relieve the Senator
from all difficulty 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair decided
that the amendment was agreed to ; but if the
Senator from Nevada says he rose in time to
demand a division before the Senator from
Ohio moved that the resolution be placed at
the foot of the Calendar  
Mr. STEWART. I certainly called for a
division at that time, but the morning hour
expired before a division was had.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 think I can remind the
Senator from Nevada of a fact which will show
him that his recollection is at variance with the
record. After the Senator called for a division
the Senator from Vermont reminded him that
the mover of the resolution, the Senator from
Iowa, assented to the amendment, and the Sen-
ator from Nevada then inquired of the Senator
from Iowa whether he did so assent, and the
Senator from Iowa, said he did, aud the Sen-
ator from Nevada acquiesced. I think that is
the true state of the case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the Journal
of that day's proceedings, which has been read
and approved, it is stated that the amendment
was agreed to, and that then the Senator from |
Ohio made a motion to place the resolution at ]
the foot of the Calendar. • j
Mr. THURMAN. My recollection is very i
distinct, and according to the recollection of i
the Chair, that the amendment was agreed to. i
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator i
from Ohio desires to debate this resolution he j
must withdraw liis motion. 1
Mr. THURMAN. That is what I was iust
about to do. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Ohio is withdrawn. The
qUArtl0rrT4Srr05J\e1,PassSge 0I"tlie resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senate being pretty
full this morning, this matter miglftjust as well
be disposed of now as not. I have but a very
few words to say, and when I havelsaid them
I shall be willing to let the Senate act upon
the question, so far as I am concerned. Before
proceeding I ask that the resolution as it has
been amended may be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will re port the resolution as it has been amended
by the Senate.
The resolution was read, as amended, as fol-
lows :
Resolvedly'the House of Representatives, (theSenate
concurring,) Xhat a joint s pecial committee, to con-
sist ot ten members. five from the Senate and -five
xrom the it on re, be appointed, to whom shall be re-
1'erreii the propriety of a change or modification of
the Indian policy andsystem of governing the Indian
tribes; and said committee shall have power to ex-
amine witnesses, to send tor persons and papers, and
to employ a clerk at the same compensation allowed
a clerk of a standing committee of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. .It will be seen from that
resolution, as it now stands, that a joint com-
mittee is to be constituted, if the resolution bs
adopted, for a single purpose, to wit, the con-
sideration of our Indian policy. Now, I sub-
mit to the Senate that there is not one reason
that can be given why there should be such a
joint committee which will not apply to any
other subject that can come before the Senate
of public importance.^ You might just as well
appoint a joint committee on foreign affairs to
consider what shall be our policy in respect to
foreign nations, or in respect to any particular
subject, as Cuba, or the acquisition of Hayti,
or any matter whatsoever that is now referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations. You
might just as well appoint a joint committee to
consider what shall be our financial policy, or
what shall be our policy in respect to a par-
ticular matter offinauce, as, for instance, the
payment of ihe public debt. You might just
as well appoint a joint committee to consider
'what shall be our policy in regard to the judi-
cial system of the United States, and so on to
the end of the chapter. There is nothing what-
ever in the Indian question that makes it more
properly the subject of a joint committee than
there is in the foreign relations of the country,
or in the financial questions that are before the
country, or in the judicial questions that are
before Congress. Not one reason can be given,
therefore, for the appointment of a joint com-
mittee on this subject which would not make
a joint committee proper or necessary upon
each of the great- questions which^are now
referred to the separate committees of the two
bodies.
Mr. President, joint committees, in my judg-
ment., are totally inconsistent with the con-
stitution of Congress and with the spirit of our
legislation. Why is it that there are two
Chambers? Why is it thatthereis a Senate and
a House of Representatives? Because it is
thought to be better that a measure should be
considered iu one body, and then that the ac-
tion of that body should be reviewed in another
body, for that secures greater circumspection,
greater deliberation, more information, and
finally a better judgment upon the subject.
And the very same reason which requires that
we should have two Chambers, a Senate and
a House of Representatives, requires that we
should have committees of the Senate and
committees of the House of Representatives
entirely separate from each other.
Can each member of this Senate consider
every measure that comes before it requiring
his vote, investigate it, and probe it to the bot-
tom? Everybody knows that that is a sheer
impossibility. We must therefore rely upon
committees in the mass of the votes that we
give, except upon great measures involving
principles that are familiar to us all. Upon
