1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3231
were very ingeniously attempting in every case
to raise the duties.
Mr. ALLISON. No, sir; I said no such
thing, nor anything which can be tortured
'"Mr. SCHENCK. He said "by all kinds of
devices." I think I was not mistaken in the
language. As the gentleman is one of that
committee, I leave him to take his share of
any charges he makes against the committee,
only saying that the rest of the committee, I
apprehend, are just as honest in their motives
as he is. If he does not mean to .impeach the
motives of anybody on the committee he does
not attack himself. If he does, I think he will
have to be included in the general onslaught.
But that does not at all answer the question.
Now, I aver that by the present tariff the class
of wire that bears a duty of 2£ cents a pound
and 20 per cent, ad valorem is introduced,
at the low valuation the importers put upon
it, at 17 cents a pound; 20 per cent, upon
17 cents added to the cents makes 6$V
cents. We put it at 5 cents. The gentleman
proposer 'o go back to the 5^ cents. The
other class is at 3^ cents, and by the returns
from the custom-house I find that it is by the
average invoice valuation imported at 40f
cents. I did not calculate the three fourths
of a cent, or it would have been a little higher
Take it at 40 cents, and 20 per cent, on 40
cents is 8 cents, and 3 cents added to 8 cents
is 11 cents; and we have reduced it to 6 cents,
but the amendment carries it back to 11 cents.
That is all I said. I simply said that it did
not come well from those gentlemen who object,
in reference to covered wire, to some little
additional protection on account of the use of
machinery for wrapping or covering the wire,
and the industry employed in the manufacture,
when they themselves prefer not to abide by
that which the Committee of Ways and Means
had reported, but to go back to a very much
higher rate of duty. I do not find that any-
body contradicts that; I believe the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Allison] will not contradict
it. And that was the whole of my argument.
My reference to the fact that I had been absent
from the Hall for a few moments, was rather
intended to be playful; bnt it seems my jocu-
lar remarks cannot be nnderstood as such. I
am always so much in earnest, in contradis-
tinction to the gentleman iron New York,
[Mr. Cox,] who is always so funny that he is
generally supposed to mean nothing, which I
believe is usually the fact. [Laughter.}
Mr. ALLISON. I will withdraw my amend-
ment, and move instead to amend line four
hundred and forty-three, by striking out "25"
and inserting ''5" as the additional per cent,
to be paid. If we have made this duty so
enormously high in the preceding lines of the
paragraph, I think the amendment I have
moved will be a fair compromise.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must raise the point of
order on that amendment, that it is proposing
to reduce what the Committee of the Whole
have agreed to, upon the proposition of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] we both
agreeing that it would be perfectly right. As
we voted it in I must object to reducing it.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire only to reassert
what I stated before, that the specific duty of
the Committee of Ways and Means was an
increase of duty. I will leave it to experts, or
gentlemen familiar with the subject, to decide
the question between the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck] and
myself. But if my amendment isright I trust
it will be adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in order to move to
strike out what has been inserted?
The CHAIRMAN. Such an amendment
would not be in order.
Mr. ALLISON. The Committee of the
Whole have inserted nothing in the proviso of
this paragraph. 1 have moved to amend the
proviso, which has not yet been acted upon by
way of amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. In that case my point
of order wonld not apply.
Mr. HOAR. I understand that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Alli-
son] is not moved upon his understanding of
the effect of the amendments already adopted
to this paragraph.
Mr. ALLISON. I move it merely to correct
the error which the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck] says I fell
into.
Mr. HOAR. Then if the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] has been unwittingly led
into an error, as asserted by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Schenck,] the proposition now pending is to
remedy it by diminishing the proposed addi-
tional duty upon piano wire, &c. As I under-
stand the matter, the gentleman from Iowa was
correct in his original proposition; and as I
understand the effect of his original proposi-
tion, it was to diminish the rate of duty in the
bill reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means. I trust, therefore, that he will with-
draw the pending amendment moved by him.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been ex-
hausted on the pending amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw the amendment,
if some gentleman will renew it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I renew the
amendment. I wish to put upon record the
authority of an expert in this matter of wire,
an authority voucned for by many other ex-
perts, men thoroughly conversant with the
trade. I refer to the authority of W. Oothout,
who certainly understands the value of wire,
and who certifies that this is the fact in refer-
ence to this bill. The duty proposed here on
steel wire not less than No. 13 wire gauge
is 5 cents per pound, while the present duty is
2J cents per ponnd and 20 per cent, ad valo-
rem, or an increase of 100 pereent. less the
20 per cent, ad valorem of the present duty.
The duty proposed here on steel wire Iras than
No. 13 wire gauge is 6 cents per pound, while
the present duty is 2J cents per pound and 20
per cent, ad valorem, and 3 cents per pound
and 20 per cent, ad valorem, or an increase of
140 per cent, in some cases and 100 per cent,
in other eases, less the 20 per cent, ad valorem.
And in addition to those rateB it is proposed
to put 26 per cent, additional on wire for piano
and other musical instrument strings, and steel
wire covered with silk, cotton, or other textile
material.
Now, it may be easy to laugh at eminent
men who are engaged in trade, of high char-
acter, whose word is as good as law, and who
would no more certify to these statements over
their own signatures, if they were not correct,
than they would commit forgery or willingly
go into bankruptcy. I know them to be men
of the highest character, of the strictest in-
tegrity, and who have exercised the greatest
care in preparing these statements. It is easy
to say that they are importers, and therefore
interested parties. It would be equally easy
for me to reply that there are manufacturers
who are equally interested. The question is
not what are the men, but what are the facts.
The facts are as I have stated, and in my judg-
ment they cannot be gainsaid, but can be forti-
fied by any amount of other testimony. It is
in vain to recite here Treasury statements of
average ad valorem*, of 84 per cent, and 27
per cent., because big wire and little wire and
wire of various kinds and gauges have an in-
definite classification of prices. Some are very
high and some are very low, and the Treasury
statement shows merely the average value,
while the statement to which I have referred
shows what will be the additional duty by this
bill upon certain classes of wire specified.
I ask, therefore, not for buncombe—for that
is a county which I do not represent and have
never represented upon this floor—I ask as a
guarantee to the public that this is not a fraud
upon them, that we shall give them a pledge
that there shall be no duty collected on- these
articles over 75 per cent, ad valorem. The
reply is not sufficient that I am making a
speech for buncombe. The proper reply would
De to take me at my word and ingraft that
pledge upon this bill, unless it was meant to
collect more than 75 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to make no reply
to the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks,] except to read two or
three lines from the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, to show, as the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] has said, that on one
class of wire the duty has been 34| per cent.,
and on another class 27 per cent. I refer to
the following:
5!
S°
tf
§
!z|
O
p*
P
O
02
i *
5* 3.
Si •
p —
5 g
v
p
0
&
fS
£
o
Poundt.
115,161
( 69,230
t 10,531
Quantity
imported. I
$19,326
30,151
2,421
Value.
3
*3
ft
a- 5
§ s
r a
«>
r p
: g*
i 
2
ts a
c* -t
s
P. o
« e
s 0
s- o.
1 §
j ca*
p
p
2 a«R
If the speech of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] is not for buncombe, then
it does not partake of the character of like
speeches which have been made all through
this discussion. I now move that debate on
the pending paragraph be considered closed.
The motion to close debate was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Allison, to rednce the additional
duty on piano wire, &c., from 25 to 5 per cent.
ad valorem-, and being taken it was not agreed to.
The question then reenrred upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Brooks, of New York, to
add to the paragraph,as amended, the following:
Provided, There shall be no rate of duties levied and
collected upon wire over 75 per cent, ad valorem.
Upon a division there were—ayes 40, noes
61; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Brooks, oi
New York, and Mr. Cessna were appointed.
