32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December <8,
The Secretary read as follows:
" In the'Senate of the United States, April 9,1869.
Kead and passed to a second reading. * :
" December 7. Read a second time, considered as
in Committee of the Whole, and adjourned."
Mr. SUMNER. Then it appears that the
bill never.has been referred toa committee of
this body. That is the fact.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The bill has been re-
ferred to tjie committee of which I have the
honor to be chairman.
Mr. SUMNER. I .beg the Senator's par-
don ; the record is adverse.
Mr. SHERMAN, if the Senator from. Mas-
sachusetts will allow me, I should like to ask for
information whether these identical names—
not, perhaps, this bill, but these identical
names—have been examined in detail by the
committee of this body ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will state to the hon-
orably Senator from Ohio that I took occasion
to go to the House of Representatives in relation
to this subject, and consult with the chairman
of the committee there who has this matter
under his special care, and I also went to his
rooms and examined the names of these men.
Mr. SHERMAN. And the evidence ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. ■ Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I was about to observe that
it does seem to me precipitate at least, if not
dangerous, for the Senate now to undertake to
act on a bill of this magnitude, containing so
many names, without a report from a commit-
tee of this body. I understand that this bill
has been before the proper committee of the
other House, and I further understand, on the
statement of the Senator from South Carolina,
that some time during the last session these
names were considered by the committee of
which he is chairman ; but I do not understand
that the bill now pending has ever been referred
to a committee, or that it has received the con-
sideration of any committee of this body.
Under these circumstances 1 submit that we
are going too far; at any rate, I ask the ques-
tion, if we are not going too far in undertaking
to act on this bill at this time. Is it not pre-
cipitate ; is it not without sufficient evidence?
The Senator from Kentucky says that there are
at least five hundred names in the bill. How
many Senators know about .those names ; to
what extent has the character.of those persons
been verified ; who can vouch for every one of
the five hundred?
It the Senate is disposed to launch into a
general system of removing disabilities on
some general principle applicable to a mass I
can consider that question—that is easy, that
is practicable; but when we are asked to con-
sider whether five hundred persons or more
shall be relieved from their disabilities all at
once, I must say it does seem to mo that the
bill ought to go to a committee and be care-
fully considered. If I may be pardoned the
expression, it should be ground out carefully.
Who can tell who may be in that bill? Who
knows? There may be persons who at this
time ought not to be relieved from their dis-
abilities.
Under these circumstances, Mr. President.
1 think it would be better to have this bill, I
do not say recommitted, fur it has never been
committed, but haveifc take the ordinary course
of legislation m this body, and be committed to
a committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor make that motion ?
Mr. SUMNER. I do.
ihe \ ICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves to refer the bill to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. HOWARD. When this bill was called
up lor consideration I obtained the impression
m some wav that it had been submitted form-
ally to the Committee on Political Disabilities
of the Senate, and had been considered by ij
them,, and had been reported back favorably. |i
tuat had been the case I should make, no I
1 opposition to the bill, having every confidence
in the,good sense and the wisdom of that com-
mittee. But it seems not to have been com-
mitted to the proper committee of the. Senate
for examination at all, as I understand it; and
1 think with the Senator from Massachusetts
.that, on so grave a subject as this we ought not
^to proceed precipitately, but that every, name
'on the.list.ought to be carefully examined and
considered by the committee appointed by the
Senate on this subject before we are called
upon to vote finally to remove the disabilities
attached to Such names. I hope, therefore,
that the motion to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on Disabilities of the Senate will pre-
vail.
Mr. CRAGIN. I do not understand this
question as some other Senators seem to do.
I believe the Committee on Disabilities is a
joint committee of the two Houses. We have
no separate committee of the Senate on that
subject, as I understand.
Mr. CONKLING. It is not a joint com-
mittee.
Mr. CRAGIN. I would inquire of the Chair
if I am not correct in supposing that the Com-
mittee on Disabilities is a joint committee ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Disabilities is not a joint committee of the
two Houses. The Chair is of the impression
that during the last session of Congress they
sometimes met together, but they are not a
joint committee. It is a select committee of
this body.
Mr. CRAGTN. Then I am in error.
Mr. BOREMAN. I have the honor to be a
member of that committee, and I have never
seen this bill before that committee. I do not
think it ever has been considered by them,
certainly not when I was present. I think it
never has been before the committee.
Mr. CRAGIN. I understood the chairman
of the committee to say that two bills were
reported, one to the Senate and the other to
the House of Representatives; that the one
reported to the Senate passed the Senate, but
failed to pass in the House ; and the-one that
passed the House failed to pass in the Senate ;
but the two bills were substantially identical.
If that is so the names contained in this bill
have been before the Senate committee, and
have been once acted upon by the Senate.
Under these circumstances I can see no reason
for recommitting the bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. There seems to be
some mistake about this matter. I am glad
that my friends on the other side of the Cham-
ber are so^ particular : it meets with my appro-
bation. The names in this bill have been
closely scrutinized by the chairman of the
House committee. I myself assisted him in
examining most of the names contained in it.
i o ^ passed the House and came to
the Senate I called my committee together,
but failed to get a quorum. I stated to the
Senate verbally that I was assured by Mr.
Whxxtemore, the chairman of the House com-
mittee, that he had carefully examined the
application of each person whose name is
contained in this bill, and he was assured of
i to the laws of this Government.
I felt satisfied about the bill or I would not have
asked the Senate to_ pass it. The committee
isnot a joint committee of the two Houses,
but I took occasion to go and assist Mr.
wnittemo.-ie in the examination of these
names. So anxious was I to get the bill through
at the last session that I went to his rooms at
night to. give him all tho assistance I possibly
could m preparing the names found in this bill.
I am satisfied that there are no names in it
that ought to be stricken out. I have the
assurance of the committee of the other House
to that effect. Therefore I hope the hill will
not be recommitted. The committee of the
House were engaged for over a month in pre-
paring the bill, and they examined the appli-
cation or each person named ia it.
Mr. ABBOTT. I will ask tho Senator frcJm
South Carolina if the bill which is now in the
House of Representatives, having passed the
Senate, does not contain exaciiy these names?
Mr. ROBERTSON. It does not. There
is somfe differencc m the two biils.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am in favor of this
bill, and shall probably vote for it; but I think
sufficient-facts*have been disclosed to show
that the hill ought to be referred, and carefully
examined. It is a very rare occurrence, indeed,
to pass a bill in the Senate without a reference.
It never ought to be done against a serious
objection. The reference will probably only
delay it for a day or two, and it would be much
better to err on the side of safety on a motion
to refer the bill than to pass it when it may
turn out that hereafter there may bo objection.
I hope, therefore, that by general consent it
may be referred, and that the committee will
carefully examine these names and report the
bill back at an early day, because I am informed
that it is extremely important in point of time
that some of these gentlemen should be re-
lieved from their disabilities in order to enable
them to hold offices to which they have been
elected by the people. If that is so it would
be a reason for haste on a careful examination,
and probably we can have a report in two or
three days;
Mr._ TRUMBULL. I should certainly con-
cur with the Senators from Massachusetts and
Ohio in regard to this bill if I understood the
facts as they do. I am myself opposed to
passing bills hastily and without consideration.
I believe all bills should be carefully consid-
ered, and that we gain nothing by doing things
inopportunely and out of order. The rules of
the body are established for the promotion of
business, and it is best to preserve them. But
I understand the facts of this case differently
from those Senators. The examination of
those five hundred names, if there be that
many in the bill, will take a month, I can
inform the Senator from Ohio. We hud thi-,
subject before the Committee on the Judi-
ciary 
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend allow me
to mention a fact stated by the Senator from
South Carolina, that there are some names in
this bill that were not in the bill sent from
the House? It will be very easy, as a matter
of course, to separate them. He will pro bably
be able in five minutes to separate those
names, and then go into an examination of
the few names added by the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was about to state
what, I understood to be the facts. The Judi-
ciary Committee spent a great deal of time at
the last Congress in investigating many of
these names. The Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] was charged particularly with that
subject; and I think himself and a clerk
worked for months in examining all the facts
in regard to each one of these names. The
Senate will readily see that it is a work that
takes time, and it requires a great deal of
labor to perform it. Now, my -recollection
about this bill is this—if I am incorrect in the
facts then I am in favor of the reference—my
recollection is, that the Senate passed a biil
with these names in it, every one of them • it
went to the House of Representatives with
some othsr names upon it; there was a con-
troversy about some few names—mostly, I
think, in regard to some persons in Virginia.
J hat is my recollection. The Senate inserted
their names in its bill; the House refused to
agree to those names, and there was a division
between the two Houses on that subject, and
either the Senate laid aside the House bill or
perhaps the House laid aside the Senate bill
ana passed one of their own embracing all the
names tnat the Senate bill contained, wit)*
certain exceptions. Now, I understand th-
benator from South Carolina to say that every
name on this list has been scrutinized by the
committee.
Mr. ROBERTSON. It has been.
Mr. TRUMBULL. .And-1 understand fur-
