mm
SHE COffGEESSIOME GLOBE.
July 2,
desiring it than the pfesent systetti does; "fad
yet it shuts the door as effectually as it can be
shut at all by legislation against the perpetra-
tion of fraud. «The simple system in a few
words is this:- that the doited States courts
shall appoint in every county within their juris-
diction one or more commissioners of natural-
ization, before 1?hom an alien wishing to take
the final Step toward becoming a citizen shall
go with his witnesses • and- make his proofs,
which proofs shall be reduced to writing, and
before the commissioner take the filial oatli of
allegiance; .and the commissioner is then to
send these papers, the oath and the testimony
as taken down before him, to the United States
court, which at its next session, or at the then
existing session if it be in session, shall cause
the same to be examined by a person appointed
for that purpose by the court: and if reported
upon favorably, that is, if this person appointed
shall report that all the steps have been taken
as required by law, and alt the proofs made,
than the court, if it approves that report, shall
enter a judgment of naturalization in favor of
the applicant, to relate back to and take effect
upon the day that he took the oath before the
commissioner. • This is the simple system, and
I say, in my judgment, it will accomplish the
two great objects which I have named. With
this explanation of it I leave it to the Senate.
Mr. CONKLlNGr. Mr. President, the
friends of the reform proposed in this bill
have shown, I think, at once great faith in the
merits of the measure they propose and great
courtesy to its opponents, because 1 believe that
up to this moment,now within a little more than
ten minutes of the conclusion of the whole mat-
'ter, no voice has been raised in vindication of
the report of the .ludiciary Committee, and
iudeed it has been so put that the responsibility
would seem to rest upon me alone for the bill
presented.
Well, Mr. President, as time does not suffice
to go into the matter fully,because I should not
be content even with the consent of the Senate
to pass the bound which has been fixed—let me
in a few general words state the history and
objeet of this bill. Its authorship has been
attributed to me by the Senator from California
[Mr. Casserly" not untruly ; yet it belongs to
me in only a qualified sense ; 1 will tell the
Senator how.
Considerably more than a year ago, availing
myself of contributions which camc from many
quarters in the way of suggestions, 1 prepared
a bill, which was printed and sent, 1 might
almost say broadcast, as iar as the limits of
an ordinary edition would permit. It was sent
to men, not of one political party merely, not
to lawyers alone or to laymen alone, but to dif-
ferent. persons, who. by accident or by study,
were supposed to have familiarised themselves
with the subject. Criticisms were invited; hos-
tile criticisms were invited ; and a request was
made that the-bills should be returned with as
many suggestions likely to bcprofitableas might
be. They came back, many of them, and were
reviewed again, first by a portion ot the Judi-
ciary Committee, and adopting such and reject-
ing such as it was thought wise. A bill was
compiled, or rather revised, in the light of the
material before us.
This bill was again at a later day sent out for
criticism to many persons'in different, parts of
the country, and returned under similar re-
quests, and again the committee profited by
the revision. At the end of this the bill was
reported by the honorable Senator irora New
Jersey, then a member of this body and of the
Judiciary Committee, (Mr. Frelinghuyseti.) It
came up during a late hour of the last night
of the session and was the subject of some
remarks from him who brought it forward;
and there for the want of time it stopped. The
same bill in- substance was introduced at this
session, and referred again to the Committee
on the Judiciary. Other-bills were introduced
here and in the House of Representatives;
and the present bill, reported in the, nature of
a substitute, is the product' of conning and con-
sidering all the bills with all the suggestions to
which I have adverted..
So much firf its history. It intends a-.great
reform, but no such revolution < has been im-
puted to it. Had I time to discuss' its pro-
visions seriatim, I could surely establish two
propositions: first, that no impediment what-
ever is placed in the way of any honest man,
honest enough to value or intelligent enough
to appreciate the rights of American citizen-
ship ; and, second, t,hatit is intended to hedge
about on every side, only so far as is neces-
sary, the rights of those who are in truth enti-
tled to the right which, with American citizens,
is a birthright; that is all.
When the Senatorfrom California can make
an argument to show that adopted citizens
are complimented or their rights promoted by
permitting men who are not citizens at all,
and by permitting other men who, perhaps, are
native born citizens, to trample into the dust
the laws of the land; and not on'y to chcapen,
but to degrade and debauch the elective fran-
chise and the rights upon which it rests, then
he will level a shaft at the heart, of this meas-
ure ; but he can never do it by skirmishing
about upon the verge of party questions, and
making arguments which I must' think are
addressed rather to the galleries and to the
newspapers than to the considerate sense of
this body.
Now, sir, the bill, to begin with, shortens
by six mouths the time which for eighty-one
years has stood as the term of naturalization.
It is true, to be sure, that the certificate of
naturalization does not become operative for
six months after the time that ir, is granted;
but it is true that the period of probation is
shortened by six months, being, by this bill,
fixed at four years and six months in lieu of
five years. Tho certificate of naturalization
being acquired, its taking effect at the end of
six months is absolute and divested of all pos-
sibility of controversy, not even involved in
the chances of life; for though the adopted
citizen may die, the certificate lives and clothes
his family and his descendants with all the
immunities and privileges it confers.
In many States, as we all know, in nearly
all the western States, citizenship and voting
do not depend upon each other; and therein
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mokton] fulls
into a great error, as 1 wish 1 had time to
demonstrate. lie talks about a litigation in
reference to naturalization. Not at, all, sir.
These litigations are to occur in the city of
New York, and not in the city of New York
alone, but in other cities of my own State
where fraudulent naturalization and the use
of fraudulent naturalization papers has become
one of the arts by which elections are carrieil.
In that State the right, to vote and citizenship
being coincident, and it having become a prac-
tice to perpetrate these frauds, there will be
in certain selected cases, for the time being,
litigations, no doubt, over men not entitled io
naturalization ; and then, in a phrase which we
have heard, " the situation will be accepted"
if this scheme succeeds and men find thatitis
not worth while to attempt that in which under
the new provisions they will lkil. Therefore,
let it bo understood that as to the western
States, the State for which my friend from
Missouri speaks, the State of Indiana, the
State of Illinois, and other States, this has no
eli'ect whatever upon the right to vole, we
knowing that men vote in those Status upon
having declared their intentions, and in many
of them without declaring their intentions at,
all. Citizenship is the point, here ; let us come
to that, and lot, me tell the Senate two things
which this bill attempts to do, and the state-
ment of those two will exhaust my time.
In the first place, it withdraws from the State
courts this jurisdiction. Whv ? Because ex-
perience has shown, despite all the encomiums
and glittering generalities which may be pro-
nounced upou the judiciary, that in more cities
than one courts so called—police-courts, marine
courts, any man with a clerk and a-seal,^ pro-
lific as the cities are of such tribunals—are the
fields,- the places of frauds, which "would: dizzy
arithmetic and beggar'all description. I must
not be tempted to go into them. : Now. a sys-
tem must be uniform everywhere ; and the
proposition of the committee; is to withdraw
all the provisions, doubtful as they are in prin-
ciple, as Senators aroond me know, conferring
on State courts the right to do this, and deposit
the jurisdiction within our own power, within
the scope of Federal legislation. If that be
right, upon whom is it to be conferred?
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake]
proposed, first, that the district judges through
the laud should say to this man, to that, toan,
and the other man, "Goand do this business."
Then he thought, there might be some hazard
aboutthat, and he struck out" district jndjjes"
and confined it to the circuit judges. Why,
sir, in every congressional district in tho land
is already an officer selected to perform judi-
cial duties, a lawyer by profession, a man nom-
inated by the Chief Justice of tho United States
upon special recommendations, which he re-
quired to be under the seal of a court or under
oath, proving tho man's professional qualifica-
tions, his moral character, his residence, and
the various things which he said went to mako
up a proper man to exeente the very important
functions conferred upon him under the bank-
rupt law. Here are these men, a judicial staff,
existing in the land, and all of them lawyers.
Tho fifty per cent, clause, as it was called, of the
bankrupt act having been superseded by time,
a largo part of their active duties have passed
away. And yet there they are, each one with a
clerk, as a rule, an office, a well known place of
abode, officers of the United States, alt ready.
The committee thought.it was convenient not to
create a new crop of men, but to take these
men and say, "You, ex officio, are hereby
made commissioners of naturalization ; go you
into every county as often as the need may be
and hold a court there." The honorable
Senator from Indiana did great injustice—
he might have seen jt in this bill—when he
said there was no provision of that sort.ami-1
he suggested it. The provision was expressly
that they should go so often and to so many,
places that nobody eonld be put to inconven-
ience, without a provision requiring t.liem to
go to every county once a year or once in six
months. I have drawn such a provision, and
I will see that it goes into the bill if the Sen-
ate will sustain me. And then, just as near to
every man's door as naturalization is now, to
wit, at the shire town of every county, will be
opened once every six months—and if you say
that is not enough, though 1 think it is, make
once in a shorter time—a court adapted prop-
erly to the execution of this trust and the
administration of this justice according to law.
But we have heard that a notice is to be
drawn which is so complex that a man would
have to be able to calculate aiveclipse in order
to understand it. I wish I had time to stop and
dweliupon thatnoticc. Suffice it, to say that it
is no more complex than theold law. and I- will
relieve my honorable friend from California
by assuring him that for the same reason that
he does not sit down to write out a deed or a
mortgage in manuscript he never wiil be com-
pelled, nor will any of his partisans or clients
be compelled to draw this notice. On the
contrary, it will all appear as a legal blank,
not as hard to fill up as a passport, and not so
hard to fill up as a majority ot' the papers which
these same men, the clerks of the registers in
bankruptcy and the registers themselves, are
called upon to fill up every day.
I see, sir, that the time is out, but I ask leave
before the hammer shall fall to make a single
observation, which, i be!>eve, will take only a
fraction of tho minute, and, perhaps, will act
be counted against me.
In cities of one hundred thousand inhabitants,
and only in those cities-, paperswhieh have been
