1344
TSE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Mr. RANDALL. I yielded ten minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Schu-
maker,] five minutes to the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Dox,] and five minutes to the
gentleman who has just spoken.
The SPEAKER. Each one of the gentle-
men exceeded those limits.
Mr. RANDALL. That was not my fault.
The SPEAKER. They were allowed to
proceed, as the Chair understood, by the con-
sent of the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I do ncit wish to reflect
at all upon the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thought he was
carrying out the wishes of the gentleman's side
of the House.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I shall have to ask
& little additional time.
The SPEAKER. That can only be granted
by unanimous consent.
Mr. ELDRID6E. I wish the House now
to determine that the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Paine] on the other side of the House
•will have an opportunity to &peak for thirty
minutes without its coming out of the time of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall. ]
We extended the time of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bijtler,] and were glad to
hear him, and I hope he will not deny the
gentleman from Wisconsin the opportunity of
speaking for thirty minutes.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to be heard on this
question; but I should not like the House to
extend debate to an unreasonable length for
the purpose of hearing me. If I cannot be
heard without infringing on the understanding
that may have been entered into I should not
like to press for a hearing.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If in order, I would
move that the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paine] have thirty minutes in his own right.
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent.
Mr. BURR. When the debate commenced
the understanding with the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Butler] was that the two hours
and forty minutes allowed for the debate should
be Equally divided, and that although the pre-
vious question came at three o'clock it should
not affect that understanding, but we should
get half of the time after the previous question
was ordered. The other side have occupied
more than one hour and twenty minutes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois[Mr. Burr] is mistaken. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] occupied one
hour. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Randall} was then recognized, and has been
farming out on the other side one hour, of
which twenty minutes remain. I understand
the gentleman proposes now to yield to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 hope unanimous con-
sent will be given to my colleague to speak for
* thirty minutes. The gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Butler] can hardly object to that
after the liberality with which he was himself
treated by the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I submitthis
proposition: that the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Paine] shall occupy thirty minutes,
after which I will call the previous question;
and I will then use the hour which remains as
I shall see proper.
Mr. RANDALL. I want ten minutes myself.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I will yield
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Randall] ten minutes out of the hour 1 will
have.
The SPEAKER. The understanding then
is, that the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paine] shall be recognized for thirty minutes,
after which the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Bptler] will be recognized to move the
previous question, and that out of the hour
which then remains to him he will yield ten
minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Randall.]
Mr. RANDALL. Meanwhile, in my own
right, I enter the following amendment, as a
substitute for the resolutions:
Resolved, That, by reason of the conflicting char-
acter of the testimony in the oonteRted-election case
from the eleventh congressional district of the State
of New York, the seat claimed respectively, as con-
testant and contestee, by Charles H. Van Wyck and
Georgo W. Greene, is hereby declared to be vacant,
and the Speaker is herewith directed to notify the
Governor of said State of such vacancy.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I exceedingly
regret that I should be placed in this predica-
ment, that what little 1 have to say must be
said at the cost of extending beyond the limit
fixed at the commencement of to-day's session
the time devoted to the consideration of this
question by the House. But there seems to be
no alternative. Whatever doubts there may
be enveloping- this case, and certainly there
are very many, there are two points which to
my mind are perfectly clear, which are estab-
lished by the evidence beyond the possibility
of a doubt.
The first point is this, that in this eleventh
congressional district, as in other congressional
districts of the State of New York, in the fall
of 1808, there was an extensive illegal natu-
ralization of voters. That point is made clear
by the evidence in the case beyond the possi-
bility of a successful refutation. It is disclosed
by the proof that a large number, a very large
number of persons were naturalized in that
State in violation of the forms of law. I will
not stop here to particularize the nature of the
irregularities in the mode of naturalization.
They have already been alluded to. I speak
now of technical violations of the law. It is
undoubtedly true also that in very many cases
men were thus illegally naturalized who had
no right to be naturalized at all. I have no
doubt on this point.
It is a conjecture and nothing more, and yet
a conjecture which rests in my own mind upon
such strong grounds that I have no doubt that
a large number of persons were illegally natu-
ralized ia the State of New York in the fall
of 1868^ who had no right to be naturalized
at all, either with or without the formalities
prescribed by law. But, sir, the proof does not
show positively and clearly that any large num-
ber of men were naturalized in this or any other
district who had not a right to be naturalized.
The proof does show that many were natural-
ized in violation of the forms of law ; and
perhaps the presumption ought to be in many
cases that such persons were not entitled to
legal naturalization.
But it iB a little remarkable that in one case
in which there is incidental proof on this point,
and I believe it is the only case in which proof
of any kind is offered on this subject, the evi-
dence shows that out of thirteen persons name d
and alleged to have been irregularly natural-
ized, twelve were persons whose condition en-
titled them to be naturalized, persons whose
naturalization would have been perfect if the
forms of law had been complied with by the
officers of the law.
There is also another point in this case which
is clear beyond a doubt, and that is that in
two at least of these precincts the irregularity
at the polls, the disregard of law on the part
of the officers of the election was so gross, so
outrageous, that the returns of the election
officers furnish no reliable expression of the
will of the voters. So far the case is clear
enough. But, sir, when I go further, when I
undertake to trace to the ballot-box the votes
which were cast upon these illegal naturaliza-
tion papers, I am utterly unable to find satis-
factory proof that enough were cast for Mr.
Greene to destroy the majority which was given
to him by the official return in this case. Pres-
ently, if I have time, I will state what my con-
clusions are in regard to those two precincts in
which the election laws were so scandalously
violated.
I now ask the attention of the House to the
proof in regard to these votes alleged to have
been cast by men who had been naturalized in
violation of the forms of law. I will refer to
the report of the committee to ascertain the
number of such votes which must be found in
order to destroy the official majority of Mr.
Greene. The official majority reported by the
Committee of Elections in favor of the sitting
member is 323. It is alleged that there were
496 votes illegally cast for the sitting member.
It is alleged that 34 illegal votes were cast for
the contestant. Deducting the 34 cast for the
contestant from the 496 cast for the sitting
member, leaves462. Subtracting Mr. Greene's
official majority from 462, the committee find
that the majority of the contestant is 139. The
committee then find that 139 was the contest-
ant's real majority. This is a matter of arith-
metic. Upon page 10 of the report of the
committee is given a table of the precincts, in
which the committee tind that illegal votes were
cast for Mr. Greene, with the number cast in
each. They are added up, and the entire ille-
gal vote cast for the sitting member is shown
to be 496, as I have stated.
Now, let us look at the separate precincts.
Let us begin with the very first on the list.
The illegal votes found by the committee to
have been cast in the first ward of Newburg
is 140. It will be seen that that vote alone
exceeds the majority found for the contestant,
and may be decisive of the case. Now, what
is the proof respecting this precinct? It is two-
fold in its character. An attempt is made to
show, in the first place, that a certain number
of persons voted in the first ward of Newburg
who were non-residents and were not entitled
to vote there ; and, in the second place, that a
certain number of other persons voted there
who had been illegally naturalized. I call the
attention of the House to the proof on these
two points, for on this proof, and on similar
proof in other precincts the fate of this case
hangs. And if you can look at that proof and
find in it any satisfactory reason for rejecting
140 votes returned for Mr. Greene, you will be
more fortunate than I have been. If you do
not strike out these 140 votes, then whatever
you may do in the other precincts, you cannot
place Mr. Yan Wyck in this contested seat.
I now turn to the proof. It commences on
page 48 of the printed case. 1 will read, in the
first place, all the proof that tends to show
that certain persons voted in the first ward of
Newburg at this election, and voted for Mr.
Greene, who were not.residents ofthe precincts
where they voted. And mind you, it is not
sufficient on this point to prove that certain
persons voted who were not residents of the
precincts; it must also be shown that they voted
for Mr. Greene, the sitting member. I shall
not have time to comment upon particular
features of the evidence, but will read the
testimony to the House, and ask gentlemen
to listen to it. I read from the testimony of
Jesse Merritt:
"Question. Have you and the gentlemen above
named, on last election and since, been investigat-
ing with the view of finding ont illegal votes ?
"Answer. We have.
"Question. Have yon, Mr. Spear, Barr, McCord,
and Noble, and others in said ward, ascertained the
number of the votes referred to in that ward ?
"Answer. A part of them.
"Question. About how many?
"Answer. We found one hundred and ten.
"Question. Were these men challenged?
"Answer. They were.
"Question. By whom ?
"Answer. By me.
"Question. Were these men Democrats and voted
the Democratic ticket?
"Answer. Yes.sir; as near as I could tell.
"Question. Have you a list of some of the men so
voting ?
"Answer. We had.
"Question. Please produce it.
"Answer. List produced; filed, marked 'A. D. W.
Rand, notary pubiio; February 26,1809."'
Now look at the cross-examination of this
witness in regard to this particular class of
illegal voters. I refer to those who voted for
Mr. Greene in this ward who were not resi-
dents of the precinct where they voted:
" Question. Where did you first gee that paper?
(Paper marked ' A' shown witness.)
