3232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GEOBE;
May 4,
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 46, noes 78.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the motion
of M r. Brooks, of New York, to strike out the
proviso; and being taken, it was not agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have been instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to move to
insert immediately after thepending'paragraph
the following:
On crinoline, corset, and hat steel, commercially
known as wire, whether covered withoottonorother'
textile material, or not ootered,9 cents per pound
and 10 per cent, ad valorem.
Here is an opportunity for gentlemen to dis-
tinguish themselves. I am very sorry that my
friend from New York, who has put in print a
very eloquent speech on corsets, but- which I
am told he did not actually deliver, had not
reserved himself till now.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That is not
the fact.
Mr. SCHENCK. I refer to the other gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is thisamendment debat-
ab'e?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not; debate has
been closed on this paragraph.
Mr. SCHENCK. My amendment is a new
paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. No amendment can be
received and considered except as an amend-
ment to the pending paragraph, subject to all"
the incidents and conditions of that paragraph
The qnestion was on the amendment moved
by Mr. Schexck.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is it debat-
able ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I withdraw it if I
cannot explain it.
Mr. ELD RIDGE- If in order, I should like
to have the gentleman fri>m New York [Mr.
Cox] repeat the speech to which the gentle-
man from Ohio has referred.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no question
before the committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
On steel railway frogs, frog-points, flah-bars, side-
bar.*. splice-bars,cutter-bars,finger-bars, crow-bars,
and sledge molds, 3* cents per pound.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out 3J-
and insert 2^ cents per pound.' I do not desire
to occupy any time in discussing the amend-
ment. Most of the articles are composed of
the lowest grade of steel. Indeed, most of
them are composed of steel known as Bessemer
steel. There is very little manufacture about
them. They are generally molds. Therefore,
inasmuch as these enter into general use the
rate is too high. The existing rate is 45 per
cent, ad valorem on this class of articles. 1 wo
and a half cents per pound is as high & rate of
duty as thes£ articles ought to bear.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes t>2, noes 50.
Mr. NEGLEY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chairman
appointed Mr. Negley and Mr. Allison.
- The committee' again divided; and tiie tell-
ers reported—ayes 65, noes 58.
So the amendmeut was agreed to. '
The Cierk read as follows r
On steel car wheels, 31 cents per pound.: '
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend that
paragraph so as to make it 2| cents per pound.
I do not intend to make any extended remarks
on this amendment, as the subject .by this time
mast bethoroughly understood by the commit-
tee. But I will say, while we are proposing
to some extent to protect the steel manufac-
turing interest in this country, let us not forged
the transportation interests' of the country, or,
in other words, let us remember the great
interest the producers have in cheap transport-
ation for bringing western products to markiet.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted. I see n© good reason for
it. We have fixed the dutyon. steel in several
shapes at 8 cents a pound, atid we ougM not to
reduce the duty as proposed by the gentleman
from Illinois on steel car wheels; for their
manufacture is more expensive, requiring a
more advanced kind of labor. The duty ought
not to be seduced on the mere suggestion of
any gentleman who may get up- here.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman in-
form the House whether it costs any more per
pound to make a steel car wheel than to make
steel railway bars?
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly.
Mr. INGERSOLL. How much—I want a
specific answer—how much more ?
Mr. MAYNARD. This is steel of a higher
grade, requiring a superior quality of skilled
labor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to amend the
amendment to make it 1 cent higher. There
are some curious things developed in the course
of a debate of this kind; and one is the eager
desire, of gentlemen to protect the poor peo-
ple, the mass of the citizens of the country in
the enjoyment of cheap commodities. One
would- think that men, women, and children
went about with car wheels in their pockets,
and with steel railway frogs, fish-bars, cutter-
bars, crow-bars, and sledge molds. Now, what
does it all mean? You must break down the
manufactories . which are monopolies. For
whose benefit? Not that the people may get
car wheels, and frog-points, and steel railway
bars; but that great railway corporations shall
get them cheaper. What does the gentleman
say? Ah, says he, but they will get the ben-'
efit of it in cheaper transportation. Not-a bit
of it. That argument will not apply to manu-
factories. Where you have one manufactory
you we perfectly free to build another man-
ufactory . alongside of it. Where you have
one railroad line, everybody is not allowed to
build a competing railroad line alongside of it.
From one class of corporations, with whom
everybody can compete, you are to legislate in
such way as totake all protection in order, not
to give-it to the people, but to give it to another
class of corporations which are protected, be-
cause you cannot build alongside them com-
peting lines of competing corporations. If I
believed this thing was going to cheapen trans-
portation to the people, I conld understand it.
I can understand how, where you havea manu-
factory established, of steel car wheels, for
instance, which is profitable, other manufacto-
ries will be established, and they will continue
to grow until car wheels are brought down to
the. cheapest possible rate.
Bat it is not so with railways. They are
under special charter. They occupy particu-
lar ground and monopolize that ground, and
there is a limit to the competition with them.
And the oonseduence is that there is no power
morestrong, monopolizing, and tyrannical over
the people of this country and their interests
than is to he found in this great railway con-
nection. See how it operates through our
oouatry everywhere. There is a great railway
line running through my district. Right along-
side this*railroad line there are mills and ware-
houses filled with' flour, which the owners want
to send to New York. They have to send it
back twenty or thirty miles to Cincinnati in
order to bare it taken as through freight, and
then have it brought back past their mills in
Order, to.reach-New York. They find it cheaper
to do that than to ship it at their own mills.
Why? Because these great railway companies
in this matter of transportation not being com-
peted with, as manufacturers are, can hold the
wholo thing in their hands to put whatever,
rates of transportation they please on the pro-
ducts which the people of the country desire to
send to market. I marvel very much, as I said
the.other day, when -I see a man interested in
banks qnite willing to see manufactures broken
down, but he rallies to the rfescue if you touch
banks in any way. In like manner a man who
is interested in railroads can see no monopoly
there, no exercise of a great tyrannical power,
and, though he allows the manufactures of the
country to be attacked, will rally to the rescue
in favor of railroadsand railroad corporations.
Now, as regards this matter of the production
of railway car wheels, 1 will only say that
everybody is at liberty to make them, and if
they are too high in price they will bo brought
down by competition. But so far as railroads
areconcerned they occupy very peculiar ground,
because there is no open competition as to
them. And this amendment is simply, though
I am sure not so intended by my triend from
Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoll,] to legislate against
the manufacturer of the car wheels in favor of
the railroad corporations.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I have taken
no part in this debate up to the present time.
I do not wish to take the part of the demagogue
which the gentleman from Ohio assumes to be
the part taken by some gentlemen on this floor.
I am interested, and so are my constituents,
in the building of railways. What has been
said by the gentleman who has just taken his
seat may have some truth and some application
as regards certain localities; but it has no par-
ticular application so far as my section of the
country is concerned. When we wish to build
a railroad in our section of the country all the
inhabitants along the line of the road subscribe
according to the extent of their ability. Then
we obtain the corporate liability of all the
townB whose interests are to be served by the
railroad, and then we get assistance from the
Legislature. And we find it hard to build a
railroad when all interests, all parties, and all
kinds of capital cooperate to that end.
In the State of Maine—and I speak of that
State because I know more about it than of
any other locality—we have built roads, and
we are undertaking to build more roads. This
must be done by the farmer, by the poor man,
by the middle-man, and by all kinds of men;
and it is almost a death struggle to accomplish
it. Well, sir, in the construction of our rail-
roads we want to get everything as cheap as
we possibly can obtain it. But at the same
time, while our interest lies in that direction, I
want to give in the raising of revenue a pro-
tection, an ample protection to the iron inter-
est and to all the other interests in the United
States. I have sat here patiently and candidly
listening to the statements and arguments of
gentlemen on both sides, in order, if possible,
to find out where tbe truth lies, so that 1 may
act accordingly when called upon to giveavote.
Well, now, in the previous paragraph we
have struck down the duty on steel railway
frogs, &c., from 3J- cents to 2k cents a pound,
and the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,]
a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, stated that that was higher than the
present rate of duty. No member of the Com-
n '.ttee of Ways and Means and no other gen-
t jman denied that, and therefore I voted for
the amendment, believing that a tariff which
was put on iron and steel in the middle of the
war is a sufficiently protective tariff at this
time. When we come to this item of steel car
wheels the same rate of reduction would be
from 3J cents to 2f cents, which, I believe, is
the amendment moved by the gentleman from
Iowa. If cents is as high as the present
rate of tariff I will vote for no higher rate. If
it is not as high as the present tariff I will vote
for a higher rate. That is my position on this
question. .
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I renew it. Tha argu-
ment put forward by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is certainly a very
singular one. He is in favor of promoting the
construction of railroads, and seems to talk in
favor of competing lines, and yet be insists that
cheap iron, cheap rails, cheap car wheels, and
everything else that enters into the construc-
tion of railroads will have no tendency to create
competing lines. That is a strange argument.
It might possibly apply to some of the old
