2288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
almost every question on which we vote we are
compelled to rely for the facts of the case, and
mainly for the argument of the case, on the
committees that have examined those ques-
tions specially and particularly and made their
recommendations to the Senate. We are com-
pelled to rely on them because the whole Sen-
ate cannot do it; and now we are asked to say
that this duty which is thus performed by a
committee, and which generally decides the
action of the Senate, shall be performed, not
by a committee of the House of Representa-
tives for that Houss, not by^a committee of
the Senate for the Senate, but by a joint com-
mittee of the two Houses. You might just as
well merge the two Houses in one, and have
one Chamber instead of two.
That is my objection to it; and therefore
some extraordinary reason should exist for
the appointment of a joint committee. If the
two Houses disagree, then parliamentary law
and the rules of the Houses provide what shall
be done. Then you can have a committee of
conference; then the conflicting opinions of
the two Houses can be reconciled by the action
of a committee of conference; but that is a
thing to bo done in the last resort; that is a
measure of the last resort; that is to be only
done and ought only to be done when each
House has considered for itself the measure
which is pending, and has expressed its own
judgment upon it. In that event, and when
the judgments of the two Houses are found to
be irreconcilable, then, and then only, ought
there to bo a committee of conference to see
whether these different judgments of the two
Chambers cannot be reconciled in some way
that has not yet been pointed out. That is the
only proper joint committee there can be, with
the exception, perhaps, of a joint committee
on the expenses of the two Houses or upon
printing, or some matter of minor detail like
that. But upon questions of great public pol-
icy, upon questions that require the most thor-
ough consideration, which require the greatest
deliberation, and which each Chamber ought
to consider, ought to deliberate, and ought to
decide upon for itself, to say that you will have
them referred to a joint committee is simply to"
say that you will have one Chamber instead of
having two. How are you to get the opinions
of the Senate if they are to be overruled or
modified by the action of this joint committee
reporting the same thing in the Senate and the
same thing in the House of Representatives?
That is not the idea of the Constitution; that
is not the idea upon which Congress is formed.
It is directly the opposite of that idea. Of all
bodies in the Government, that body which
ought to adhere most stringeutly, not only to
the sepafition of the two Chambers, as provided
in the Constitution, but to the separate action
of the two Chambers, their separate existence,
their separate deliberation, is the Senate of
the United States. The Senate represents the
States. Each State is entitled to two Senators.
Each State stands on a perfect footing of equal-
ity with every other State in the Senate. There
is that peculiar feature in favor of the States.
So faras my own State is concerned, her inter-
est might be otherwise, being one of the large
States, but I do not wish to see it otherwise
than it is, and I recognize, therefore, the equal
right on the floor of this Senate of the smallest
State in the Union with the greatest State in
the Union. I say, therefore, that of all bodies
in the Government the Senate ought to be the
last one to give up its separate autonomy in
the consideration, deliberation, and decision
of public questions.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will allow
ine I will ask whether he considers that this
resolution provides for a standing committee
of the two Houses?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not care whether it
is a standing committee or a sitting committee,
whether it is to stand one day or to stand a
thousand.
Mr. POMEROY. My point is, whether it
is a standing committee ora special committee,
appointed for a given purpose and for a given
date?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not care which it is ;
it does not change the argument a bit. It is
just as bad for a special purpose as if it were
to be a standing committee. The thing is to
be determined by the subject-matter which is to
be considered by the committee. If that is of
a public nature, if it is a great public question,
you have no business with any joint committee,
unless it be a committee of conference. That
is my objection to it. Whether it be spccial or
whether it be standing it destroys the very idea
upon which Congress is constituted. Instead
of separate deliberations, instead of separate
investigations of fact, instead of separate de-
cisions, you put it all into one joint body of
the two Houses.
And here I cannot impress too strongly upon
Senators what I have already said, that nine
tenths of the measures we vote upon we are
compelled to vote upon according to the reports
of our committees, because the individual
members of the Senate have no time to inves-
tigate them, and we must depend upon our
committees. Let the Senate have its own com-
mittees, appointed by itself, to investigate the
facts, to report their judgment to the Senate,
and let the Senate act by itself; and if the Senate
and the House canuot agree, then there may
be a committee of conference.
These arc the general objections that I have
to the appointment of this or any other joint
committee upon a public question, whether it
be a standing or a special committee. But I
have other objections to this committee. I do
not like its appearance at all. Without know-
ing or asserting anything of ray own knowl-
edge, I think I see in it a disposition to make
our Indian policy entirely subservient to cer-
tain railroad companies in this country, exist-
ing and proposed for existence ; railroad com-
panies that are coveting land that has belonged
to the Indians for a third of a century ; land
which this Government is plighted by its most
solemn faith and honor to secure to them as
long as they have an existence. I think I see in
the proposition to form this committee a prop-
osition to plunder those Indians of that which
the most sacred plighted faith of the nation
ought to secure to them. I think I see in it a
great land-grabbing scheme from the beginning
to the end. I think I see in it the violation
of treaties most solemnly formed, and sanc-
tioned by this Government for more than the
third of a ceutury. These may be vain ima-
ginations of mine ; they may bo undue suspi-
cions ; but I do not like the appearance of the
thing, and I prefer to go on in the ancient and
orderly mode of procedure of the Senate of
the United States, acting with its own com-
mittees and deciding for itself.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
the framers of our Constitution must have been
very great fools, and we ought to change it
and have only one body, if the sentiment is
correct now that we oughtnot to have anything
but joint committees on such subjects as this.
Since we have added the two wings to the
Capitol we have scarcely room for the addi-
tional committees that we have made since
their construction, and are now absolutely in-
conveniently crowded. We have not sufficient
room even with these large additions for the
present number of committees that have been
proposed from time to time and have been
added in the two Houses ; and yet itis proposed
now to add this other one, and as I conceive,
in accordance with the argument suggested by
the Senator from Ohio, one that we can the
least afford to establish.
Sir, there are no questions coming before
this body that ought to be more carefully
scrutinized than the questions in relation to
Indian-affairs. Ever since the foundation of
the Government it has been a public scandal
and reproach that all of our Indian agents have
grown fat out of the jobs of the Indian agencies.
Mr. STEWART. Is that a reason why we
should not have the subject examined to see
if there is any remedy?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I_ prefer to
have all measures in relation to Indian affairs
scrutinized by an independent Senate com-
mittee. I do not like to have my friend from
Iowa [Mr. Haklan] with his kind heart swal
lowed up by any aggressive agency from the
House. I prefer, as far as I understand it,,
the policy of the Senate to that of the House.
It is more humane and more economical. At
the present moment the Executive and the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs are talcing un-
usual pains and praiseworthy means to invest-
igate this subject; and at the present moment,
if any one will run over the catalogue of meas-
ures that are now pending in both Houses in
one shape or another, I must say that I think
he will have, his suspicions aroused that there
may be parties outside of the Senate Chamber
who have certain jobs that they desire to en-
gineer, and who may think they can engineer
by dodging the ordeal of two committees. I
do not know the fact to be so, but I"know that
a large amount of money and of lands are at
stake, and I prefer that any question in rela-
tion to Indian affairs, involving the remnants
of this race and all their patrimony shall un-
dergo the most rigid scrutiny. How often is
it that a bill comes from the other House which
upon an investigation by a committee here it
is found would be preposterous to pass ; or
which, if passed, would inflict an amount of
injustice that would not bo consented to by
the Senate? A revision in any ease can do
no harm, and in some cases may be of the
highest consequence.
I trust, therefore, that this resolution, even
as amended, will be defeated. We have had
enough of these investigating peripatetic com-
mittees sending for persons and papers, and
for one I am heartily sick of them.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, in justice
to the Committee on Indian Affairs I wislmo
say one word. Our friend from Ohio and om
friend from Vermont seem to think that in tiu
proposition for the appointment of this jou.,
committee there is some job, some scheme,
something to defraud the Government of the
United States, or the Indians out of their right
to their lands. I understand that the propo-
sition for a joint committee is simply that the
two Houses may be able to determine upon
some system that shall be pursued steadily with
reference to the Indians ; that we may know
what we are to do, whether we are still to pur-
sue the system of treaties, or whether we are
to abolish the treaty system and establish a
system of supporting the Indians by an annual
appropriation without any treaty stipulations.
For myself, I believe that the old treaty
system is the best that lias ever been devised".
That system defines what the Indians are to
have annually. They know as well as the
white people do what the stipulations of those
treaties are ; and if we fulfill those treaty
stipulations that will prevent Indian outbreaks
and Indian wars.
Two years ago we sent out a commission by
authority of Congress, who negotiated treaties
witfi the Indians providing that certain sums
of money should be paid to those Indians. The
House ot ^ Representatives refused to make
appropriations in accordance with those treat-
ies, but they made some annual appropriations.
It we are to submit entirely to the other House
in this matter and allow theni to make just
such appropriations as they choose, if we are
not to stand upon our dignity and say, " We
will carry out these treaties and you must make
appropriations in accordance therewith, or else
we shall have Indian wars,n then there is no
necessity for the appointment of this joint com-
mittee. But if by appointing this joint com-
mittee we can come to an understanding with
the House that it is better to carry out the
treaty stipulations and pay the Indians annui-
ties as we did formerly, I believe it may be of
