1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5121
issued since the 4th of July, 1868; that period
during which the flood-gates of fraud have been
hoisted ; that period during which papers have
been dipped in the coffee-pot to make them old,
although they were issued to-day; that period
within which papers which have been emitted
in the city of New York have been voted upon
in all the river counties as far as the Hudson
is navigable in hundreds of thousands of in-
stances, as everybody knows; papers which
have been issued during that time in cities hav-
ing a population of more than one hundred
thousand, where these frauds have been more
invisible and past detection than other places,
are, in a continental phrase, to \>e vised, as
some members who will hear me have, perhaps,
had their passports vis6d. Those who want
to use them must come up and produce them
before the nearest commissioner, and if it is
required put themselves under oath and state
that they were issued or received by them on
the day when they bear date ; and unless there
is something appearing affirmatively against
them they are to be marked j'approved," so
as to have a fresh stamp of vitality. That is
all, excepting that hereafter papers used as a
basis of voting when an inspector of election
looks at them are to be stamped, in addition
to the other things he is now required to do by
law.
I wish I might continue, but I will not ask
leave to doso. ['• Go on!1'" Go on!"] 1 do
not want to do so, if I may be allowed simply
to utter one sentence. In the judgment of the
committee, after having drawn to its aid all the
counsel which it knew the place to apply for,
this is the mildest and the least of all effectual
remedies which the committee can suggest;
and they feel quite sure that whatever its other
defects may be, it puts no impediment in the
way of any man who honestly wishes to cast in
his lot with us, that it does nothing except to
purify the process of naturalization, and in that
way to render more assured, to appreciate, to
set a now value upon the rights ot American
citizenship and the guards which ought to sur-
round those rights.
Now, if the Senate will stand by the com-
mittee and adopt this substitute, with one or
two suggestions that will be made, and the one
introduced by the Senator from Indiana, if then
the House of Representatives does not concur
in this bill, it is to he hoped that a conference
committee may be able to spell out of the two
bills some useful measure.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Drake.]
Mr. DRAKE. I will send another copy of
that amendment, with some manuscript amend-
ments in it, as a substitute lor the one I offered
before.
The amendment of Mr. Dkake, as modified,
is to strike out the first, second, third, fourth,
and fifth sections of the substitute of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and in lieu thereof to
insert:
That 110 court of any State shall have power to do
any act heretofore authorized to be done by any such
court in connection with the final steps in the ad-
mission of aliens to citizenship ; but atter this act
gocsinto full effect aliens shall be admitted to citi-
zenship only by circuit or district courts of the uni-
ted States, or by the suprome and district courts
of the Territories of the United States, or by the
supreme court of the District of Columbia. _
&FC. 2. And be it further atiacted, .fhatcach. circuit
court of the United States, and each supreme court
of a Territory of the United States, andthesupremo
court of the District of Columbia, shall appoint m
each county of the State, Territory, or District over
which its jurisdiction extends, one or more com-
missioners of naturalization, resident at the county
seat of the county for which he or they shall be ap-
pointed, but the number in any county shall not
o\-cced four. Every such commissioner shall be a
citizen of tho United States,andshall takesueh oaths
of office as the Constitution and laws thereof require
of other civil officers of the United States; and no
person holding the oflice of clerk of any United
States court, or marshal of any district, shall hold
said office of commissioner; and every person so
appointed may be removed from ofiico by the court
which appointed him, or by the judge or judges
41st Cong, 2d Sess.—No. 321.
thereof in vacation; and every sueh commissioner
shall have power to administer all oaths to applicants
for naturalization, and to witnesses authorized by
law in connection with tho admission of aliens to
citizenship; and the courts hereinbefore authorized
to appoint such commissioners may makerule3 and
regulations for the government of commissioners
appointed by them as aforesaid.
■Skc. 3. And be it further enacted. That any person
desiring to take the final steps prescribed by law for
admission to citizenship, shall appear before a com-
missioner of naturalization in the county of such
party's residence, ancl make before him the proofs so
prescribed to entitle him thereto; which proofs shall
be reduced to writing by, or in the presence of, the
commissioner, and sworn to and subscribed by the
witnesses before him; and if it appear to him that tho
evidence is sufficient to entitle tho party to such
admission, he shall cause such party to take and sub-
scribe the oath prescribed by law in such oases; and
upon the payment by such party to him of the sum
of three dollars, he shall transmit to the clerk of the
court by which ho was appointed, or to tho clerk of
the district court of the United States, within whose
territorial jurisdiction the county of such commis-
sioner's residence is situated, tho oath of the appli-
cant and the affidavits of the witnesses, together with
two dollars of tho sum so paid to him; and the said
clerk shall, on the first day of any session thereafter
of the court of which he is clerk, lay before the same
sueh oath and affidavits; and the said court'shall
thereupon cause the same to be examined by a com-
petent and suitable person appointed by the court for
that purpose, who shall not be the clerk of such court,
or his deputy or employe ; and if he shall report in
writing to the court that the party appears there-
from to have taken all the steps and made all the
proofs required by law to entitle him to such admis-
sion, and if the court shall approve such report, the
court shall thereupon render a judgment of natur-
alization in favor of such party, to relate back to, and
take effect upon, the day when ho took said oath;
and the said clerk shall cause a duly certified copy
of such judgment under the seal of the court to be
delivered to the party admitted to citizenship, which
copy shall be tho only evidence of his having been
so admitted; and no additional copy thoreof shall
be given to such party, or any other person, except
upon proof made to the satisfaction of the court that
the first copy was lost or destroyed. Of the two dol-
lars transmitted to the clerk as aforesaid, the clerk
shall bo entitled to one dollar, in full compensation
for all his services under this act, and tho person ap-
pointed to examine the papers returned by tho com-
missioner shall be entitled to one dollar in full, for
his services under this act.
Seo. 4. And be it further enacted, That if any such
commissioner shall transmit to any such clerk any
false or forged oaths of the description authorized by
this actor by any other aet touching naturalization, he
shall, on conviction thoreof.be punished by fine not
exceeding $5,000, or by imprisonment not loss than
two years nor more than fivo years, or by both such
fino and imprisonment.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That in all cases
where any oath, affirmation, or affidavit shall be
made or taken underor by virtue of this act, and any
person or persons taking or making such oath, affirm-
ation, or affidavit, shall knowingly swear or affirm
falsely, the same shall be deemed and taken to bo
perjury; and the person or persons guilty thereof
shall, upon conviction thereof, bo sentenced to im-
prisonment for a term not exceeding five years and
not less than ono year, and to a fine not exceeding
$1,000, or by both such fino and imprisonment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand that the re-
port of the committee is an amendment to the
House bill. Is not the first question oti adopt-
ing the amendment of the committee?
ThePRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the committee i3 open to amendment,
and, by the general understanding of the Sen-
ate, to amendments in the second degree, being
regarded as an original bill.
Mr. HARLAN. The precise object of my
inquiry is this: I desire to vote against the
amendment proposed by tho committee and for
the House bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator will have the opportunity to do that after
the amendment of the committee has been
perfected.
Mr. THURMAN. The question now is on
adopting the amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary?
Mr. CONKLING-. It is, after amendments
shall have been offered to that. I have an
amendment—a verbal amendment—to strike
oat on page 22, lines three and four of the
twelfth section, tho words "or district." The
clause now is:
It shall bo tho dntv of the judge of tho circuit or
district court of the United States for tho circuit or
i district, <&c.
The words " or district" being stricken out
it will read;
It shall be the duty ofthejudze of the eireuit court
of the United States wherein said city shall be, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to propose an amend-
ment to section three. I move to strike out all
after the words "shall require," in line three,
down to the word "citizen" in the ninth line,
as follows:
Tho oath of tho applicant that he has resided four
years and six months in the United States, and within
the State or Territory whore sueh application is
made at least one year next prior thereto, and shall
also require thereto tho testimony of at least one
other witness who knows the said facts and who is
a citizen.
And in lieu thereof to insert
Satisfactory proof that tho applicant has resided
continuously for two years and six months in the
United States, and within the State, Territory, or
district where sueh application is made at least one
year, and is a man of good moral character, and has
been obedient to the laws of the United States, that
he has given due notice of his intention to become a
citizen at least two years before applying for such
admission.
Mr. MORTON. Is the whole term by that
two years ?
Mr. HOWE. Two and a half years' residence
before the application for admission, and then
six months for it to take effect, making it three
years altogether.
The question being put on the amendment to
the amendment, it was declared to be rejected.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
["Oh, no.'"] Atthe request of friends around
me, I withdraw the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STOCKTON. I renew the call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CONKLING. I will offer another
amendment in substance like that which the
Senator from Indiana suggested. On page 0,
at tho end of line thirty-six of the first section,
I move to add these words, "and one such
session shall be held in each county as often as
once in six months." It relates to the holding
of sessions by the commissioners ex officio, the
registers, requiring them to go into every county
as often as once in six months.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a new section, which
has already been reported upon favorably by
tho Judiciary Committee:
And be it further enacted, That all acts of Congress
relating to naturalization be, and, the same aro
hereby, amended by striking out the word "white"
wherever it occurs, so that in naturalization there
shall be no distinction of race or color.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to inquire if this
is an amendment to the House bill, or to the
amendment of the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I move it now to the amend-
ment of the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts 
Mr. SUMNER. Is that in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is; be-
cause by unanimous consent it was agreed
that the substitute reported by the committee
should bo regarded as an original bill and
amendable in the second degree. The amend-
ment to the amendment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is to insert at the end
of the proposed amendment the following:
But this act shall not be construed to authorize the
naturalization of persons born in the Chinese empire.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is oil the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon to the amendment.
The question being put, the ayes were thir-
teen.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is a fur-
ther count demanded?
Mr. STEWART. I wish to state right
here 
