1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1345
"Answer. "Within a week or ten days. I helped
make it out. I don't mean to say I helped write
tli it !ist: 1 helped get it up.
Question. Who besides you helped get it up, and
k'u-ic was it got up?
■'.1 Mr. Allard and Mr. 13arr. I think Mr.
NVole was there; am not certain though; and my-
Ju:. It was m the couiiuon council room here.
L "'Question. Tell us how you got it up.
"Answer. We bad a list trom last fall, and we took
that and compared it with the poll-list to see whether
they had voted or not, and we picked out the names
auu copied them in here, from the poll-list and the
ii-t we h id.
Is that the labor you have spoken of in
ascci[.lining who wore illegal voters'?
"Aiwwtr. Only one part of it; that is a part of it.
"Question. What else have you done to ascertain
whether these men were illegal voters ?
"Aiiswer. I have looked around and inquired a
"Question. What is this a list of?
"Anncer. It is alist ol what we consider the illegal
voters in the first ward last fall—the illegal voters or
apart of them; I do not consider that all of them.'>
Xow, what is the proof in regard to the non-
residence of these men ?
"Question. Why did you consider them illegal
voters ?
"Answer. From my understanding of the law they
were non-residents, and I considered them not legally
naturalized.
"Question, (list handed to witness.) How many
on mac list were not residents of that ward when the
regi.-ter was made'! name tliem.
"Answer. John Ooyie, Thomas Cosgrovo, David
lV. fthaw, Xiiomas Lynch, Thomas Grace ; there arc
others mere, but I cannot name them now. I named
ail that I can pick out at present."
He has named live. He afterward names
Thomas Dale, making six.
" Question. Do you swear that the five persons
named by you were not legal residents of that ward
at the time the election was held?
"Answer. Yes.
" Question. Were there any other on that list that
you nave named ?
" Ansicer. Yes; I cannot name them at present.
When that was made out I had a list that was made
list tail that was fresh in my mind; that was made
tugaher with other persons.
" Question. Can you name any other persons on
that list who were not legal voters at last fall elec-
tion ?
"Answer. Yes, Thomas Dale."
That was the sixth man.
" Question. Any other?
" Ansicer. That's all I can name at present.
"(Question. Ifow long had John (Joyle resided in
that district?
"Ansicer. I don't know.
"Question. Ilow long had Thomas Cosgrove resided
in that ward ?
"Answer. 1 don't know.
"Question. How long had David W. Shaw resided
in that ward before election ?
"Answer. About two weeks.
"Question. AVhere did he come from?
" Answer. It was said he eame from England.
"Question. Where did he live?
"Answer. South Water street.
" Question. Docs he live there now ?
"Answer. Yes, I think so.
" Question. Did he vote last fall?
"Answer. Yes.
" Question. Is he an Englishman, or what is he?
"Answer. Ko, he is a native American.
"Question. Then, he had only been absent on a
journey ?
"Answer. I don't know; his father said he had
been away fifteen years.
"Question. Did his father reside in that ward last
year ?
"Answer. lie was living there last fall.
"Question. Is David W. Shaw a single man ?
"Answer. I don't know.
"Question. How long had his father lived in that
ward'!
^ Answer. It may be two years at the last time.
, "Question. You swear the son, David W., was an
illegal voter ?
"Answer. In my judgment he was."
This is the strongest case that is made out.
Of the six there is no other case so strong as
that of David VY\ Shaw.
" Question. How long had Thomas Lynch resided
there V
" Answer He never had a legal residence there.
'Question, llowiong had heresrided there, whether
it was a legal or illega residence?
^Answer. I don't know.
(i Question. Why was his residence there not legal ?
Answer. Because he had a residence atPortEwen
or in that vicinity, lie was a canal boatman, or
worked about the dock there.
Question, flow do you know he had a residence
at Fun Kwen or .somewhere in that neighborhood ?
did I r™6'' ^ n°t' 'ill0W" no'' swear to that,
After having declared that Thomas Lynch
had no legal residence there, but had a resi-
dence at Port Ewen, in answer to the very next
41st Cong. 2d Sess.— No, 85,
question he denies that he made such declara-
tion, and admits his want of knowledge on the
subject:
" Question. Did you know whether he was a mar-
ried or .i single man ?
"Answer. o.
" Question. And you do notknow how long he had
been in this ward ?
"Answer. Not positively.
Question. Anu y ut yo u s wear he is an illegal voter?
"Answer. To the bestof my knowledge; ycs; sir.
" Question. How long had Thomas Urace resided in
that ward 011 last election day V
"Answer, lie had been working there about three
months.
" Question. Can you state what month, or what'
day ot the month he came there?
"Answer. No, sir.
" Question. It might have been four months, and
it might have been more, and it migtit have been
less, might it not ?
"Answer. Yes; I would not say it was not four
months.
" Question. Doyouknow whether ho was amarried
or unmarried mail?
"Answer, i do not.
" Question. Do you know where he had resided pre-
vious to coming to this ward ?
"Answer. No, sir; not positive.
"Question. You swear you believe him to be an
illegal voter?
"Answer. Y'es, sir."
I will not read his testimony respecting the
other two non-residents, it is like that which
I have just read. There is no proof in regard
to the non-residence of these six men beyond
the testimony of this witness, and he says he
knows more about those than about any of
the others. Sir, can such testimony as this
be accepted as reasonable proof of the non-
residence of seventy voters, more or less ? It
is said that certain persons named in list B
had not been lawfully naturalized, but never-
theless had voted at this precinct. Now, what
' is the testimony? I will not stop here to
i scrutinize the proof that men bearing certain
1 names had been illegally naturalized in this
I county in September and October, 1868.
I I will for the sake of the argument grant
that the proof is satisfactory; that certain
persons bearing the names given on list C
were naturalized. What irf the proof that those
men or any of them voted in this ward, or
that they voted for Mr. Greene ? Let me read
the proof:
"Question. Havo youalistof some of the men who
voted in the first ward last fall, who were naturalized
last fall at Newburg, with a statement of their wit-
nesses and the deputy clerks who signed their papers ?
"Answer. I have.
" Question. Where did you get it ?
"Answer. From the papers in possession of Mr.
George H. Clark."
Mr.-Speaker, the proof elsewhere shows
that this paper of Mr. George H. Clark was
p.-epared before the election was held, and yet
this witness swears that he got from that paper
of Mr. George H. Clark his list of the men
vvko voted upon illegal naturalization papers
in this precinct.
"Question. How many of the list were represented
as being naturalized on the ground that they came
to this country under eighteen years of age?
"Answer. That I do not remember.
"Question. How many ot tlie persons newly nat-
uralized last tall voted in that ward? 1
"Answer. I think it was seventy.
"Question. Who were your inspectors? I
"Answer. Wilson, Hosenthall, and Drake. [
"Question. How is the vote of lastfall in that ward !
compared with 1800-07V
"Anstier. It was largely in excess of 1866 and 1807. I
I think 1800 was larger than the one of 1807. 1
"Question. Has there been an increase in the vot- !
ing population in that ward since 1860 and 1807 ?
"Answer. There is no cause why there should have
been; I should think not.
"Question. Has there been a decrease since that
time ?
"Answer. Yes; I should think there had.
"Question. Did your investigation show that some
of these voters did not live in the ward ?
"Answer. Yes.
"Question. Did you lastfall before election help
make a canvass of that ward ?
"Answer. No; I did not.
"Question. Is this the paper you referred to in your
statement as a list of some who voted in first ward
last fall, with statement of their witnesses, &o. ?
"Answer. Y'es, sir.
"(Second paper offered in evidence. Objectedto
by Mr. Greene. Filed, marked ' B.' D.W.Esmond,
notary public. February 20,1869.)"
Now, in what I have just read this House
has the proof and the whole proof that the men
whose names were 011 that long list of persona
alleged to have been naturalized in the fall of
1808 actually voted in this precinct, or voted
for Mr. Greene.
I am compelled to say that in all this testi-
mony there is no evidence that justifies me in
finding that a single vote was cast for Mr.
Greene by men illegally naturalized in the
first ward of Newburg. I will admit here that
1 have no doubt at all that men did vote for
Mr. Greene in thi3 ward who were illegally
naturalized at Newburg or Goshen. But that
is pure conjecture ; it lies outside of the proof;
it is a probability strong in my own mind ;
but we cannot admit a man in this House 011
the strength of mere conjecture or mere prob-
ability. If the contestant and those who voted
for him would put the contestant into this dis-
puted seat, they ought to avail themselves of
the power, which they certainly had, to show
who that were illegally naturalized voted in
November, 1868, and to show by the best
proof within their reach that they voted for
the sitting member.
Now, let us pass from this first ward of New-
burg to the second ward of Newburg. I repeat
that you must reject these 140 votes of the
first ward of Newburg if you will give the
sitting member his seat, unless, indeed, you
go further and reject the entire returns of
certain precincts. To that point I will soon
refer, if my time shall permit. I now speak
of the second ward of Newburg. The com-
mittee find that 50 votes were illegally cast
for the sitting member. The testimony is to
be found on page 45 of this report; and I in-
vite the attention of the House to the charac-
ter of the evidence. The witness is Thoma8
McAlles. Here, too, an attempt is made to
show that certain men who voted for Mr.
Greene had been illegally naturalized, and
were, therefore, not legal voters. I read from
the testimony of Mr. McAlles, beginning at
the stop of page 46 ;
" Question. Did any persons in your ward voto last
fall wtio got naturalization papers last fall?
"Answer. Yes.
" Question. How many ?
"Answer. I don't know exactly. I think 50 or
over.
" Question. Did you see their papers?
" Answer. Some of them I did, and some I did not.
" Question. Where did they get their papers, i. e.,
where did they purport to have been issued ?
"Answer. Most ot them at the court at Newburg,
two or three trom New Y'ork, several from Goshen.
One of them (I don't know where the paper was
from) there was no name filled up in the certificate
he presented. I told this man he could not be regis-
tered. On the last day of registry the same man
appeared at the legistry with his name in. I asked
him where hegot it. He said hehad been to Goshen,
and then I registered him.
" Question. Were these men that you have spoken
of as having papers issued tins tall challenged?
"Answer. I believe they were all challenged.
" Question. What ticket did they vote ?
"Answer. I think ttiey voted the Democratic.
"Question. From the heading, when folded, could
you easily distinguish Democratic from .Republican
tickets?
"Answer. Y'es.
"Question. Was your attention called to illegal and
fraudulent naturalization papers and illegal voting
before election ?
1 "Answer. Yes, sir.
I . "Question. Did you examine any of the persons
presenting naturalization papers procured lastfall?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Were many or all of these persons nat-
uralized on the ground that they came to this coun-
try before Uiey were eighteen years of age?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Did you make inquiry of some of them
on that point?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. What did you ascertain?
"Answer. We discovered that some had been nat-
uralized who had come to the country after they
were eighteen years of age on the, ground that they
had come to this country before they were eighteen
ycare of age.
"Question. Have you a list of the men naturalized
last fall who registered and voted in your district ?
"Ansicer. I have. .
"Question. Did you have it before election ?
"Answer. I did. _
"Question. Where did you get it?
"Ansxoer. I got it Ironi the record that George H.
Clark got at Goshen."
X have read all the material testimony, tend-
ing to show that in the second ward of the city
ot Newburg 50 votes were cast by men who
