1870.
TBB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3233
States where they have no idea of building
additional roads, but it has no application to
the Northwest or to the southern States. The
truth is, and the gentleman knows it, that many
railroads would be built now and would have
been built heretofore, if instead of costing
$35,000 a mile the materials had been so cheap-
ened that they could have been constructed
for $15,000 a mite. I hold this to be true,
that there are points between which there is no
railroad communication now because railroads
could not be constructed for less than $35,000
a mile; yet if by a reduction in the cost of the
iron and steel and everything else entering into
tlie construction of the roads, the cost might
be reduced to $16,000 a mile, the roads would
be built and would pay a profit upon that
$16,000 a mile, whereas they would be ran at
a loss if they cost $85,000 a mile.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man how much of the $35,000 a mile is in the
grading of the road and how much in putting
on the superstructure?
Mr. INGERSOLL. It depends very much
upon where theroad is and what kind of a cotm-
try it is built through. There are roads where
the grading costs more than what is put npon
it, and there are roads where the grading costs
almost nothing, and what is pnt npon it costs
$15,000 or $20,000 per mile. I cannot give a
very definite answer unless the gentleman will
name a particular locality.
Mr. MAYNARD. Well, suppose the grad-
ingof the road costs $30,000 a mile, the super-
structure costs no more than it would on a road
costing half that amount.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think I am correct in
what I say. Now, in order to induce compe-
tition let us cheapen the cost of iron and rails
and car wheels and all the other materials that
enter into the construction of railroads. Thus
you will, have competing lines. I do not be-
lieve tile gentleman can point to a single in-
stance where a competing railroad would pay
where it would be impossible to procure the
passage of a law authorizing it to be built. I
remember when we had but one line of rail-
road from the lakes to the sea-board. Now
we have a dozencompeting lines; we have two
or three in a single State, and if it would pay,
and if you can induce capital to believe that it
would pay, there would be no trouble in get-
ting the necessary legislation. Now the pres-
ent duty on steel car wheels is 45 per cent, ad
valorem,, and I insist that 3 J cents a pound is a
large increase over 45per cent, ad valorem, and
that 2f cents a pound, as proposed by me, is
still an increase on 45 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Chairman, when the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Peters] was on the
floor I desired to ask him a question; but he
had not time to allow me to ao so. I propose
to ask the question now, and perhaps toanswer
it myself. What I wished to ask him was this:
after his people have made their subscriptions
for building a railroad, when they have laid
the road and borrowed the money, selling
bonds in order to do so, who own the road?
I suppose our experience in the West is very
similar to that of the people of Maine. I have
seen something of these subscriptions, as have
other gentlemen from my part of the country.
The people do subscribe, and subscribe very
liberally. At the same time they understand
that their subscriptions are a donation; that
when the road comes to be built and is in the
hands of a corporation the donation is not
worth a dollar except so far as it has helped
to furnish^ a road to the neighborhood; the
monopoly is precisely what it would have been
"fe. gentlemen who at last take the. bonds
ml mortgage on the road had furnished
all the necessary capital in the first place. The
people have enabled them to build the track
and to secure their monopoly. They come and
tell the neighborhood that if a certain amount
•s subscribed, if the people will vote so much,
as we do in our country, to get a road for them,
ey will put the iron and the rolling-stock
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 203.
npon it and run the road. This is the almost
universal practice.
Now, let me make a single remark in refer-
ence to what was said substantially by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and what is observed by others, that
the railroad system of the country is a monop-
oly. I have heard gentlemen denouncing it
constantly during this session of Congress.
These companies come together and establish
among themselves their rates for carrying
freight; and I venture to say that almost every-
where throughout the country there exists the
same inequality which was referred to by the
chairman of the committee. It will be found
from one end of the United States to the other
that these companies unite to fix rates which
will be beneficial to all of them. The manu-
facturers cannot come together aind unite as
to the charges which they will make for their
wares. They are too numerous; too many
are constantly coming in and creating compe-
tition. But the railroad corporations thus
unite, and there is force in the statement that
what id done in this direction does not neces-
sarily goto the benefit of the people, although
it inures to the advantage of the corporations.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him one question?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly; I will do precisely
what the gentleman's colleague [Mr. Peters]
refused to do.
Mr. HALE. Is it not the fact that if a road
can be built more cheaply, even though the
capitalists eventually get control of it, the peo*
pie along the line who contribute will pay so
much less? In other words, suppose that in
the case of a railroad enterprise the people
contribute a certain portion of the expense,
which goes to the benefit of those who finally
own the road; if the road can be built for a
smaller sum will not the proportional share
paid by the people be so much less?
Mr. BLAIR. That would be so if the peo-
ple furnished the iron and the rolling-stock; but
that is precisely what they do not do. By our
legislation here we are not cheapening the cost
of digging and grading or the cost of the ties
which go to make the road. What it is pro-
posed to cheapen here is that portion which is
paid for by the capitalists. I admit that per-
haps in the long run something might be gained
by the people; but it would depend upon a
great many other considerations than those
involved in this question. All I ask is that
these duties shall be equal and fair. I have
no hostility to the railfbads Or to the manufac-
turers. I want to see them all prosper'together,
and for that reason I support this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON obtained the floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw my amend-
ment, that the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Alli-
son] may renew it.
Mr. PETERS. I wanted to ask my friend
from Michigan [Mr. Blair] whether 2§- cents
is equivalent to the present duty?
Mr. ALLISON. These car wheels, if I un-
derstand correctly, are not made of the most
expensive steel. They are made in molds, as
are the iron cat wheels. I believe that steel
car wheels have been but lately introduced, in
consequence of the adoption of cheaper modes
of making steel. They are made of steel man-
ufactured by the Bessemer process, the cheap-
est mode of making steel.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to correct the
gentleman. These wheels are made from east
Mr. ALLISON. They may be made from
cast steel.
Mr. COBURN. I wish the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. MaYnard] would state the
value of the steel from which these car wheels
are made.
Mr. MAYNARD. From 8 to 10 cents a
pound, as I am informed.
Mr. ALLISON. By the existing law, loco-
motive tires, whether of steel or iron, pay a
specific duly of 3 cents per pound; and last
year our importation of these tires amounted
to only $1,899 in value. I take it, therefore,
that a duty of 3 cents per pound is practically
prohibitory. It certainly costs no more to man-
ufacture steel car wheels than it does to man-
ufacture steel in other circular shapes or forms.
Yet the duty proposed upon these steel car
wheels is 3£ cents per pound. On the whole
wheel as imported the duty is 45 per cent, ad
valorem. I do not know the exact value of
these wheels. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. MaynArd] says it is 10 cents per pound.
I think it cannot possibly be that much, or
even 7 cents. I am in favor of a specific rate
of duty, and I believe the specific rate pro-
posed by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Ingersoll,] 2f cents per pound, will afford
ample protection to any persons in this country
| who wish to manufacture steel car wheels.
I agree with the chairman of the Committee
( of Ways and Means that these railroad corpor-
ations are great monopolies, and deserve no
! favors in the legislation of Congress. But the
! increased cost of the m ateriala for running their
j roads is made by these companies the excuse
fbr their high rates of transportation. I do
not know what maybe the fact in other States,
but in the State in which I reside the people
of every county and township are to-day sub-
scribing liberally to build lines which shall
compete with these monopolizing corporations
that now have the absolute control of the car-
rying trade in the new States. Whether iron
rails shall cost $50a ton or $75 a ton, whether
a locomotive shall cost $9,000 or whether it
shall cost $12,000, are questions which affect
the starting of these new roads. All these are
elements in the cost of the construction of the
roads. I desire to be fair to the manufactur-
ers, fair to the railroads, and fair to the con-
sumers. I believe the specific duty proposed
by the gentleman from Illinois is just to all.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham, its Secre-
tary, announced that the Senate had concurred
in the resolution of the House to correct the
enrollment of the bill (H. R. No. 1427) to pro-
vide for the creation of corporations in the
District of Columbia by general law.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed House bills of the following titles
with amendments, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 902) limiting the appoint-
ment of certain officers in the Treasury Depart-
ment ;
An act (H. R. No. 891) for the relief of
Charles E. Dole; and
An act (EL R. No. 40) to confirm the title of
William M. Garvey to a certain tract of land.
. TARIFF BILL AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union resnmed its session.
Mr. MAYNARD, I rise to oppose the
amendment. I do not propose to go into the
subject of steel manufacture in this country.
That was discussed very largely yesterday, and
it was shown that this manufacture employs a
great deal of capital and a large amount of
labor. The earnings of one establishment
which I have in my mind give support to no
less than 30,000 people. The effect of the
introduction of the steel manufacture in this
country in cheapening the price of the article
to the consumer has already been fully and
undeniably stated. This subject of steel car
wheels connects itself with all the branches
of steel manufacture heretofore considered.
These wheels are made from cast steel, and
that of a comparatively high grade. They
must be made with great care, and when made
must be subjected to severe tests, the flaws or
defects requiring the rejection of a consider-
able proportion of those manufactured. The
rate of duty proposed by the Committee of
