1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33
ther that every name upon tliis list has been
reported to the Senate and passed. If that is
the case it will impose a great labor upon the
committee to go over that testimony again.
,fr' CONKLING. There have been a few
added.
• T^U^BULL. Are there some names
m if18 ^verc BOt -deluded before ?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
■ J1'j ^^IMBULL. That is the point I
wished to know about.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator's state
ment is correct I shall vote for the bill, because
toe Senate have already acted upon it and con-
sidered it. But it has been stated that there
are some names in this bill which have never
been considered by the committee.
. ^r* RUMBULL. I want to know if that
is the fact.
Mr. TIPTON. I think it is evident to the
benate that so little is understood in regard to
this bill that We cannot safely pass it without
a reference. Senators cannot agree in respect
to it. Theyare honest in regard to what their
impression is, but scarcely any two of them
agree in regard to what the action of the Sen-
ate was upon the subject. I remember this;
that in the last hours of the last session when
bills like this came before the Senate some of
the names in some of the bills were very ex-
ceptionable, and we had positive assurances
that they contained the names of men who had
held office, especially in Kentucky, in violation
of the provisions of the fourteenth amend-
ment, and the effort then was to hurry through
the bills_ that they might continue to cio legally
that which they had been doing in defiance of
law. I am not certain; I am just as indefi-
nite as any Senator whether this is the bill that
contained those names or not; but from the
fact that there were such names pressed upon
us at that time, I desire, without knowing that
this bill is at fault in that respect, that it have
the reference suggested by the Senator from
Massachusetts, and then all will be satisfied.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 have had a consulta-
tion with the chairman of the committee, and
he tells me that there are a few names here
which were not in the bill that passed the Sen-
ate at the last session. That being so, the bill
certainly ought to bo referred. I thought we
had passed upon them all. I think now it had
better be referred, and let the committee exam-
ine those particular names and report the bill
back again.
Mr. FERRY. If the Senator from Illinois
will permit me, I desire to suggest that these
names first get to the committee upon the refer-
ence of individual petitions for the removal of
disabilities. The identical names added to this
bill have not been scrutinized by the Judiciary
Committee, but have been referred on individ-
ual petitions to the Committee on Disabilities,
and by them examined and added to this bill.
There are five hundred names in the bill. Of
tho'se nearly five hundred were scrutinized by
the Judiciary Committee and incorporated iu
their bill. When the subject of political dis-
abilities was taken away from the Judiciary
Committee and given to a select committee
individual applications arising thereafter were
referred as they arcse to the new committee,
and some of the names, upon the scrutiny
then given to them, were added to this bill; so
that I have no doubt as a fact that every name
in this bill has been scrutinized either by the
Judiciary Committee of the Senate or by the
Committee on Political Disabilities. That is
my impression.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is a matter of perfect
indifference to me whether this bill is recom-
mitted or not. I do not believe there is any
importance in recommitting it. Some Senator
has suggested that it should be recommitted
because it would be in order to do so, and we
should do business in order. Why, sir, the
rule of the Senate is to do business out of
order. It would be out of order if we were to
confine ourselves to the rules. You cannot
41st Cong, 2d Sess.—No. 3.
find a day and hardly an hour of the session
in which we do not violate our rules and pro-
crastinate the business of the session by vio-
lating the rules. You will find it so, sir, ere
you are through with this session. The order
of business is for the Senate to be out of order.
Now, sir, I am a member of this Committee
on Disabilities, and I desire to give my recol-
lection on this subject. I think I am right in
the statement I shall make; and yet I trust my
recollection with so much caution that I will
not affirm that I may not bs mistaken. The
House of Representatives passed a bill includ-
ing certain names. It came to the Senate.
The committee in the Senate reported a bill
with another list of names, and the Senate
passed that bill. It went to the House. This
is a joint committee; or rather there is a com-
mittee in each House who have acted together.
The Senate committee agreed upon certain
rules which should guide us in our action as to
the recommendation of the names of the per-
sons who should go into the bill. They acted
upon the same rule in the House committee
that we acted upon in the Senate committee.
VVe sent our bill over to the House, but instead
of acting upon it they incorporated that bill
with theirs and sent it back to us with a few
additional names added, and this is the bill
now before the Senate. The chairman of our
committee, I recollect distinctly, called upon
me on the last day of the last session, almost
its last hour, and said, " Will it meet your
approval if I repair to the House and examine,
in connection with the House branch of the
committee, the names of these additional men
who were neither in the House bill first sent to
us nor in the Senate bill?" I said to him,
" most certainly." He did so, and fonnd that
the few additional names that were neither in
the Senate bill nor in the House bill did come
within the rules we had adopted in our two
bills. This House bill came over here and we
sought to pass it, but failed.
I believe that is the precise, true history of
this whole bill. There are a few names in this
bill which were neither in the House bill as
they sent it to us originally nor in our bill
which wo sent to them originally, and but a
very few ; but thoso names underwent the
scrutiny of our chairman in connection with
the House committee; and I affirm that they
do come withiu the rules which brought all the
other names into tho bill as we reported it in
the Senate and as the committee reported it
in tho House. If it. is recommitted the com-
mittee will have nothing on earth to do but to
report it back again to-morrow, and say to the
Senate that these names are here by the same
rules and by the same limitations as the names
were originally when we reported that part of
it which was the Senate bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What became of the
names that were under scrutiny between the
two Houses?
Mr. HAMLIN. They arc out of the bill—
excluded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho question is
on tho motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, to refer this bill to the selcct Committee
on Political Disabilities.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the bill will not
be referred again. I do not think it is worth
while to do so. The kind of investigation that
a committee can give in these matters is very
unsatisfactory. The bill has been investigated
by a committee of the House, and most of
these names were investigated by the Judiciary
Committee of the Senate during the last Con-
gress, and if an investigation is to bo gone
into again the committee taking it up now will
hardly know which have been investigated and
which have not been. It will involve the invest-
igation of five hundred names and take a month
or two of very hard labor. The results of that
labor are so unsatisfactory that I would not
impose it upon any committee by voting to
refer the bill. But I shall vote to stop these
proceedings at an early day. When this bill
and the one in the House on the same subject
are out of the way I think we may stop "and
wait until some fixed time before we proceed
further in the removal of political disabilities.
The load of labor which it will require of any
committee of this body to examine five han-
dred names—and there will be several thousand
of them—{tnd find out the facts as to each
individual is too great, too unpleasant,Jand tso
unprofitable a task to impose upon thorn. We
ought to have some other machinery. It tvill
take their whole time if they do it justice at
all, if they pretend to investigate it. Six weeks
of investigation will be necessary upon these
names to do it with any degree of deliberation
or fairness, and it will occupy their entire time.
I do not believe a committee of tho Senate
could investigate a thousandnamesinasession,
if they attended to no other business, and con-
duct it in such a manner as to meet the approval
of sensible men. I do not think the invest-
igation worth much. This bill has been hang-
ing for a long time, and I shall vote for its
passage now.
Mr. CAMERON. I was inclined to think
that we should adhere to the rules and have
this bill referred, until I heard the very clear
remarks made by the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Hamlis. ] It seems to me now that we
had better dispose of it at once, or else we shall
have it up again, and tho whole session will be
occupied with this question, as was the ease
during the last year, and we shall have it before
us on the last day and adjourn without finish-
ing it. We intend to admit all these people to
tho full rights of citizenship, and the sooner we
do it the more gracefully it will be done. If
we are to bring them here, let them come at
once. We have restored their rights to them,
and let them have the joy of doing right as
early as possible, for I trust they have had such
a lesson that they will do right hereafter. I
can see no good in referring the bill; it will
be only wasting more time. I shall vote for
tho bill if it comes up for action immediately,
and shall vote against the reference.
Mr. CONKLING. This bill seems to me
to present a question strange in the Senate,
upon which one may vote with practical safety
either way ; and I am inclined to think that
practically it makes very little difference which
way the votes of a majority of the Senate may
be.
There are those in the country—perhaps the
number is increasing—who aro continually
moved with compunction and regret that polit-
ical disabilities shall continue to remain as the
only badge of blame affixed to men who were
the authors of the greatest and guiltiest rebel-
lion which history records. I need not say
that I am not one of those impatient to see the
end of the time when even this measure of
reprobation shall attach to those to whom it
applies.
But by the action of the two Houses of Con-
gress the custom prevails of making some haste
to diminish with great rapidity the number of
those remaining under these disabilities; and
the mode which has been selected of doing it
is the thing, as I understand it, to which logic-
ally and properly the criticisms of the Senator
from _ Massachusetts and the Senator from
Michigan and otfier Senators are addressed.
The objection they see to the passage of this
bill in this manner and at this stage is, it seems
to me, an objection addressed to this mode of
investigation, or rather, I might say, this want
of mode and system in determining the facts
upon which alone we can justify legislation of
this sort. •
As the Senator from Connecticut says, the
practice is for individuals to send here appli-
cations for relief. They are referred to a com-
mittee, and the Senator from Nevada has in
part explained the emptiness of the attempt
to prosecute any systematic or thorough in-
quiry into the merits of these cases' and after-
ward, no matter with how short or how long
an interval, they reappear in a bill, and the
