1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3235
amount of oar railroad transportation from the
neater facility with they can carry produce.
Then there are the New York and Erie, the
New Jersey Central, the Pennsylvania Central
to Pittsburg, and the Baltimore and Ohio; and
another great line is likely to be established
from Norfolk, Virginia, by way of the Kanawha
river, to Charleston, on the Ohio river. My
argument is that the lower the rates of doty,
the cheaper the material, the greater will be
the inducement for the construction of rail-
roads, and the more you multiply competing
lines the cheaper will be the transportation of
produce. At present produce ot some spe-
cies is worth little or nothing in the West, in
Iowa and Nebraska, because of the cost of its
transportation to the East. Make railroads
cheaper, multiply competition, reduce the rates
of freight, and you add to the value of every
boshel of wheat and corn and every pound of
pork throughout the whole West.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAWLEY. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
say something in answer to the arguments
adVanced by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means. What I wish to say is
this: that it must be true that to the extent
that we can cheapen the means by which rail-
roads are constructed, either in their road beds
or their iron, or their rolling material, to that
extent we mnst necessarily cheapen transpor-
tation. Now, I do not rise here to advocate
the interests of railroad companies as such.
The railroad companies as corporations are
able to look out for themselves; but I do speak
for the people of my section of country, re-
moved so far as they are from the sea-board,
and I will favorany measures which are proper
and just for the purpose of cheapening the
means of transportation over the thousand
miles which they are removed from the sea-
board.
Now, it must be truethat if under any system
we can adopt the building of railroads could
be cheapened, new railroads would be built;
and those new railroads, built at a less expense,
must necessarily be able to transport more
cheaply what the people of the West want
transported from the East to us, and transport
our crops from the West to the East. To illus-
trate it by the case of my own town. From that
locality we have now two or three railroads run-
ning to the East. One of those roads has been
completed within the last six months, and it has
had the effect to reduce passenger fares and to
reduce freights. During this present summer
we expect to complete two more roads. Now,
snppose that those two roads to be built this
summer can purchase their iron for one third
less than the two roads already built paid, will
it not be true that they can transport over those
roads at a cheaper rate than the roads now
bniltcan? Certainly; every man mustsee that
snch will be the effect. If a year or two from
now still another road can be built, connecting
withthegreatPacific railroad, at a still cheaper
rate, would they not be able to transport still
cheaper? I say they certainly would, and every
man must see the force of snch an argument.
To gay that it does not make any difference
what railroad iron costs, or what car wheels cost,
is to state that which is not correct. While
the_ railroad companies may be able to build
their roads notwithstanding the high price of
railroad iron, they must necessarily take from
'he_ people whose crops, produce, or other
freight passes over their roads enough to make
"p for this excess of price or this greater charge
that theyare compelled to pay, for the purpose
of obtaining both the iron for the road and the
rolling stock to put upon it. I say, then, that
when we advocate a redaction of these duties
*e are in favor of cheapening the cost of trans-
portation. I have no purpose of advocating
amendments which will reduce the tariff upon
this or any other article to such an extent as
*•11 ruin or seriously injure or cripple any
interest in this country. But I understand it
to be conceded by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schknck] and
other gentlemen here that the tariff as pro-
posed to be fixed by the amendment of my
colleague [Mr. Ingersoli,] will still be an
increase of the tariff on this article under the
existing law.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendmenttotheamendmentwas with-
draws.
Mr. COVODE. I renew it for the purpose
of saying that I have listened to the remarks
made upon this steel car-wheel question, and
I have found that a great many gentlemen have
been talking without a knowledge of the views
of railroad men. It is not cheap car wheels
that railroad men want, but wheels which will
enable people to ride in cars over the roads
with safety to life; that is what is for the in-
terest of railroad companies. One of the dif-
ficulties which we have to contend with when
we import ear wheels and axles and rails from
abroad is that we do not know who makes
them, or who is to be held responsible for
the material of which they are made. But
when we use wheels and axles and rails that
are made in the United States, railroad com-
panies know every man who makes them.
There is not a rail or wheel or axle broken on
any of the leading railroads of this country
but what it is known what mill has made it, if
it was made in this country. And if any man
makes an inferior class of rails be will soon
find himself without orders. It is the same
thing with regard to steel car wheels. It is
not the cost of the steel wheel, but the quality
of it, that is of importance. We want the
very best steel in the world in wheels. There
is more at stake of life and property in the use
of wheels made of poor material than in any-
thing else connected with railroads.
There is probably but one man in this House
who is more interested in getting car wheels at
the most reasonable price than I am. But I
do not want wheels that are merely cheap ; I
want them to be also good. It is not a ques-
tion of price at all. And I say that the best
way to get good wheels is to hold the manu-
facturers responsible for them. Now, in refer-
ence to what the gentleman from Illinois has
said about competition, who seems to have
discovered that it is the want of competition
that is the trouble. The gentleman says that
he has no competition at alt at the mills he
speaks of. But when he gets to Cincinnati
with his produce he will find four competing
lines of railroad, as the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] has said. There is abund-
ance of competition on these railroads. The
leading railroads of the country for several
months last year did not make a dollar on
their through freight, for it was carried below
cost for months, on account of the competi-
tion between these companies which gentle-
men call monopolies. And their revenues
had to be made np on the local trade so as to
enable them to declare dividends. Another
word about the cost of building railroads.
In Pennsylvania, where the main lines have
cost us over $70,000 per mile, we are car-
rying freight lower than it is being carried
in Illinois, where it does not cost more than
$16,000 per mile to build railroads.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STILES. Mr. Chairman, while we have
under consideration that portion of the tariff
bill in relation to iron and steel, I desire to say
that I have voted to sustain the Committee of
Ways and Means upon these important inter-
ests. But I have obtained the floor for the
purpose of saying a few words upon the action
of the House in Committee of the Whole in
reducing the duty on pig iron. In the absence
of myself and my colleague from the Berks
district, [Mr. Getz,] unexpectedly and un-
timely, with nearly a hundred members of the
House, including a number of Republicans
from Pennsylvania, a vote was taken upon the
proposition of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler, ] to reduce the duty upon
iron from $7 to $5. Both Mr. Getz and my-
self, had we been here, would have voted
against that proposition. That vote was not
a finality, however, and when the question is
submitted to the House we will be found upon
the record in favor of the highest rate of duty
that shall be proposed.
The attack upon the iron interests of the
country is traceable to the report of Commis-
sioner Wells, a Radical officer of the Govern-
ment, who recommended in his report the
reduction of the duty from $9 to $3. The
report was seized upon by those opposed to
the tariff laws favoring the iron interests of
Pennsylvania. I shall not now stop to discuss
the errors in Mr. Wells's report. It has been
demonstrated through the press and upon this
floor that his statistics in reference to the cost
of iron are all wrong. His calculation was
intended to deceive and mislead, and when he
says that pig iron can be produced at from $24
to $26 per ton, and in some instances at a less
figure in the anthracite districts of Pennsyl-
vania, predicated upon some kind of informa-
tion, his report becomes a dangerous weapon
in the hands of those who seek to crush out
the great interests of the State I in part repre-
sent. Memorials to this Congress from all the
leading furnace companies in eastern Pennsyl-
vania claim that pig iron cost more than $29
per ton in 1868 and 1869, exclusive of interest
on capital and the expenses of removal from
the furnaces.
I hold in my hand a statement, furnished me
by a reliable friend, showing the actual cost at
one of the furnaces in the Lehigh valley, as
follows:
1866. 1867. 1-868. 1839.
Cost on cars at furnace. $34 66 $29 37 $28 68 $32 03
Cost in the market  36 20 31 33 30 78 33 57
Price obtained  42 26 39 86 34 41 35 58
Profits por ton  6 06 8 53 3 63 2 01
In this estimate nothing is included for inter-
est on capital invested, which would increase the
cost about $3 per ton in each year. The cost
of coal to make a ton of iron was: 1866, $11 02;
1867, $8 32; 1868, $7 97|; 1869, $10 00|.
The figures may not be entirely correct, but I
believe them, from my own observation and
knowledge, to be very nearly so. Nor can these
statements be successfully contradicted. All
this talk, therefore, in reference to the im-
mense profits now made in the iron business
is without foundation in fact.
In fqrmer years the question of a tariff was a
national question; but the long, tedious, pro-
tracted discussion upon this bill has shown that
now it is a local issue. The New England
States seek protection for their Manufactures,
the West upon her wool, hemp, and other pro-
ductions, while the great iron State of Penn-
sylvania asks protection upon iron. The differ-
ent sections seek such a duty as shall yield a
return for the capital necessarily invested.
In this straggle for sectional interests I see
no good reason why we are not right in demand-
ing for our people such legislation as will insure
to them a fair profit for the capital invested in
the furnaces of the State of Pennsylvania.
I had hoped that some system of duties would
be adopted which would be acceptable to all
sections of the country; that some one who
could command the confidence of Congress and
the people, one who could grasp all the great
interests of this people, would submit such a bill
as would meet the universal approval of the
nation. In such a proposition I would pro-
tect the industrial interests, agriculture, and
1 labor. I had hoped to see some one of the Rad-
, ical party in this House rise above party, who
1 would take a statesmanlike view of this per-
! plexing subject. In these degenerate days we
have no statesmen, all are partisans. As no
i one will meet the exigencies of these perilous
times, we shall therefore be left to deal with this
vital question as best we can.
What is demanded in this country, sir, is a
! uniform rate of duty. The large expenditure
in the erection of our immense iron-works,
i the large eapital invested, demand that they
