1810.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333
41st Cons....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr, Hay.
Ho, oi? Eeps.
ers, who are said to be half barbarous, and to
live on food that no civilized man can subsist
upon. And in Russia is another class, they
who were but recently miserable serfs. These
three classes produce the wheat crop of Eu-
rope. The product of their labor it is that
comes in competition with that of our farmers
and agricultural laborers in the markets of
Europe, where the price of wheat is fixed for
the crop of the American farmer as well as for
that of these classes. What protection, I re-
peat, have the 14,000,000 agriculturists of this
country against the competition of the "pauper
labor" of the grain-fields of Europe.
I know what I shall lie told by my protec-
tionist friends. They will say we have imposed
duties on the importation of farm products.
What are they ? The duty of 10 cents on
Canadian corn will deceive no one. The Cana-
dians, on account of their cold climate, are
always under the necessity of importing corn
for their own consumption, and hence are
never exporters. The few persons who sap-
pose that the duties levied on barley, flax, and
hemp benefit them largely cannot have their
minds disabused of this too soon for their otvn
good. The price of American wheat is, us 1 said
before, fixed beyond any controlling influence
here by the European market; and so long as
a surplus is produced in this country the nrice
of the whole crop will be settled by the Euro-
pean market. And let me say, whatever may
be said about this tariiF system furnishing a
sufficient home market for the products of our
farmers, the fact is that, the value of our exports
of manufactured articles is decreasing, and the
amount of grain exported is increasing, in
18GS we exported 12,927,412 bushels of grain;
in 1SG9, 34.300,640 bushels; and wi; shall con
tinue to increase the exportation of gram.
it' the duty on Canadian wheat weie removed
it would not change the sidling price of wheat
iu our markets. .During the ten years of the
existence of the reciprocity treaty the import
ation of wheat free of duty into our ports bad
not the slightest effect oil prices. With or with-
out duties they are bound to be competitors
with our fai-iiH'i's iu the European maiket, for
the sale of their surplus. fhe great giaiu,
Stuck, anil provision markets of America ::re
controlled by the market of Europe; and let
me say no intelligent mail in this country de-
nies this. A telegraphic dispa'ch announcing
a declension of a few cents in the price of a
bushel of wheat, or a pound ol'cotton, pork, or
beef in London, and a similar decline loilows
in our markets. No,such effect is produced by
a decline in the price of manufactured products.
A high wall, not made of brass, but of gold
duties, protects and secures the favored man-
ufacturer from the losses occasioned by the
fluctuations of the European markets. Too
petty duty on potatoes may have the effect of
enabling the potato-growers<of New York and
probably of New England to get a few ceuts
more a bushel for then), but the western and
most of the other States derive no benefit from
this tax. Indeed it is claimed that tins petty
tax is actually an injury to Our pork-producing
States.
Mr. Chairman, it ia impossible in the time |j
allowed to mo to enter into a full discussion ;j
of all the objectionable provisions of this bill, ji
On many articles the duties should either be i;
reduced or laid in a different manner. I wish. ;
however, to say that in my opinion the duties ;
on coarse woolen goods should be reduced. "
The duties on these goods are ajihost entirely i
prohibitory. Nearly all the woolen goods now |.
imported are of the liner qualities, the duties ij
on these goods not being so high as on the :
coarser kinds. In cold climates the-e goods ,
are as necessary as shelter and food, and j:
should, therefore, be cheapened as much as
possible to the consumer. The duties on cot-
ton goods should also be reduced, and espe-
cially on the coarser kinds. This bill increases
the duties on coarse cotton goods, while there
is no corresponding increase of the duties on
the finer goods. As copper ore and lead are
largely used in many branches of manufactur-
ing, and to the extent they aro taxed the cost
of production is increased, there ought, it
seems to me, to be some reduction of the duties
on these articles.
The classification of sugars in this bill is in
the interest of a few sugar-refiners ; and hence
I am opposed to this part of the bill. The
honorable gentleman from Iowa on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has, I think, shown
this to lie so. I am also opposed on principle to
levying specific duties on sugar, tea, and coffee.
Whatever duties are levied on these articles
should be according to value. It is unjust to
require the consumer of a pound of tea worth
50 cents to pay the same tax that the consumer
of a pound worth $1 pays, and the consumer
of a pound of coffee or sugar worth 80 couts
per pound to pay as high a tax as the consumer
of a pound of either worth 60 cents. If the
taxes on sugar, tea, and coffee were levied
according to value they would fall more equally
on the people than almost any taxes that, can
be imposed, for the people are generally con-
sumers of those articles, and the taxes all go
into the Treasury to swell the revenue. Yet,
as 1 am in favor of the reduction of taxation,
I wili go as far as the farthest toward placing
thorn on tho free list.
Mr. Chairman, X propose now to illustrate
tho injustice and unfairness of the tariff in its
workings. J have hero a sample which I will
designate as number one—an article made of
wool, and intended to bo made into coats and
cloaks to bo worn by persons engaged in out-
door work in cold climates. This article can
be bought for 4B cents gold per yard in Eu-
rope. Jiut our tariff subjects it to the payment
of a duty of not less than 101 per cent. It can-
not. be maintained that a yard of this coarse
stuff, costing 48 cents a yard, is a luxury, in
connection with this, 1 have here a sample of
tho finest broadcloth; its cost in England is 1
guinea per yard—ten and a half times as much
as the stuff for coats and cloaks that 1 have
just alluded to. It is worn by the most opu-
lent only. But the duty on it is only 4V per
cent., or less than one fourth of tho duty
charged on the heavy, coarse stuff tor cloaks
and coats to be worn by the poor, hard-work
ing classes.
Now. sir, none of this stuff at 48 cents per
yard is imported, and hence the Government,
gets no revenue from it; hut broadcloth at ip7
per yard is imported to a certain extent because
it, only pays a, duty of 47 per cent. 1 shall an-
ticipate an answer that the monopolists for
i whose, benefit these high tariff duties are im-
I posed may make to this. They will probably
j say welinvc developed I his heavy stuli' for coats
| and cloaks by niuuutactuiing it here; instead
I of its costing, w'th the duty, ill 40 gold we .sell
j it litre for ,;>1 25 currency, therefore you do
not pay tho duty chaiged at all. This is a vety
j ingenious reply, indeed; but it will not, <io.
| The people cannot any longer be deceived
I and imposed upon by this style of argument,
i Sir, this article costs 48 cents gold per yard
in Europe, and as the fiovernment gels no
; revenue from it wo ought to buy it here for
58 cents gold or 72 ceuts currency per yard,
and not have to pay you $1 2-3 per yard for it.
tio long as the Government realizes no rev-
enue from it, tho people want the benefit; they
do not want the manufacturers to have it.
Sir, let us lake another illustration in point to
show the measureless unfairness of the tarifl in
its operation asdutiesare adjusted. In our large
cities it is well known that the rich, luxurious,
and fashionable lurinsh their houses with great
expensiveness. i a?  informed that in the
city of New York §300 is not unfrequently
given for a pair of lace curtains to ornament
the stately brown fronts of their palatial res-
idences by the millionaires of that oily. These
curtains are made in Switzerland, and pay a
duty under _ our tariff of 85 per cent, I am
not now objecting to this duty; still, consider-
ing that these curtains avc a very great luxury,
it must be admitted that the duty is very low.
Now, in contrast, I will quote from the official
returns of the Treasury Department for the year
1808:
" Druggets and bockins;, printed, colored, or other-
wise—imports, $29,298. Duty paid tlioroon,y26,C'J7 4.1,
or 91 per cont."
This outrageous duty is not laid for revenue,
but for the purpose of giving a few rich carpet
manufacturers iu this country a monopoly of
tho business. In order to effectually and se-
curely protect these few monopolists the poor
laboring man must pay on his drugget, which
is to^ him a necessary, a duty of 91 per cent.;
and it is simply owing to the fact that the pro-
duction of tho $300 lace curtains catiuol be
made to pay here that some favorite manufac-
turer disdains to seek for its monopoly, and
that the millionaires iu New York and Boston
only pay 85 per ccut. ou one of their most
expensive luxuries.
It would seem that these tariff duties wore
contrived to discriminate in favor of the rich
and against the poor. The best champagne
that is imported into our country pays a duty
of about 00 per cent,.; a poor man's woolen
undershirt pays a duty of 07 per c:ut. A
costly camel's hair shawl, wort'a Hundreds of
dollars, and which can only be worn by a lady
ot wealth, pays a duty of about 42 per coet.,
while the cheapest fcit carpet imported into
the country must pay a duty of 102 per cent.
The duty oil a pair ot' coarse woolen blankets
is 140 per cent. It is said not a pound of
these blankets lias been imported into the
United States for tho last three years; not a
dollar on these blankets has gone into the
Treasury of the nation; yet a pair of these
blankets weighing 0 pounds can be bought in
England for $3 m gold, while in New York
they cost the sum of yd 75. Tho duty on
cheup cotton dress goods is about. 125 per cent.:
on silks and satins Ot) per cent. These dis-
criminations show that our tariff duties have -
not been adjusted upon any principle of eijual
ity or justice, but seemingly with a view to
enhance the profits of a lew tnanulkolaivis,
and to enable t.hetn to enjoy a mouopuly of our
markets.
When, iu tho bill now bef'ote the House,
we see the duties on tin plates raised and no
cotresponding increase on the porcelain ware
of the rich, it is time to insist that there shall
be sonic change in our tat in system. When
these high protective taritf duties are levied iu
the interest cf a few, of course it,is not expected
nor desired that revenue should fio-v into the
national Treasury. These monopoli-d' hnoy,
full well that these taxes which the peopb- have
to pay arc bounties for their onrhht.ieni ; ami
to show hov/these bounties swell theii-div.d-.iuis
Ieall attention to the following items taken from
eastern papers, showing what hirgc profits are
realized toy thiv-e ea.'pet-manut'aetarinj com-
panies :
"Tho UuuiVml Carpet Company a. <; :,i ,
sciai-aiicuat dn idem! "f 12 ie r era-., in -
tho hrst semi-unnual dividend, mnUm s 21 "or e-n;.
lor the year, wiueti, on thocapiul el Si.etAS.OiW,
a distribution to stockholders woo Nt
to have in tho lami'lv."
"Tho Danvers Ma*?ocl)vi":;t:<, Cat.in:""',
which was Oi-^aim.ed, in January, Ifoo, wuh a
of  100,<to0, oi whu-n iJ/Sj v,";e: ia naiejiaerr o. t
building*, and £10,MM woi'liner etpiUl, and wh ,-'s
is principally o\,ned u Xo\, bui ypwi t, lias tusr <!e-
clarcda seinj-nisnuai dividoad ot opcrcenL.,0 ,y;i':V
on FebruaryTats company h.„s alroedy p.ud i,i
rc^afar dividends SS por cont,. upon its orison;! e.::"-
t:i t, m i'lincc, together, with tho oao nowleeiaroi, ,SS
por cont. J t has also charged off from its machinery
and real estate §10,030, and has on hand a surplus ot'
£-3,400, and a woikius capital of £50,000,"
