1348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1G,
question, and if this House desire to preserve
to the granting of the great right of American
citizenship the guards which the laws of the
United States have thrown around it, and also
to preserve the purity of elections, they will
be compelled, I think, to reject, as the com-
mittee have rejected, these votes, and as a
consequence to declare that the contestant is
entitled to the disputed seat.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman in regard to a fact upon
which my action will be based, and it is whether
the evidence which was before the committee
shows how the voters who were probably illegal
voters cast their votes ?
Mr. CHURCHILL. There is such evidence
as to a very considerable number.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to know how
many.
Mr. CHURCHILL. The answer to lhat
question I must leave to the gentleman who
will follow me.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like the gentle-
man to refer me to the pages where I can find
that testimony.
Mr. CHURCHILL. You will find the testi-
mony in the report of the committee.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I now yield
ten minutes to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
SCHENCKJ
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man from Tennessee is so abridging his own
time by these concessions made to others that
I feel very reluctant to avail myself of his
courtesy, and particularly as I have no argu-
ment to make in this case; ten minutes would
be but a short allowance for that. I only wish
to avail myself of the opportunity in order to
explain that where a fitting occasion has pre-
sented itself, and I believe there here has, 1 am
glad to avail myself of that occasion to express
my reprobation of the monstrous, appalling,
abominable frauds upon the right of repre-
sentation in which New York has been excel-
ling the whole country, and of which perhaps
in all parts of the country there has been too
much to make us feel sate for our free institu-
tions. It is hard to tell to what extent, unless
some particular circumstance brings it home
to one, this attempt to sap the very founda-
tion of onr Government has gone under the
lead of parties either upon the one side or the
other.
Let me give you an instance. In the fall of
18681 happened to be in the city of New York,
at the Fifth Avenue Hotel. On a Sunday
morning there came there Mr. Kennedy, the
superintendent of police, accompanied by one
or two of his force, and I found they had just
made the arrest of a thief. That thief had
snatched from some woman her watch and jew-
elry. and upon her giving the alarm had fled.
He was pursued and chased into an alley, and
as his pursuers, some of the police force, gained
upon him, he caught from his pocket and threw
away his spoil and with it a number of papers.
I saw those papers as they had been gathered
up, thus left behind him in his flight. They
consisted of a roll of five certificates of natu-
ralization, all prepared for use, regularly signed
fry judge and clerk; thus showing that natural-
ization papers had become so common in New
York that you could scarcely pursue a thief but
what to avoid detection he threw some of them
away. [Laughter.}
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; I do not pro-
pose to be interrupted.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; Icannotpre-
vent that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Jodd.)
The gentleman will state his point of order.
Mr. COX. My point of order is that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] is not
discussing the question before the House, but
is discussing something relating to some other
district than the one now in question, i.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. COX. Of course ; I mighthave expected
that.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have more respect for
an open rebel, who seeks by violence to over-
throw the Government he has sworn to defend,
than I have for one of these election cheats.
The man who seeks by fraud ; by mean, con-
temptible perjury, to impose himself upon the
people of this country as a legal voter, to take
part in the selection of their Representatives
and officers, is worse than an avowed rebel.
The one carries on his war openly and bravely,
the other undertakes to sap and undermine the
Government.
Mr. COX. A auestion.
Mr. SCHENCK. The one would commit
murder by force, the other by poison. And
more than that, sir; the man that procures
himself or others to be elected to office by
such fraudulent or spurious votes is worse and
more guilty than the foreigner on whose igno-
rance perhaps he imposes.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman to yield.
Mr. SCHENCK. Of course I shall be inter-
rupted by questions, because the galled jade
winces.
Mr. SLOCUM. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question right here ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. SLOCCJM. I want to ask the gentle-
man how, in his opinion, the character of the
man he is describing compares with that of the
Representative on this floor whose vote on a
contested-election case is controlled by parti-
san motives?
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well, I am coming
to that point. I know that my friend from
New York [Mr. Si.ocum] proved in part by
the rule of three that the sitting member in
this case was elected ; and he followed up that
argument by basing the rest of his pretensions
to retain the seat upon the conscientious pur-
ity of the Democratic party, who never act
from policy. Now, it so happened that many
years ago I was a member of a Committee of
Elections of this House, and it fell to my lot,
being then in the minority in a Democratic
House, to report in reference to a claim to
unseat a member. I reported, as the record
will show, in the case of Jones vs. Botts, in
favor of the Democrat; and it has happened
in this present Congress, without going any
further back, that in the case of Mr. Covode,
of Pennsylvania, upon the question of the
prima facie case, I voted against Mr. Covode,
a Republican. And the other day, in a case
from South Carolina, I voted against admit-
ting a Republican to a seat to which I thought
he was not entitled, no matter how ineligible
his opponent might have been on account of
political disqualifications. Now, who of the
Democrats here will show as many votes
against a Democrat ?
Mr. RANDALL. I will.
Mr. COX. So will I.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well, then we are even,
and that is the most that can be Baid about it.
Mr. COX. No, we are not even.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not expect to be led
off to the question of the comparative sincerity,
purity, and conscientiousness of one political
party or another. We are all more or less
party men, biased by the influences which con-
trol us as party men.
Sir, it will not do for gentlemen to say that
the Republican party is influenced solely by
party considerations in all these contested-elec-
tion cases, the number of which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Slocum] undertook to
say wasincreaaed by the new condition of things
brought in by this Republican party. I can
give him a different reason for the increase of
the number of cases.
The gentleman had read from the Clerk's
desk, in support of his views, an extract from
some essay of my friend from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] formerly the chairman of the
Committee of Elections, on the subject of eon-
tested elections. Now, I wish my friend from
Massachusetts were here, that I might repeat
in his hearing what I have often said, tluit, [
do not think any ten men, no, nor anv liny
men in the whole country are so responsible
as he is for the great number of contested-
election cases that we have had during the last
five or six or eight years. Why? Because in
his generous disposition toward even an ad ver-
sary he has presented or advocated proposi-
tions to pay every man who has contested a
seat, whether he had a shadow of a ca«e or not.
I recollect the case of one old gentleman from
Boston, whose name was Sleeper; they waked
him up somewhere in that quarter of the coun-
try. [Laughter.] He contested a seat, and
received over a thousand dollars for doing so,
when the only ground of his claim was an
admitted clerical error.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
facts in that ease were these : Mr. Sleeper was
first by an error declared elected ; but the
certificate was given to Mr. Rice, and Mr.
Sleeper contested the seat.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I am correct in my
statement. Mr. Sleeper based his case upon
what was admitted all round to be a clerical
error. Yet he was allowed pay for making
that contest. This practice of allowing pay to
contestants has gone so far within late years
that I sometimes think of resigning my place
and pontesting seats for a living, thus getting
the pay and mileage of a member while avoid-
ing the work.
Sir, I have read the testimony of this case;
I have read the reports ; and, bestowing upou
these as much of my limited time as I could,
I have come to the conclusion that the sitting
member is not entitled to the seat for either
of two reasons. If you reject the votes of
certain precincts on account of irregularities,
then the contestant is elected. If you retain
those votes, but go into an examination of the
polls for the purpose of purging them, the evi-
dence shows enough illegal votes cast, in all
human probability at least, for the sitting
member to set aside his election. Here, per-
haps, I differ from my friend from Wisconsin,
[Mr.Paine.] I do not know how much proof
he requires to establish the fact that an illegal
vote has been cast. I have always thought
that if you find that a man votes with hia
party, no matter which it may be, and votes
the whole ticket of the party ; if you trace the
matter up to that point by a succession of acts
tending to make out a case of circumstantial
evidence, it ought to be sufficient to establish
the fact of voting, and voting in a particular
way, just as similar circumstantial evidence
would be sufficient to establish a charge of
murder or any other offense against the law.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; I do not wish to
be interrupted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I only wished to ask—-
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] is out of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Whether there is any
evidence whatever as to how these men voted ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot hear the gentle-
man's question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The Speaker's gavel
makes so much noise as to drown my voice.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin must be perfectly aware that he is out
of order—grossly so.
Mr. SCHENCK. I simply wish to say that,
looking into this testimony, I have come to the
same conclusion as my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Randall,] although I go a little
further than he does. The resolution which
he has offered is a concession that at least the
sitting member is not entitled to be here.
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. The resolution proposes
to send the whole case back to the people, no-
body being elected. I go one step further. I
