86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
that this cannot be done without a change of
the rules of the House. If the House intends
to obey the rules, then this resolution must be
referred to the Committee on the Rules,
The SPEAKER. Strictly, under the rules,
this cannot be done except by unanimous con-
sent, which waives all rules. If the gentleman
from Ohio objects, of course that is an end of
the matter.
Mr. COX. I do not propose to object.
The SPEAKER. The object is temporarily
to relieve the disability of members upon the
floor, under a state of circumstances which it is
presumed will never occur again. It is entirely
exceptional. ' .
Mr. COX. I make no objection to the
motion at all if it can be done in that way.
Mr. DAWES. It does not seem to me that
it would be proper to leave this so entirely
with the Speaker. It is a delicate task for the
Speaker to undertake, and I think he would
prefer that it should be arranged by the Com-
mittee on the Rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has 110 desire
in the matter at all other than that such a
course shall be adopted as may be indicated by
the House.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to amend the resO'
lution so that it shall read " uuassigned mem'
bers."
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the House will
excuse me from further service on the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not desire to object
to this resolution, but I would say that it seems
to mo the Chair might bo relieved from any
embarrassment he is now under if some of the
gentlemen who at present occupy places on two
or three committees would give way. I under-
stand it to be the fact that quite a number of
gentlemen are placed on two or three important
committees, while there are others—of equal
capacity and ability, I suppose—who are only
on*one. The gentlemen who are now on two
or three committees would by withdrawing
from one of them relieve the Chair of any
embarrassment and the House from the neces-
sity of assenting to this proposition.
Mr. BENJAMIN.. It seems to me that it
would bo a little premature to take action in
this matter now. In a lev; days we shall have
additional members in the House from the
States of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas, who
will be unprovided for in this regard. I sug-
gest that we postpone action until such time
as we can provide for all these members.
Mr. WELKER. The resolution does not
require action immediately.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on the Rules.
The SPEAKER. It would go there on the
objection of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr,
Benjamin.] It is so referred.
ninth census.
The SPEAKER. The special order is the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 42-1) to pro-
vide for taking the ninth census of the United
States, and to fix the number of the members
of the House of Representatives and to provide
for their future apportionment among the sev-
eral States, on which the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Stokes] has the floor.
The Clerk began to read the bill, but before
he had concluded,
Mr. STOKES said: I move to dispense with
the first reading of the bill, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ; and that the House pro-
ceed to consider it there, and that all speeches
in Committee of the Whole be limited to ten
minutes.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 desire to know what will
be the effect of that. If the bill is referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union will that table it out of its order?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to refer to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union should prevail, and the House
should then resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole, the bill would come up immedi-
ately for consideration in the Committee of the
Whole, and when finished it would be reported
back to the House and would retain the pre-
cise order it now has under the rules.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to know whether if
the bill should be referred to the Committee
of the "Whole on the state of the Union it will
be read through before it is read by sections
for amendment ?
The SPEAKER. It will have to be, under
the rules, unless the reading shall be dispensed
with bv unanimous consent.
Mr."PAINE. Well, I give notice that j.
shall object to dispensing with thp reading.
The SPEAKER. If the bill is referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union it will take the ordinary course. It
will first be read through entirely and then read
section by section for amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the bill
should now be read through, and we should
then go into Committee of the Whole upon it,
should wc be compelled to have it read again
there ?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
the committee would have to have it read,
unless tho reading should be dispensed with by
unanimous consent. The committee is not
supposed to know what is done in the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then, by going
into Committee of the Whole now we shall save
having it read twicc.
The SPEAKER. It is to be presumed that
the Committee of thc.Wliole will proceed with
the reading of the bill where it is left off in the
House. That, however, will be for the com-
mittee to determine.
Tho question was taken on Mr. Stokes'a
motion, that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. STOKES. I move that the House now
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. What has become of the
motion to limit the debate in Committee of the
Whole to ten-minute speeches ?
Mr. STOKES. I submitted that motion in
connection with the other.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could not
make that as a preliminary motion. That re-
sult must bo accomplished by the Committee
of the Whole having first considered the bill,
and rising for instructions from the House to
that effect.
The House then resolved itself into Com-
mittee of tho Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of House bill No. 424, to provide
for taking the ninth census of the United States,
and to fix the number of the members of the
House of Representatives and to provide for
their future apportionment among the several
States.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the first reading of this bill in Committee of the
Whole will begin from the point reached in tho
reading of the bill in the House.
No objection was made; and the reading of
the bill was then concluded.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will now be
read by sections for amendment.
The first section was then read, as follows :
Be it enacted by tho Senate mid Home of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That there ahull be established in the Depart-
ment of the Interior an oOice, to bo denominated the
census office, the chief officer of which shall be called
the superintendent of the census, whose duty it shall
bo, under the direction of the head of the Depart-
ment, to superintend and direct tho taking of the
ninth census of the United States in accordance with
the laws relating thereto, and to perform such other
duties as may be required by law.
Mr. STOKES obtained the floor, but yield-
ed to
Mr. SCHENCK, who said: I would ask
unanimous consent, before the discussion upon
this bill shall begin, that all speeches be lim-
ited to ten minutes each after tho members of
the committee reporting the bill shall have
presented their explanation of it.
The CHAIRMAN. Unanimous consent can-
not be given in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If my colleague
[Mr. Sohbkck] will allow me, I desire to say
that I would not like to do anything which
would seem to restrict any needful general
debate upon this bill. As one member of the
committee that reported the bill I would be
quite willing to allow all desirable debate. But
I agree with my colleague [Mr. Schexck] that
as soon as we can come to the ten-minute
debate I should be glad to do it. There are
two or three members of the committee who
desire to speak a short time, not lengthily I
believe; but if there be other members of the
House who may wish to discuss this matter
more fully than they can do in ten minutes I
do not wish to cut them off.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Do£s the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Stokes] yield to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood?!
Mr. STOKES. Yes, sir.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, I apprehend
that there cannot be any very great length of
general debate upon this subject except by
members of the committee, who are more fully
familiar with this question than other members
of the House can be supposed to be. But I
do think there are many sections of this bill so
exceedingly important that they will require
for their elucidation a much longer tirae for
debate than we can have under the ten-minute
rule. I refer more particularly to those ques-
tions relating to representation, to the num-
ber of members that shall compose this House.
I also refer to many of the questions to be
propounded to citizens for the purpose of
obtaining statistics of a religious and social
character. These subjects open a very wide
field of discussion; and therefore I hope that
the suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio, by
which debate upon such subjects would be
limited to ten minutes, may not prevail.
Mr. CULLOM. Objection being made to
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Sciienck,] I suggest to the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Stokes] that the consid-
eration of the bill be proceeded with in accord-
ance with the rules.
Mr. STOKES. Mr. Chairman, it is known
to the House'that at the close of the last ses-
sion the Committee on the Census was author-
ized to sit during the recess. A sub-committee,
of which my friend from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
was made chairman, was organized, and took
this subject in charge; and the members of
that sub-committee have labored, not only for
weeks but for months, in order to perfect a
proper bill and prepare the necessary schedule
for the taking of the ninth ceusus. This is a
work in which every person in the United
States is interested. It does not involve any
political question, but is a matter in which
every man and woman of the country should
feel an interest. It is the desire on all hands
that we shall have a full and complete census.
When the committee returned here this winter
we met the sub-committee and examined their
work, which we have presented to this House.
Too much credit cannot be given to the chair-
man of the sub-committee and the gentlemen
who were associated with him in the prepara-
tion of this measure for the industry and skill
with which_ they have performed their work.
As the bill is one of so much importance, and
as my friend from Ohio has as chairman of
the sub-committee investigated the subject
thoroughly, I feel it due to him, notwithstand-
ing the fact that the Speaker of the House
appointed me to the position of chairman of
the committee proper, that I should yield the
floor to him, and let him have the control and
management of this bill. He understands it:
he has studied it: and I am sure that he and
