2292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
mb] himself deemed it of so much importance
that he drew it with his own hand, and pro-
posed it in the Committee ott Reconstruction)
where it was unanimously passed, without one
dissenting voice. I adhere to the opinion that
I then hold, that it is a matter of very grave im-
portance. And for the purpose of estimating
its importance, and of ascertaining how very
pertinent and appropriate such a proviso is in a
bill of this character with reference to Texas,
I desire to refer briefly to the circumstances
under which Texas catue into the Union as a
State of the Union. Texas originally comprised
the northern portion of the republic of Mex-
ico. The people of Texas revolted against the
Mexican Government about the year 1830 or
1831. After many efforts on the part of the
republic of Mexico to suppress that rebellion
the people of Texas finally succeeded, and
established an independent nation and organ-
ized a republican form of government. It
treated with nations and was treated with by
nations in return. It was as much an inde-
pendent Power and an independent nation as
is the United States of America to-day.
While mthat condition of nationality, under
no obligations to nor in any connection with
either the republic of Mexico or the Kepub-
lic of the United States, we treated with that
republic for the purpose of annexing its ter-
ritory to that of the United States. Commis-
sioners were sent to Galveston or to Houston,
the capital of the republic of Texas, with thai
object. The Government of Texas was accred-
ited to the Government of the United States ;
and finally the President of the United States
did actually enter into a treaty with the repub-
lic of Texas, which was to result in the annex-
ation of that republic to the United Slates;
but the Senate omitted to ratify that treaty, as
it has done ilia similar case at the present time.
Then, for the purpose of accomplishing the
same thing, by the indirect process of a joint
resolution, the substantive propositions of the
treaty which had been agreed to by President
Houston, of Texas, and the then President of
the United States, President Tyler, were incor-
porated into a joint resolution, which was passed
by both Houses of Congress and approved by
the President on March 1, 1845. That joint
resolution is a treaty. It has all the forms of
a treaty ; it has the conditions and guarantees
of the treaty in which the United States upon
the one side declaies that it will admit Texas
into the Union as a State, and Texas upon the
other side consents, provided certain guaran-
tees are given to the people of that State, upon
certain declared propositions uuu questions.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butlerj has had read a portion of the second
section of that joint resolution which refers to
the reserved right of the people of that State
to have slavery south of the parallel of 36° GO',
according to the wishes of the people of that
portion of the State. Let me call attention to
the phraseology of the second section of that
joint resolution. It provides—
"That tho foregoing consent of Congress is given
upon the following conditions, and with tho follow-
ing guarantees," &e.
That is tho language, " with the following
guarantees." What were those guarantees?
The third was:
"New States of convenient size, not exceeding
four in number, in addition to said State of Texas,
and having sufficient population, may hereafter by
tho consent of said State bo formed out ofthe terri-
tory thereof, which shall bo ontitied to admission
under tho provisions of the Federal Constitution,
and such States as may be formed out of that portion
of said territory lying south of 36° 30' north lat-
itude, commonly known as the Missouri compromise
line, shall be admitted into the Union with or with-
out slavery, as the people of such State asking ad-
mission may desire; and in such State or States as
shall bo formed out of said territory north of said
Missouri oompromiso line slavery or involuntary
servitude (exccpt for crime) shall bo prohibited."
Now, the gentleman from. Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] endeavors to explain the very
peculiar position he has placed himself in with
reference to this proviso in consequence of
theeonstruction at the other end of the Capitol
that this proviso- was virtually a recognition of
the institution of slavery in Texas. I do not
so understand the effect of the proviso. In
my judgment it is to establish two great prin-
ciples. In regard to one of those principles
this is the first instance in the history of re-
construction that Congress has recognized the
existence of any reserved rights and preroga-
tives on the part of any State whatever. Con-
gress has heretofore assumed that the rebel-
lion wiped out all conditions-precedent of the
original admission of any of thoSe States into
the Union; that by rebellion they had forfeited
everyright of every character. But this proviso
reported by the Committee on ^Reconstruction
of this House and adopted unanimously by this
House does recognize that so far as Texas is
concerned nothing in this act shall affect in any
manner the conditions and guarantees—using
the language of the joint resolution of March 1,
18-15—upon which the State of Texas was ad-
mitted into and annexed to tho United States
as a State of this Union.
Secondly, sir, I deem tho proviso important
and I favor its adoption, not only becauso it
recognizes this original reserved right upon tho
part of a portion of tho people of the State of
Texas, but also because it recognizes the prin-
ciple that there are rights of some character
inhering in those people.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is very singular that in
the lieconstruction Committee, where we have
not only the distinguished chairman himself
but the chairmen of leading committees of this
House, embracing some of the ablest lawyers
and most influential and popular members of
the majority of this body, every ono of them
voted for this proviso. When the honorable
chairman himself proposed it, and said that in
his judgment it was necessary to incorporate
in tho bill such a proviso, I did not know but
that the gentleman had a lucid interval; that
ho was returning to his former pro-slavery prin-
ciples and theories. I did not suppose that we
were rebnacting slavery, but I did know that
in the original act the guarantees and condi-
tions of which this proviso proposed to main-
tain, the people of a certain portion ofthe State
of Texas did have the right to have slavery or
not as they might think proper.
Now, sir, the Senate suddenly discovered
that this proviso is susceptible of a construc-
tion which may revive slavery in Texas. They
seek to strike out a provision of such grave
importance and consequence upon the hypoth-
esis that peradventure, in some form or other,
directly or indirectly, by some implied con-
struction, slavery is to be reestablished in
Texas. Why, Mr. Speaker, slavery can never
be reestablished in tho United Slates. Gen-
tlemen need not seek to frighten the ignorant
masses who to some extent are following their
standard by holding up before them (he imagin-
ary danger of the reestablishment of slavery in
some portion of the United States under some
possible condition or circumstances.
It may be said that Texas has adopted tho
thirteenth amendment, which forever excludes
within tho United States such a thing as invol-
untary servitude; and it may be said also that
tho right,which once existed has already been
abandoned by the people living in that part of
Texas south of 38° 30'. Sir, much can be
said upon the other side of the question. I
do not argue it, because 4t is not a practical
question. In the House I always endeavor to
address myself to practical questions which
have some useful bearing upon the measures
before the House. But I do hold that the
original compact should not be violated ; that
tho. conditions and guarantees of the treaty
between these high contracting parties, tho
republic of Texas and the Republic of the Uni-
ted States—conditions restrictive of our power,
and guarantees conducive to the rights of the
people of Texas—should not be grossly disre-
garded. lam therefore in favor of retaining
this proviso in the bill, as showing that we are
not disposed to violate this treaty, which under
the Constitution of the United States is a part
of the supreme law of the land. I hold that
Congress has no right thus to violate a solemn
treaty. Hence I submit it is the duty of this
House to adhere to the proposition which it
has unanimously adopted. 8o much is due to
the great question involved in the proposition
before the House.
[Here the hammer foil.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I not
yield to my colleague on the committee, the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I voted for this
proviso in committee and also in the House;
but I repudiate the absurd construction which
has been put upon it in the othef end of the
Capitol. It has been said there by the chair-
man of the Senate Judiciary Committee that
"the bill as it passed the House of Repre-
sentatives provides, contrary to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, Ibr admitting slave
States in Texas if the people desire it." 1
read Ills exact words ftom the Globe of this
morning. Now, let us see whether this pro-
viso is obnoxious to toy such interpretation.
Its language is this:
" Provided further. That this act shall notatfcct in
any manner tho conditions! arid guarantees upon
which tho State of Texas was annexed and admitted
as a Slate."
If this proviso had declared that this act
should confirm or restore or perpetuate the
guarantees and conditions upon which tho State
of Texas was admitted, then indeed it might
be said with truth that tho object of the proviso
would be to establish, restore, or perpetuate
slavery in Texas, or to provide for the admis-
sion of slave Slates in Texas. If, on the other
hand, the language of this proviso had been,
" This act shall abrogate and destroy the guar-
antees and conditions under which Texas was
admitted into the Union," then it might be
said that the object of the proviso would be to
abrogate those conditions or guarantees, and
destroy or prohibit slavery in Texas. But the
proviso is that the act shall not itself affect
those guarantees and conditions one way or
the other. How absurd and monstrous, then,
to charge that the object or effect of the pro-
viso was to provide 1'or admitting slave States
formed out of the territory of Texas if the
people should desire it! How absurd to charge
that it confirms or restores or perpetuates any
guarantees or conditions of the joint resolution
by which Texas was annexed, or of any other
joint resolution or act of Congress! Why, sir,
the proviso expressly excludes from the oper-
ation of tho bill the guarantees and conditions
under which Texas was admitted, and it leaves
them to be affected by the Constitution of the
United States, by other laws of the United
States, and by subsisting treaties, if subsisting
treaties there are, which relate to this subject.
The express provision is that the act itself shall
not affect these guarantees or conditions.
Sir, there are constitutional provisions which
may affect this case. The thirteenth, four-
teenth, and fifteenth amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States will probably step
in and affect these guarantees if those amend-
ments of the Constitution of the United States
shall be held valid in Texas as well as in the
other States. The effect of this proviso was
to leave to those amendments of the Federal
Constitution their legitimate and proper effect
upon this ease. I was willing to put that pro-
viso in the bill in order to make a plain, explicit
declaration that it was not the purpose of the
committee or the purpose of the House by tbis
bill to change the effect of subsisting constitu-
tional, or statutory-, or treaty provisions appli-
cable to this case. Without that proviso the
case would be virtually the same. Strike out
the proviso and you really leave the case just
where it would stand with that proviso iu the
bill. In neither event will the bill affect those
guarantees or conditions at all. Iii -One case
this will result froia aft express provision of the
