8236
THE4 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
May 4,
shall net bethreatened every year with a change,
with new rates of duty. Place capital and
labor in the power of Congress, ever changing
in political sentiment, and you effectually crush
out enterprise and retard the development of
Our great and varied resources. Let capital
know whether your policy will be uniform.
Place high duties this year and reduce them
next year, and you create such distrust as to
force capital to seek another and a different
field for its operations. If it be our policy to
impose such a duty as to starve out the labor-
ing men of the land, you must send our peo-
ple away and force capital cmt of the country.
If ample protection is to be our policy, it
should be known and acknowledged. Then
you will give confidence and security to the
capital of the country; then yon could invite
foreign capital here with the assurance that it
would find a safe and certain security in the
vast improvements and manufactories all over
the Stages of this Union.
The policy of this Government upon this
question of a tariff within the last thirty years
has been most extraordinary. Under the tariff
of 1842 iron was $9 per ton. The tariff of 1846
made it 80 per cent.; not much, if any, reduc-
tion, yet it was changed. That was denomin-
ated a free-trade tariff, yet I consider it to-day
the fairest of all. The tariff of 1857 reduced
pig iron to 24 per cent. The tariff of 1862
reduced pig iron to $6; this was under a Repub-
lican Administration and Congress; while the
tariff of . 1864 raised it to $9 per ton, where it
still remains; and it is proposed by the com-
mittee to reduce it to $7 per ton. The Radi-
cals here are not content with this reduction,
and the great leader of this House, from Mas-
sachusetts, proposes to reduce it to $5.
We who represent large interests here have
aright to complain of this reduction; we com-
plain that.it unsettles the business of the coun-
try, and we complain that now, when unjust,
no equal, and onerous taxation oppresses the
-people, you should not strike down an interest
that has contributed so much to make the
nation' prosperous and powerful. And, sir,
for my own people, representing their varied
and important interests, I protest against-your
action upon this subject. I protest against it,
too, in the name of the laborer, the mechanic,
and in behalf of the great agricultural interests
of the State I have the honor in part to repre-
sent. You strike down the great furnaces,
rolling-mills, forges, and workshops of Penn-
sylvania, and the fatal blow reaehes every man
in the Commonwealth. It does more, sir; it
affects the whole country, North, East, West,
and South. It will depress trade, labor, agri-
culture, and all kinds of business far beyond
the limits of a single State. Nor is this the
time, - this the hour to strike such a blow,
when we are oppressed with a national debt
of millions without ability now to meet it.
-I shall vote, therefore, for the highest duty
proposed upon pig iron, as will every member
of the delegation, I have no donbt, from my
State.
It- will not be in the interest of monopoly.
No man on this floor detests more heartily
than I do the men who seek to build up monop-
olies upon the labor of others. I shall vote
for these measures because it is demanded in
- justice and in right. I conceive it to be to the
interests of the poor men whom I represent,
and whose interests here I trust I shall always
protect and defend. You reduce theduty upon
yon, and yon reduce the price of labor. Eng-
land and France and Belgium cheapen labor
wheathey produce cheap iron.
Bntfeir, one word more. The discussion on
this bill has mostly been confined to the Rad-
ical portion of this House. I have listened to
this debate from the beginning. The free-trade
theories of the Republican leaders have reached
beyond this Capitol. Your speeches, your votes
are before the country. The motion to reduce
too® below the rate proposed by your commit-
tee erases from-your chief and leader. Yon
have resistless power in both branches of Con-
gress; you must take all the responsibility 5
you must take all the odium that attaches to
this legislation; you cannot, you shall not
escape that responsibility before the people.
If you deceive them now be prepared to meet
their condemnation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COVODE. I will withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment. |
The question recurred upon the amendment 1
of Mr. Ingersoll, to reduce the duty on steel j
car wheels proposed in the bill from 3 J to 2f
cents per pound.
Mr. CESSNA. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to make the duty 3 cents per pound.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment; and upon a division
there were1—ayes 64, noes 50; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cessna and
Mr. Ingersoll were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 70, noes 67.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the amend1
ment, as amended; and upon a division there ;
were—ayes 62, noes 50; no qoornm voting.
Tellers Were ordered; and Mr. Maynard
and Mr. Jtrox> were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 73, noes 43.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend by
adding to the pending paragraph the following:
Provided. That after tho 1st of January, 1871, the
duty shall be 2? cents per pound. i
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the commit-
tee rise. " }
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker \
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler re- j
ported that the Committee of the Whole oir
the state of the Union had, according to order, j
had under consideration the state of the Union j
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No. j
1068) to amend existing laws relating to the f
duty on imports, and for other purposes, and |
had come to no resolntion thereon. j
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. j
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly etrrolled bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles 5 when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 486) to extend the time
for the completion of the military road from
Port Wilkins, at Copper Harbor, is the State
of Michigan, to Fort Howard, at Green Bay,
in the 8tete of Wisconsin .
An act (H. R. No. 858) for the relief of
Charles C. McCrary;
An act (H. R. No. 988) to amend an act
entitled "An act. to enforce mechanics' liens
on buildings in the District of Columbia
An act (H. R. No. 1025!) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish in the District of .
Columbia a house of correction for boys," ,
approved July 25, 1866;
An act (H. R. No. 1337) granting a pension
to Thomas Clair;
An act (H. R. No. 1594) to amend an act ,
entitled "An act to incorporate the Freed-
men's Savings and Trust Company," approved
March 3, 1865;
An aet (H. R. No. 1595) to amend an act
entitled "An act providing for the taking of
the seventh and subsequent censuses of the
United States, and to fix the number of the
members of the House of Representatives,
and to provide for their future apportionment
among the several States," approved May 23, ,
1850;
An act (H. R. No. 1766) in relation, to the \
Iowa river, in the State of Iowa;.
An act (H. R. No. 1892) making appropri- j
ation to satisfy a judgment obtained against J
Granville M. Dodge, late an officer of the
United States, and others, for acts done by
them in the line of their duty;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 131) granting
an American register to the British-built
schooner W. D. B.:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 208) for the
relief of Roswell M. Shurtleff, of New York;
and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 222) granting
condemned guns for soldiers' monuments at
Fairmount cemetery, Newark, New Jersey.
leave OF absence.
Mr. GIBSON obtained leave of absence for
two days.
Mr. WHEELER obtained leave of absence
till Monday next.
Mr. McCARTHY obtained leave of absence
for two days.
Mr. CESSNA obtained leave of absence for
the first three days of next week.
Mr. POMEROY obtained leave of absence
for to-morrow.
Mr. BINGHAM obtained leave of absence
for to-morrow.
Mr. WITCHER obtained leave of absence
for twenty days from Monday next.
Mr. NEGLEY obtained leave of absence
for six days from next Thursday morning.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
now adjourn.
committee clerks, etc.
Mr. CAKE. I hope my colleague [Mr.
Randall] will withdraw his motion that I may
present a privileged report. I am directed by
the Committee on Accounts to report the fol-
lowing resolution :
Heeolved. That, tho Committee on Revolutionary
Claims and tho Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions and War of 1812 be each allowed to employ a
clerk from April 1,1870, and during the present ses-
sion of Congress, at $4 S0j>bt day; and also that a
messenger be stationed in the Speaker's room from
-tlnrssme date at $3 60 per day.
Mr. COX. I understand that this resolu-
tion proposes to provide a messenger to be
stationed in the Speaker's room. To that I
think no one will object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cake] will report a
separate resolution providing for such a mes-
senger I am sure no one will object to it; but
there is too much in this resolution.
Mr. SARGENT. Cannot the question be
divided, so that the vote may be taken on the
propositions separately?
Mr. CAKE. I am willing that the resolution
shall be divided.
Mr. RANDALL. I insist on my motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. COBB, of North Carolina: The peti-
tion of FennerJ. Satchwell, of Beaufort county,
North Carolina, praying for the removal of his
political disabilities.
By Mr. COBURN: A remonstrance of citi-
zens of Indianapolis, Indiana, against the ex-
tension of John Young's patent for washing
and wringing machines.
By Mr. FERRISS: A petition of 109 mem-
bers of the New York Legislature, asking such
legislation as will allow thg masters of vessels
entering or leaving Lake Champlain by way of
the Richelieu river to enter and clear their
vessels and pay duties at the port of Rouse's
Point, which is the first port of entry reached
by vessels coming from Canada.
Also, a petition of 44 citizens of the district
of Champlain, asking th/3 same legislation.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of Samuel
Silsbyand others, asking for a reduction of the
duties upon tea, coffee, sugar, and molasses.
