5124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves an amendment,
which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That all acts of Congress
relating to naturalization be, and the saino are hereby,
amended by striking out the word "white" where
ever it occurs; so that in naturalization there shall
be no distinction of race or color.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I have to say that
that is worth all the rest of the bill put together.
That is a section that is pure gold. It will do
more for the character, and honor, and good
name of this Republic than all the rest of the
bill. I am for the rest of the bill, but this is
better than all the rest. Now I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEWART. That is a proposition to
extend naturalization, not to those who desire
to become citizens, but to those who are being
imported as slaves. I propose first to abolish
slavery. I propose to liberate tiiese persons
before they shall be naturalized by their mas-
ters for the purpose of carrying elections.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I appeal to my friend?
I appeal to him to let us vote, because if this
amendment is adopted I shall certainly absolve
him from any agreement, and he may then talk
as long as he likes; but, inasmuch as I vote
against this amendment solely upon the ground
that in honor I cannot go for it here when his
mouth and the mouths of others are closed, I
hope he will let us vote. If we arc to have a
fuil debate I shall vote for the amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to say that I vote
against it for the same reason assigned by the
Senator from Vermont.
Mr. TIPTON. I wish to say that before this
question is ever settled in this country Senators
will have to meet the issue whether Christian
civilization can be sacrificed or brought in dan-
gerous eompetion with any system of paganism.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall adhere to
our agreement.
Mr. THURMAN. Ireally do not understand
the course that has been pursued. [" Order 1"]
I rise to a question about our understanding.
We agreed to take the vote at a certain hour;
we agreed to that unanimously. If this amend-
ment is within the scope of that agreement,
then there should be no debate upon it. Some
Senators do not think it is within the scope of
the agreement. I do not know whether it was
in the minds of Senators when the agreement
was made; but I think it is an amendment per-
fectly germane to the bill, and of which the
Senator from Massachusetts had given us the
amplest notice, months of notice, years of no-
tice, and I therefore think, that being the case,
the agreement ought to be applied to it, unless
it be that Senators are taken by surprise. I
hope, therefore, we shall vote on this question,
and I hope my friends will have learned what
the Declaration of Independence means by this
time. That is all that is necessary.
Mr. WILSON. After what has been said,
this debate should not be continued by only
one side. The unanimous agreement has been
violated by several Senators.
Mr. THURMAN. What does the Senator
mean by the words'' after what has been said ?:'
Does he refer to me ?
Mr. WILSON. I refer to the fact that our
understanding has been violated by severol
Senators, and that, too, in spite of our protests.
Mr. THURMAN. This is the first time I
have said a word since five o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. Sir, after what has taken
place, after this repeated violation of our
plighted faith, the agreement is at an end.
Several Sesatoks. Oh, no.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir, the agreement
entered into by unanimous consent, and bind-
ing upon us all, having been violated more
than once by several Senators, is at an end.
A solemn agreement binding in honor has
been violated in a manner not to be tolerated,
and I regard the engagement as broken; and
I give notice now that I shall so treat it. ■
Being at liberty now to speak, I shall state
briefly my position. Everybody knows that
the country has been greatly demoralized by
the loose, corrupt, and corrupting administra-
tion of the naturalization laws. Honest men
who love their country, and who would pre-
serve the purity of elections, have for years
demanded reform. The best talent of the
country has labored to devise remedies for
these admitted abuses. I would not, and I am
sure no considerable portion of the American
people would put obstacles in the way of for-
eigners becoming citizens of the United States.
But the purity of the ballot-box is essential to
the perpetuity of free institutions in America.
This bill from the Judiciary Committee, upon
which much labor has been bestowed, was
intended to correct abuses that glare upon us
on all sides. I have indulged the hope that
something of the kind would be sanctioned by
Congress. Desirous of securing a needed re-
form, I voted against the proposed amendment
to this bill, to strike the word "white'' outof
the naturalization law. I thought it endangered
the passage of the bill, and I did not wish to
put it in peril. Sir, I am not afraid of being
misunderstood, nor of being misrepresented.
I hope I have character enough to allow me to
vote against any amendment that endangers
the passage of a bill of practical importance.
Sir, there is now but little left of the measure.
Mr. CONKLING. The last two sections,
inserted on my motion, are very valuable.
Mr. WILSON. If the honorable Senator
who has charge of the measure deems those
sections valuable I will stand by them, as I
stood by his bill, and vote against this or any
oilier amendment that endangers its passage.
After thirty-four years of earnest and consist-
ent labor, in season and out of season, in
behalf of the equal rights of all men, of every
clime and race, I trust it is not necessary that
I should vote for an amendment that endan-
gers the passage of a practical measure to
reform corrupting and dangerous abuses, for
the purpose of proving my devotion to the
rights of man or of maintaining my consist-
ency. Nor is it necessary that I should pro-
claim here and now how I should vote, should
that question come up on its own merits as a
separate, distinct, and independent measure.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the 4th of Julyis
a good day to pass this amendment. I want to
make my remarks on this amendment on the
4th of July. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HOWELL. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns it adjourn to meet on Tuesday.
The PRESIDENT_pro tempore. No motion
is in order until the motion to adjourn is first
decided.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we vote down the mo-
tion to adjourn, then a motion to adjourn to
Tuesday will be in order.
TheIMtESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The Senate refused to adjourn—ayes ten,
noes not counted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Tuesday.
Mr. CONKLING and Mr. EDMUNDS.
That is not in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is in order. Why not?
Mr. HAMLIN. Because there is a pending
question.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I move, then, to postpone
the pending and all other orders, for the pur-
pose of making amotion that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Tuesday
next.
The PRESIDENT fro tempore. That mo-
tion is in order.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not this motion in
derogation of the understanding by which wo
were to vote ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainlv.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Illi-
nois means to observe that understanding. He
has stood true to it. If we are to have a vote
on this bill, two sections of which are valua-
ble, we must get it to-night. Therefore I
ask the Senator from Illinois not to move to
postpone, but let us vote; and after that he
wilt have the opportunity to make his motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stand by the_ agree-
ment; but for the purpose of settlingthis ques-
tion as to when we meet again, I make this
motion now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
to postpone the pending and all prior orders,
for the purpose of proceeding to consider the
motion indicated by the Senator from Illinois.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 21, noes 24.
Mr. CONKLING. Now let us vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sxjmner,] upon which the
and nays have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. FOWLER. As I stated before, I was
paired with the Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Abbott] on amendments then existing ;
but this amendment was not then proposed. 1
am not paired with him, therefore, on this
amendment. I vote " yea."
The result was announced—yeas 27, nays
22; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Carpenter, Conkling,
Fenton, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harris, Howe, Kel-
logg, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill ofVormont, Patter-
son, JPomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, ltoss,
Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, fSprague, Sumner, Thayer,
and Trumbull—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Casserly, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Davis, I)rakc, lSdmunds, Harlan, How-
ell, Johnsion, McCreory, Morton, Stewart, Stockton,
Thurman, Tipton, Vickcrs, Warner, Willey, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—22.
AByjSNT — Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, CatteU, Chandler, Cole,
Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton
of Texas, Howard, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Nye,
Osborn, Pool,Revels, Saulsbury, Sherman, Spencer,
and Yates-—23.
So the amendmont, was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. Now, I think it is clear
that I am absolved from ativ agreement.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Why so?
Mr. STEWART. Wrhy so? I never have
made any such agreement. I never have made
an agreement to extend naturalization to the
Chinese on a bill to regulate naturalization. I
say it is a violation of the agreement to take
up another bill, a plain, palpable, clear viola-
tion of the agreement. I appeal to every fair
man if I am not entitled to discuss this ques-
tion upon this bill now ; aud before I proceed
I want a vote of the Senate whether I am to
proceed to explain what the Senate is about to
do. I ask leave to be heard.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let me offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. STEWART. No; I want to know what
is to be done, since there has been this much
done. I ask leave to speak. I will not vio-
late the agreement if a majority of the Senate
say I am doing it.
Will the Senator give way
I want the sense of the
Mr. SPRAGUE.
a moment?
Mr. STEWART.
Senate.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senator
from Nevada be permitted to make such re-
marks and at such length as he chooses.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is unnecessary. The agreement was
made by unanimous consent; but thete is no
power in the Chair to enforce it, aud any Sen-
ator has a right to speak.
Mr. STEWART. But I do not want to be
placed in the position of violating an agree-
ment. 1 want to know whether it is the sense
of the Senate that we shall be heard on this
question before there is action. I have been
for twenty years the friend of the Chinese, and
I have done as much for them as any.Senator
here, or as any other individual in the United
