1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4181
thrown, and that the Government should itself
become the manufacturer of the currency of
the country, will doubtless oppose this bill in
ail its provisions. There are a lew gentlemen,
whose opinions I very greatly respect, who
believe such a substitution ought to take place.
I disagree with them for the following reasons:
In the first place, it is the experience of ail
nations, and it is the almost unanimous decis-
ion of all statesmen and financial writers, that
no nation can safely undertake tlie supplying
of its people with a paper currency issued
directly by the officers of the Government.
And, to apply that principle to our own country,
let me ask if gentlemen believe it to be safe to
subject any political party who may be in power
in this Government to the great temptation of
over-issues of paper money in lieu of taxation V
In times of high political excitement, and on
the eve of a general election, when there might,
happen to be a deficiency in the revenues of
the country, and Congress were called upon to
supply that deficiency by additional taxation,
the temptation would be overwhelming to sup-
ply that deficit by an increased issue of paper
money. Thus the whole business of tho coun-
try, the value of all contracts, the prices of all
commodities, the wages of labor, would all
depend upon a vole in Congress. For one, I
dare not trust the great industrial interests of
this country to such uncertain and hazardous
chances.
But suppose that Congress and the Admin-
istration should be always superior to such
political temptations, I affirm, in the sec-
ond place, that no human legislature is wise
enough to determine how much currency the
wants of this country require. Test it in this
House to-'Jay. Let every member mark down
the amount which lie believes the business of
the country requires, and who docs not know
that the amounts will vary by hundreds of
millions?
But a third objection, stronger even than
the last, is this : that such a currency possesses
no power of adapting itself to the business of
the country. Suppose the total issues should
be five hundred millions, or seven hundred mil-
lions, or any ameunt you please; it might bo
abundant for spring and summer, and yet when
the great body of agricultural products were
moving off to market in the fall that amount
might be totally insufficient. Fix any volume
you please, aud if it be just sufficient at one
period it may be redundant at another, or in-
sufficient at, another. No currency can meet
the wants of this country thai is not founded
directly upon the demands of business, and not
upon the caprice, the ignorance, the political
selfishness of the party in power.
What regulates now the loans and discounts
and credits of our national banks ? The busi-
ness of the country. The amount increases or
decreases, or remains stationary, as business
is fluctuating or steady. This is a natural form
of exchanges, based upon the business oi the
country and regulated by its changes. And
when that happy day arrives that the whole
volume of our national bank currency is re-
deemable in gold at the will of the holder, and
has reached that measure of value recognized
by all nations as the money of the world, the
whole business of banking, the whole vol-
ume of currency, the whole amount of credits,
whether in the form of checks, drafts, or bills,
will be regulated by the same general law, the
business of the country. The business ot the
country is like the level of the ocean, from
which all measurements are made of heights
and depths. Though tides and currents may
for a time disturb, aud tempests vex and toss
its surface, still, through calm and storm the
grand level rules all its waves and lays its
measuring-lines on every shore. So the busi-
ness of the country, which, in the aggregated
demands of the people for exchange ot values,
marks the ebb and ilow, the rise and tall oi tne
currents of trade, and forms the base-line from
which to measure ail our financial legislation,
and the only rule by which the volume of our
currency can be determined.
But there is another point which I desire to
call attention to. Whatever may have been
our opinions and wishes hitherto, since this
session began the Supreme Courtof the United
States have made a decision which adds a new
and important element to this question. They
have declared that the legal-tender notes are
not and cannot be made a legal tender for debts
contracted before their issue. Now, I ask
gentlemen to remember that my friend from
Illinois [Mr. Ixoeesoll] who is the champion
of greenback issues, realized at once the im-
portance aud effect of that decision ; for within
two or three days after the decision was an-
nounced—I believe il, was the very next day—
ho proposed an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, providing that it should
be lawful for Congress to authorize the issue
of Treasury notes, and make them a legal
tender in the payment of all debts, thereby
admitting that he believed such an amendment
necessary, in order that such an issue could be
made.
Gentlemen may say that we can issue these
paper notes, omitting the quality of legal-tender
juovision. But does any one think it wise or
safe to add another element of distraction and
uncertainty to our currency in the form of a
new currency that is not receivable for old
debts, or indeed for any debts, except aa the
parties may agree? I call the attention of gen-
tlemen to the difficulties in the way of such
legislation, in view of the laic decision of the
Supreme Court.
Mr. INGEKSOLIj. Will the gentleman
yield to me here for a question?
Mr. GARFlliLD, ot Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. IN G llltSOij 1 j. Do 1 understand the
gculleir.i-.il fiosn Ohio to assume that the Su-
preme Court have decided that it was not within
the power of Congress to make a legal tender
that would be valid for preexisting debts, and
that they did not, stop when they decided that
Congress had not, done so by the act under
which the legal tenders were issued?
Mr. CARFIELD, of Ohio. They decided
in unmistakable terms thai such a power did
not reside in Congress. N v, the decision went
much further than thi.\ The whole line of
reasoning pursued by the court leads us to the
belief that when the proper case arises that
court, unless its opinions shall have been
changed by addition to its members, will de-
cree that paper notes cannot, bo made a legal
tender by act of Congress. Indeed argument
in the dissenting opinion was that a legal
tender could be defended only as a necessary
means of carrying on the war; that it was a
war measure, based on the war power of the
Constitution. Now, all the departments of
the Government have decreed that on the 10th
of August, 186G, the war had ended.
Now, Mr. Speaker, with that condition of
things before us, will this House of .Represent-
atives venture to embark again on the bound-
less sea of irredeemable paper money, to be
issued by the direct authority ot Congress?
I must hasten to consider the second object
of the bill, that, free banking shall be authorized
on a gold basis. It may be urged that these
provisions will not now be used. It they should
not, still they will stand in the law, beckoning
and inviting the country to specie payments.
But I ana assured by many gentlemen from
those districts that on the Pacific coast banks
will be established on a gold basis. I am as-
sured, also, that in the cities of Chariestonand
New Orleans, aud to some extent, in the city
of New York, where the great international
trade is conducted in gold, such banks will
soon bo established. My friend near mefrom
Texas [Mr. Degeseu] says that in that State
they wiil be established. All the, circulation
issued under this clause of the bill—and I^call
the attention of my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Ixceusoli,] to that fact—will bo an absolute
increase of the currency.
Mr. INGI3BSOLL. I feel no assurance that
any bank will ever be organized under that sec-
tion of your bill.
Mr. GAKFIELD, of Ohio. I am assured in
the strongest terms that such banks will be
established.
There is another consideration which Idesire
to present to the House, and it is this : we are
not permitted to choose between banks and
no banks. We are not permitted to choosc
between a national banking system and agreen-
baek system managed immediately by the offi-
cers of the Treasury. The national banks exist
now only because they occupy the field and tho
ten per cent, tax on State circulation prevents
the issue of State bank notes.
If we abolish the national banks, and under-
take to conduct the business of this country by
issues of greenback currency, the influence of
all the banking interests of the country, of
all the State banks and State bank capital, will
soon compel the repeal of the ten per cent,
tax; tod then will spring up again all the
banks against which the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Incebsoll] declaimed so eloquently
a few days ago.
We are shut up, in my judgment, to one of
two things: either to maintain, extend, and
amend the present national banking system,
or to go back to the old system when every State
was tinkering at the currency, without concerl
of action and uncontrolled by any general law.
These banks were established under tho laws
of twenty-nine different States, granted differ-
ent privileges, subjected to different restric-
tions, and their circulation was based on a
great variety of securities, of different qualities
and quantities. In some States the bill-holder
was secured by the daily redemption of notes
in the principal city; in others by the pledge
of Stale, stocks, and in others by the coin re-
serves. But as Slate stocks differed greatly
in value, all tho way from the repudiated
bonds of Mississippi to the premium stock of
Massachusetts, this could give no uniformity
of security, aud tho amount of coin reserves
required in the different States was so various
as to make that kind of security almost equal ly
irregular.
It required the study of a life time to under-
stand the various systems. There were State
banks with branches, independent banks, free
banks, individual banks,banks organized under
a general law, and banks with special charters.
They represented all varieties of condition and
credits. They were solvent, suspended, closed,
wound up, broken, according as the fluctua-
tions of trade, and the wisdom or folly, the
honesty or rascality of their managers dic-
tated. Their notes had no uniformity of value,
and nearly all of them—especially of the West
and South—lost heavily in current valno when
carried beyond the limits of the State.
Kxamine a Bank-Note .Reporter for 1862-Go,
and consider the mass of trash there set down
as the paper currency of the country.
In November, 18(52, the circulation in the
1 oval States was $107,000,000. The State secur-
ities for this amount were only $40,000,000,
leaving over §120,000,000 inadequately pro-
vided for. In only nine of the States did the
law require the circulation to be secured by
State bonds.
In the State of Illinois, from 1851 to 18G3,
the failures of banks numbered eighty-nine,
and their paper was reduced from one hundred
per cent, to thirty-eight in some instances.
Of the $12,000,000 of bank circulation in Illi-
nois tho people lost two or three millions
dircctly, besides the indirect loss of as many
millions more by derangementof business and
ruin to private interests. ^ _
Of ten suspended banks in Minnesota tne
notes were redeemed at an average oi less i-lian
thirty cents on the dollar. .
O f thirty-six broken banks of Wiscou us only
six redeemed their notes at so high a t.ite ^,3
eighty cents on the dollar. . ..
Even as early as 1800, a time ot cc.n*
