1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1349
believe that if you purge the polls you will find
that some one lias been elected, and without
reference to party or personal like or dislike,
nhich 1 admit, ought to have nothing to do with
this matter, believing that somebody has been
elected in tlis.it district, and looking into the
vote, being led to such examination by the
wonderful exhibition of the frauds which have
bee-i practiced there, I have been enabled, with
satisfaction in my own mind as to the correct-
ness of the judgment, to come to the conclusion
that the man duly elected is the contestant in
this case; and I shall vote accordingly.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker, at the election
in the fall of 18G8 there occured in the State
of New York a fraud, or a series of frauds, on
the election franchise, so unusual, so audacious,
and so overwhelming that it challenged the
attention of the whole country. This House
appointed a committee especially charged with
the investigation of those frauds. I had the
good fortune, or ill, as it may be, to have been
a member of that committee, and in the per-
formance of ray duty on that committee to go
into that eleventh district of the State of New
York to look into these frauds as they affected
this district. This district lies, as the House
is well aware, upon the Hudson river, not far
from the city of New Y'ork, in such a situation
that whatever happens in that city operates
directly and easily upon it. We found in this
investigation that iu the State of New York
two courts had naturalized as high as fifty
thousand new citizens in the fall of that year,
and they had issued certificates of naturalization
ia such manner as to prove the absolute im-
possibility there could have been any investiga-
tion by the courts at all. Going into this district
1 found that these naturalization certificates,
which, by the way, were sold in the city of New
York openly at $1 50 per hundred, could be
obtained by anybody who chose to use them.
I found they were in this district in large num-
bers. Testimony has been referred to here to
prove that fact. The testimony of Mr. Tracy,
a Democrat, shows that they were sent into
that district in a box, a common cream of tar-
tar box—I do not know the reason for their
being so sent—and they were sent to him to
the number of seventy. He received before-
hand a letter telling him that when he received
the box he need not know what it contained;
but to put it in a convenient place so that
those who wanted these papers could go and
get them without difficulty. He placed the box
in a convenient place, as he represents, and
the people came in one by one who wanted
them and took them away, and at the election
came to the polls and voted on them.
Mr. BURR. That is not the testimony in
the case at all.
Mr. BLAIR. I know that the gentleman
desired that we should follow these individuals
and see how each one of these persons voted.
How could that be done ? How could the com-
mittee find their names? All this thing was
secretly done. We found that the names of
people were asked for to be sent to the city of
New York in order to secure their naturaliz-
ation papers. Men said to persons working
on the railroads, " Don't you want to vote ; if
you do, give us your names and certificates
will be sent back to you from the city of New
York." Persons gave their names and nat-
uralization certificates were brought back by
the hundreds; but the names of the persons
who brought them back were not known. We
called persons who received these papers as
witnesses, and we asked them, " Who brought
you these papers?" The answer in almost
every case was, " Some person whom I do not
know, a stranger, brought them to me." Some
person left them at the store, or some person
put them in the post office, or they were brought
m some mysterious way ; the witness could not
tell how or by whom.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of'J Fennessee. I now yield
fot fivl tflitttttCT to tllfe 'gefltlfem&n from Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I have
not had an opportunity to examine all the evi-
dence in this case ; but I have examined it in
reference to one point, and that is with a view
to satisfy my mind sufficiently as to how this
case should be decided. The law of the State
of New Y'ork provides that when a voter is
challenged he shall take what ia known as the
'■ preliminary oath," which one of the inspect-
ors shall administer, that he shall make true
answers to the questions which may be put to
him. Now, I find that in three of the polling
places in this district, in the first ward of the
city of Newburg, in Goshen, and in the town
of Hamptonburg, the inspectors of the elec-
tion, the majority of whom were against the
contestant in this case, absolutely refused to
put that oath which the laws of New York
required to be put; that in one of the precincts
they put the oath to two or three persons who
were challenged, and who, as they were sev-
erally examined, were obliged to stand aside,
and who, in answer to the interrogatories put
to them, disclosed that they were not compe-
tent; that thereupon the inspectors changed
their tactics and refused to put the oath any
further. In another precinct they refused to
put the preliminary oath in the forenoon, but
in the afternoon they did put that oath to those
who were challenged. At the same time, how-
ever, they notified the voters that they were
not required to answer any questions that might
be propounded to them.
Mr. MAYIIAM. I would ask the gentle-
man a question. In the State of New York
if the voter takes the general oath is he not
entitled to vote?
Mr. FARNS WORTH. That is perhaps a
; question for this House to decide.
1 Mr. MAYIIAM. Does not the law so pro-
vide?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The law equally pro-
vides that the challenged person shall take the
preliminary oath. This House is the judge of the
qualifications and elections of its members, and
when the law of the State provides that oaths
shall be put to voters when they are challenged,
making it absolutely mandatory that these
inspectors shall put the oath, and that the
voters shall take it, and shall answer such ques-
tions as may be put to them, I say that wheu
the inspectors put the oath, but notified the ,
parties that they need not answer the questions
put to them, such an election must necessa-
rily be void.
I understand it also to be a rule applicable
to the decision of contested elections that
where the true state of the vote at any poll
cannot be ascertained with certainty, that poll
shall be set aside. That is the rule which has
obtained in this House in numberless instances.
I recollect of many instances in which it has
obtained since I have been a member of this
body, instances in which, when in consequence
of the misconduct of the judges of election, or
through any fraud or misconduct on the part
of others, the truth of the poll could not be
ascertained with certainty, the whole was
made void and set aside. This, it seems to me,
is the case with these polls at Goshen, the first
ward of Newburg, and Hamptonburg, because
it cannot be ascertained from the inspection
of the poll itself, nor from the examination of
witnesses outside, how many of the voters
were legal voters. The poll does not show it;
nor can you, by taking the voters before a
magistrate and examining them, ascertain for
whom they voted. You cannot get all the
voters of a ward to testify. You cannot find
them all if you go to look for theia. And
when you get them, many of them, when pro-
fessing to tell you, will not tell you truly about
their votes. It is not practicable to ascertain
the truth of a poll, when by the misconduct
of the inspectors of the election refusing to put
the oath, voters were admitted to vote who
were not competent. The truth of the poll in
such a case (can be ascertained neither by
in!!;pe*etitftl riof by ati examination of the voters.
I Under the circumstances, therefore, I consider
that these polls must of necessity be set aside.
' I find on examination that the majority for the
sitting member at these three polls was larger
than his entire majority ; so that, if these are
set aside, there is a clear majority for the con-
testant. This satisfies me that the resolutions
reported by the committee ought to be adopted.
Air. BUTLER, of Tennessee. In the short
time that is left to me to close the discussion
I shall not attempt to answer all that has been
said on the other side. But I propose briefly
to call the attention of the House to the argu-
ment of the chairman of the Committee of
Elections. I think I can demonstrate that the
gentleman does not understand the evidence in
this case, that he has not given it that attention
which the position he occupies and the relation
which he sustains to this House demanded of
him.
Sir, the gentleman invited us to examine the
testimony as to the poll in the first ward of the
city of Newburg; he tbld us that the evidence
is not satisfactory, and that he cannot give his
vote or his sanction to the declaration that so
many voted for the contestant and so many for
the contestee in that ward. He read a portion
of the evidence, but he has certainly failed to
examine the other evidence, all of which is
required to make it complete, as I argued yes-
terday, and which shows that the witness was,
beyond any question or doubt, reliable. If the
gentleman had gone further with the testimony
lie would have found that it was recognized as
truthful and genuine, both by the contestant
and contestee.
What are the facts which Jesse Merritt proves ?
Y"ou find his evidence, a portion of which has
been read, on pages 48, 41), and 50. He states
that one hundred and ten persons voted ille-
gally in the first ward of Newburg, and that
that number was, in his opinion, only a part
of those who so voted in that precinct. On
looking through his testimony you will find
that he proves in schedule A, on page 48, that
one hundred and forty persons voted illegally.
Now, sir, it makes no difference where he ob-
tained thatlist. It makes no difference who gave
him that information. Here are schedules B, C,
and D, taken from the records of the Orange
county clerk's office, and Cuddeback swears
they are true copies of records filed in his office.
Both sides recognize these schedules as true.
Merritt points out the names; and here they are,
every one of them, showing that the testimony
of Merritt is reliable and satisfactory. The gen-
tleman says he obtained the list from Clarke.
Suppose he did. It makes no difference where
Clarke got it from or under what circumstances.
It is a true copy of the record, as proven by
Cuddeback and other witnesses, and as recog-
nized by both the contestant and the contestee
in this case. He says it is but a sample of the
evidence. True, it is but a sample ; but it is
one of the strongest links in the chain of evi-
dence. It shows the truthfulness and certainty
of the information that these witnesses had, and
that they testified from facts on record in the
clerk's office of the county of Orange.
Now, it is not necessary for me to traverse
every one of the allegations which the gentle-
man from Wisconsin makes relative to these
various precincts. The number proven to have
been illegally naturalized and to have voted tor
the sitting member is in every instance put down
at the lowest figure where there was any differ-
ence of opinion; and wherever there was doubt
they were cast out in making this calculation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman from
Tennessee will allow me, I desire to ask him
the same question which I have propounded to
several gentlemen this afternoon and to whic:i
I have not yet been able to get any answer.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Well, sir,
what is it?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire the information
for the purpose of my vote.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Of course
you do.
