1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2293
statute, and in the other it will result by impli-
cation from our legislation.
I was willing to put this proviso in the bill;
but for the sake of putting this bill through the
House and admitting Texas into the Union, I
am willing to strike it out, and shall vote to
strike it out, being assured that the substan-'
tial result will be the same whether the proviso
is in or not.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish to ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts a question.
It is important in grave matters to have a rec-
ord made here—not only a statute record, but
a congressional record in the debates. I asked
the other day, when this subject was up for
discussion, whether it was the intention to
change the three articles of the solemn com-
pact of 1845, and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts answered in these words, which I will
read from the Congressional Globe:
"Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts. I will stato to
the gentleman from New York that the bill contains
no provision that will interfere with or affect the ori-
ginal conditions and guarantees in that behalf; they
will stand precisely where they were."
I wish the gentleman to make it a matter of
record now that we will stand by those three
pledges with Texas in the compact of 1845.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
know that I heard enough to comprehend the
gentleman's question; but I will restate it in
order to see whether 1 do correctly understand
it. He asks whether I think now that the ori-
ginal guarantees and conditions will be, under
the bill as amended, exactly where they were
with the proviso. Do I state the gentleman
correctly?
Mr. BROOKS, of NewYork. I wiilrestato
my proposition. There are three guarantees
with Texas under the act of 18*15; first, as
rcspects its boundary; next, surrendering to it
all the publie lands within the State of Texas,
and third, in reference to the division of Texas
into four other States in addition to the original
State of Texas, making five in all. What I
wish to know is this: I want the gentleman
from Massachusetts to state what in his judg-
ment, when wc strike out the proviso already
inserted in the bill, guarantying all these con-
ditions of the compact with the State of Texas,
will be the status of Texas when restored to
the Union? I agree that slavery has been
abolished by the Constitution of the United
States. Will those three articles of the act
of 1845 still be guarantied? Will they still
stand?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. _ Mr.
Speaker, I have said before, and I desire to
repeat with great distinetness, that iu my judg-
ment, and 1 believe in the judgment of the
Reconstruction Committee, who have had this
matter under consideration, there will be no
effect whatever to the Slate of Texas,_as to the
original conditions and guarantees under which
she was admitted, by striking out this proviso.
When the proviso was put in we did not believe
ihat it altered or changed those conditions. 1
do not believe that readmitting her now alters
or changes or affects in any way those original
guarantees.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I am glad to
hear that. Let me suggest to the gentleman
whether, in order to make that certain, it would
not be wise to non-concur and have a com-
mittee of conference so to declare in refer-
ence to those three original guarantees ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will tell
the gentleman why I think it would not be wise.
In the first place, the questionis of so little
moment as a matter of construction that I think
we ought not for one hour to detain, in order
to deal with that question, a sovereign State at
our door after she has done all that she can to
be entitled to admission. As to the questiou
of slavery being affected by what we can do
here in anyway, the idea is too preposterous to
have any lodgment for a moment. I submitted
that very question to the Committee on Recon-
struction) and although, I may be permitted to
say to the gentleman from New York, we dis-
agree on most things, yet on that, I think, we
were for onee unanimous: that this proviso had
nothing to do with the question of slavery; and
I am free to say that when I introduced this pro-
viso the thought of interfering with the question
of slavery never entered my mind. I will state
the reason why I introduced it. There are cer-
tain guarantees about the public lands and the
public debt. I was afraid that somebody might
say that it was possible that the act of Congress
admitting the State might affect the constitu-
tional rights, that is the private rights, of some
citizens of Texas. In order to prevent that,
out of abundant caution I agreed to the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] that this proviso might be introduced;
he desiring to hare it introduced because it
seemed to him a recognition of certain rights
on the part of Texas. I think it a little unkind
of him, however, to say that he supposed that
I am falling back on any pro-slavery idea which
I might ever have had; because I do not think
the question of slavery entered into his mind
or mine in connection wiih that matter.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman will permit
mo I will explain that what I said with regard
to the unanimity of the committee on this
question had reference to the question of sla-
very as a practical question. 1 do not' think
that this proviso can under any possible cir-
cumstances revive slavery in Texas. But it is
a recognition of the guarantees, and one of
those guarantees is that a portion of the peo-
ple of that Territory can have or cannot have
slavery as they see proper. Yet it is virtually
a Question which has been settled, and which
ha's no practical importance at this da.y.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman from New York would be more correct
if he said that the guarantee was that the peo-
ple "could" and "could not" have slavery.
" Can" and "cannot" aro ended. I recognize
on all occasions that slavery onee existed;
nay, I recognize that it existed as a constuu- !
tional fact, as a constitutional institution ; but
by the same Constitution it has been obliter-
ated. and there is an end of it. And while I
thought it might be of some little importance
to put in the proviso, yet after this discussion,
wherein I declare the entire unanimity of seuti-
mentin the Committee on Reconstruction that
neither with this proviso nor without the pro-
viso does the bill in anyway affect the original
guarantees and conditions tinder which lexas
was admitted—with that legislative declaration
and construction, I do not believe anybody here-
after will ever raise the question.
Mr. WTNANS. With the permission of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [ would ask him
whether the State of Texas, having been in
rebellion and having committed political sui-
cide—whether on being readmitted now the
i does not come in as a new State; whether she
! does not come in shorn of all the rights which
she may have bad beforo she committed polit-
ical suicide?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Ine gen-
tleman's question, if I understand it, is this:
whether Texas having by her rebellion com-
mitted what he calls political suicide, and hav-
ing forfeited all the conditions and guarantees
which attached to her previous standing in the
Union—whether she can now come in with the
advantage of those conditions and guarantees.
To that I answer, that that question is wholly
a judicial one, not affected by this bill. We
say that we admit her as she is, with such ngnts
as she has, with such disabilities as she has,
with such forfeitures as she has incurred. If
there are many, be it so. If there are none,
be it so. That question is one for the Supremo
Court to decide; and by our action we do not
interfere with or intermeddle with that ques-
tion. If she has committed suicide, be it so.
If she has not, be that so. We do not by this
bill take any part on that question, one way or
the other. That is a matter for her citizens to
determine, subject to the Supreme Court of
the United States, when the question comes
before it, in adjudicating; the figlitg of those
citizens. I call the previous qtt6stioti.'
The previous question was seconded and ft?,
main question ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I "do ttofc
desire to occupy the whole of the hour allotted
to me in closing the debate. I will yield five
minutes to my colleague on the committee from
Ohio, [Mr. liAWSEircE.] and then'TMl ask for
a vote. .
Mr. WOOD. Before the gentleman yields
I will say that we desire to have" the yeas £nd
nays on concurring in the amendment." '*'
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I sup-
posed so.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I do not know that I
desire to occupy the whole of the time accorded
to me. I only wish to say a word or two upon
the question now beforo the House. I under-
stood the gentleman from New York [Mr
Wood] to say that the proviso no\y under con-
sideration, and which the Senate has stricken
out of the bill for the admission of Texas, is
necessary for two reasons: first, to prevent the
establishment of slavery in Texas, and second,
to protect the reserved rights of Texas guaran-
tied by the annexation resolution of March 1,
1845.
Mr, WOOD. The gfcntleman has misunder-
stood me. I said I was in favor of the proviso
for two reasons: first, that it recognized on the
part of Congress rights such as the original
treaty with Texas guarantied; and secondly,
that it recognised the principle that a portion
of the people at least of that State had certain
rights which could not be taken away either
by the Stato or by Congress itself.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Well, Mr. Speaker, if
this proviso is necessary to protect Texas in
the enjoyment of any right it would be proper
that we should adhere to it, and not agree to
the Senate amendment to strike it out. The
question, therefore, presented to the House is
this: is the proviso necessary l'or either of the
purposes indicated by the gentleman from New
York, or rather to securc any right which Texas
or her people may justly assert? Now, unless
there be something in this bill for the admis-
sion of Texas which purports in letter or spirit
to take away some right guarantied to the
State of Texas by the annexation resolution
of March 1, 1845, or by the Constitution, then
the proviso is entirely unnecessary. Now, I
ask the gentleman from New York what pro-
vision in this bill, either in terms or by impli-
cation, purports to take away any right reserved
to Texas either by the annexation resolution
or by the Constitution? Ho has not called the
attention of the House to any. There is no
such provision in the bill, and I undertake to
say, after a somewhat careful examination,
that there is no clause in this bill which at all
affects any right of Texas as guarantied by the
annexation resolution or by the Constitution.
The proviso is, therefore, totally unnecessary;
it cannot affect any rights, and I hope the
House will concur in the amendment of the
Senate. It is important that we should do it
speedily, in order that with the admission of
Texas the fifteenth article of the amendments
to the Constitution may become a part of the
Constitution; which it will then be, and then
the great work of reforming the Constitution
so as to secure the right of suffrage equally to
all classes of citizens will Incomplete, and we
will have finished the crowning act of the Re-
publican party for the people of this country and
for posterity. I see no necessity for any |elay:
I hope we shall at once agree to the amendment
of the Senate, so that the bill may become a law
and thus enable the President to issue his proc
lamation announcing the fact that the fifteenth
article of the amendments to the Constitution
has been adopted. This consummation is one
devoutly to be wished and which the peop1?
await with anxiety. It will mark a new and
grand era in our history. A redeemed and
enfranchised race of men will ehter upon a new
career of manhood,, of light, and of liberty.
