2294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
They will stand up clothed with the highest
rights of citizenship. The day of their enfran-
chisement will become another political Sab -
bath, and be celebrated in coming time with
"bonfires, festivals, and rejoicings." That is
all I desire to say.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now ask
for a vote.
Mr. WOOD. The question, as I understand
it, is on concurring in the amendment of the
Senate.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Will the
House agree to the amendment of the Senate ?
Mr. WOOD. I ask the yeas and nays on that
question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 130, nays 50, not vot-
ing 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Amol],
Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin,
Bennett, Benton, Blair, Boles, Boyd, Goorgo M.
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buflmton, Burchnrd, Bur-
dett, Benjamin F. Butler,Cake, Cessna, Clarke, Clin-
ion L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Covode, Cowles,
Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Doekery. Don-
ley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Kerry,
Finkelnburg, Fisher, Garfield, Giliillan, Hale, Ham-
ilton, Harris, Ifawley, Hay, Heaton, Hcilin, Hill.
Honr, Hoge, Hooper, Insorsoll, J enokes, Alexander
11. Jones, Judd, Julian, KelJey, Ivelsey, Knapp.Lash,
ijawrence, Tjogan, Loughridgo, Lynch, Maynard,
McCarthy. McCrary. McGrew. Melvonzio, Mcrcur,
Milnes,Iiiiakim H.Moore,William Moore, Morphia,
Daniel J. Moriell, Myers, Negloy, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Paekcr, Paine,Porco, Peter*, X'latt, Poland,
Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, Siini'ord, Sargent, Sawyor,
Schenck, Scotield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Por-
ter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J.^ Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens,
Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Taffe,
Tillman, Tyuei, Upson,Van Horn, Van V/yck,"VVard,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, "William B. "Washburn,
Welkcr. Wheeler, Wilkinson, Williams, John X.
Wilson, Wmans, and Witelier—130.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, lieck,
Biggs. Bird, James Brooks, Burr.Calkin, Cleveland,
Cox, Crcbs, Dickinson, Dox, Eidridge, Getz, Gibson,
Griswold, llaighl, llaldem.ui, Hainhleton, Hamill,
Holman, Kerr, Knott. Marshall, Mnyliam, McCor-
inick, McNeely, Morgan, Mungan, Niblaek, Potter,
Randall, Reading,Rice,Ridgway,Schumaker, Shcr-
i-od, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Swann,
Sweeney, Trimblo, Van Trump, Wells, Eugene M.
Wilson, and Wood—50.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Armstrong, Bailoy,Banks,
Barnum. Bingham, Booker, Bowen, Roderick R.
Butler, Churchill, Aniasa Cobb, Fitch, Fox, Haw-
kins, Hays, Hotchkiss, Johnson. Thomas J,. Jones,
Kellogg, Kcteham, L:iflin, MeKee, Jesse If. Mooro,
Samuel P.Morrill, Morri.'sey, Palmer, Phelps, l'or-
ter, Reeves,Rogers, Starkweather, Sfrader, Strong,
T:inner, Townsend, Xwichell, Van Aulceii, Voorhees,
Willard, Winchester, and Woodward—10.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. BUTLER, nf Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment of
the Senate was concurred in ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider lie laid on tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
marine iiospital at natciik2.
Mr. AIINELL. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour will now com-
mence, at twenty-one minutes past one o'clock.
As the first business during the morning hour,
the. House will now resume the consideration
of House bill No. 1602, donating the marine
hospital at Natchez, Mississippi, to the State
of Mississippi for educational purposes. This
bill had been ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] demanded the reading of the
engrossed bill, whereupon the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] moved to recon-
sider tho vote by which the bill had been
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
The gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Rogers]
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid ou
the table. The motion to lay on the table was
not agreed to, and tho morning hour expired
pending the question upon the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the motion
to reconsider.
The question was upon the third reading of
the bill.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman"] insist upon the reading
of tlie engrossed bill?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do.
The engrossed bill was then read.
The question was upon the passage of the bill.
Mi-. ARNELL. I call tho previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Arnell] ask us to give away
the property of the United States without any
explanation? I understand that this property
is worth $13,000, and I want to know some-
thing about it.
Mr. ARNELL. This whole matter was ex-
plained when this bill was reported to the
House. I insist upon the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion—ayes 65, noes 48—the previous question
was seconded.
The main question was then ordered, which
was upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. RANDALL and Mr. TRIMBLE called
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. SCOFIELD'. My colleague [Mr. Ran-
dall] has asked the gentleman who has charge
of this bill for a few words of explanation. It
is certainly fair that members who were not
hero tho other day when this bill was under
consideration should know something about it.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only by
unanimous consent, the previous question hav-
ing been called.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have no doubt my col-
league [Mr. Randall] would withdraw his call
for tho yeas and nays if the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Aunell] would explain this
bill.
Mr. PAINE. This matter was fully dis-
cussed when up before, and I must object to
further debate.
The question recurred upon tho passage of
the bill; and being taken, it was decided in tho
affirmative—yeas 89, nays 75, not voting 56 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ainos, Arnell, Asper, At-
wood, Ayer, Beatty, Bennett, Benton, Blair, Boles,
Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Burchard,
iiurdett, Benjamin 1''. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Clin-
ton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cowles, CuUoill,
Davis.Dawes,Dickey, Dixon,Doekery, Duvat.Dyor,
Ela, Ferriss, Ferry, Fisher, Garlicld, Harris, llaw-
ley, Heaton, Hetlin, lloar, Jenekcs, Aloxander 11.
■loneS, Jiuld.Kelsey.Lash. Lawrence, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Maynard, McCarthy. McCrary, McKcnzie,
Milnes.Morpliis,Daniel J.Morrell, Samuel P.Mor-
rill, Myers, O'Neill, Paine, Palmer, Perce, Piatt,
Poland, Pomeroy, Pressor, Roots, Sanford, Sargent.
Sawyer, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, PorterSheldon,
Jolin A. Smith, William ,f. Smith, William Smyth,
Stevenson, Stokos, Tafic, Tillman. Twichcll, Upson,
William B.Washburn, Welkcr, Wheelor, Wmans,
and Witclier—S'J.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Axtell, Beaman,
Beck, Benjamin, Biggs, Bird, James Brooks, Buf-
iiuton, Burr, Cleveland, Conger, Cox, Crcbs, Dick-
inson, Dox, KIdrirlge, Farnswortb. Finkelnhurg,
Getz, Gibson, Gillillan, Griswold, Ilaldomaii, ILnn-
bleton,Hamill, Hawkins, Hay, Hill, Holman, Inccr-
soll, Kerr, Knapp, Knott, Marshall, Mayham, Mc-
Cormicli, McGrcw, McNeely, Mcrcur, Eliaknn II.
Moore, William Moore, Mungen, Nibla-ek, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Phelps, Potter, Randall, Plead-
ing, liidgway, Rogers, Scoficld, Sherrod, Slocum,
Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stevens,
Stiles, Stone, Stoughton. Strickland. Swann, Swee-
ney, Trimble, f'yner, Van Trump,Van Wyck, Ward,
Wells. Williams, Eugene M. Wilson, and Wood—75.
NOT VOTING-—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, Bai-
ley, Banks. Barnum, Bingham, Booker, Bowen,
Roderick R. Butler, Calkin, Churchill, Clarke,
A mas a Cobl>, Donley, Fitch, Fox, Haight, Hale,
Hamilton, Hays, Hogc, Hooper, Hotchldss. John-
son. Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kclley. Kellogg,
Ketcham. Lallin, Lynch, McKee, J esse H. Moore,
Voorliees, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wilkinson,
Willard, John T. "Wilson, Winchester, and Wood-
ward—56.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ARNELL moved to reconsider the vole
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin",
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, a House bill
of the following title:
An act (H. R. No. 1598) to facilitate the
administration of justice in the State of Texas.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested :
An act (S. No. 334) to provide for a build-
ing suited to the use of the post oflice, the rev-
enue officers, and the judicial officers of the
United States in the city of Little Rock, Ark-
ansas ; and
Ail act (S. No. 704) for the relief of Alex-
ander C. Twining.
The message also announced that the Senate
had disagreed to the amendment of the House
to the bill (S. No. 215) to amend the usury
laws of the District of Columbia, asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and had appointed Mr. Hamlin, Mr.
Tuurman, and Mr. Harris as the conferees
on the part of the Senate.
unrolled hill signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill of the following
title ; when the Speaker signed t.he same :
An act (II. R. No. 1530) to admit the Stale
of Texas to representation in the Congress of
the United States.
national education'
Mr. HOAR. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor to report back,
with amendments, the bill (H. R. No. 1326)
to establish a system of national education.
Iflmay be indulged in asingleword of explan-
ation, I think I can thereby save the time of
the House.
This bill is intended to indicate a system by
which in those States only which refuse to
establish an educational system of their own
such a system may be established by the na-
tional authority. The object of the committee
in reporting the bill at this lime with their
sanction was to bring this important subject
prominently before the attention of the House:
but in the present state of public business,
when other committees have important meas-
ures demanding immediate consideration, our
committee is willing that this bill shall not be
pressed at the present time ; and Iain (here-
fore instructed to ask the House to assign it as
a special order for the second Tuesday in De-
cember next after the morning hour, and from
day to day until disposed of. 1 make that
motion.
Mr. McNEELY. As one of the members
of this committee I disapprove of this bill,
as does the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
IiOGBRS,] also a member of the committee.
But we are willing that the consideration of
the bill shall be fixed for some time in next
December, so that the country may meanwhile
reflect upon the character of this extraordinary
and monstrous effort to educate the people of
the States by means of a Federal system. 1
am willing, therefore, that the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
shall prevail.
Mr. HOAR. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts yield to me a moment?
Mr. HOAR. Yes, sir.
Mr._ COX. Mr. Speaker, I have not read
this bill, and I do not propose to discuss it now.
I hope to have the pleasure of reading it be-
tween this time and next December. Before
we are called upon to take final action on the
measure I would like to have the opinion of
the head of the bar of the United States, the
Attorney General, the brother of the honorable
