8238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
of *11 p«t«nts hereafter issued by the United
States, submitted a report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CHAGIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
876) to promote the greater efficiency of the
Navy, reported it with amendments.
Mr. DRAKE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was recommitted the bill (S.
No. 653) to promote the securing of efficient
seamen for the Navy of the United States,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 642) to restore to certain par-
ties their rights under laws and treaties of the
United States, reported it with amendments.
Mr. CORBETT. from the Committee on
Commerce, who were by a resolution of the
Senate instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of causing a survey and examination to
be made of the line of water communication
between the James river and the Ohio river at
the mouth of the Great Kanawha, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of
the subject; which was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 818) to regulate the importation of immi-
grants nnder labor contracts, reported ad-
versely thereon; and the bill was indefinitely
postponed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
179) authorizing water-gauges to be establ ished
and observations to be made upon the Missis-
sippi river and its principal tributaries, with a
view to obtaining information required for the
protection of the alluvial lands against over
tiow, and for the improvement of navigation,
reported it without amendment.
Sir. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Fiuance, reported a bill (S. No. 890) to reduce
taxation; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
TRIBUTES TO ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 77) authorizing a distribu-
tion of the copies remaining in the Department
of State of the Tributes of the Nations to
Abraham "Lincoln, have instructed me to re-
port it back and recommend that the Senate
concur in theamendmentof the House of Rep-
resentatives, with an amendment. I ask that
this matter be acted upon now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendment of the House of
Representatives, which was to strike out all
after the words " to wit" in the fourth line of
the joint resolution and to insert:
Three copies to each Senator and member of the
House of Representatives of the Forty-First Con-
gress, and the remainder to be distributed by -the
Secretary of State to tnch persons as he shall indi-
cate, the Secretary of State having the -authority to
have refinished at the Government Printing Office
such copies as may need the same.
The amendment of the Committee on Print-
ing was to strike out the word " three" before
copies and insert "two."
Mr. ANTHONY. The effect of the com-
mittee's amendment is to reduce by one the
number of copies allowed by the House amend-
ment to each Senator and Representative.
There are a number of these volumes lying in
the State Department that I' supposed were to
be distributed under the direction of the Sec-
retary of State; but the Secretary asked for
some instructions in regard to the distribution,
the whole number at the disposal of tlae De-
partment of State. The other House amended
the resolution by giving three copies to each
Senator and Representative in the present
Congress and the remainder to the Department
of State. That reduces the remainder to about
thirty-five copies; and, as it seems desirable
that a document of this kind, unique in its
character, should be at the disposal of the
Government for libraries and for future use,
the amendment of the Committee on Printing
reduces the number to be distributed to each
Senator and Representative to two, leaving
about three hundred for the State Department.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives, as amended, was concurred in.
POUT OF DELIVERY AT DDLUTII.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 875) to create a port of delivery at Du-
luth, Minnesota, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I presume there will be no
objection to the immediate consideration of
that bill. It is a very simple proposition.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that Duluth, in the
State of Minnesota, shall be a port of delivery
! within the collection district of New Orleans,
and that there shall be appointed a surveyor
of customs, to reside at that port, who shall
perform the duties and receive the compen-
sation and emoluments prescribed in the act
of Congress approved March 2,1831, being an
act allowing the duties on foreign merchan-
dise imported into Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cin-
cinnati, Louisville, St. Louis, Nashville, and
Natchez to be secured and paid at those
places.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
RECOMMITMENT OF A BILL.
' Mr. WILSON. I move to take up, with a
view to its recommitment, the bill (H. R. No.
785) to provide for furnishing artificial limbs
to disabled soldiers.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. COLE. I move to take up a bill that
is precisely similar to the one just passed, the
bill (S. No. 834) to create a port of delivery
at Vallejo, California.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to
reconsider was entered by the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Buckingham.]
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to introduce a bill.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The introduction
of bills is in order.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 885) authorizing the Secretary of War to
purchase certain land adjoining the United
States barracks at Barrancas, in the State of
Florida; which was read twice by its title,
referred Jp the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by nnanimons
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 886) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to settle the accounts of Colonel James F.
! Jacques; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
I Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
, 887) for the relief of Rebecca J. Shepherd,
of Philadelphia; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAULSBURY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
j No. 888) to aid the J unction and Breakwater
Railroad Company, in the 8tate of Delaware,
to construct, in connection with said road, a
pier in the Delaware bay, at or near Lewes, in
Sussex county, and State of Delaware ; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. SAULSBURY. As this bill provides
for an appropriation of money arising from the
sale of the public lands I am in some doubt as
to whatcommittee it should be referred, whether
to the Committee on Commerce or the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. I will thank the Chair
to indicate the appropriate committee.
1 The VICE PRESIDENT. As it is a work
of commerce, and bills for that subject have
always been referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, the Chair would think that that would
be the appropriate committee.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then I move its refer-
ence to that committee, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 889) to provide for holding special terms
of the circuit, and district courts of the United
States for the northern aud for the southern
districts of Ohio ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
final adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are now in order. If there are no Senate
resolutions the Senate resumes the considera-
tion of the concurrent resolution of the House
of Representatives fixing the time for the final
adjournment of this session of Congress, and
the pending question is on the motion of the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Mokhill,] that
the resolution be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question,
and declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
navs.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, let ushavethe yeas
and nays, by all means.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 3G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Cole, Cragin,
Drake, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Osborn, Pouieroy,
Kamsey, Schurz, Siierman, Spencer, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, Warner, Wilson, and Yutes—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Casserly, Conkling, Corbett, Ed-
munds, Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan,
Harris, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, McCreery,
Pool, Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Ros3, Saulsbury, Saw-
yer, Scott, Stockton, Tipton, Vickers, Willey, and
Williams—36.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Carpenter,
Cattell, Davis, Gilbert, Howard, Howe, McDonald,
Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Revels,
Sprague, Thayer, and Thurman—17.
So the motion' to refer was not agreed to:
and the question recurred on the adoption of
the following House concurrent resolution :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the Presi-
dent of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives declare their respective Houses
adjourned sine die on Monday, the 4th of July next,
at meridian.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the further
consideration of this resolution be postponed
until the first Monday of June. [" Oh, no I"]
That is more than a month before the time
fixed; and I submit to the Senate whether we
are now prepared to fix the day of adjourn-
ment, when we have not passed any of theitn-
portant measures of the session, those which
are likely to create long debate, including the
Georgia bill and a great number of questions
that will occupy considerable time. If we now
attempt to fix the day of adjournment we place
ourselves under pressure, and I think it is un-
becoming the Senate. It is not usual, I think,
to fix the time of adjournment so long before-
hand. I, for one, am not disposed to vote for
a resolution fixing the day of adjournment
until we shall see our way to the completion
of various important measures that are before
us. At the same time I am as anxious to
adjourn as anybody, and probably occupy as
little of the time of the Senate as others do.
For myself personally I hope very much that
we may be able to adjourn by the 4th of July.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We can extend the time,
if necessary.
Mr. SHERMAN. There may be great diffi-
culty in securing an extension of the time.
The members of the House make their arrange-
