8,8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
it becomes a law would perhaps allow him to
designate who should do this work. He must
execute the law ; but if there is any detect m
the text of the bill the committee would be
glad to have it pointed out.
I will say to my friend that the schedule lor
the fisheries was introduced after the text ot
the bill had been drawn and printed. It may
be that there is some defect, and if the gentle-
man in looking through the bill should hnd
any I shall be glad if he will point it out, so
that it may be corrected. , ,
Mr Chairman, there is a third interest added
in the bill, entirely new, and that is the mercan-
tile or trading industry of the country. U nder
the old censuses there has never been any re-
port made of the vast interests involved m trade.
In 1850 a memorial from the Chamber of Com-
merce of New York was laid before Congress at
the time the present law was under considera-
tion, but it came too late to be acted on. We
have prepared in this bill a schedule to obtain
the number of persons and the amount of capi-
tal engaged iu trade, and the extent of trans-
action in trade, and such othei' facts, and will
exhibit the character of their transactions. W e
believe that this interest is worthy of a place
in the census.
We have also added to the schedule of the
social statistics a feature entirely new in regard
to charitable, reformatory, and penal institu-
tions—our almshouses, asylums, prisons, and
various similar institutions—to find out not only
how much money the country has invested, but
to find, out how many unfortunate people are in
these institutions, and to learn something about
their management and character. We thought
that was worthy of a place in the census.
I think I have mentioned the general addi-
tions we have proposed, and I ought to have
said that we have carefully gone over the old
schedules and amended them in many particu-
lars. Andin regard to the agricultural schedule,
the third in the list, I desire to point out one
main feature in our additions. There were
forty-six columns of inquiry in reference to
agriculture under the old census, and we have
put in seventy-three. These twenty-seven
additions are largely made up of one item, which
has been repeated many times. Under the old
schedule there was nothing in regard to the
number of acres of the several crops. The
inquiry was as to how many bushels of wheat,
corn, rye, &c., but it exhibited nothing as to
the grain-growing power of the different sec-
tions of the country.
In all the leading crops we have required a
statement of the number of acres cultivated as
well as the number of bushels produced. Thus
we can ascertain what the relative fertility of
the different sections of the country maybe.
I will call attention to a change in the sched-
ule of population, which was requiredby the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution. It
was not discovered, until after the committee
had been in session some time, that the four-
teenth amendment required a readjustment of
our schedule of population; and it is a curious
fact—perhaps not new to every gentleman in
this House, though it certainly was to me—that
the provisions of the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution changes the representative
basis of the national Legislature in a way that
no one, so far as I remember, supposed it would
when that amendment was before Congress.
Everybody knew, of course, that there was a
change, but none seemed to be aware how rad-
ical and sweeping that change was. I observe
my friend from New York [Mr. Cox] is dis-
posed to understand the word "radical" in a
more literal sense than I used it. I admit that
lie is entitled to that view. The fourteenth
amendment, so far asitrelated to suffrage, was
generally understood as referring exclusively to
the denial of the right to vote on account of
race or color. But the language of the Con-
stitution is much broader. It is in substance
that wherever the right to vote is denied or
abridged in any State, not merely on account
of race or color, but for any other reason than
rebellion or crime, in that State the basis ot
representation shallberedueedproportionately.
The committee found it necessary, m view ot
that provision, to inquire what were the other
grounds in the several States on which the
right to vote was abridged or denied except tor
rebellion or crime. We accordingly examined
the constitution and the statutes of each State,
and we have embodied in a separate report the
constitutional and statutory provisions, and, so
far as we could, the judicial decisions relating
to the right of suffrage in each State. J3ut
to assure ourselves that- we had this correctly>
the committee addressed a circular to the Gov-
ernor of every State asking him to have our
conclusions looked over by the law officers of
his State and corrected for us. The committee
therefore present to the House a report, or an
appendix to their report—being a pamphlet of
thirty-six pages—in which are set forth the
constitutional and statutory provisions of every
State of the Union, together with the provis-
ions of the national Constitution with regard
to suffrage. This report, I learn, is iu the
committee-room below and has not yet been
distributed. If gentlemen desire to see it it
can be sent for, as there are a sufficient number
of copies to supply members of the House.
Without going into the matter more minutely,
I will say in general that there are seventy or
eighty grounds on which men are excluded
from the right to vote under the laws of the
different States besides rebellion or crime.
How far those different causes will operate to
reduce the basis of representation is a grave
question ; but after a very careful study of the
whole matter the committee saw 110 better way
of meeting this part of the case than by putting
into the schedule two columns, which the gen-
tlemen who have the bill in their hands will
see by turning to schedule one, columns four-
teen and fifteen. The beading of one of the
columns reads thus: "Male citizens of the
United States twenty-one years of age." There
is to be a mark put in that column for every
male citizen of the United States above twenty-
one years of age. In the second column
there is to be an entry of all persons described
as follows—and here we adopt the language
of the Constitution, abridging it—"Male citi-
zens of the United States twenty-one years of
age whose right to vote is denied or abridged on
other grounds than rebellion or other crime.'5
Those two columns being filled, the ratio of
the second to the first is the ratio by which we
must rcduce the total population of any State
in order to find its representative population.
That is the understanding the committee have
of the constitutional clause, and their duty under
it in taking the census. I call special attention
to this that the committee may understand it
before we reach it in the regular course. I
call attention to it for the further reason that
in the clause that relates to the basis of repre-
sentation and the number of members of the
House the same feature is introduced into
section twenty-four of the bill; and I trust that
members of the House will by the time we
have reached it give that section such careful
study as will enable US'to be sure that we have
clearly and fairly expressed the sense of the
Constitution in that regard. It is a very diffi-
cult matter, and we may not have reached
exactly a perfect statement of the case.
to leave it out entirely, and in the first draft of
the bill it was left out. But when the whole
committee met it was considered best to put
the two things together, because it was so in
the law which we were following. Of course
it is entirely competent for the House to throw
this out, and it will not mar the other provis-
ions of the bill at all.
Mr BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does the
committee intend that this provision shall apply
to the next election? .
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not at all; it
would not come into play until the next Con-
gress shall expire.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
permit me, I will say that prior to 1850, as
gentlemen will recollect, the course suggested
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] was adopted, and the apportionment
was not made until after the census was enu-
merated. The result was that there was a
struggle between States of different sections of
the Union to have their apportionment so ad-
justed as to give them the greatest advantage.
It was to relieve against that difficulty that the
act of 1851 was passed, fixing the number of
Representatives and settling the principle upon
which they were to be apportioned; the rest
was a matter of mere mathematical calcu-
lation. .,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The consider-
ation which my friend from Tennessee [Mr.
Ma.yna.to>] has mentioned was the chief reason
why the committee thought it best to insert
this provision. It was urged in Committee that
if it was put in now we could debate the subject
impersonally and free from any particular in-
terest ; discuss it as a principle rather than an
interest.
Mr. CLARKE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garpibm] if there is
anything in this bill which will prevent the
Legislatures of the several States from making
provision far the apportionment and election of
members of the next Congress ? I make this
inquiry because, whether with reason or not,
a discussion has arisen in the newspapers of
my own State, some of them holding that it will
be competent for the Legislature which is to
assemble in January next to make an appor-
tionment of the State for the election of mem-
bers of the next Congress ; and if the gentle-
man will allow me, and for the purpose of eluci-
dating this point, I will send to the Clerk's desk
and have read an article from the State Record,
a paper published at the capital of Kansas.
The Clerk read as follows:
I have but one other remark to make, Mr.
Chairman, in regard to the bill, and that is in
relation to the size of this House and the basis
of representation,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman, before he considers that subject,
answer this inquiry: why it is necessary to fix
the number of members of the House of Rep-
resentatives in this bill rather than to wait until
after the census is taken and thpn let the next
Congress fix it?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will answer
the gentleman that the sub-committee were
divided on that subject, gome thought it best
"Districting- the State.— General Garfield,
chairman of the congressional Census Committee,
thinks that the taking of the next census can be
completed by the 1st of July, 1870. If so, the'new
apportionment for members of Congress will proo-
ably be mado in the following December, to talte
effect with the incoming of the Forty-Second Con-
gress, March i, 1871.
"The population of Kansas next June will un-
doubtedly be sufficient to entitle her to three mem-
bers of Congi'ess: and it is important, that we should
receive the benefit of that increase of representation
at as early a day as possible. "With proper action on
the part of the Legislature our three members can
be elected and ready to take their seats in March,
1871. The State can bo divided into three congres-
sional districts the coming winter, and members bo
ehoseni'rom said districts at the regular election in
November next. Then as soon as the apportionment
is made these members-elect will be entitled to
seats. If we do not thus antieipato the result that
will assuredly follow the tailing of the census wo
will be put to the trouble and expense of a special
■election, and perhaps a spccial session of the Legis-
lature also, besides running the risk of being de-
prived of our full representation under the new
census for six or twelve months. We hope the Legis-
lature will give this subject prompt attention and
take the necessary action. It is always better to be
a little ahead than a little behind in such matters.
Mr. CLARKE. Now, Mr. Chairman, the
inquiry which I desire to put to the gentleman
from Ohio representing the Census Committee
is, whether or not there is any precedent in this
country for such action as is proposed in the
article which has just been read, and whether
or not there is anything in this bill which pre-
vents such action ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It seems hardly
