1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1351
strong, A rncll, Asper, Ayer, Banks, Beaman. Ben-
iiirain, Benton, Blair, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, George
"y. lirooks. Back, Buckley, Butlinton, Burchard,
liuriictt, ltoderick 11. Butler, C.ake, Churchill,
Cl.irke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Covode,
Cow'.es, Cuilom, Davis, Dawes, Dickey, Dockery,
Donley, Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth, i'erriss, Kerry,
l'jiikelii'nirg, Fisher, Gilfillan, Ilawley, Ileaton,
lloiiin, Hi!!,Hoar, Hoge, Hooper, ltotchkiss, Ingcr-
t!iv  - , _ , .,   —
Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Morreil, Myers,
Netrley. O'Neill, Packard. Palmer, l'eters, Phelps,
Piatt, "Poraeroy, Porter, Prosper, lloots, Sant'ord,
tfargent, iSchenck. Scolield, Shanks, Lionel A. Shel-
don, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J.
Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong,
Tafi'e. Tanner, Tillman, Townsend.TwicheU.Tyncr,
l'p<on Van Horn, Ward. Cadwalader C. Washburn,
William B. Washburn. Welker. Wheeler, Whitte-
niore. Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, John T. Wil-
son, W_inans,and Witelicr—118.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Barnum, Beck,
Biggs. Bird, James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cleveland,
Cox.Orebs.Diebinson, Duval, Dox, Eldridge, 1'itch,
Gctz, Gibson, Golladay, Griswold, ilaight, ilamble-
ton, Holman, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr,
Knott, Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, McKenzie,
JlcNeely. Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Paine, Potter,
Randall. Reading, Heeves, liice, Bidgway, Itogers,
Sehumaker, Sherrod, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith,
Ffiles. Stone, Strader, Swann, Trimble, VanAuken,
Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—01.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Archer, Bailey, Bcatty,
Bennett, Bingham, Booker, Benjamin F. Butler,
Cessna, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Deweese, Dixon,
Fox, Garfield, Ilaldeman, Hale, Hamill, Hamilton,
Hawkins, Hay, Hays, Jenekes, Keliey, Kcteham,
Knapp, Laflin. Lash, Lynch, McCrar.v, Milnes, Sam-
uel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Orth, Packer, Poland,
Sawyer, Worthing ton C. Smith, and Sweeney—38.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, moved to re-
consider the vote just taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STILES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. KELSEY. As a question of privilege,
I move that Mr. Yau Wyck be sworn in.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not neces-
sary. The motion to adjourn takes prece-
dence of the question of privilege ; but if the
House should refuse to adjourn, the Chair
would be bound to call the attention of the
House to the question of privilege.
On the motion to adjourn there were—ayes
15, noes 41; no quorum voting.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is it necessary that a
quorum should vote on a motion to adjourn?
The SPEAKER. The House may adjourn
on the vote of less than a quorum ; but when
the majority votes against adjournment, and
the vote shows the absence of a quorum,
business is arrested. The Chair is in serious
doubt whether, in the absence of a quorum, a
member can be sworn in.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Swear him in.
Mr. STILES. After this outrage we had
better adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's language
is very unparliamentary.
Tellers were ordered on the motion to adjourn; i
and Mr. Stevenson and Mr. Eldkidge were j
appointed. j
The House divided; and the tellers report- !
ed—ayes 11, noes 65 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
20, noes 45.
So '.he motion was disagreed to.
AnU ihen, on motion of Mr. FARNS-
wORTH, (at five o'clock and fifteen minutes
P- ra.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ALLISON: A petition of citizens
of St. Sebald, Iowa, praying Congress to abol-
ish the franking privilege.
By Mr. ARMSTRONG: A petition of 08
citizens of Wiliiamsport, Lycoming county,
Pennsylvania, praying for such legislation by
Congress as will sustain the wages of the Amer-
ican mechanic and the market of the American
farmer.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of William
Wood, of Walthatn, Massachusetts, praying
for compensation for losses sustained in con-
sequence of false imprisonment by the Govern-
ment of the United States.
; Also, a petition of cigar manufacturers, &c.,
in relation to the tariff on cigars.
j By Mr. BE ATT Y: A petition signed by 1,700
i citizens of the eighth congressional district of
Ohio, prayiug for the abolition oflke franking
privilege. j
] By Mr. BENNETT: A petition from cigar i
manufacturers, journeymen cigar-makers, and
ji dealers in cigars and seed-leaf tobacco, of Erie
I county, New York, praying to have the tariff
!. rates on imported cigars restored to three dol-
lars per pound and fifty per cent, ad valorem.
j Also, petitions in favor of the abolition of
ij the franking privilege from Buffalo, Shirley,
| Springbrook, Spritigville, Hamburg, Wales,
ij White's Corners, Patchin, Winspear, South
11 Wales, Town Line, Criitenden, Brant, Lake
View, and other places in Erie county, New
York.
By Mr. BOLES: Two petitions of citizens
of Arkansas, asking for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. BOYD: A petition from 300 citi-
zens of the fourth congressional district of
Missouri, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing law. ■
By Mr. BURDETT : A petition of citizens
of Mount View, Missouri, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Dell Delight,
Missouri, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege. !
Also, a petition of citizens of Taborville, :
Missouri, for the abolition of the franking priv- :
ilege. !
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: Peti- ;
tions of cigar-makers of Salem and Boston,
for the restoration of former duty on cigars.
Also, a petition of citizens of Fall River,
Massachusetts, for protection of coast fisheries.
By Mr. CALKIN: The petition of Lewis
Ash and 500 others, cigar-makers of New York
city, for the increase of the tariff on cigars.
By Mr. COOK: A petition of citizens of the
District of Columbia, for a prohibitory liquor
law.
Also, a petition of citizens of St. Anne,
Illinois, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege. |
By Mr. COWLES: The petition of Messrs. I
Davis & Dickey and others, of Port Byron, :
Cayuga county, New York, for increased duty [
on imported cigars. i
By Mr. CREBS: A petition of citizens of '
East McDonough,Chenango county, NewYork, j!
for the abolition of the franking privilege. i!
By Mr. DAVIS: A petition of cigar manu-
facturers of Rochester, New York, praying 1
for change of tariff on imported cigars. j(
By Mr. DONLEY: A petition of citizens 11
of Greene county, Pennsylvania, praying for ;
the abolition of the franking privilege. j
By Mr. DOX: A petition of the postmaster j
and other citizens living at or near Bridge- [
port, Alabama, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. FERRY: The memorial of Albina
Trent, widow of Pleasant Trent, late of com-
pany E, eighth regiment Tennessee volunteer \
cavalry, for relief.
By Mr. GOLLADAY: The petition of
James J. Conkin, of Monroe county, Ken-
tucky, asking compensation for services as a
scout during the late war.
Also, a petition of citizens of Rockland
Mills, Metcalf county, Kentucky, asking for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HAWLEY: The memorial of R. L.
Hinkley and 18 others, praying Congress to
grant tcr Isabel Hoffman a pension.
Also, a petition of citizens of Ionia, Illinois,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Cleveland,
Illinois, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of E. S. Freeman and GO
others, citizens of Basco, Illinois, for the same
purpose.
By Mr. HILL: Petitions of the citizens of
j Stephensburg, Paskack, and Spring Valley,
| fourth district, New Jersey, asking that the
franking privilege be abolished.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A
petition of the Humane Society of the Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts, for an appropri-
ation, to be expended under the direction* of
its trustees, for life-saving apparatus to be used
in case of shipwreck.
By Mr. JENCKES: A petition of citizens
of Portsmouth, Rhode Island, for pensions to
the veterans of the war of 1812.
By Mr. JOHNSON : A petition of citizens
of California, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of Mrs.
Emma E. Dixon and 52 others, citizens of
Kokomo, Howard county, Indiana, praying
for the prompt passage of a sixteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
which shall secure to all citizens the right of
suffrage without distinction of sex.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of Susan Day-
ton Wheaton Anderson, only surviving heir of
the late Major Joseph Wheaton, deceased, a
soldier of the war of the Revolution, with ac-
companying papers, praying for relief and the
payment of a claim due to her ancestor.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Mary S.
Prince, of Portland, Maine, praying for a pen-
sion as mother of Henry Leach Prince, late
United States Navy, deceased.
By Mr. McCARTHY: A remonstrance and
memorial of citizens of Salina and Syracuse,
New York, against the adoption for purposes
of legislation of the pretended statistics and
report of the Special Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and expressing the belief that the
same are erroneous and a libel upon American
workingmen and manufacturers, and asking
that the same may be examined and the errors
refuted.
By Mr. McCRARY : The petition of Mrs.
P. C. W. Hickman, praying pay for services a8
nurse in hospitals during the rebellion.
By Mr. MAYHAM : The petition of Theo-
dore D. Smith, jr., and GO others, citizens of
Albany, New York, in favor of the erection
of a Government building in that city.
By Mr. MORGAN: A petition of citizens
of Evansburg, Coshocton county, Ohio, ask-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a similar petition from Sanford Priest
and others.
Also, a similar petition from Danville, Knox
county, Ohio.
Also, a similar petition from Muskingum
and Coshocton counties, Ohio.
Also, a similar petition from Long Run,
Licking county, Ohio.
Also, a similar petition from Gambier, Ohio.
Also, a similar petition from Boyd's Mills,
Ohio.
By Mr. MORI1ELL, of Pennsylvania: A
petition of citizens of St. Boniface, Cambria
county, Pennsylvania, asking for the repeal of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 260 of the leading citi-
zens of Johnstown, Cambria county, Penn-
sylvania, praying for the repeal of the income
tax.
By Mr. O'NEILL : A petition of printers of
Philadelphia, asking for a specific duty of at
least twenty-five cents per pound on imported
books.
By Mr. READING: A petition of 4G clti-
