1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3239
meats to go home and attend their eonraitioM |
«od various arrangements about their elections |
which come off this fall. They make their
arrangements to go home at the time fixed for
the adjournment, and we may be under serious
embarrassment in extending the time after it
is once fixed. It is better for us to keep the
matter within our own power; and, at any rate,
by postponing the consideration of the resolu-
tion until the first Monday in June we shall
then have at least* month before the time fixed
in the resolution of adjournment. I really
tiiink we ought not to pass it now. It may
seriously embarrass us in our business. This
time is so long ahead, two months ahead,
that I think it will not have the effect Senators
suppose; I do not believe it will hasten the
action on a single bill. It is always well to fix
the time ahead, some two or three weeks before
the adjournment, when we can see our way
through the public business; but it is much too
soon uow to fix a day of-adjournment, and it is
entirely nnusual, according to my recollection
of the precedents.
Mr. DRAKE. Was it ever done before?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is usual for the other
House to send these resolutions over to us in
a fit of impatience, simply because its mem-
bers are more anxions to gethome; but I have
not known within my recollection that the Sen-
ate has yielded to the disposition of the House
until a month or less before the time fixed ;
and that is an ample period, it seems to me,
within wbich to fix a aay of adjournment. \Ve
ought not to do it until we see our way through
the important business of the session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves to postpone the further con-
sideration of the resolution until the first Mon-
day in J une.
Mr. SUMNER. I agree entirely with the
Senator from Ohio, with his motion and with
what he has said. I believe the present prop-
osition is premature, and, considering the time
at which it is brought forward, absolutely with-
out precedent. 1 do not remember in my ex-
perience a single case of a proposition like
this brought forward and sustained in the Sen-
ate at this early day. I donbt if ever one has
been sent from the House to the Senate at this
early day. I may be mistaken in that; bnt I
am sore no such proposition has ever been
sustained in this Chamber at this early day.
I say, therefore, it is premature; it is con-
trary to precedent; and, as the Senator from
Ohio has told us, it will tie the hands of the
Senate so that we cannot faithfully and com-
pletely do the business of the country. We
are sent here for a certain purpose, it is to
transact the business of the country, to watch
its great interests, and see that right and jus
tice are done. We have not yet completed
this great work; nor do I find now in the pre-
sent state of oar business any assurance that
it will be completed in the time named in this
resolution, I think, therefore, the proposition
of the Senator from Ohio is wise—not to reject
the resolution; that is not the proposition ; but
to postpone its consideration, so that when we
act finally it can be with full knowledge of the
case, and with reference to all the interests of
the country.
It will not do to say that if we fix a time,
doring that period all these interests may be
fully attended to. That cannot follow. We
know, for instance, in the other Chamber that
the tariff has already occupied weeks, and no
conclusion has yet been reached. Suppose it
comes to the Senate, how long may it occupy
this Chamber, and are yon disposed in advance
to cut off debate, to prevent its adequate con-
sideration ? *
Then, as was said yesterday, there is this
other great measure of funding. I insist that
Congress before it goes home shall at least give
we Secretary of the Treasury an opportunity
0t reducing the interest ou the national debt.
«o such opportunity has yet been given ; and
1 insist still further that before Congress goes
home there shall be means afforded for the
reduction of the national taxes. Nothing of'
that kind has yet been done; and still we are
now called to vote an adjourn ment. Sir, I
wish the Senate to understand that to vote an
adjournment now, or to fix the time for an
adjournment, is to endanger the passage of all
these great measures.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, one of
the first things I learned in Congress wsflf.that
a resolution to adjourn the two Houses oan
always be turned into an opportunity for effect;
and if this were not the Senate, and if those
here were not Senators, I should have been led
to suspect, on yesterday,, that the observations
induced by the pending resolution were intended
for the galleries and for influence beyond the
galleries, rather than with the sixty or seventy
men by whom the resolution is to be determ-
ined. One might almost suppose the Senate
divided into two classes; Senators on the one
side disposed to do their duty, to remain and
attend to the public business and finish it, and
on the other Senators disposed to run away,
for their own convenience, whether the busi-
ness be done or not 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think it is strictly
parliamentary, under the rules and courtesies
that always prevail in the Senate, for a Senator
to rise in his place and charge persons here
adopting a particular course with substantially
a demagogical purpose in advocating or oppos-
ing a public proposition. That is the whole
effect of what the Senator charges. 1 submit
it to his kind temper.
Mr. CONKLING. If my honorable friend
had been patient one moment longer, he would
not have made that suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The parliament-
ary rule is, as the Senator from New York is
aware, that imputations must not be made on
the motives of Senators.
Mr. CONKLING. Therefore I had made
none. 1 had said that if- this was not the Seuate
and if the men around me were not Senators,
observations to which we have listened might
be taken as designed for consumption and
OnP^t Pl&AVnDPO
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If they are Sen-
ators, what is the inference ?
Mr. CONKLING. I shall not hesitate to
state any inference I draw frankly. I make
no imputations upon the motives of Senators ;
and speaking of the mode in which the question
has been treated, I was, when interrupted, in
the act of saying that the saggestions^made by
the Senator from Ohio, and by some others
opposed to the resolution, did not fall within
my criticism. Senators will remember that
yesterday the matter was treated as if the ques-
tion was whether we should stay here and do
our duty or not, as if that were the sole issue
upon which we were to vote. This is not the
question, nor is this a fair way of stating it.
It is a practical question as to the mode of
doing business; and although we may differ
in the decisiou of the question we can hardly
differ as to what the question is, nor can
one Senator show more zeal than another in
his duty, or more devotion to the public inter-
est, by voting in the negative. There are
two ways of proceeding. One is to go on, as
courts sometimes do, with the Calendar, going
all the way through, leaving undetermined the
day of adjournment nntil all the business is
done. The other is to fix a day, and work
accordingly. If we had no experience I would
not nndertake to encounter the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio in the argument he might make
in favor of the theory which I think is the
untrue one; but we have experience. You
and 1, sir, have had experience many a year
in the other House, and to some extent here,
as to the comparative value of these two modes.
What is it? Have we not always found that
when a day of adjournment was fixed, whether
by the Constitution in the alternate session, or
by the resolution of the two Houses in the
long session, we worked up to it and disposed
of the business? And how many times, even
since you, sir, have occupied the chair, have
you heard the same thing by way of admoni-
tion, and even more cogently put than we have
had now? The familiar allegatiou is that if
we fix a day ot adjournment we are to go off
and the business is not to be done. See how
unreasonable this is now.
The honorable Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] told us yesterday that never during
his long experience had there been so much
business done in a single session as bnd already
been done during this session. And so said
the honorable Senator from Maine, [Mr. Mou-
Riu,]. Very well. Now, with more than a
session's workdone already, what is proposed?
To fix a day of adjournment which gives ns still
a greater length of session than the entire short
session of Congress. 'Why more time thau a
short session? Because, al'hough nominally
the short session is three months in length,
nothing is done until after the holidays, so that
not two months of solid time remain. And yet
we are told, when we have already disposed
of more business than any other session has
transacted, that if we fix a day which leaves us
now two months of time we cannot transact
the business ; and why? Because Georgia was
debated for six weeks. Yes, sir ; and will my
honorable friend from Ohio say that he be-
lieves, with a resolution adopted fixing the ad-
journment two months in advance, six weeks
would have been given to the debate of Georgia?
He will not say that. So the House has long
debated the tariff bill. Yes, sir; and knowing
the state of its own business the House has
, also sent us this resolution, by a la'ge majority,
! I am told ; and had the resolution been adopted
in advance no such time would have been con-
sumed in debating the tariff.
I am in favor of staying here as long as is
necessary. I am in favor of reducing the
taxes too; and I give my gage to the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, that when the
time comes I will vote lor a reduction of taxes
for which I fear he will not vote. Let us see.
I will Vftte for such a dismissal of internal taxes
that the tariff will not need debate for six
weeks in this Chamber. Will the honorable
Senator so vote ? We shall see whether his
zeal exceeds tbe zeal of others. I will vote
also for a funding bill, and probably we shall
pass some funding bill, and deal with the tariff,
and deal with Georgia, and deal with every-
thing else necessary, and probably gome things
unnecessary ; and that we may deal with them
' thoroughly and promptly without overmuch of
' talk, I am for tne resolution.
To advance business and secure its dispatch
1 let us fix the time by which it shall be uon«.
I The 4th of July is quite far enough off; then
1 every member must take notice of the need of
diligence, and govern himself in reference
.1 to the fact that if by uncurbed debate, or by
i delay of any sort, measures are postponed and
; hindered they may be altogether lost. We need
; such a danger; it is wholesome. In this way
1 and in no other way, as I submit the expe-
; rience of every member proves, can we go on
i expeditiously and thoroughly with the public
| business and briiig the session to a close at an
> appropriate time, not for the convenience of
J members merely, but consulting every con-
'' sideration which properly belongs to it.
j Mr. STEWART. If it is in order I move to
1! amend the resolation by striking out " the 4th
1 of July" and inserting " Wednesday, the 20th
of July."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
postpone has priority of a motion to amend,
and must first be disposed of.
Mr. STEWART. 1 hope we shall postpone
action on the resolution until the 1st of June.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the vote be taken on
that.
Mr. STEWART. I have uniformly voted
with the Senator from New York on his view
of the question of adjournment; but that was,
as I conceive, under a different state of cir-
