1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5127
inconsistent in us in any other bill to confess
that these treaties may be made. I think a
change in the phraseology might be made so
that we shall not make this concession.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Will the chair-
man of the committee yield to me a moment
to reply to the gentleman from California?
Mr. JULIAN. I yield to the gentleman for
a moment.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker,
I think this is an eminently proper bill. The
gentleman from California seems to think
that we may be estopped in our opposition to
former sales or to any future sales under these
treaties.
Mr. SARGENT. I spoke of the treaties
themselves.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. The practice is
this: parties who want to get hold of Indian
lands, as they have done in several cases, and as
it is within my knowledge they wish to do in
others, go to the Indian tribes, make a bargain
with some of their chiefs, and then come and
have the Senate ratify that bargain. Or they get
through a general treaty, by which they are
allowed to treat with these Indian tribes and
buy their lands. Now, it is to prevent just
such a thing as this that we want this law. The
gentleman from California is, I think, wrong
in his law. Though the House has taken the
position he has stated, I think those past sales,
I am sorry to say, wiil hold, and we want to
prevent it in the future.
Mr. SARGENT. I beg to say that lam not
in favor of these sales to railroad companies.
I desire the very thing aimed at ill this bill
except in this respect, that I do not believe
there is any power in the Senate, under the
treaty-making power, constantly to make trea-
ties with these ragged bands of Indians. In
many instances we have to appoint the very
chiefs to sign those treaties; that is, we have
to constitute the other contracting parties. I
think it is all illegal and wrong, and I would
put my foot on the whole of it. I would stop
not merely the completion of such bargains,
hut I would stop the treaties themselves.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Then this bill
would do no harm.
Mr. SHANKS. I ha.ve investigated this
question very carefully, and I do not believe
that, under the Constitution of the United
States, there is any power granted to the treaty-
making power of this Government to dispose
of one foot of land to any person. That power
is vested in Congress alone. There is, under
the Constitution, no power any where except in
full Congress to pass a title to one acre of soil
of cur public lands. The assumption of that
power, except by Congress, is not only an error
but a fraud, and we ought by positive enact-
ment to prevent that kind of action hereafter.
If this bil'l only provides for securing the
title of occupancy, as held by these Indians,
to the Government, I am satisfied. But, if it
allows treaties to be made with these Indians,
in any other particular than to release the title
of occupancy, I am opposed to it. I desire,
therefore, that the bill be again reported.
The bill was again read.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, the Con-
stitution has provided that the President shall
have power, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided
two thirds of the Senate concur ; and it further
provides that those treaties shall be the supreme
law of the land. Now, I hold that we cannot
abrogate the power of the President to make
treaties by legislation. Suppose we should
pass a provision that the President should make
no treaty with England by which we should
gain any portion ot British territory for trans-
continental railroad purposes; why, such a
proposition as that would simply be laughed
at. Now, the difficulty which the gentleman
wants to reach is this: the difficulty lies in
the recognition by the political power of the
Government of these wandering tribes of In-
dians as nationalities. There is the difficulty.
As long as they are so recognized the Presi-
dent, under the Constitution, without any re-
gard to our laws, will have power to make
treaties with them. But if you will take up
our Indian policy and provide what tribes, if
any, shall be treated with as separate organ-
izations, and what shall not, then you cut the
whole system up by the roots. I am surprised
that the committee have not gone into the sub-
ject in that way, and by a declaration of the
political powers of the Government, denation-
alized for all and every purpose these wander-
ing, roving tribes of wild Indians.
Mr. SARGENT. The Senate claim that
they have not only the right to treat under the
treaty-making power, but the right to decide
with whom they will treat, and that we have
no power of criticism or protest.
Mr. CONGER. It seems to me that it is
rather late in the day for this country to refuse
to recognize any treaty obligations or the power
to make treaties with Indian tribes. If it be
true that the Government never has had and
has not any such power I venture to say that
the whole domain of the United States does
not belong to the United States, and that the
title which we have acquired for the whole
northwest territory does not vest that territory
in the United States nor in the States ; and
whatever notions gentlemen may have about
making treaties with the few Indians that re-
main, the time has been when the only power
by which the United States acquired its right
of eminent domain over all the vast lands of
the northwest was by just such treaties as this;
and when we deny the right to make them we
estop ourselves from claiming any control over
the lands.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask the gentle-
man to allow me to suggest an amendment. I
propose to amend the bill so that it will read
as follows:
That when the titlo of any Indian tribe to lands
shall bo divested in any manner whatever the same
shall be conveyed directly to the United States.
I think that will reach the object intended by
the bill and divest it of some of its objection-
able features.
Mr. JULIAN, I hope the House will allow
this question to be stated and understood. The
bill, as I have reported it from the committee,
is precisely what I think is needed. We make
no denial of any right under the Constitution
as to the power by treaty to dispose of these
Indian lands. We only say that when, an In-
dian tribe relinquishes its right of occupancy
its title shall be conveyed directly to the United
States, and fall under the operations of the
general land laws. Certaiuly the United States
have the right, when they acquire title to lands
of the Indians, to dispose of the lands thus
acquired exactly as they please and to see to
it that the homestead and preemption laws
shall be operative over every foot of it instead
of allowing it to go into the hands of some great
corporation or some hungry monopolists, as
has been the practice of the Government for
the last few years.
Mr. SARGENT. We do not object to that.
We only object to the first two lines which
recognize the treaty-making power.
Sir. JULIAN. There is 110 recognition in
the bill of the right by treaty to do anything
improper. It is simply a bill giving timely
notice to the Senate that this thing must stop,
and that hereafter, if it does make treaties, so
called, those tieaties shall be so shaped as to
convey the lands directly to the United States
and to nobody else. That is the whole effect
and purpose of the bill; and I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Julian] will not permit amend-
ments to be offered and voted upon I hope the '
previous question will not be seconded. It it
is, I shall have to move that the bill be laid
on the table.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 80, noes 30; no quorum voting.
Mr, JULIAN. I dislike to have the morn-
ing hour consumed over a question so imma-
terial as this.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Then let me
offer my amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. That is all we want.
Mr. JULIAN. I will withdraw the call for
the previous question and allow the amend-
ment to be offered.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move to amend
this bill by striking out the words "in any
treaty which may hereafter be concluded be-
tween the United States and any Indian tribe
by which the title of such tribe to their lands,"
and iusertingin lieu thereof the words "when
the title of any Indian tribe to landso that
the bill will read, if so amended, as follows:
That when the title of any Indian tribe to land
shall be divested the same shall be conveyed directly
to theUnited States, andshall thenceforward be sub-
ject to the authority of Congress in the same manner
as all other public lands.
Mr. BECK. Does the preamble remain in
the bill?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. It does.
Mr. BECK. Let it be read.
The preamble was read, as follows:
Whereas sundry treaties between the United States
and different Indian tribes have heretofore been con-
cluded, by virtue of which large bodies of land have
been transferred to individuals and corporations in
contravention of the spirit and policy of the pre-
emption and homestead laws of the United States;
and whereas the lands now known as Indian reser-
vations, on the extinguishment of the Indian title
thereto, should become tha property of the United
States and a pait of the public domain thereof, and
cannot rishtly be disposed of otherwise.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I think there is
no objection to the preamble.
Mr. SARGENT. There is no objection to
the preamble.
Mr. JULIAN. I now cali the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment moved by Mr.
Clarke, of Kansas, was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEADS OK PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands,, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, House bill
No. 303, amendatory of an act entitled "An act
to secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain."
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that if
any applicant for the benefit of the homestead
law has complied with the provisions of said
act, and is entitled under the second section
thereof to a patent for such homestead, on
making the final proof, as therein provided,
and is prevented by reason of distance, bodily
infirmity, or other good cause, from personal
attendance at the district land office, it shall
and may be lawful for him to make the affida-
vits and proofs required by the original statute
before the cleik of the court for the county in
which the applicant lias an actual residence,
and to transmit, the same, with the fees a,nd
commissions, to the register and receiver of
said district land office.
Mr. JULIAN. The provisions of this bill
are already in force as to the preliminary acts
of homestead claimants. This bill applies to
the final proof, and proposes to enable the
claimant, if he is sick or disabled, to make out
