-4184:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
fore had to Treasury notes to meet rapidly
accumulating obligations. In addition to
demand notes it was also found necessary to
make large issues of bonds or interest-bearing
securities, and to invite investments in them.
As the patriotism of the people cheerfully and
grandly furnished men, so did the capital of
the people promptly and freely furnish the
means to wage the great contest. But as the
war increased in duration and grew in dimen-
sions it was seen and felt that so large an issue
- of demand notes as might be necessary to carry
Hhe Government safely through the conflict
would be alike unwise and unsafe.
The situation was wisely comprehended, and
with a view to prevent a great if not fatal depre-
ciation of the Government notes, to initiate a
new form of currency which should rest upon
solid securities and have uniformity of value
by reason of its impress of national guarantee,
and to insure the negotiation of a large addi-
tional amount of interest:bearing securities, the
national-bank system was devised and enacted
into a law. Though new and experimental,
and put forward at a time of general distrust
and apprehension, it soon secured the confi-
dence and support of loyal and generous cap-
italists. Associations were rapidly organized;
the Government credit was sustained; the Gov-
ernment bonds were sold, and a safe and popu-
lar currency was furnished to the peoplo. It
solved the financial problem of the war, and
enabled the Government triumphantly to main-
tain the unity and integrity of the Kepublic.
Since the closc of the war the national bank
system has proved kind and beneficial in its
workings. The batiks have supported and
assisted the Government in its financial opera-
tions, mid have given steadiness tp the volume
of the currency and whatever of elasticity it
has possessed. While thus conserving the
general volume of circulation and adapting it
to the varying necessities of business, they have,
wherever established, encouraged local indus-
tries, stimulated and fosteredlocal enterprises,
and protected local interests. Indeed, they
have grown so rapidly in favor with the business
public and in tho confidence of the people, and
have becomo so interwoven with ana incor-
porated into all their transactions, that they
cannot be safely or wisely overthrown or dis-
pensed with. Nothing but the stern and over-
riding necessities of a gigantic war superseded
and abolished the State bank system.
Imperfect, insecure, and heterogeneous as
were the State banks in their organization and
issues of their notes, they could not have been
ubolished in a time of peace, if at all, without
producing such a financial revulsion as would
have wrecked and bankrupted a large majority
of (he business men of the country and brought
feat fill loss and disaster upon all classes. To
discontinue the present system, to force out
of existence over sixteen hundred banks scat-
tered over all portions of tho country, and con-
nected and related as they are to all the divers-
ities of trade and industry, and compel them
to call in the vast aggregate of their loans and
to throw upon the market over three hundred
and fifty million dollars of United States bonds,
would cause a'financial crash such as the coun-
try has never experienced; and from its dis-
asti'ous effects a score -of years could scarce
suffice for it to recover.
The only real and substantial complaint that
has been or can be made against the national
bank system is that it is restricted and partial
in its benefits. To this it may be replied, by
way of explanation, that the large amounts of
United States notes already issued at the lime
the law establishing national banks was passed
and the probable contingency that Government
necessities would require further issues, in con-
nection with the apprehension that evil results
■would flow from a currency too redundant,
were the main considerations for fixing the
limit uf notes for circulation at $300,000,000.
The uiger.t necessities of the Government
tad- the- frequent solicitations of influential
officials, in connection with the advantages
which the system itself offered, induced the
active and available capital of the eastern and
middle States to early take large portions of
the circulation.
The recognized importance of a uniform cur-
rency, based upon- a uniform and substantial
security, and the dangers and embarrassments
of a mixed, irredeemable State bank circula-
tion, soon led to the enactment of a law "taxing
State banks out of existence, but allowing them
to convert into national banks; and they-imme-
diately absorbed the balance of notes for cir-
culation. Pressing demands have since been
made and are continually being urged for art
enlargement of the circulation. So many and
so urgent have been the calls, and so accept-
able and useful has the system proved itself
to be, that a strong and growing sentiment
asks for the removal of all restrictions and the
enactment of a free-banking law.
Impressed as I ara with the conviction of
the general soundness and stability of the
national banks, and of their value and import-
ance in fostering and promoting all industrial
pursuits and business interests in localities
where they are established, I cannot but urge
as a measure of national justice, as well as of
national interest, that all sections of the coun-
try should participate in the advantages of the
system and enjoy the banking facilities now
possessed by moro favored portions. But
under tho peculiar conditions of the currency,
inconvertible and irredeemable as it now is,
an unrestricted issue of circulating notes, or
free banking, as it is termed, would in ray view
be neither wise nor prudent. With restriction
entirely and immediately removed, while the
existing banks would not be likely to surrender
any portion of their circulation, the demands
lor the benefits that flow from organized and
associated capital to local communities, and for
tho business facilities that are furnished best
and only by institutions authorized to make
loans, receive deposits, and issue bills of ex-
change, would induce the immediate organiza-
tion of a large number of banks in all parts of
the country, and as surely and rapidly in tho
eastern and middle as in tho western and
southern States; and thus a rapid and dan-
gerous expansion of the currency would be
likely to ensue, inflating tho prices of all com-
modities, unsettling all the values of property,
and plunging the commercial and trade inter-
ests of the country into general disorder, if
not ultimate bankruptcy.
Were it proper to be influenced in a matter
of this magnitude and moment by mere local
or sectional interest or desire, 1 might be
tempted to favor immediate free banking; for
my own State and section, notwithstanding they
have moro than their proportion of bank cir-
culation, need and desire more banking capital
and facilities, and would embrace the earliest
opportunity to secure it. But a gradual, pru-
dent. enlargement of tho banking system, limit-
ing its benefits to those portions or sections of
the country most needing and most deficient
in banking capital and facilities will, I judge,
be a safer and wiser measure, and conduce most
to the general welfare and prosperity. When
the States and sections in deficiency shall have
had time and opportunity to secure the amount
of banking facilities and accommodations which
their population, wealth, and industries require
for proper use and development ; when the Gov-
ernmentshallhaveappreciated and established
its credit and prepared itself to redeem its
matured obligations in real money; and when
the national banks shall have been required and
shall have prepared and strengthened them-
selves to redeem their circulation, then free
banking may be safely authorized and the whole
question of volume of currency be left to the
determination of the great trade laws of supply
and demand. The questions of uniformity,
safety, and value of currency are now, as they
must always be, proper subjects for legislative
consideration and determination. That of
volume OS amount, though heretofore and now
necessarily restricted in consequence of the
abnormal condition of the paper money of the
country, must ultimately be measured by the
wants of-trade.
For the purposes and in accordance with
the views just expressed, the Committee on
Banking and Currency have recommended in
the bill now before the House an increase of
$9-5,000,000 in notes for circulation, to be
issued only to national banking associations
organized or to be organized in States and
Territories having less than'thesr proportion.
Under this distribution the following States
and Territories would receive circulation nearly
as follows : Virginia, $8,596,020; West Vir-
ginia, $800,450; Illinois, $1,887,725 ; Mich-
igan, $1,375,745; Wisconsin, §3.703,398;
Iowa, $1,191,428; Kansas, $305,500; Mis-
souri, $5,246,475: Kentucky, $8,133,280;Ten-
nessee, $7,574,449 ; Louisiana, $9,486,411;
Mississippi, $5,211,617; Nebraska, $11,500;
Georgia, $8,180,400; Texas, $3,553,465;
North Carolina, $7,166,800; South Carolina,
$7,373,500; Alabama, $7,136,353 ; Oregon,
$282,000; Arkansas. $2,545,100; Utah, $102,-
000; California,$8,003,000; Florida, $955,500;
Dakota, $27,000; New Mexico, $480,000;
Washington Territory, $82,500; showing that
the eleven southern States would be entitled
to about seventy-five millions of the amount,
and the western States and Territories to about
twenty millions.
The amount to be distributed in tho southern
States may seem large; butwhen it is remem-
bered that Massachusetts and Rhode Island
have a circulation of nearly seventy-four mil-
lions, and the State of New York alone has over
seventy-six millions, and that in each of those
States the amount is constantly and profitably
employed in sustaining and increasing com-
mercial, mechanical, and industrial produc-
tions and pursuits, and when we consider the
immense area of the southern States, with their
rich and varied products and measureless ca-
pacities, and the new and rising industries
springing into life and force under the stim-
ulus of eager capital, of fresh immigration, and
free labor, we must admit that the amount is
really if not insufficiently small. So, too, with
the western and Pacific States, the $20,000,000
which they will receive is meager, indeed, when
compared with the amount which they could
profitably employ in carrying ibrward their
great enterprises and developing their wonder-
ful resources.
The next section of the bill seeks to guard
against an inflation of the currency, while in
its practical operation it may reasonably be
claimed that it does not materially, if at all,
diminish the volume of circulating medium.
It provides, first, that the Secretary ofthe Treas-
ury shall, to the extent of §45,000,000, retire
an amount of the three per cent, temporary
loan certificates equal to the amount of circu-
lating notes issued to banking associations,
the amount of these certificates outstanding
being about forty-five millions, and the banks
being authorized by law to regard and count
them as legal-tender reserves, when the amount
of $45,000,000 of circulating notes shall be
issued a like amount of legal tenders will be with-
drawn. The banks are required by law to
hold an average of twenty per cent, of their
circulation in legal tenders for the redemption
of their notes. This percentage of reserves
upon the $45,000,000 of notes issued would
require $9,000,000 of legal tenders to be held
for the redemption of circulation, which amount
added to the $45,000,000 of certificates retired
would equal a withdrawal of $53,000,000 of
legal-tender notes against $45,000,000 bank
notes issued; showing an apparent contraction
of $9,000,000.
But the constant and large issue by banks of
checks, drafts, and bills of exchange, which
take the place of currency and enter into the
current transactions of daily business, furnish
and supply a large addition of circulating
