2296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
I yield for twenty minutes to ray colleague on
the committee from Illinois, [Mr. McNeei.y.}
The SPEAKER. But ten minutes of the
morning hoar remain.
Mr, ARNELL. I yield to my colleague nine
minutes^
Mr. McNEELY. Does the gentleman intend
to demand the previous question this morning ?
Mr. ARNELL. No, sir; I desire to ask
of the Ohair if this bill will not go over as
unfinished business?
The SPEAKER. If it goes over it will hold
the morning houruntil theHouse in someway
disposes of it.
Mr. ARNELL. Then I yield to my colleague.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
endeavor to have it disposed of this morning.
The business in the morning hour is very
pressing.
Mr. ARNELL. I will yield to my colleague
to have read the substitute which he proposes.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
call the previous question before the morning
hour expires.
Mr. McNEELY. As I understand, the gen-
tleman from Tennessee yields to me for twenty
minutes.
Mr. ARNELL. No, sir. When I stated that
I would yield for that time I was under the im-
pression that there were twenty minutes remain-
ing of the morning hour. I will call the previous
question, and will then yield to the gentleman.
The amendment in the nature of a substi-
tute offered by Mr. McNeely was read. It
declares in the first section that the Bureau
of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands
be, and the same is hereby, abolished, and all
laws and parts of laws relating thereto are
hereby repealed.
The second section declares that all funds
now in the Treasury of the United Statos placed
to the account of the Commissioner of the
Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Aban-
doned Lands, be, and the same are hereby, cov-
ered into the Treasury of the United States.
The third section provides that all right,
title, and claim which the United States has
in and to all buildings repaired or constructed
in whole or in part, under the direction of the
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau, and
now hold by municipal or State authorities,
societies, corporate bodies, or trustees, for
educational purposes, is hereby transferred to
and vested in the several States in which such
buildings are situated, respectively.
The fourth section proposes that all hospi-
tals and asylums now snder the charge of tho
Commissioner of tho Freedmen's Bureau, and
all funds belonging thereto, shall hereafter be
under the supervision of the Secretary of War
until otherwise provided for by law.
The fifth section proposes that the Commis-
sioner of the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen,
and Abandoned Lands be allowed the period
of one month after the passage of this act to
fulfill all legal obligations and contracts now
existing, and to settle his accounts at the Treas-
ury of the United States, and that said Com-
missioner pay into the Treasury of the United
States all moneys remaining in his hands be-
longing to said bureau at the time of such final
settlement of his accounts j provided, that the
said Commissioner shall report to Congress
within three months after the passage of this
acta statementofall moneys received and paid
out by the Freedmen's Bureau during its exist-
ence, setting forth in such report the sources
from which such moneys were received and the
purposes for which they were expended.
Mr. ARNELL. I cannot yield for tho pur-
pose of admitting that amendment. I now eall
the previous question on the engrossment and
third reading of the bill.
Mr. WELKER. I hope the gentleman will
not call the previous question until we have a
further explanation of the bill.
Mr. McNEELY. It was the understanding
of the committee that an hour should be
allowed here, before the previous question was
ealled, so that the bill might he left open for
amendment-
Mr. ARNELL. I cannos admit my col-
league's amendment; and he must see that
if I were to yield to him indefinitely he would
have the right to offer his amendment. I must
therefore insist on calling the previous ques-
tion, and when that is seconded I will yield to
him as much of the hour as he may require.
Mr. WELKER. I appeal to the gentleman
from Tennessee not to insist on calling the
previous question now. I want to call his at-
tention to the phraseology of the bill which he
has reported. So far as I am concerned I am
anxious that this fund should bo transferred
over to the Bureau of Education ; but I want
it distinctly set forth in the bill that this fund
shall be used for tho purposes for which itwas
appropriated by Congress. And I want to call
the gentleman's attention to the fact, that as
he has reported his bill, he puts it in the power
of the Bureau of Education to apply as much
of the fund in that direction as it may see
proper. I ask the gentleman to say whether
itwas not the understanding that this bill should
be so amended as that this fund should bo
applied in that direction. The bill contains
the following words:
And that tho said funds bo exponded exclusively
for educational purposes, having special relerenco
to aiding iu the establishment and usefulness of
common schools among freodmen and refugees.
Now, I want to propose an amendment in
some shape or other, if the opportunity presents
itself, so that it shall be obligatory on the Com-
missioner of Education that this fuud shall be
sent in that direction, and that there shall not
be given him, as I think this bill gives him, a
discretion in expending for general educational
purposes throughout the country everywhere
as large an amount of this fund as he sees
proper to expend in this way. I waut him
limited in the exercise of his discretion as to
the expenditure of that fund.
Mr. ARNELL. I think tho gentleman
totally misconceives the bill as read from the
desk. It provides specially for the object that
he has in view, and directs that the former ap-
propriations which have been made by Con-
gress shall be expended for the use of refugees
and freedmen.
Now, I do not desire to press this bill upon
the House; I wish to allow such discussion as
may bo deemed desirable 5 but gentlemen can
very well see that it is necessary, with the
amount of business before the House, that we
should take some action. I will therefore call
the previous question, and will leave it for the
House to decide whether they will sustain it
or not.
Mr. WELKER. The gentleman is propos-
ing to transfer over half a million dollars and a
large amount of property to this bureau without
any discussion.
Mr. ARNELL. Tho gentleman is entirely
mistaken.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question ; and there were—ayes 20, noes
08 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. ARNELL. I withdraw the call for the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over until to-morrow.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the
Union on the tariff bill.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. Inorder that there may
be an understanding between the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means and the
House in reference to the business 011 the
Speaker's table, I wish he would state when
he will be ready and willing to allow the House
to go to business on tho Speaker's table or
allow a motion to be made for that purpose.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yesterday the House or-
dered that debate on the tstriif bill should close
to-day-one hour and a half after the Committee
of the Whole shall resume its'consideration.
My colleague on the committee [Mr. Mat^abdJ
will ask the indulgence of the House in my be-
half, and I mayor may not go on to-day, as the
House may require. But I see no reason why,
after an hour and a half, we-tnight not have the
committee rise and go-to business on the Speak-
er's table. 1 hope that will be done,
Mr. INGERSOLL. That would postpone
it till four o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has been ap-
pealed to bv several gentlemen who desire to
have bills taken from the Speaker's table for
reference only. Is there objection to the bills
being taken up in their order and referred
without objection ?
Mr. PETERS. I object. I want the House
to go to business upon the Speaker's table,
and the only way to get that is to keep up the
pressure.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 have already signified
to gentlemen that at the end of an hour and a
hall we can all concur in going to the Speaker's
table. I now yield to my colleague, [Mr. Mat-
naed.]
Mr. DAWES. I suggest that we devote
twenty minutes to the reference of bills on the
Speaker's table,
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to that. I
am willing to go to tho business on the Speak-
er's table for general business, but not simply
to refer bills. That would not help me at all,
Mr. DAWES. It will bring the gentleman'3
matter nearer to action.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am willing to refer
all the bills on the table that are in advance of
mine.
The SPEAKER. The bill of which the
gentleman has charge is the last bill to be
rebelled*
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I am willing that
all the rest shall bo referred.
Mr. DAWES. Then let the gentleman with-
draw his objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Peters] objected.
Mr. DAWES. What objection can the gen-
tleman from Maine have?
Mr. PETERS. I want to go to business on
the Speaker's table, and there is no way but
to keep up the pressure on it.
Mr. DAWES. Then the gentleman's method
of facilitating business is to hold it back.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schexck] indicate what motion ho
desires to make.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no proposition to
make. O110 of my colleagues on the commit-
tee [Mr. Mayxard] has a proposition to sub-
mit to the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. Yesterday, on motion
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, the House ordered that the general
debate on the tariff bill shall close one hour
and a half after the committee shall resume
its consideration to-day. It was arranged that,
the gentlenjan irom Illinois [Mr. Marshall]
should go on yesterday with his speech and
that I should reply to him, for which purpose
I have the floor in Committee of tho Whole.
If, however, the order made yesterday, closing
the general debate at the end of an hour and
a half, is to stand, I shall feel obliged out of
regard for the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, as well as fur other consid-
erations,to yield to him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will take the
sense of tho House upon the subject if the
gentleman will submit a motion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to reconsider the
vole by which the House on yesterday ordered
that all general debate on the tariff bill shall
be closed at the expiration of one hour and a
half from the time the House shall to-day
resume in Committee of the Whole the con-
sideration of that bill.
