338
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 1],
Ho. of Bbpp.
American Commerce—Mr. Negley.
41st Cong .... 2d Sess.
of their products and manufactures from the
second or third hand. Nearly their entire
trade is in the hands of England, and we pay
not only original cost, but freight, jobbing per-
centage, commissions, transhipments, and
insurance rates to our most selfish rivals.
Many descriptions of woolen goods, large
quantities of linen, more than half of the gloves
and leather goods, fancy articles, and other
merchandise imported to this country, are the
manufactures of Austria. These goods are
purchased by and often pass through three or
four hands, each of them making handsome
profits before they roach our market, so that we
pay often two and three hundred per cent,
over the original cost price.
The sample applies to the wines of Austria,
which are of the best produced in Europe.
The Austrian champaign wines have taken the
premium at the World's Fair, and are sold in
Vienna not over six dollars the case, while we
pay twenty and more.
The gloves sold in New York, with the Paris
trade-mark, are mostly manufactured in Aus-
tria, where they sell at $1 50 per dozen. They
are the finest gloves made in the world, and
their best qualities sell in New York ranging
upward of twenty dollars per dozen,and retail
at and over two dollars per pair.
Austria is famous for tanning kids and light
skins. Her leather manufactories excelled all
others at the World's Fair, and her laces were
equal, if not superior, to those of France and
Italy.
The articles for which we are mainly depend-
ent upon Turkey and Asia, os for instance
figs, sponges, gums, opium, and hundreds of
various other products, are sent from Smyrna
to London or Liverpool, and tiro then shipped
to this country, bearing English commissions,
profits, and expenses of transshipment and
transportation.
The production of sweet oil in all the Med-
iterranean countries is immense, especially
in southern France and Italy. Their article
is the purest and finest in the world, and
is bought there very cheaply in the crop or
pressed ; yet after passing through a process
of refinement (adulteration?) in the northern
cities of Franco it reaches our ports in her
steamers as an extravagant drug of enormous
price.
What advantages our silk trade must derive
from direct communication of our ports with
those of the Mediterranean may bo inferred
irom the fact that Lyons exported in 1808
only 700,270 francs' (about eight and a
half million dollars) worth to the United
States, while she exported to England 209,-
101,751 francs' (nearly forty-two million dol-
lars) worth of silk. It is evident that a very large
portion of these exports to England finally
reached our market, and was purchased by us
from English jobbers, paying their profit and
the additional freight of a circuitous transport-
ation*^ while, if we had direct steam connec-
tion with Marseilles, the nearest and most nat-
ural outlet of Lyons' commerce and industry,
our revenue would increase by the augmented
imports, and their price would be reduced for
the consumer on account of the material re-
duction in expenses.
In the same mariner the silk trade of Italy,
which reached in the single port of Genoa in
1808 nearly eight millions dollars in value,
would furnish another great acquisition in the
quota naturally turning to a direct trallic with
our ports.
I might enumerate a great number of articles
the freight alone of which by the present cir-
cuitous route ranges from twenty-live to fifty
dollars, which by the new and direct line of
communication could scarcely exceed the com-
mon charge from northern Europe, and it is
beyond a doubt that with proper management
the extent of our commerce with the Med-
iterranean and its tributaries will surpass all
anticipations, and its advantages are beyond
numerical computation.
An accurate representation of the importance
of the trade created by the Suez canal alone
will be appreciated in the following paragraph:
" The report lately presented by M. do Lesseps to
the meeting of Suez canal shareholders at Fans
states that about 8,000,090 francs will bo required
this year to complete or improve the works.
"Tho total number of vessols that passed through
the canal ftoui tho day of its opening to tho loth of
March was 209, representing: 1-10.0B1 tons. Ot those
56,052 tons were Knglish vessels, 34,890 French, 17,006
Egyptian, 1!,623Austrian,7,3801talian, 4,178 Russian,
•1,000 Xonv-ogian, 3,1100 Dutch, 880 Herman, 528 Span-
ish, 3,015 Prussian, 309 Portuguese, and 312 Turkish.
Of the 200 vessels 200 wore steamers, the others wore
sailing vessels. The tolls collected were ftom 79ves-
sels ot 54,614 tons, 130 vessels being exempt, having
passed through on tho occasion of tiio opening of the
canal, realizing 593,411 francs, and the amount.from
small vessols as transit dues was 20,186 francs. With
respoct to England the report says: 'Knglandhas
from tho first day been ablo to utilize tho canal
largely. You have seen what an imposing commer-
cial fleet sho has sent to it, and that floot augments
every day. Building-yards work literally night and
day in tho United Kingdom in transforming or build-
ing vessels. Wo could cite to you a singlo company
which, in its calculations, has put down an annual
paymontof 2,500,000 francs for the canal.'"—Galig-
nuni'v Mebvenffcr, of I'uris, April 12.
KXroitTS.
That tho markets for our exports will be
multiplied and enlarged by tho proposed line is
still more easily demonstrated. There are many
articles which would bo eagerly bought of us
by the East provided they could be shipped
from our ports to those countries at low rates
of freight and without paying foreign commis-
sions. Our agricultural implements, petro-
leum, coal, shovels, clocks, wooden ware, and
many others of our manufactures have now
an extremely limited market there, but would
be in great demand if freight was cheap and
the supply regular and free of the cost of a
transit trade. Wo sold in 1808 t.o Marseilles
alone over fifty thousand barrels of petroleum,
to Italy for 14,883,958 lire, ($3,000,000,) and
in similar proportion to other countries, with
an increasing demand.
Our locomotives and railroad cars, steam
boilers, and other machinery would find east-
ern purchasers if there were means of shipping
them directly and cheaply to south European
ports. Austria imported m 18Gb nearly live bun -
dred thousand hundred weight of machinery,
atid Russia has even now an agent, in Pittsburg
to examine models and inquire into the prices
of engines for the Volga. Egypt would be an-
other liberal customer, and Italy with her rail-
roads would welcome our competition with
English machinery.
Under such conditions as alluded to our
lumber, as boards, planus, ship building mate-
rial, and pig iron, would be shipped in large
quantities, as is indicated by the fact that Odessa
alone iraportcdin 1808 more than 38,000 tons.
The demand for coal throughout the Mediter-
ranean countries, India, and China is immense,
amounting to many millions of tons, and these
countries are now solely dependent upon Eng-
land for their supply. The price of English
coal there ascends to a high rate at certain sea-
sons, and if at anytime their friendly relations
with England should be disturbed and coal
should become a contraband of war the effects
would be disastrous indeed to these countries,
and there are at present many political com-
binations which may at any time precipitate a
general war in Europe. , This fact makes them
anxious to establish largo depots for reserve
supplies of coal in proper locations, so that we
conld now contract for several hundred thou-
sand tons yearly for any number of years.
Our bituminous coal is of much better qual-
ity than that of England and commands a
higher price, and by direct communication it
can be shipped at a larger profit than is now
obtained from the shipment of grain from New
York to Liverpool. There are more than six
hundred steamers on the Mediterranean depend-
ing upon this precious fuel, besides the navies
of the adjacent countries, the river steamers
and large manufacturing establishments; in
fact, the demand for American coal is greater
than we could find vessels immediately to sup-
ply, and it will constantly increase.
As to cotton, Barcelona alone buys over
eighty thousand bales of American cotton,
besides sixty thousand bales of foreign ; in the
same manner Trieste uses one hundred thou-
sand bales of American cotton annually, and
of American tobacco there are now about fifty
thousand hogsheads consumed by these two
ports ; but this quantity will eventually largely
be increased by dircct and rapid intercourse
with the producers. Russia's entire demand
of American cotton (last year about twenty-
lour million dollars} would be carried under
such circumstances via Odessa.
The cotton-spinners of Austria and Spain
now purchase their American cotton in Liver-
pool or Loudon by telegraphic orders, demand-
ing the purchase at figures not higher than
those quoted at Barcelona or Trieste. These
same orders, in tho same way and at the same
rate, would be received and executed in our
ports if we had direct transportation, and
thereby wc would realize better prices and
retain the commissions for receiving and for-
warding the staple.
We need not bo apprehensive of the compe-
tition of Indian or Egyptian cotton. In spite
of the zealous efforts of Groat Britain, and her
lavish expenditures for railroad communica-
tions, machinery, irrigation, and other means
of encouragement and assistance, and the late
tour of tho Governor General, the cotton pro-
duction in India has fallen off from 1805 to
1809 by more than six hundred thousand bales.
This is partly due to our expansion in the pro-
duction of this staple and partly to tho decline
in the price of Indian cotton induced by its infe-
rior quality, and to other causes.
India cannot raise cotton at less than twenty-
five cents per pound; at fifteen cents their
crops would not pay for the raw food used by
their laborers; yet when Indian cotton brings
fifteen cents, American will command twenty-
five, owing to its superior quality.
In Egypt also the production of cotton has
proved itself a poor speculation. The present
distinguished viceroy, a ruler of rare ability,
unsurpassed energy, and preeminent statesman-
ship, has used gigantic efforts to overcome the
natural disadvantages of climate and soil; but
with all the resources of his Government, and
his great genius, there has never been raised
more than one fifth of a bale of cotton to the
acre, a crop which would be a failure even
if it was of the best quality, commanding the
highest prices.
Thesteadily increased demand for our article
in all foreign markets, and its continued and
augmented consumption all over the world,
prove clearly what immense impulse and
growth our production of this staple will re-
ceive by enterprises like that inaugurated by
the Mediterranean and Oriental Steam Navi-
gation Company.
The entire demand of cotton all over the
world amounts now to over six and a half mil-
lion bales per annum, and the aggregate sup-
ply scarcely reaehes six millions. This in-
adequacy of production has been caused by
the shortcomings of the Indian and Egyptian
article in quantity and quality, and it is but
natural that we should supply the deficit by our
next crop. Our capacity for doing this is more
than ample; we could,if necessary, raise the
entire six million bales, and our crops would
still be remunerative, even if such an in-
crease in production should reduce the price
of this staple to ante-war figures of eleven and
ten ccnts per pound, provided we could mul-
tiply our laboring forces by immigration. And
