1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1353
from OTJrien count}-, Iowa, to the Missouri
r-.vor, at or near Yankton, in Dakota Territory ;
ui.ich wi-io i'i lor rod to the Committee on Pub-
lic 1,::i! N. ii'mI ordered to be printed.
Mr. J'Klii'Y [irosomed a memorial of citi-
zens of Connecticut. engaged in business re-
(jiiirii 'j the use of steam power, remonstrat-
ii-ir grant ingot't lie pet it ion of George
H fii.-> tor t ,n> extension ot his letters-patent
of March 10. 184',', for improvements in the
sieatn-uig'ue; which was referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Patent-*.
He ai.-o presented the petition of John II.
Knbv. Snfi'o.k, Nansemoml county, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabilities ;
ivInch was referred to the select Committee on
tli" ilemoval of Political Disabilities.
Mr. RAMSEY' presented a petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which wa3 ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. HA ULAN presented three petitions of
citizens of Iowa, praying for the abolition ot the
franking privilege ; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
the corporation of the college of William and
Mary, Williamsburg, Virginia, asking for an
appropriation of money or a grant of land to
reimburse the college for the destruction in
180:2,1803, and 1864 of its buildings, inclosures,
and other college property, by Union troops of
General McClelLin's army ; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
He iilso presented the petitions of John A.
Hutchison, of Richmond, Virginia ; of James
M. Hisey and Samuel Rinker, of Edinburg,
Virginia; of Martin Smith, of Richmond,
Virginia ; of Henry Jennings, of Shenandoah,
Virginia: of William H. Crouch, of Morris-
town, Virginia; of Henry E. Blair, of Roan-
oke county, Virginia ; of William Thompson, of
Charlotte county, Virginia ; of C. T. C. Carr,
of Halifax county, Virginia: and of Robert
H. Edmundson, of Halifax county, Virginia,
praying the removal of their political dis-
abilities ; which was referred to the select
Committee ou the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE PETITIONS.
The following petitions for the abolition of
the franking privilege were filed with the Sec-
retary, and ordered to lie on the table :
By Mr. BOREMAN: Two petitions from
citizens of West Virginia.
By Mr. WILSON : A petition from citizens
of Massachusetts.
By Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont: A petition
from citizens of Vermont.
By Mr. CAMERON : A petition from citi-
zens of Pennsylvania.
ALYIN P. HOVEY.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom the subject was
referred, reported a joint resolution (S. R. No.
131) to authorize the payment of the full salary
of Alvin P. Hovey as minister in Peru, with-
out deduction on account of absence from his
post; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it is hardly worth
while that that resolution should go on the
Calendar, and I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to consider it now. It is simply to
provide tor payment to General Hovey of his
lull salary during his absence from Peru, with-
out any deduction, he being delayed here by
attendance, as is well known, on an important
case iti Indiana. I should like to have the
joint resolution read in full.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that Alvin P. Hovey, envoy extraordinary and
minister plenipotentiary of the United States
in Peru, who has been absent from his post
as a witness in a judicial proceeding interesting
to the United States, be paid the full amount i
of his salary notwith standing such absence.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
S I!. HISSELI,.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 107) for the relief of Commo-
dore S. 13. Bissell, have instructed me to report
it back with an amendment and recommend its
passage. 1 presume there will be no objection
to this ; and it is hardly worth while to put it
011 the Calendar. I ask for its present consid-
eration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. 11. No. 107) for
the relief of Commodore S. B. Bisseil. it pro-
videsthatfromthe 13th day of September, 1855,
to the 14th of January, 1858, Commodore S.
B. Bisseli shall be allowed the present pay of
a commander in the United States Navy.
The amendment of the Committee 011 Naval
Affairs was to strike out the words ''present
pay of a commander in the Navy" and insert
in lieu thereof " the difference between the pay
that he received and the pay of a commander
in the United States Navy."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time.
Mr. BOREMAN. I should like to hear some
explanation of that resolution before it is
passed.
Mr. ANTHONY. Commodore Bissell was
furloughed under the act of 1855, and after-
ward, under the provisions of the act of Jan-
uary 1G, 18G7, a court of inquiry was held
and he was restored with the rank of com-
mander, to date from the time of the furlough.
Owing to a literal interpretation put upon one
of the sections of the bill regulating the audit-
ing of accounts, the accounting officers of the
Treasury construed this as allowing him only
the pay for the rank on which he wasfurloughed,
and not of the rank to which he was restored,
as an act of justice to him by the President.
This is to pay him the difference between the
pay of a lieutenant and of a commander.
Mr. SHERMAN. When was he furloughed ?
Mr. ANTHONY. In 1855.
Mr. SHERMAN. It occurred to me, but
I did not intend to make any objection, that
the pay of an officer of that rank in 1855 was
very different from the pay now.
Mr. ANTHONY. That we have remedied.
The committee have struck out the word "pres-
ent" and the joint resolution is amended so
as to allow him to receive only the pay he
would have been entitled to under the then
existing law.
Mr. SHERMAN. To that I have no objec-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
Shall the joint resolution pass?
The joint resolution was passed.
RED RIVER COUNTRY.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
one thousand copies of the correspondence
relative to the expulsion of William McDoug-
allfrom the Winnipeg territory, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment and
to recommend its passage. I ask for its pres-
ent consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That one thousand extra copies of the
communication of the President, of February 3,
inclosing a letter of the Secretary of State upon the
expulsion of Hon. William McDougallfrom Winni-
peg territory, in British America, and the resistance
of theE,ed riverpeopleto the jurisdiction of Canada,
bo printed for the use of the Senate, and five hundred
extra copies for the use of the State Department.
The resolution was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr-. FERRY,from the Committee 011 Patents,
to whom was referred the petition of Samuel
Pierce, and the bill (S. No. 233) for the relief
of Samuel Pierce, submitted an adverse report
thereon ; which was ordered to be printed,
and the bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 133) for the refunding
of the hospital money collected of the whaling
bark Hamilton, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the petition of
J. II. Merrill, praying a refunding of certain
money paid by him to the Commissioner of
Patents for the fee required on an applica-
tion for a patent, reported adversely thereon,
and asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
•Mr. WILLEY. The Committee on Patents,
to whom was referred the petition of certain
artists in Boston, praying that the law of copy-
right may be amended so as to include works
of art, and a bill (S. No. 61) to secure the
copyright of paintings, drawings, and models,
have instructed me to report thein back, and
thinking the subject more appropriate for the
consideration of another committee, the Com-
mittee on the Library, the Committee on
Patents ask to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof and that they be referred
to the Committee on the Library.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. The Committee 011 Patents,
to whom was referred the petition of Charles
A. Pitcher, praying for compensation for the
use of a valuable patent for the manufacture
of brooms, belonging to the petitioner, in the
penitentiary in the District of Columbia, have
examined this case so far as to come to the con-
clusion that it is a subject not proper for the
Committee on Patents to act upon, but that it
is proper for the Committee on Claims. The
Committee on Patents therefore ask to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. The Comrmtteeon Patents,
to whom was referred the petition of Horace
L. Emery, of Albany, New York, praying that
the Commissioner of Patents be authorized to
hear and determine his application for an
extension of a patent for improvement in an
endless chain horse-power, have had the same
under consideration and have come to a con-
clusion adverse to the prayer of the petition,
and ask to be discharged from the further con
sideration thereof.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Frank H. Johnson, praying compensation for
carrying the mail on routes Nos. 4339, 4340,
in Wythe county, Virginia, submitted an ad-
verse report thereon ; which was ordered to bo
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of W. A. Wheeler,
praying for compensation for losses incurred
by contracts with the Navy Department, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon ; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John A. Wilcox,
captain in the fourth regiment United States
cavalry, praying to be relieved from all liability
on account of Government funds stolen from
him on the 14th of February, 1867, submitted
a report accompanied by a bill (S. No. 552)
for the relief of Captain John A. Wilcox.
