1870.
THE CONGI1ESSIQNAL*-GLOBE).
mn
medium as well as greatly facilitate trade. The
aggregate of these legitimate and convenient
forms of paper valuesissued by the large num-
ber of banks taking the $45,000,000 of circu-
lation will greatly exceed the $9,000,000 of
legal tenders withdrawn. So that while there
will be an apparent reduction, there will, for
all the purposes and necessities of business
operations, be a large increa.se of useful circu-
lating medium. If the issue of circulating notes
shall advance beyond $45,000,000, then the
Secretary of the Treasury is required to redeem
and cancel an amount of United States notes
equal to eighty per cent, only of such increase.
The average of reserves required being, as
before stated, twenty per cent, of circulating
notes, no contraction of the currency is pos-
sible as to the remaining §50,000,000 author-
ized ; while all the forms of checks, dralts,
and bills ot exchange before alluded to will
be largely issued by the banks taking the
$50,000,000 ; and thus again the bulk of circu-
lating medium will be considerably enlarged.
I am aware that it is claimed by those who
favor an expansion of currency, that inasmuch
as the banks are required to keep on hand the
same amount of reserves to secure their de-
posits as they are for their circulation, and
inasmuch as the average of deposits is about
equal to the circulation, the operations of the
bill will require a withdrawal of legal tenders
equal to twenty per cent, of the deposits, and
that so a contraction of currency equal to §19, -
000,000 will take place. Now, while it is true
that nearly that amount of legal tenders will
be held out of circulation for the guarantee of
deposits, it is not practically true that it will
operate to diminish tlm volume of available
circulating medium; for it is wqII known that
deposits are used as a basis of large additional
loans and business accommodations; discounts
are made from them, bills of exchange are sold
against them, and checks and certificates are
issued upon them; so that in practical busi-
ness operations they largely augment bank
facilities and swell the volume ot paper circu-
lation.
It is also claimed that the supply of legal
tenders at the money centers is frequently
short, and that the withdrawal ot the amount
requisite for the reserves for the additional
banks contemplated will render it difficult to
keep up the necessary reserves at the centeis.
Bat the establishment of new hanks m the
States now destitute or deficient will greatly
remedy, if not entirely remove that difficulty ;
for large amounts of legal tendersare now
held in those States and away from tao money
centers, for the very reason that they have no
home bank circulation. Let national banks
be established in such States, and they would
furnish their notes to the people, and the legal
tenders would be released to go where they
m'i'hcrc*arc^now outstanding $36G,000,000 of
United States notes, and $45,000,000 ol three
per cent, certificates, making au aggregate ot,
say, §400,000,000 of legal-tender notes, ft,
now. the banking circulation be enlarged as pro-
posed, it will then amount to S!j9u,000,000 ; aim
with an aggregate of deposits equal to the cir-
culation we should have a total ot 5190,000,000
reouiring reserves. Twenty per cent, or tins
would require $158,000,000 of ^ndew,
which amount deducted from the *>400,00. ,000
would leave $242,000,000 of United Mates
notes still available for general circulation and
use. There is a great and honest diversity ot
oninion as to whether the present volume ot
currency is in excess or deficiency. However
that may be, it probably would not be wiseto
materially vary it now. Expansionists c.ami
that the present bill will operate to con tract it.
Contractionists claim, with equal persistency,
that it is a measure of enormous expansion.
May it not be reasonably inferred that the tru.h
rests between the two, and that it will neither
increase nor dimmish materially the •
The next section of the bill recognizes the
necessity for and seeks to initiate a plan by
which the interest upon the public debt may
be reduced. It requires the .funding of the
legal-tender notes that may be withdrawn by
the operations of the bill into United States
bonds, payable at twenty-five years from date,
and bearing interest at the rate of four and a
half per cent, per annum, payable semi-annu-
ally, principal and interest payable in coin.
It thus provides for changing a portion of the
overdue and dishonored promises of the Gov-
ernment into time obligations at a lower rate
of interest than has yet been secured. This
surely is in the direction and in aid of improv-
ing and strengthening the public credit. If the
legal-tender notes are a debt of the Govern-
ment, as they surely are, which is ever to be
paid or provided for, then the sooner they are
paid or exchanged for a new obligation the
sooner will the faith and credit of the Govern-
ment be restored and assured. This quality
of the legal tenders, and this obligation of the
Government in regard to them, were acknowl-
edged in their issue and still attach to them.
But they have not been paid because of the
inability to make so large a payment, and thoy
have not been exchanged into interest-bearing
obligations because they were used as a part
of the circulating medium of the country, and
it was neither wise nor safe to reduce the vol-
ume of currency by their withdrawal.
The plan now proposed retires in a safe and
gradual way a limited amount ot these notes
by funding them into bonds bearing a low rate
of interest, and upon such bonds as security
issues an amount of national bank notes equal
in value and substantially equal in volume.
The next feature of the bill provides a way and
prescribes the terms and conditions upon which
all existing banks shall be required to exchange
the bonds now deposited as security for their
circulating notes for the new four and a half
per cent, bonds provided. Much, and perhaps
reasonable complaint has been made of the
unjust and onerous conditions of the Senate
funding bill, so called, in summarily forcing the
national banks to exchange their bonds depos-
ited for circulation for the bonds authorized
in that measure.
The stockholders and officers of many of
these institutions have represented through
petitions to Congress, through discussion in
the public prints, and through private corre-
spondence, that such a forced method of ex-
chango would operate with great hardship upon
the banks; tiiat banking upon such bonds
would be undesirable and unprofitable; that
it would cripple them by loss upon such ex-
change, and render them powerless to aid the
Government in further funding operations.
Whatever force or truth there may have been
in such and similar representations, the pro-
visions of this bill obviate nearly if not quite
all such objections. The first condition is
that only when sixty per cent, of the whole
i $95,000,000 of circulating notes authorized
I shall have beeu issued to new banking associa-
j lions organized upon the new four and a half per
; cent, bonds, shall the obligation to exchange
! attach to the old banks, /f hey shall then have
I one year from date of notice that such increase
\ of circulating notes has been issued within
i which to make the required exchange, or to
I comply with the other condition of surrendering
j then circulation and withdrawing their bonds.
I The argument and justice of the bill is that
the proposed enlargement of bank circulation
is permissive and experimental, not arbitrary
or forced; and whether the advantages and
benefi's of the national banking system will
warrant and induce the acceptance of bonds as
security for circulation at a reduced and rea-
sonable rale of interest is first to be tested and
determined before any conditions or modifica-
tions attach to the old banks. It may be fairly
presumed that capital in this, as in all ques-
tions of investment and use, will be governed
by the prospect and expectation ot advantage
and profit. If, then, capital in new and differ-
ent parts of the country where it is proposed
to establish additional banks shall- determine
that it is safe, desirable, and profitable t® bank
upon a four and a half per cent, bond, and
shall organize banking associations and take
$57,000,000 of the new circulating notes, may
not such a result be justly considered as a test
and settlement of the question of profit'and
desirability, and will it. not be_ alike just and
reasonable that upon such conditions the exist-
ing banks should be required either to accept
the exchange of bonds proposed or withdraw *
and allow new and more enterprising capital to
occupy the field? Thetakingot the.$57,()00,QOO
of increase of circulating notes upon the new
bonds would also quiet all apprehension or
danger in regard lo the continuance and per-
manence of the national banking system and
would strengthen and establish it in the inter-
ests of the Government and the confidence of
the people.
And this would inuro greatly to the advan-
tage of the old banks by giving them assured
stability and value ; for it can hardly be sup-
posed that a basis of banking which would be
for the interest of $57,000,000 of new capital
to adopt would not also be equally desirable
and profitable for $300,000,000 of capital al-
ready organized and in successful operation to
accept. It may hence be reasonably inferred
that the existing ban.ks would cheerfully ex-
change their present securities for the new
bonds proposed. This would bring all tho
banks to a uniform basis, and with a commu-
nity of interest to improve and perfect the sys-
tem, and under just regulations and prudent
oversight, the national banks would furnish to
tho country a currency safe and uniform and
well adapted to all the varying wants of trade.
Tho next feature of the bill is the authoriz-
ing of the formation of national banking asso-
ciations, for the purpose of issuing what way
be termed gold notes, or a ourrency based upon
and redeemable iu coin. The bonds which
they are required to deposit to .secure their
notes are tho same four and a half par cent,
bonds provided for banks taking the new eir
dilation authorized, while the amhuut of notes
which may bo issued to them cannot be in
excess of eighty per cent, of tho par value of
the bonds deposited, thus amply protecting the
Government in their guarantee of the notes.
Sueh banks are also required to keep on hand
at all times an amount of gold coin equal to
twenty-five per cent, of their outstanding cir-
culation for the purpose of redeeming their
notes on presentation. They are also required
to keep on hand the same amount of gold to
secure their deposits that other banks are of
legal tenders. Inasmuch as the restoration of
the currency to a coin standard and basis is the
great desideratum, there would seem to be no
objection to the establishment of banks, under
safe and proper restrictions, for issuing notes
redeemable in gold.
It has been questioned whether in the pies-
ent disordered condition of the finances and
currency, capital would be induced or would
find it profitable to organize such banks. But
the discussions in the Senate upon tho currency
bill, as well as representations made to the
committee, induce the belief that on the Pacific
coast, as well as at New Orleans, and possibly
in New York, sueh banks will he organized
and prove useful and profitable. If they shall
be established the volume of the currency will
be enlarged to tho extent of the issue of their
notes. But as the notes will rest upon and be
convertible into coin, there can, under the safe-
guards and limitations of the bill, be no objec-
tion to their authorization.
Tho next feature of the bill is a provision
for a redistribution of the national hank
currency under the contingency ot its >e-
quirement beyond the proposed increase o.
$95,000,000 of circulating note.   hue con-
ceding that under the existing limitation t.ie
distribution of banking currency is parual au<.
unequal, and fully recognizing the tact tha.
