1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
3241
when that bill was not up. I endeavored to
brine this appropriation bill to the consider-
ation of the Senate yesterday before the con- ,
elusion of the regular order, the Calendar, and
the Senator from Massachusetts certainly, it 1
am not greatly mistaken, pledged himself to
the support of this bill to-day, and I was told
that to-day there would be no objection to pro-
ceeding with it. But I am not going to debate
the question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we ought to
consider first the bill to enforce the fifteenth
amendment, and second the appropriation bill.
We can pass them both in two days, I think ;
but the motion of the Senator from Maine
passes by the fifteenth amendment bill as well
aTeverything else. Now, in order to reach
my object, I make a motion which will super-
sede his; and that is, that the pending order be
passed over, which will then enable us to move
to take up the fifteenth amendment bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion,
under the new rule, has priority, and it is not
debatable.
Mr. CRAGIN. I rise to make an inquiry,
whether we are now acting under the order to
proceed with the consideration of the Calen-
dar, acting on those bills not objected to?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The operation
of that order ended yesterday about half past
three o'clock.
Mr. CRAGIN. I understood we went back
and took up this bill, it having been previously
passed over, the objection being withdrawn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No; itwas taken
up by unanimous consent.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator misunderstands.
The bill abolishing the franking privilege was
up, and we simply gave way to let the Senator
from Iowa pass his Indian bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] has made a motion
higher in its character than that of the Senator
from Maine, which is to pass over the present
bill. Under the new rule that motion will be
decided without debate.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes thirteen,
noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs upon the motion of the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered, to postpone the pres-
ent and all prior orders.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yesterday, when the Sen-
ate had nearly completed the Calendar, and
when the Senator irom Maine claimed, as by
the precedents of the Senate the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations always has
a right to claim, the floor with a bill which had
been reported for some time, there was a gen-
eral understanding that to-day he should have
the right to call up his bill if he would waive
it for the present and allow the Calendar to be
gone through with. I think it is a matter of
good faith toward the Senator from Maine, as
well as for the promotion of the public busi-
ness, that we should take up the appropriation
bill now.
Mr. RAMSEY. How about good faith to
others?
Mr. ANTHONY. We are talking about an
adjournment; and here are the appropriation
bills thatmustbe passed before we can adjourn.
I think it is a matter of fairness to the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations that
we should take up his bill now.
Mr. HARLAN. That of course was with
the understanding that we should be able to
complete the bill which was taken up on my
motion before the adjournmentyesterday even-
ing; but the Senate thought it advisable to
adjourn and complete the bill this morning.
All I desire is that the work shall be accom-
plished this morning that the Senate agreed
to finish yesterday evening. There are the
same reasons for it this morning that there were
then, and after a discussion of some length the
Senate, by unanimons consent, agreed to take
up the bill. The sense of the Senate has
already been expressed, and I hope my Hon-
orable friend from Maine will withdraw hie
motion. He has already seen that there were
only thirteen voting in lavor of the motion of
the honorable Senator fromVermont, and that,
certainly, is a sufficient indication ot the sense ;
of the Senate that this bill ought to be pro- 1
ceeded with.
Mr. SAWYER. I thought there waa unan-
imous consent yesterday that this appropria-
tion bill should come up to-day when the morn- ;
ing hour expired. That was the general un-
derstanding. There certainly waa no objection
made when that proposition was suggested.
The bill of the Senator from Iowa was allowed
to come up in consequence of that understand-
ing.
Mr. HOWE. I never heard of this universal
understanding until this morning. If it was
universal I do not belong to the universe, be-
cause I was no party to the understanding.
The bill which stood at the head of the order
of business yesterday was the bill which is
especially interesting to the Senator from Min-
nesota. I profess to take a little interest in
that question myself. I urged upon the Senate
the importance of proceeding with the consid-
eration of that bill, and not postponing it for
anything. But the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Harlan] made rather a fervid, almost a pas-
sionate appeal to us, an appeal in the name
of women and children—an appeal that I am
, never deaf to altogether—to proceed to the
consideration of that bill, which is the unfin-
ished business now. I dia not readily yield to
that; but when his appeal was seconded by
several other Senators about me I acquiesced, I
and supposing that to be a case of extreme 1
emergency, by unanimous consent everything
else was postponed and the Senate took up that
bill.
Now, I think we had better finish the con-
sideration of that bill. I had called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered on the
question of postponing the bill for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege. I want to say
that if I can get an opportunity I shall want
the yeas and nays upon the question of post-
poning that to any other bill tuat I know of on
the Calendar, and especially to an appropria-
tion bill, because if there is a bill on the Cal-
endar which it is less important to proceed
with the consideration of now than that for
the abolition of the franking privilege it is an
appropriation bill. Everybody knows that we
shall not adjourn till we have provided for our
own pay for the next session. Everybody
• knows that we never shall adjourn till we have
' disposed of all the appropriation bills. But I
begin to have some little donbt myself—I have
not had any until within a day or two; the coun-
try has had doubt for a great while—whether
i we should adjourn before we found time to
pass the bill the Senator from Minnesota has
I in charge. Until within a day I have not had
a doubt. To-day I would not make an affidavit
i that we shall not adjourn without the passage
! of that bill; but we shall not adjourn till all
1! the appropriation bills pass. Therefore I do
not know a bill on the Calendar that I should
I sooner postpone to the consideration of the
' bill for the abolition of the franking privilege
! than an appropriation bill. I think we had
< better go on with the consideration of the
'! measure we now have before the Senate, and
i when that is finished we can take the vote on
i postponing the franking privilege bill.
J Mr. SAULSBURY. If my ears did not
i deceive me yesterday, when the Senator from
| Maine ceased to persist in his attempt to get
I his bill before the Senate, he stated distinctly
; | that if it should be understood that he could
! have the privilege of taking it up this morning
'| he would cease urging it at that time. That
! was distinctly stated by the Senator, as I
I understood.
! Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It was.
! Mr. SAULSBURY. Now, Mr. President,
il the Senator from Wisconsin may not belong
to the universe and yet he may belong to the
general body of the Senate. It was certainly
distinctly understood here on this side of the
Chamber that the Senator from Maine yielded
urging taking up the appropriation bill yes-
terday with the understanding that he should
have the privilege of taking it up this morning.
If thatwas the general understanding, although
not universal, it is a great deal better to adhere
to the general understanding of the Senate, to
preserve an understanding inviolate, than to
violate that understanding for any temporary
purpose, however urgent.
Mr. President, we have been told frequently
in this Chamber that the country understands
and the country urges. Why, Mr. President,
this country is composed of some forty million
people. How is it that to any one individual
the understanding of the whole country can be
imparted ? How do we know what the under-
standing of the country is ? How do we know
what the country demands? I submit, Mr.
President, that good faith entitles the Senator
from Maine to go on with his appropriation bilL
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think I ought
to say one word about this understanding. It
will be recollected by those who gave attention
to the subject yesterday that I undertook to
antagonise this appropriation bill against the
rest of the Calendar* the Calendar not printed,
after that portion of the Calendar which was
printed had been gone through with. I then
supposed the rnle had been exhausted, and I
endeavored to bring up this appropriation bill.
Thereupon & discussion arose as to going through
with the cases on the Calendar, but which were
not on the printed Calendar. I was then ap-
pealed to by the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Nye,] who said that we might all be accom-
modated by allowing the Calendar to be dis-
posed of yesterday, and to-day at one o'clock,
by general consent, this bill should come up.
That was stated very broadly. I replied to it
that if that would satisfy the Senate, if the Sen-
ate would consent that this bill should come up
without contest, seeing a disposition on the part
of the Senate to continue the Calendar, I would
withdraw, and on that proposition I did with-
draw. There was no dissent from any part of
the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will ask the Senator from
Maine whether at that time I did not protest,
with numbers about me on this side of the
Chamber ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say
one other thing in reference to my honorable
friend from Iowa as to his bill. His bill comes
up in this way: he was not on the floor, and
was not antagonizing my motion; after the
Calendar had been gone through with under
the order, and the order was exhausted, and
the Chair so ruled, the Senator from Iowa
took up his bill by the general judgment of
the Senate, saying that it would only occupy
a few minutes. Now, I submit in candor to
that honorable Senator whether he did not
take it up, whether he must not be regarded
as having taken it up in subordination to the
general understanding that to-day I should be
at liberty to go on with the appropriation bill?
Mr. HARLAN. The bill the honorable
Senator refers to was a different bill. I antag-
onized with his bill in the first instance, the bill
for the sale of the Kaw Indian reservation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not have
any reference at all to anything of that kind.
I only say that the understanding that I should
have to-day originated on the question of pro-
ceeding with the general Calendar yesterday.
That is what I mean to say. But the honor-
able Senator's bill, after the general Calendar
had been gone through with, came up, and of
coarse it came up subject to the general under-
standing. T(.
Now, one word more and I have done. It
the Senate proceed now to take up this appro-
priation bill and pass it, when it is through the
bill of which the honorable Senator has charge
will be in order, and it can be finished.
