1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
schedules of reformatory, penal, and other
establishments, and that within the thirty days
succeeding that on which the census is to he
taken, the enumerators are to go around and
collect these schedules filled up. I hope, after
a proclamation by the President of the United
States, after posters shall have been put up by
the district superintendents upon every black-
smith-shop and at every cross-roads, after
the press shall have called the attention of the
people to the importance of this work, I say I
hope that one half or two thirds of these sched-
ules will have been filled up ready for the enu-
merator, facilitating his work, and giving accu-
racy to a census taken with reference to that
one day, the 1st of June, 1870.
Mr. Chairman, I had not intended to say
more than this upon the general subject at this
time; but for fear that there may be a limit-
ation of debate when we come to the discussion
of this bill section by section I will make one
or two remarks farther.
That for which the census of I860 and I860
received the highest commendation of the
statists of Europe, and that of which wo may
be justly proud, was that they aimed to obtain an
accurate enumeration of the aggregate wealth
of this country and its aggregate income. It
has justly been deemed that it would be dis-
graceful for the American Republic, especially
after so great a war, to fail to take a full, com-
plete, and accurate account of stock. Home,
even in the earliest days of her kings, under
Servius Tullius, established a census not only
of people but of property; and a littlo later she
created a censor who had most extraordinary
powers even over the morals of the people;
and in the days of tho Empire Julius Caasar
revised the census laws and regulations, and
Augustus Caesar carried them out. That census
not only enumerated, as has been said, tho
people, but enumerated the property by classes,
tho industry by classes, the aggregate wealth
and the income of tho Roman empire. And
these returns embraced not only tho immediate
cities or provinces of Italy, but those of Judea,
of Northern Africa, of Spain and her prov-
inces; and these returns of aggregate wealth
and of aggregate income by classes were period-
ically laid before the Roman senate. In view
pf these facts, it would bo disgraceful to the
American people if, with all our advances in
science, all the appliances of modern ingenuity,
wo should not seek to obtain fully, completely,
entirely a knowledge of the aggregate wealth
and the aggregate income of this country.
"We know that Great Britain in 1808 had _a
pross income of $4,000,000,000; that of this
sum £375,000.000, say $1,875,000,000, was
income derived from the weekly wages of the
laboring classes. And shall we not then seek
to obtain by classes not only from the great
industries, not only from the great capitalists,
but from the masses of the people an accurate
inventory of income as well as of accumulated
real and personal estate ?
I do not know that I say anything which may
reflect upon the majority of this House when
I assert that in late years, perhaps owing to
tile-confusion of war and the trials subsequent
thereto, you have not in levying your taxes been
considerate of the people in tho same way as a
wise general is considerate ot his army when
he sends them into the field.
The soldier has so much burden to carry.
The general does not pile it all on his back; he
stops to consider how much can be put around
tho waist, how much into his hands; in other
words, how much the man can carry without
producing a sore or inconvemencc. Is it not
•■vise at this time in providing for a census
that we should consider how far_we are making
sores upon the body-politic—is it not time
for us to ask whether classes are not being
'favored in this land; is it not time for us to
inquire in view of the fact m New York that
19,019 men pay tax on $84,000,000 of income
ank one tenth of 19,019 men pay tax on
$54,000,000 of income, and one fourth ol the
whole number of income tax-payers pay tax on
$40,000,000 of income, whether our internal
revenue, our banking.and currency, and our
financial system generally are not producing
sores upon the body-politic ? Are not some
classes being favored to the injury of others;
is not capital being favored to the detriment
of labor ? I propose, therefore, at the proper
time to move to insert in the population sched-
ule a column showing the income of the masses
of the people from wages, salary, profession,
and trade. It is said that answers cannot be
obtained to these questions ; but there are at
least half-a-dozen other questions asked in the
schedules to which it will be as difficult to get
answers; and it is right to ask them and this
one, too. It was asked in the census schedule
of 1850, and in the census schedule of 1860;
and we ought to ask the same question in the
census schedule of 1870, for we want to have
some idea what classes are producing and what
is the aggregate income as well as the aggregate
wealth, in order to impose taxation more justly
than now.
No amendment being offered to the first
section, the Clerk read the second section, as
follows:
Sec. 2, And be it further enacted, That, the Super-
intendent of the Census shall bo appointed by tho
President, by and with the advice and eonsent oi
tho Senate,within ton days after tho passage of this
not, and his term of service shall continue for tho
torra of three years and no longer, and no shall re-
ceive an annual salary of S5.000. Beforo entering
upon tho duties of his offico lio shall take and sub-
scribe the following oath or affirmation beforo any
judge of tho circuit, or district court of tho United
States, to wit: " 1, , Superintendent of tho
Consus, do solemnly swear (or iillirm) that 1 will, to
tho best of my ability, cause to bo enumerated all
tho inhabitant of tho United States, and will cause
to bo collected all tho statistical information re-
uuircd by tho law providing for taking tho ninth
census, and that 1 will faithfully execute, or cause
to bo executed, alt the provisions of law relating
thereto;" a copy of which said oath, duly authonti-
oatcd, shall bo tiled with tho Secretary of tho Inte-
rior. As soon as practicable after tho passago of
this act, tho Superintendent of tho Census, under
tho direction of tho Sourotary of tho Interior, shall
provide blanks and distribute the samo among tho
district superintendents, to he hereinafter provided
for, and shall prepare and distribute printed in-
structions, defining and explaining the duties of said
district superintendents and of tho enumerators
hereinafter provided tor, and tho limits by which
Mich duties are rircuinseribed, in a clear and intel-
ligible manner, and shall see also that all duo dili-
gence is employed by tho district superintendents
and enumerators to make tho icturns of their re-
spective doiiifrs complete at the time hereinafter
prescribed; and shall, as tho returns aroso made,
enuso tho same to bo elassilied, condensed, and ar-
ranged in tho beet and most convenient manner for
exhibiting tho results of tho census.
Mr. DAVIS. I find it is provided that the Su-
perintendent of the Census shall be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and
eonsent of the Senate, "within ten days after
the passage of this act.'' Might there not a
difficulty arise as to the execution of this, sup-
posing the Senate, by adjourning, should not
happen to be in session at the time ?
Mr. GAItFIELD, of Ohio. Tho provision
is merely directory. Suppose the Senate should
be in recess, those things would not be done, so
far as tho Senate is concerned. The provision
that the appointment should be made within
ten days was simply inserted in order to insure
speedy action, and it does not seem to me that
it can give rise to any trouble.
Mo amendment being offered to section two,
the Clerk read section three, as follows :
he it further enacted. That the Secretary of tho
Interior shall appoint for tho Census Offico one chief
clerk, to bo paid at the same rate allowed by law to
tho chief clerk of the Patent Offioe, and such num-
ber of clerks of tho second, third, and fourth
class, and such number of watchmen, messengers,
and laborers, as the duties of the office shall from
time to time require, to be paid at the same rates as
now allowed for similar services in the Department
of the Interior: Provided, That at tho end of three
years from the date fixed by this act as the begin-
ning of tho term of service of the Superintendent of
the Census, the terms of all officers and employes
herein provided for shall expire.
Mr. MUNGEN. I move to amend the third
section as follows:
After the word " of." in lino nine, strike out the
wtad " three," and insert tho word " two."
My object in moving the amendment is-tljas:
no doubt it is the desire of the Souse to have
this whole matter completed at as early a date
as possible. I think one year should be suffi-
cient for preparing for publication every single
item to be obtained under the working of this
bill, and believing that I am in favor of limit-
ing the time still further than it is limited iu
the section. If the time should be stated at
five years these clerks will hold their places for
five years; if at ten years they will hold their
plaeesforten years. But what we want is to get
the results of the census as soon as possible. If
my amendment should be adopted, and if Con-
gress should find it impossible to have the work
closed up in two years, they might afterwards
extend the time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I trust that
amendment will not prevail. I fully concur
with my colleague [Mr. Mckgen] in the desire
that this work should be completed as rapidly
as possible ; but it will be remembered that if
this bill should pass before the holidays come
on the superintendent will be appointed by the
1st of January, and that it will be seven months
before the enumeration will be completed. Of
course the superintendent cannot until after
that begin the work of preparing and tabulating
the results; and the time here allowed is much
shorter than that in which the work has been
accomplished in the taking of any other census.
It would seem to me unwise to limit it further.
The question was then taken on Mr. Mot-
gen's amendment; and it waS disagreed to.
Mr. HOAR. This third section provides that
the clerks and other officers shall be appointed
for three years. I would inquire whether there
is any power of removal ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think the gen-
tleman is a little mistaken in saying their term
is three years. The proviso simply says that
at the end of three years their term shall expire.
I suppose the case will dome under the general
rule of our civil service, and that they can be
removed. I should certainly be very sorry if
common clerks could not be removed, and
particularly clerks in this bureau.
Mr. HOAR. I suppose a term that expires
at the end of three years lasts till that time.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to insert after the word
" ccnsus," inline eleven, thewords "and when-
ever their services shall cease to be required
so that the proviso to the section shall read:
Provided, That at the end of throe years from tho
dato fixed by this act as the beginning of the term
of servicc of tho Superintendent of the Census, and
whenovor their services shall eeaso to be required,
the terms ol'all officers and employes herein pro-
vided for shall expire.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is a very
good amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 4. Andbeit further enacted, Thatwithin thirty
days after tho appointment of tho Superintendent
of tho Census, the Secretary of the Interior shall
appoint, in each congressional district, and in each
of tho Territories of the -United States, and in tho
District of Columbia, one district superintendent of
tho census, whoso duty it shall be to cause all the
inhabitants to be enumerated, and to obtain, or cause
to bo obtained, the other statistical information
within his district, in tho manner provided for in
this act: Provided, That in any city which forms the
whole orapartof two or more congressional districts,
the Secretary of tho Interior may, if in his judgment
the efficiency of the service will thereby be promoted,
appoint one district superintendent for such city and
for tho whole territory of the congressional districts
of which such city forms a part, instead of one for
each congressional district: and a reasonable allow-
ance for clerk hire may be made to any district
superintendent, the amount whereof shall be determ-
ined by the Secretary of the Interior, whenever, in
his judgment, the necessities of the service shall
require it.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I move to amend
that section by inserting after the word' 'inhabit-
ants/' in line six, the words " except Indians
residing on reservations;" so that it will read:
One district superintendent of the census, whose
duty it shall be to eauso all tho inhabitants, except
Indians residing on reservations, to be enumer-
ated, &c.
If this amendment prevails it will be neces-
sary to make a similar amendment to several
