1354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
The bill wns read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. McDONALD, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred a bill (S. No. 50G) establishing certain
post roads, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. SCOT'I. The Cominitteeon Naval Af-
fairs to whom were referred several bills pro-
posing to restore to the naval service officers
who have been dismissed by sentence of court-
martial, have directed me to submit a special
report accompanied by a resolution. I desire
to have the resolution read, and the report
printed. The committee deem that this reso-
lution, which is for their action, ought to be
made public.
Mr. DRAKE. As that report is very short
and embodies an important decision by the
Naval Committee, I ask that it be read in full
bo that it will go into the columns of the Globe.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator will permit me
to say that the report is yet in rough draft, and
not copied so perhaps as to be legible to the
Secretary; and I prefer that he should defer
reading it until we get a correct copy, when I
shall move to have it read.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well.
Mr. SCOTT. Let the resolution be reported.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Rtaolved, That in the opinion of this committee
Congress ought not to entertain applications of offi-
cers for restoration to the naval service who have
been dismissed therefrom by the sentence of a court-
martial, unless such restoration be recommended by
the executive department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
ask the present consideration of this ?
Mr. SCOTT. No; it is not a resolution for
the action of the Senate. I waa directed by
the Committee on Naval Affairs to report this
resolution as adopted by the committee for its
own guidance, and thatitmight be made public.
I move that the report be printed with the reso-
lution.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
447) to incorporate the Missouri,^Kansas, and
Texas Railway Company, have directed me to
report it back and ask to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be re-re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road. This is simply a change of name from
the late Union Pacific Railway Company to
some other name, and the Committee on Com-
merce does not feel disposed to interfere with
the business of the Pacific Railroad Commit-
tee.
Mr. DRAKE. That bill has been before
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad and
reported back by them as not being, within
their province, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and now the Committee on
Commerce wish to send it back to us.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is precisely what
it does.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not a Pacific rail-
road at all. It is a railroad down to the Gulf
of Mexico.
Mr. DRAKE. It goes very far beyond a
mere matter of changing a name : it goes into
the consolidation of several small railroads
incorporated by States. It has no connection
with a railroad to the Pacific, whatever it might
have been called originally. It is a railroad
scheme independent of that to the Pacific
ocean ; and we therefore considered that it did
not belong to the Pacific Railroad Committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. The very bill under
which the original road was built was reported
from the Pacific Railroad Committee.
Mr. CQNKLI.NG. And entitled a Pacific
railroad,
Mr. CHANDLER. And entitled the Pacific
Railway Company; and if the bill does not
belong to the Pacific Railroad Committee I do
not know of any committee in this body to
which it does belong, and I do not know what
the duties of that committee are if it is not its
business to attend to this bill.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well. Mr. President,
if that does not belong to the Committee on
Commerce I do not know what the duties of
that committee are, nor does any member of
our committee know what they are. We took
this action advisedly, looked into the bill, and
saw that it did not belong to the Pacific Rail-
road Committee at all; but as other railroad
bills go to the Committee on Commerce I do
not see why we should not have this go to that
committee. 1 do not admire this thing in the
Senator from Michigan at all, that he is trying
to throw off public duties from his committee
that has so little to do, upon the Pacific Rail-
road Committee that has so much to do.
Mr. STEWART. I must doubt the thorough
examination of the Senator from Michigan of
this bill, or I think he would not have taken
this action. This road is a north and south
j road, not an east and west road.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator par-
: don me? Is not this intended to be a link in
! the chain of the Southern Pacific railroad?
i! Mr. STEWART, I understand not.
It Mr. DRAKE. Not at all.
[! Mr. STEWART. It runs from Kansas to
Camargo, down through Texas toward Mex-
ico. It is intended to go directly toward the
! city of Mexico. It has no connection with the
Pacific railroad, but merely crosses it. The bill
: grants no land and it grants 110 bonds, but it is
an act of incorporation, the exercise of very
analogous powers to those involved in the bill
for au air line railroad to New York city. It
; is entirely a similar proposition, based upon the
same character of powers; and inasmuch as
the Committee on Commerce had been exam-
ining that particular class of powers, and had
under consideration several bills for the incor-
poration of railroads by the United States, and
this is exactly one of that class, it ought to go
to that committee. The question is whether we
shall require the consolidation of various cor-
porations and confer upon them certain powers
to act together. That is the bill, and it amounts
to the incorporation of a company to build a rail-
road to run from Kansas through a part of
that State, through the Indian territory, and
through the State of Texas to Camargo. There
are several railroads that are to be combined
and brought together into one corporation, and
this is to clothe them with adequate powers to
proceed as one consolidated corporation. It
js,the exercise of precisely the same power
involved in the bill to charter a railroad from
here to New York. The Committee on the
Pacific Railroad thought as one committee had
that special subject in charge they ought to take
up the investigation.
Mr. POMEROY. What is the question?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That the Com-
mittee on Commerce be discharged from the
further consideration of this bill, and that it
be referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am inclined to
think the Senator from Michigan will be found
to be right when this bill is examined, that it
does not belong to the Committee on Com-
merce. It relates certainly very largely to the
disposition of the public lands, and it ought to
be subjected to the scrutiny of the Committee
on Public Lands, as it seems to me. I find on
the sixth page of the bill this language :
This company shall, upon acquiring possession of
the roadway of any other railroad or railway com-
pany which it is authorized as above to acquire, have
all the powers, rights, privileges, and equities which
are or were had by the last-named company, to ac-
quire. receive, hold, bargain, sell, and convey lands; j
and they shall also have power to purchase, acquire,
receive, hold, bargain, grant, sell, and convey all or i
any part of the lands or the appurtenances thereto ;
which havo been heretofore or shall hereafter be
granted or donated by the United States or by any
State or Territory, or by any Indian tribe or nation, j
or by any municipal authority, orby individuals, to 11
aid in the construction of railroads, and also all
right9, equities, or things whatsoever pertaining to
said lands; and also to have, hold,bargain, and pell
all claims,demands, or equities to said lands against
any and all persons or corporations whatsoever.
Evidently this refers to grants of land here-
tofore made to some of these corporations, mid
also lands in connection with the Indian tribes,
which it seems to me renders it eminently lit
that the bill at some stage should be examined
by the Committee on Public Lands, who are
supposed to understand more about that sub-
ject than any other committee. I hope that
this bill will take that direction and go to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine moves to amend the proposed
motion by referring the bill to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. I have seen several of
these bills that have been introduced, and
there is always apparently more anxiety to get
them to some other committee than the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. I have been quietly,
and complacently, in fact, looking upon this
effort; because 1 did not care and I do not
suppose the Committee on Public Lands care
to investigate bills of this nature, for they
involve something besides public lands. An-
other reason is that the Committee on Public
Lands have one system, and they will not de-
viate from it; and almost all these bills want
some new features put in, something that was
never put in before. It is the most unfortu-
nate place to send this bill to if we send it to
the Committee on Public Lands ; that is, it is
unfortunate for the parties who want it passed,
because the system we have inaugurated and
carried on from 1S56 to this time has been
adhered to by oar committee, and we are not
disposed to deviate from it. The parties who
want another kind of grant feel interested in
having it go to some other committee. That
is all there is about it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will ask the
Senator whether he understands that there is
anything asked for in this bill inconsistent with
the rules which have been adopted by that
committee ?
Mr. POMEROY. I have not examined it
in detail, but I understand there is,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hardly think
that is a reason why it should not be submitted
to that committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. This ought to go to the
Committee on the Judiciary. That is the com-
mittee to which we send everything that no
other committee wants. I think that had better
be the disposition of it.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall have some
action upon the question.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the bill lie on the
table.
Mr. STEWART. No; let us have it referred.
I suppose whatever committee it is referred to
after this discussion will be authorized by the
Senate to take jurisdiction and consider it; so
that it is quite immaterial to me where it goes,
but I think the proposition ought to be consid-
ered fairly by some committee.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we ought to have
uniformity. This reporting bills of one charac-
ter relating to public lands from one commit-
tee and then having it changed by another
committee produces confusion. Every one
of these bills ought to be made to conform to
some certain rule, and they ought to be regu-
lated exactly by some one committee, and not
by every committee.
_ Mr. CAMERON. I see that there is much
difficulty in finding any committee that is will-
ing and ready to receive this bill. I propose
that it be referred to the Committee ou Agri-
culture. That committee has not much busi-
ness on hand just now, and as the chairman
feels some interest in making a railroad from
Washington to the city of New York, on which
people may travel from here there in four or
five hours, I am sure he would be glad to
have this bill sent to him with the hope that it
