42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
other sections. The language of the bill now
provides that in each congressional district and
in each Territory all the " inhabitants'' shall
be enumerated. By another section of the bill
it is provided that each Indian agent, on the
request of the Secretary of the Interior, shall
make a census of the 1 ndians on his reserva-
tion. I suppose it is not the purpose of the
eommittee to have the Indians enumerated
both by the officers of the Census Bureau and
by the Indian agents. That would hardly be
necessary or proper. I submit, therefore, that
this amendment ought to be made. The num-
ber of all the different tribes of Indians can be
ascertained by the returns of the Indian agents
to the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I confess I do
not know enough about the status of these In-
dians to be able to say whether that amend-
ment ought to be adopted or not. I do not
know of any objection to the amendment, and
I will make none.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment of Mr. Smith, of Oregon; but be-
fore the result was announced,
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the commit-
tee now rise, so that we may have an oppor-
iunity to examine this question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope not, Mr.
Chairman; it is now only three o'clock, and
we can very well go on half an hour longer.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Therearesectionsinthis
bill of some considerable importance. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] him-
self says that he is not prepared to say whether
the amendment now pending ought to be
adopted or not. Now, if ho does not know
who does, he having given so much attention
to this subject? I think that I must insist on
my motion.
The question was then taken upon the motion
that the committee rise; and upon a divis-
ion—ayes 08, noes 48—it was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to order, had
had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly the special order, being House
bill No. 424, to provide for taking the ninth
census of the United States, and to fix the num-
ber of members of the House of Representa-
tives and to provide for their future apportion-
ment among the several Stales, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
adjournment over.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move that when the House adjourns to-day
it. be to meet on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. Under the Constitution
that would require the concurrence of the two
Houses.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that when the
House adjourns to-morrow it be to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. WOOD. I will accept that as an amend-
ment to my motion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I trust the gen-
tleman will not press that motion. If we do
not act upon this bill this week, so as to send
it to the Senate early next week, it will be in-
evitablypostponed till after the holidays, when
the old law, by its very terms, will again be-
come operative.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would suggest to
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
that there are a number of gentlemen here who
are ready to make speeches upon the Presi-
dent's message, and we can give several of
them an opportunity to do so this week.
Mr. WOOD. I will not insist upon the
motion if so much opposition is made to it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my motion.
representative from virginia.
Mr. HALE presented the credentials of
Richard S. Ayer, claiming a seat as a Repre-
sentative from the first congressional district
of Yirginia.
The SPEAKER. In accordance with the
resolution adopted by the House, these papers
will be referred without further action to the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to;
And the House (at three o'clock and five
minutes p. m.) adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BENJAMIN: The petition of Mrs.
Sarah Hewitt, praying for a pension.
Also, thepetition of Mrs. Catharine W. Mur-
ray, for a pension.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: A
petition for the abolition of the monopoly in
coal.
By Mr. JENCKES : The petition of Lang-
ley & Newman, for an appropriation to pay for
cutlery furnished by them to midshipmen.
By Mr. KNOTT: The petition of Mary
Whalen, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Margaret Caldwell, for
a pension.
By Mr. KELSEY: The petition and papers
of Pierpont Seymour, of EastBloomfield, New
York, praying for the passage of a law author-
izing the Commissioner of Patents to examine
his application for a renewal of his patent of
an improvement in seed-plantersorgrain-drills,
and to act on the same on the receipt of the
required fees the same as if the fee had been
paid in due time.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of Jarvis
Smith and others, of New York, for compen-
sation for loss of schooner Francis Elmore.
Also, the petition of J. Snowdon & Son, of
Brownsville, Pennsylvania, for compensation
for alteration made in iron-clads.
By Mr. LOGAN : A memorial of 129 officers
of the Army, asking for the passage of an act
exempting from the operations of the act of
March 1, 1869, officers confirmed by the Senate
to brevet appointments March 3, 1869.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of James
R. Johnson, of Blount county, Tennessee, a
soldier in the war of 1812, praying for a pen-
sion.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of Joseph
Mayo, of Richmond, Virginia, for relief of
disabilities.
By Mr. SAWYER: The memorial of W. R.
Smith and 03 others, citizens of Green Lake
county, Wisconsin, asking for the repeal of the
duty on foreign hides.
Also, the memorial of Lewis Sherman and
58 others, citizens of Manitowoc county, Wis-
consin, asking for the repeal of the duty on
foreign hides.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: A memorial from
the wholesale liquor dealers of Louisville,
Kentucky.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 9, 1869.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. FERRY. There is an error in the
Journal which I desire to have corrected. The
bill (S. No. 301) for the repeal of certain laws
therein named, introduced by me yesterday,
was referred to the Committee on Political
Disabilities and not to the Committee on the
Judiciary. The Journal has it'' the Committee
on the Judiciary."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal will
be corrected.
Mr. C ATTELL. There is also another error
in the Journal which I should like to have cor-
rected. The petition which I presented yes-
terday relating to bounties to the nine months'
men is marked on the Journal as referred to
the Committee on Pensions. My motion was
to refer it to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and I hope the Journal will be so corrected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair re-
members that the voice of the Senator was
indistinct, and he asked him to what committee
he proposed to refer the petition, and the Chair
understood, as the Clerk did, that it was the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CATTELL. Perhaps it was my own
fault. It should go to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
to blame as well as the Secretary for not hear-
ing the Senator distinctly. The correction will
be made.
territorial laws.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a letter
from the Secretary of the Territory of Utah,
transmitting a copy of the laws passed by the
Legislative Assembly of that Territory at the
eighteenth annual session, that of 1869; which
was referred to the Committee on Territories.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a letter
from the Governor of South Carolina, transmit-
ting a copy of resolutions adopted by the Gen-
eral Assembly 6f that State in favor of recog-
nizing the independence of Cuba; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented a petition of
James M. Hoyt and other citizens of the United
States, praying that Cuba be accorded belli-
gerentrightsand her independence recognized;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
He also presented a petition of Charles F.
Hale and others, citizens of Bridgeport, Con-
necticut, praying that Cuba be accorded belli-
gerent rights and her independence recognized;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. CRAGIN presented a petition of citizens
of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, praying that
Congress exercise more than ordinary caution
in the introduction of dangerous principles into
the maritime service; -which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of Her-
mann Tuerk, formerly second lieutenant com-
pany E, twelfth regiment Missouri rifles vol-
unteers, and now living in Lubeck, Germany,
praying for an increase of his pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Joseph
Fiedler, now an inmate of the National Mili-
tary Asylum, central branch, praying to be
allowed a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. NORTON presented the petition of Z.
E. Coombs, of Texas, praying the removal of his
political disabilities ; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. ABBOTT presented a petition of citi-
zens of New Hanover county, North Carolina,
for the establishment of a mail route from
Howe & Smith's store to Parker's store, in
that State; which was referred to the Cornlnit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CONKLING presented thepetition of
William H. Reab, of New York, praying pay for
the services of his father duringthe revolution-
ary war; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
He also presented the petition of Gideon I.
Goode, of the county of Jasper, in the State of
Texas, praying for the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented the petition of A.S. Belk,
of the county of Jasper, State of Texas, pray-
ing for the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Michigan, praying an extension of
