S242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
Mr. HARLAN. Ik will not, aa I underatand
the rules of tha Senate. It has now priority;
but when once postponed it will be no longer
the unfinished business. I wish to make ono
further observation: this appropriation bill is
for the current expenses of the fiscal year be-
ginning on the 1st of J uly next. All the money
needed to ran the Government up to the 1st
of July is provided for. There is, therefore,
no urgent necessity for passing that bill to-day
or to-morrow. If passed at any time between
this and the 1st of next July it will be in
ample time for all the wants of the Govern*
ment, for not one dollar of the money can be
used previous to that time. The deficiency
bills have already been passed. This, then, is
to provide money for running the Govern-
ment during the next fiscal year. It comes in
antagonism this morning with the unfinished
business, which is a bill to dispose of Indians
who are occupying nearly one fifth of the whole
territory of Kansas, in which organized coun-
ties exist, some three or four counties that are
now represented in the Legislature of that State.
These Indians, not civilized Christian Indians,
but savages, blanket Indians—Indians that live
by the chase and by war—are mixed up with
those white people. The President has been
compelled to send troops there for the purpose
of preserving the peace and preventing blood-
shed. Mow, 1 inquire again, as I did yester-
day evening, will the Senate pass this exigency
over and take the hazard of their want of action
in the premises?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
to postpone the present and all prior orders,
and the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 28; as'follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Bayard, Boreman, eas-
terly, Cole. Cockling. Crag
laud, Hamlin, Harris.
McCreery, Morrill of A .   .
Morton. Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer. Spencer,
Stewart.Stockton,Thayer, Viekers, and Warner—26.
SAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Carpenter, Chand-
ler, Corbett, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, 1 lanagan,
Fowl er, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Howe, Howell,
McDonald, Osborn, Poineroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
1-iee. Hoss. Sohuni. Scott, Sumner, Tipton, Tram-
bull. Wilson, and Yales—28.
ABSBNT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow,
Cameron. Cattell, Davis, Fenton, Gilbert, Howard,
Norton, Nye, Patterson. Kevels, Sherman, Sprague,
Thurinan. Willey, and Williams—18.
So the motion of Mr. Morrill, of Maine,
was not agreed to.
uarkh-hou8r company.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the Sen-
ator from Iowa to give way to enable me to
make a report from a committee of conference.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, submitted the
following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1084) relating to the
Washington Market Company having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend to their respective Houses, as
follows:
. Senate recede from the amendment num-
bered 11.
That the Honse recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered as follows:
1. 2.3. 4,6,8,9,10, and 12, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifth amendment, and agree to the same with an
amendment to insert in lieu of the words " National
Hotel" the words "Department of the Interior,"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: in section
three, lines twenty-three and twentj-four, strike
put tbe words "another of their number to be" and
insert "appoint a," and the Senate agree to tbe
And the eommittee of conference farther recom-
mend an amendment to the paragraph commencing
with tbe words " B wing," page 18, line two, by in-
serting after the words " market stalls" the words
not less than twenty feet high."
JUSTIN S. MORRILL.
H. HAMLIN,
JOHN P. 8T0CKT0N,
Manager! on the part of the Senate.
ADOLPHUS H. TANNER,
JOHN A. LOGAN,
Manager! on the part of the House.
Mr. CONKLING. The form of that report
apprises nobody of the result of the conference.
I ask tbe honorable Senator from Vermont to
let us know a little about what we are to vote
upon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will state
that essentially all the amendments of the Sen-
ate are agreed to. The eleventh amendment
was in relation to the $25,000 fund, which by the
Honse bill was to be entirely appropriated for
the support of paupers. This was amended by
the Senate, so that it might be in part appro-
priated for the establishment and maintenance
of schools. The House committee of confer-
ence refuse to agree to that, and the Senate
yield.
Then, in relation to the place where the sub-
scriptions are to be taken, the Senate had in-
serted, instead of the office of the company, the
National Hotel. That is by this report changed
to the Department of the Interior.
By the seventh amendment we have changed
the appointment of the treasurer, who, under
the bill, was to be a director of the company,
so that they may appoint any other person as
treasurer.
The last recommendation is merely in rela-
tion to the height of the stalls in the clear; that
they shall be not less than twenty feet in height.
Mr. CONKLING. What is to be the occu-
pation of the building, except for stalls ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is not
specified in the bill. It will be whatever the
corporators shall se$ fit.
The report was concurred in.
ENROLLED BILLS SIONED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker of the House had
signed the following enrolled bills; and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 486) to extend the time
for the completion of the military road from
Fort Wilkins, at Copper Harbor, in the State
of Michigan, to Fort Howard, at Green Bay,
in the State of Wisconsin ;
A bill (H. R. No. 858) for the relief of
Charles C. McCreary;
A bill (H. R. No. 983) to amend an act
entitled "An act to enforce mechanics' liens
on buildings in the District of Columbia
A bill (H. R. No. 1025$) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish in the District
of Columbia a honse of correction for boys,"
approved July 25,I860;
A bill (H. R. No. 1337) granting a pension
to Thomas Clair;
A bill (H. R. No. 1594) to amend an act
entitled "An act to incorporate the Freed-
tnen's Savings and Trust Company," approved
March 3, 18G5:
A bill (H. R. No. 1595) to amend an act
entitled "An act providing for the taking of
the seventh and subsequent censuses of the
United States? and to fix the number of the
members of the House of Representatives, and
to provide for their future apportionment among
the several States," approved May 23, 1850;
A bill (H. R. No. 17G6) in relation to the
Iowa river, in the State of Iowa;
A bill (H. R. No. 1892) making appropri-
ation to satisfy a judgment obtained against
Grenville M. Dodge, late an officer of the
United States, and others, for acts done by
them in the line of their duty;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 131) grant-
ing an American register to the British-built
schooner W. D. B.;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 208) for the
relief of Roswell M. Shurtleff, of New York ;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 222) granting
condemned gnns for soldiers' monuments at
Fairmount cemetery, Newark, New Jersey.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day ap-
proved and signed the following bills and joint
I resolutions:
| A bill (S. No. 93) legalizing certain locutions
j of agricultural college scrip therein designated :
! A bill (8. No. 488) to authorize the officers
of the Treasury Department to enter a credit
upon the account ot' Henry Etting, paymaster
in the Navy ;
A bill (S. No. 527) for the relief of William
]j F. Scott, late adjutant fourth Iowa cavalry
| volunteers;
A bill (S. No. 579) to create additional land
| districts in the Territory of Dakota, to be called
1 the Springfield and Pembina districts ;
A bill (8. No. G8J) to change the time for
holding the circuit and district courts of the
United States for the district of Wisconsin ;
A bill (S. No. 740) authorizing tlio First
National Bank of Delhi, New York, to change
its location;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 78) relative to
the establishment of a light-station on the
Choptank river, in Marylund ;
A joint resolution (S. li. No. 8-1) authoriz-
ing the President to strike from the rolls of the
Array the names of certain officers ;
1 A joint resolution (S. R. No. 128) authoriz-
ing the issue of clothing to certain enlisted
men of the fourteenth regiment of infantry ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 159) authoriz-
ing the Postmaster General to prescribe an
earlier time for the execution of contracts by
accepted bidders, and for other purposes ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 141) to pro-
vide for survey and estimates of cost of remov-
ing obstructions from Bayou Teche, in the
State of Louisiana; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 1G9) for the
transfer of an unexpended balance of appro-
priation to the book fund of the Library of
Congress.
MESSAGE fttOM THE UOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
i A bill (H. R. No. 1956) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue a register
; to tho schooner Cavallo Marino; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1899) for the relief of
Captain David Beatty's company of independ-
ent scouts.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 3G9) to establish
an additional land district in the State of Kan-
sas, with an amendment, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the amendments of the
Senate to the following bills :
A bill (H. R. No. 902) limiting the appoint-
ment of certain officers in the Treasury De-
partment ;
A bill (H. R. No. 40) to confirm the title
of William M. Garvey to a certain tract of
land; and
A bill (H. It. No. 891) for the relief of Charles
E. Dole.
Mr. HARLAN and Mr. MORTON submitted
amendments intended to be proposed to the
bill (H. R. No. 974) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
30th June, 1871 ; which were referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
; OSAGE INDIAN LANDS.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
■ Whole, the consideration of the bill (S. No.
529) to provide for the sale of the Great and
Little Osage Indian reservation, in the State of
Kansas, and for tha settlement of said Indians
in the Indian territory, the pending question
being on the amendment proposed yesterday
I by Mr. Ross.
| Mr. ROSS. Mr. President, it is now two
I years that this proposition has been pending
I before the Senate. During that time a degren
