4186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
some of the western and southern States are
justly entitled to and need for the successful
prosecution of their business enterprises, their
just proportion of bank currency and banking
facilities, I am still assured that those States
now holding in excess of their due share have
none too much for profitable employment.
Indeed, many localities in those States are
largely deficient in banking capital and accom-
modations, and are constantly asking and urg-
ing for more. So much do they need the estab-
lishment of banks and the business facilities
that accompany them that in no part of the
country can more earnest advocates for free
banking be found than in many of the eastern
and middle States.
In view of this condition of things and the
injurious disturbance to trade incident to a
forced withdrawal of any portion of the cur-
rency, as well as the difficulty, if not impossi-
bility, in the absence of any effective redemp-
tion system of the banks upon which withdrawal
shall be made binding, obtaining their circu-
lation for the purpose of surrender, I have
been unable to favor the redistribution pro-
visions of the bill. If, however, it shall be
thought wise and necessary to now enforce a
redistribution, the proposed mode of its accom-
plishment is perhaps as unobjectionable as any
that might be offered.
The national banking system, with its exist-
ing limitation of notes for circulation, is en-
tirely and confessedly inadequate to meet and
supply the business requirements of the whole
country. If the system is to be enlarged, and
increased facilities extended, then there can
certainly be no occasion or necessity of with-
drawing circulation from any of the banks
merely for the purpose of redistributing it.
If, on the contrary, the system is adjudged
unsound or undesirable, and its enlargement
unsafe and unwise, then it should be abolished
and a new and better system established. And
there should be no more halting or hesitating
about deciding the question.
The country needs and sooner or later must
have a uniform currency, and it must be either
a Government or a national bank currency. It
is a question of vast importance, and Congress
should squarely meet and determine it. To
defer its decision is a reproach and an injury
to the Government, and a detriment and great
wrong to all the business interests and pursuits
of the country. The loss to the Government
through its depreciated credit, owing to the
want of a stable and sound currency and a fixed
and wise financial policy, has been immense,
while the aggregated loss to the people from
the frequent and oftentimes violent fluctuations
of the paper standard money, and the conse-
quent depreciation of all forms of securities,
the shrinkage in values of merchandise and
property, the stagnation in trade, the depres-
sion in manufacturing pursuits, the non-em-
ployment of labor, the non-use of capital, and
the general distrust and discouragement which
have prevailed in all the channels of trade and
commerce, has been incalculable.
But, sir, buoyancy, determination, courage,
are the dominant traits of the American char-
acter. The people nobly and intelligently
encountered and endured the sufferings and
the sacrifices of the war, and they have since
patiently but heavily borne the losses and hard-
ships of a depreciated currcncy and enormous
taxation. They have fully recognized and ap-
preciated the difficulties and embarrassments
of settling the costs of the war, and the im-
portance to the public credit of evincing the
willingness as well as the ability of the nation
to pay the Government debt. Now that all
has been done which can be accomplished in
that direction, they require and demand that
the burden shall be relieved, that taxation
shall be reduced; that the currency, which is
the measure and medium of all the transac-
tions of all the people, shall be made good
and stable, and sufficient in amount for all the
requirements of business.
Full and certain provision should be made
for all the necessary expenses of the Govern-
ment and for all its obligations for interest upon
its indebtedness. But taxes should not be
levied for any further material reduction of
the public debt until the people have had time
to repair their wastes, to cover their losses,
and to enlarge their resources. The people
are the Government; and as they thrive and
increase in material wealth and prosperity, so
only will the Government get strength and
solid, enduring credit. The rapid growth of
the country in wealth and population will soon
render the burden of the public debt light and
inconsiderable, and will assure the public credit
beyond a peradventure. It is certainly a matter
for great congratulation that the House have
just (on yesterday) passed a measure securing
a large reduction of internal taxation and great
relief from the reduction of duties upon tea,
sugar, and coffee, as well as upon iron and
many other articles that enter largely into the
use and consumption of the people. Let Con-
gress now mature a measure to restore the
currency of the country to uniformity and to a
standard and measure of real value, and to
enlarge and distribute the advantages and bene-
fits of a sound banking system, and the coun-
try will spring to a marvelous and unexampled
career of prosperity and greatness.
Mr. Coburn, Mr. Poland, Mr. Armstrong,
Mr. Mayiiam, and Mr. Hotchkiss severally
sent to the Clerk's desk amendments which
they propose to offer, and which were ordered
to be printed.
MESSAGE 1'ROII 1'IIU SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gomiam,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the joint resolution (S. R. No. 77)
authorising a distribution of the copies remain-
ing in the Department of State of the Tributes
of the Nations to Abraham Lincoln.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles, in
which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 85) to carry into effect the
two several decrees of the district court of the
United States for tho district of Louisiana in
the cases of the British vessels Volant and
Science;
An act (S. No. 8(j) to carry into effect the
decree of the district court of the U nited States
for the district of Louisiana in the case of the
British schooner Flying Scud and her cargo ;
An act (S. No. 87) to carry into effect the
decree of the district court of the United States
for the district of Louisiana in the case of the
British brig Dashing Wave and her cargo; and
An act (S. No. 88) to carry into effect the
decree of the district court of the United States
for the southern district of New York in the
case of the English schooner Sibyl and her
cargo.
printing op funding bill.
Mr. LAFLIN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Printing the
following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of this
House two thousand extra copies of the bill reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means to authorize
the refunding and consolidation of the national debt,
and for other purposes.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
increase 03? banking facilities.
Mr. MORGAN obtained the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
as the hour of half past four o'clock, which has
been fixed as the time for taking the recess,
will arrive before my colleague [Mr. Morgan]
can conclude his remarks, I ask unanimous
consent that the session of this afternoon be
extended until the expiration of the hour to
which my colleague is entitled.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, in looking
over this House to-day and seeing the number
of vacant seats, from the time that the discussion
began upou tbis important subject to the pres-
ent moment, the conclusion has been forced
upon my mind thatjn the judgment of this
House the bill reported by my colleague, [Mr.
Garfield,] the learned chairman of the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, is dead-born.
Did I not know the sincerity of my honorable
friend, the chairman of the committee, I should
have supposed that the billhad been ingeniously
framed so as necessarily to secure its defeat;
for had that been the study of the honorable
gentleman he could not better have attained
the desired end.
The united opposition of the eastern States
has been secured by taking away from their
monopolists millions on millions of circulation
to which they are not entitled ; and the almost
united opposition of the West and South are
insured by contracting the currency to the
extent of $9,000,000, although the committee
was instructed by a resolution of this House
to report a bill expanding the currency
$50,000,000. I do not intend to devote many
words to the consideration of this bill, from
the fact thatl believe it tobepracticallydead,
and that there will be but few mourners at
its tomb, notwithstanding the learned and in-
genious argument of my colleague [Mr. Gar-
field] to which I listened with great interest.
Before proceeding, however, to consider the
question under debate, I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to the condition of the cur-
rency of the country at this time, and its dis-
tribution among the States. The six New
England States, with a population about equal
to that of Pennsylvania, have $>104,509,889
of currency, while Pennsylvania has only
$38,000,000, but pays a larger internal rev-
enue tax than all New England together. The
twelve western States, West Virginia, Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa,
Minnesota, Kansas, Missouri, Kentucky, and
Tennessee, have only $60,663,967. Thus the
New England States have an excess of bank
circulation over those States of nearly forty- four
million dollars. The eleven States of Louisi-
ana, Mississippi, Florida, Georgia, North Car-
olina, South Carolina, Alabama, Texas, Vir-
ginia, and Massachusetts have Sf>G3,011,264, of
which amount Massachusetts has over fifty-
seven million dollars. Having thus partially
referred to the distribution of the currency by
sections, I now invir  attention to its distribu-
tion by States :
Massachusetts..
Ohio 
Connecticut 
Illinois  
Rhode Island 
Missouri 
Indiana 
Louisiana 
Alabama  
Mississippi..... 
Georgia 
States. ;
l— O O -TVJ
IvO l Cl Cj- I
wb "<c ' oki"-rc.V
wowccfiococvo-rici
CwO --UICOO>^OWW
Population as es-
timated by Dol-
inar for 186S.
(-U |-l"vl
k-1 h-- _[ O J
to otoo b"i-J"-f-b>e>."rub
CouitN^i-'CiOCCni.c.o*-..
U-
1—i CO O C« cn O to O CO *■ o
/.H-vAMIOC-TMiXW
Bank circulation
given to each
State.
if*
OObOOOOOOOOO
Proportion of
bank currcncy
for each person.
.J-1 i"° CO to S o
Q ►-  rfxV o co bio
o i£> y, oc a co oo co oo co
0^_>i VO ! N_ to
-'©Niwnc O—J - -O .J:
Internal taxes
paid by each
ir>Uto.
      
S
R OV
-so©
&
ft
8 §
