2298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
fifteenth article of amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States, I ask my friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] to suspend
his remarks, in order that I may move, that
the committee now rise> so that the House
may proceed to consider the message of the
President of the United States just received.
Mr. MATNABD. I >vill yield for that pur-
pose with much pleasure.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the committee now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose 5 and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (EL R. No.
1066) to amend existing laws relating to the
duty on imports, and for other purposes, and
had couie to no resolution thereon.
RATIFICATION OF FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President :
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
It is unusual to notify tho two Houses of Congress
by message of tho promulgation, by proclamation of
the Secretary of State, of tho ratification of a con-
stitutional amendment. In view, however, of the
vast importance of the fiftoenth amendment to the
Constitution, thisday declared a part of that revered
instrument, I deem a departure lrom tho usual cus-
tom justifiable. A measure which makes at oncefour
million people voters who were heretofore declared
by tho highest tribunal in tho land not citizens of
the United States nor eligible to become so, (with
tho assertion that " at the time of tho Declaration of
Independence the opinion was fixed anduniversal in
the civilized portion of tho white raco—regorded as
an axiom in morals as well as in politics—that black
men had no rights which tho white man was bound
to respect,") is, indeed, a measure of grander import-
ance than any other ono act of the kind from tho
foundation of our treo Government to the present
day.
institutions like ours, in which all power is derived
directly from tho people, must depend mainly upon
their intelligence, patriotism, and industry. I call
the attention, therefore, of the newly enfranchised
race to tho importance of their striving in every
honorable manner to make themselves worthy of
thoir new privilege. To the race more favored here-
tofore by our laws I would say, withhold no legal
privilege of advancement to the new citiien. Tho
framers of our Constitution firmly bolieved that a
republican Government could not endure without
intelligence and education generally diffused among
1ho people. Tho " Father of his Country," in his
Farewell Address, uses this language: "Promote,
then, as a matter of primary importance/institutions
for the general diffusion of knowledge. In propor-
tion as the structuro of tho Government gives force
to public opinion it is essential that public opinion
should be enlightened,In his first annual messago
to Congress the same views are forcibly prosontcd,
and are again urged in his eighth messago,
I repeat that the adoption of tho fifteenth amend-
ment to tho Constitution completestbogreatestcivil
change and constitutes tho most important event
that has occurred since tho nation came into life.
The chango will bo bcneflcial in proportion to tho
hood that is given to tho urgent recommendations
of Washington. If these recommendations wero
important then, with a population of but a few mil-
lions, how much more important now with apopula-
tion of forty millions, and increasing in a rapid ratio!
I would thereforo call upon Congress to take all the
means within their constitutional powers to promote
and encourago popular education throughout the
country, and upon the people everywhere, to see to
it that all who possess and exercise political rights
shall havo the opportunity to acquire the knowledge
which will make their share in the Government a
blessing and not a danger. By such means only can
tho benefits contemplated by this amendment to the
Constitution be secured.
V. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion,
March 30, 1870.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
proclamation of the Secretary of State.
The Clerk read as follows :
Hamilton Fish,
Secretary of State of the United States.
To all to whom these present/} come, greeting :
Know ye. that the Congress of the United States
on or about the 27th day of February, in the year
1869, passed a resolution m the words and figures
following, to wit:
" A resolution proposing an amendment to tho Con-
stitution of tho United States.
" Resolved by the Senate and Ilouse of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,)That the fol-
lowing article be proposed to the Legislatures of the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the XJnited States, which, when ratified by three
fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid as part of
the Constitution, namely:
"Article XV.
"Section 1. Tho right of citizons of tho United
States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the
United States or by any State on account of raco,
color, or previous condition.of servitude.
"Sec. 2. Tho Congress shall havo power to enforce
this article by appropriate legislation."
And further, that it appears from official documents
on file in this Department that the amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, proposed as afore-
said. has been ratified by tho Legislatures of tho
States ot North Carolina, west Virginia, Massachu-
setts, Wisconsin, Maine, Louisiana, Michigan, South
Carolina, Pennsylvania, Arkansas, Connecticut,
Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Now York. Now Hamp-
shire, Nevada, Vermont, Virginia, Alabama, Mis-
souri, Mississippi, Ohio, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota,
Rhode Island, Nebraska, and Texas, in all, twenty-
nine States;
And furthor, that tho States whose Legislatures
havo so ratified tho said proposed amendment con-
stitute threo fourths of tho whole number of States
in tho United States ;
And furthor, that it appears from an official docu-
ment onfilo in this Department that tho Legislature
of the State of New York hassinco passod resolutions
claiming to withdraw the said ratification of tho said
amendment which had been made by the Legislature
of that State, and of which official notice had boen
filed in this Departuiont:
And further, that it appears from an oflicial docu-
ment onfilo in this Department that the Legislature
of Georgia has by resolution ratified tho said pro-
posed amendment:
Now, therefore, bo it known that I, Hamilton Fish,
Secretary cf State of the United States, by virtue and
iu pursuance of tho second section of the act of Con-
gress approved tho 20lh day of April, in the year
1818, entitled "An act to provide for the publication
of the laws of the United States, and for other pur-
poses," do hereby certify that the amendment atoro-
said has beooino valid to all intents and purposes us
part of the Constitution of the United States.
In testimony whereof I havo hereunto set, my hand
and caused the seal of tho Department of State to be
affixed.
Done at the city of "Washington this ."01 h dav of
March in the year of our Lord 1870, and of
[l. s.l tbo independence of the United State* tho
ninety-fourth.
• HAMILTON FISH.
The reading of the message and proclama-
tion was followed by applause on the floor and
in the galleries.
Mr. PETERS. I move that this message
and the aecompanyingproclamation be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WOOD. J believe that motion is debat-
able.
The SPEAKER. It is if the gentleman from
.Maine [Mr. Peters] does-not call tho previous
question.
Mr. WOOD. lie has not done so.
The SPEAKER. He however occupies the
floor.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to suggest that so much
of the message as refers to popular education
be referred to the Committee on Education and
Labor.
Mr. PETERS. I have no objection to that.
Mr. WOOD. I desire that there shall be a
special reference of that portion of tho procla-
mation of the Secretary of State which refers
to the State of New York. That State h as not
ratified the fifteenth amendment.
Mr.PBTBKS. Wethinkshchas. [Laughter.]
Mr. WOOD. I want a special reference of
that question, that it may be considered by an
appropriate committee.
Mr. NIBLACK. I wish to make a very
brief statement before the vote is taken 011 the
reference of this message. I make it appre-
ciating fully the responsibility of my position
here. The claim that Indiana has ratified the
fifteenth amendment is wholly unfounded.
The journals of the Indiana Legislature show
that a constitutional quorum was not present
when the farce of a pretended ratification was
gone through with. The want of a quorum on
that occasion is notorious in Indiana and con-
ceded by every fair-minded citizen of the Slate,
The pretense, therefore, that Indiana has rati-
fied this amendment is a fraud on the people
of that State as well as upon the Government of
the United States. I am told that the Governor
of Indiana declined to certify to this pretended
ratification, and that the certificate was made,
contrary to the usual custom in such cases, hv
some subordinate officer. If this be true, it
shows that our Governor was too honest to bo
used for so ignoble a purpose, and that it was
left to some less scrupulous person to do t'ne
deed. What State officer is responsible for this
certificate, or a fabrication of the alleged facts
on which it ispredioated, I am not advised; but
whoever is so responsible has caused to be cer-
tified-that which every person in Indiana except
himselfknows to be untrue* The Secretary of
State of the United States has, under the forms
of law, been imposed upon, therefore, when lie
includes Indiana in the list of States which have
ratified this fifteenth amendment. What I have
stated could be amply proven if an investigation
oould be had. To insist upon such an investi-
gation would, however, bo utterly useless now.
Mr. PETERS. The committee can examine
into that.
Mr. WOOD. I hope the gentleman will
permit me 
Mr. PETERS. I can yield no further. I
demand the previous question.
Mr. WOOD. 1 hope the previous question
will not be seconded.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
79, noes 10; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered tell-
ers, and appointed Mr. Wood and Mr. Peters.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 80, noes t ; 110 quorum voting.
Mr. WOOD. I move that there be a call of
the Ilouse.
Mr. TNGEIISOLL. J move that this subject
go over tiLl to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. There is nothing in order
cxcept the motion that there be a call of the
House or a motion to adjourn.
Mr. 3NGERSOLL. I move that the House
adjourn. We can attend to this matter to-
morrow just as well as now.
The Ilouse refused to adjourn.
Mr. WOOD. I move that there be a call of
the Uouse.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Maine to withdraw his motion of reference, as
tho good accomplished by that proclamation
will not be affectcd one way or the other.
Mr. PETERS. On further consideration of
the matter I will accept the suggestion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts and withdraw
my motion.
The SPEAKER. The message will take its
placo on the Speaker's table.
unrolled bill.
Mr. BbJATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill (H. R. No, 1098)
to facilitate the administration of justice in the
State of Texas; when the Speaker signed the,
same.
tautl'i? bill
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 move thai
the rules be suspended and the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and particularly on the
special order, so that the gentleman from
Tennessee may be permitted to finish his
speech.
The motion was agreed to.
The House resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wheeler in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 1068) to amend existing laws re
lating to the duty on imports, and for other
purposes.
Tho CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
-Lennessee [Mr. Mayxaiid] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. MAYNARD then resumed the floor
and concluded his speech, which will be found
in the Appendix.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, obtained the
floor.
. Mr. ALLISON. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
