1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1355
will bring all the other bills of that kind to that
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine withdraw his amendment ?
The Senator from Pennsylvania proposes an
amendment, to refer the bill to the Committee
011 Agriculture.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not with-
draw mv motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The questionis on
the amendment of the Senator from Maine, to
strike out " the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road" and insert " the Committee oil Public
Lands."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
rectus on the motion, as amended, to discharge
the Committee on Commerce, and refer the
bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
CLOTHING TO SOUHEKS.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 128) authorizing the issue of
clothing to certain enlisted men of the four-
teenth regiment of infantry, have instructed me
to report it back without amendment. There
is but a line or two of it; it is recommended by
the War Department, and I hope it will be
passed now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It is an authority
to the Secretary of War to issue clothing in lieu
of and equal in value to that lost by those
enlisted men of the fourteenth regiment of
infantry whose quarters in Ash barracks, Nash-
ville, Tennessee, were destroyed by fire on the
night of the 4th of December, 1869.
lie joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (II. R. No. T78) to redefine a portion
of the boundary line between the State of
Nebraska and the Territory of Dakota ;
A bill (H. R. No. 8C6) to confirm the appor-
tionment and amend certain laws of the Ter-
ritory of Arizona; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1258) to regulate the sala-
ries of chief justices and associate justices in
the Territories.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. 11. No. 132) for the relief of
John Graham; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTON. I have been requested to
present a bill which I ask leave to introduce
and to have referred to the Committee on
Finance.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 551) declaratory of an j
act entitled "An act to provide increased rev-
enue from imports to pay interest on the pub-
lic debt, and for other purposes," approved {
August 5, 1861; which was read twice by its i
title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered be printed. ;
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
-•'St for the improvement of the bar at the
mouth of Cape Fear river, in North Carolina;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie upon the table, and be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
-J<>. -354) to regulate credits to prisoners for
£oid behavior; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 55-5) for the relief of
Pitcher & Hayford, and Otis & Ferguson, of
Maine; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOREMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 556) providing for the application of the
proceeds of the sale of the property directed
to be made by an act approved December 15,
1868, entitled "An act providing for the sale
of the lands, tenements, and water privileges
belonging to the United States at and near
Harper's Ferry, in the county of Jefferson,
West Virginiawhich was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
557) to amend the several acts in relation to
naturalization; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate for a minute or two to make a remark
about that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the request of the Senator from Mis-
souri ? The Chair hears none.
Mr. DRAKE. Various propositions have
been made in both Houses of Congress for the
amendment of the laws on the subject of nat-
uralization. I have examined that subject
and have come to the conclusion that no change
ought to be made in the fundamental princi-
ples of the system now established by law in
relation to naturalization, but that the admin-
istration of the laws should be changed, so as
to provide effectual safeguards against the
glaring and enormous frauds which have been
perpetrated under the existing laws ; and that
these safeguards should be provided without
impeding access to naturalization by well-dis-
posed people.
This is the purpose of this bill, whicli in its
frame-work and in the mode of administration
provided differs, I believe, from any bill that
lias been introduced into either House. I desire
to call the attention of the Judiciary Committee
to the fact that it embodies the views I have
now expressed, to wit, the prevention of fraud
in the administration of the naturalization laws
without at the same time impeding access to
naturalization by persons who desire it for
praiseworthy purposes ; and I hope that the
bill will receive the consideration from that
committee due to a bill having such objects in
i view. I move that it be referred to the Com-
1 mittce on the Judiciary, and printed.
j The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 558) to incorporate the National Bolivian
Navigation Company ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed. ;
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res- !
olution (S. R. No. 1-33) concerning the pay of
customs officers in North Carolina ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. II. No. 134) to regulate the effect of
a vote of thanks of Congress for promotions in
the Navy ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
DEBATE ON TIIE MISSISSIPPI BII,L.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer the following
order:
Ordered, That the vote bo taken on the_ pending
bill for tho admission of the State 6f Mississippi at
three o'clock this day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to this order of the Senator from Ohio?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to having any
such order entered in this body. It will be
nothing but the adoption of the previous
question.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I give notice that if
the vote shall not be taken to-day I shall feel
it my duty to antagonize^ other public meas-
ures with the Mississippi bill. This bill has
taken two weeks, and now we are debating
over and over again propositions which have
been settled heretofore. If it must stand here
in the way of all other business, the rest of us
who are charged with public business must
antagonize other measures with it; and that
will cause a consumption of time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is for the Senate to
determine when they will come to a vote, and
I trust we shall get to a vote on the Mississippi
bill before three o'clock. What I object to is
that we should adopt a rule here in the Senate
that shall cut off debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been done by gen-
eral consent in other cases.
-Mr. TRUMBULL. Notby anorderentered
in that form. I shall be glad to have a vote,
but I do not want to set the precedent of the
Senate acting in this way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Ohio to modify
his proposition, and simply to ask that the vote
shall be taken on the Mississippi bill and the
pending amendments at three o'clock, if it shall
not be reached earlier.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before any understand-
ing is arrived at I desire to say that having
charge of the bill I have abstained from answer-
ing the objections which have been made to tho
bill as it was reported, and have taken up no
time of the Senate except, perhaps, five or ten
minutes when it was first brought to the notice
of the body, in stating the condition of Missis-
sippi and her compliance with the act of Con-
gress ; but I desire to occupy perhaps twenty
or thirty minutes in concluding the debate upon
the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly that will be
yielded to the honorable Senator from Illinois
at any time when he shall take the floor ; but
in the mean time I think we ought to have a
general understanding to get through with the
Mississippi bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall promise not to
occupy exceeding thirty minutes, and perhaps
not more than twenty minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let this understanding
be had, subject to the right of the Senator to
conclude the debate.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec
tion to that understanding?
Mr. SUMNER. It is establishing a new
rule in the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to any
arrangement for taking the vote on the pend-
ing bill, and upon every amendment to it on
which the Senate may be called to vote; but
upon measures that are to follow it I intend
to express my views.
Mr. HAMLIN. Other Senators have ex-
pressed their opinions upon this matter, and
I want to express mine. I hail the motion or
the order proposed by the Senator from Ohio
as a gleam of light. I wish we had the powei
to fix the time now for taking the vote. I will
vote for the previous question in this body a!
any moment, limited in a proper way ; and I
think the country will demand it of us after
they have seen the procrastinated debates thai
have been held on so many questions. I am
for bringing this matter to a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there object inn
to the proposition of the Senator from Ohio,
with the reservation that the Senator from Illi-
nois shall take about thirty minutes for closing
the debate?
Mr. SUMNER-. That is establishing a new
rule in the Senate, aud I do not think it ex-
pedient.
