1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
the grant of lands to aid in the construction
of a military road from Fort Wilkins, Copper
Harbor,Michigan, to FortHoward, Green Bay,
Wisconsin ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. "WILLIAMS presented the petition of
John Cummins, praying indemnification for
expenses incurred while collector of the district
of Idaho; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Virginia, praying that that State may
be admitted to representation in Congress;
which was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT,
Mr. .ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a resolution for printing the agricultural report,
to report back the same and recommend that
the Senate concur in the amendment of the
House. This resolution substantially received
the assent of both Houses of Congress at the
last session, but did not finally pass in conse-
quence of the failure of the Senate to act on
the amendment of the House increasing the
number of copies given to the Commissioner
by two thousand. The Committee on Printing
did not feel authorized to recommend any differ-
ent action upon a matter which had alraady
received the approbation of both Houses ol'
Congress and which failed only for want of
time; but for myself I report it with very great
reluctance.
Mr. SUMNER. What is it?
Mr. ANTHONY. A resolution for the
printing of the report of the Commissioner of
Agriculture. Here is a resolution to print
two hundred and twenty-five thousand copies
of a book for gratuitous distribution ; twenty-
five thousand for the Commissioner, twenty
thousand for the Senate, and one hundred and
eighty thousand for the House. 11 is no more
than the customary number, but it seems to
mo that in the present condition of the Treas
ury it is an unwise use of the public money,
and for the future I iiopewc shall confine our-
selves to a much smaller number.
Mr. SUMNEll. May 1 ask why does not
the Senator report an amendment, then, or a
substitute cutting it down one half?
Mr. ANTHONY. Because this resolution
has already passed both Houses of Congress
and failed to be finally acted upon only on
account of a disagreement on a slight amend-
ment at the last session, and the committee
did not feel authorized to recommend any
alteration in a matter which had already re-
ceived the assent of both Houses. This reso-
lution refers not to the present year's report,
but to last year's report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has not that been
already published?
Mr. ANTHONY. It has been already set
up, hut not published.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that the
number for the House lias been already fur-
nished.
Mr. ANTHONY. No ; there may have been
some printed. There was no doubt in the mind
of the Public Printer that the usual number
would be ordered. Each House had ordered
the usual number, but the two Houses had
failed to concur in the same resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. The point I should like to
have the judgment of the Senator upon is
whether he considers that at this stage it in
too late for us to make any modification.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it is in this reso-
lution ; but I think it is quite time that wo
should determine to make a very serious modi-
fication in subsequent orders for similar print-
ing. I may state here that I shall in a few
days, perhaps to-morrow or Monday, call the
attention of the Senate to the subject of re-
form in the Public Printing. There has been
very great economy introduced there, and 1
think we ought to follow it up by entirely
stopping the publication of works for gratui-
tous distribution. I do not believe that that
is one of the objects of the Government.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that the Senator from Rhode Island
reports from the joint Committee on Printing
a concurrent resolution of the House. Unless
unanimous consent be given for its present
consideration it will lie over for one day.
Mr. POMEROY. I should be glad to_ con-
cur with the Senator from Rhode Island in his
efforts to reform, if need be, our customary
expenses for the public printing; but he takes
this occasion to say that the report of'heCom-
missioner of the Agricultural Department is
peculiarly extravagant on account of the great
numbers that year by year have been printed
and distributed. The Senator ought to bear
in mind that this is the only expense of this
character for tliat Department. The farmers
and the agriculturists all over the country con-
tribute not only a share, but the great share, of
the productive wealth of the country. We do,
to be sure, publish an agricultural report in
that interest. Whereas we are publishing at
an expense of many hundreds of thousands of
dollars publications for tho benefit of other
interests of tlic country, we now in a small,
reluctant, hesitating manner say we have con-
cluded finally to publish this report of the Com-
missioner of Agriculture. In my opinion agri-
culture is an interest demanding alacrity in its
support by the Government, and efforts in this
direction should be made which have not been
made in any year past. It is not an interest
in this country that wc can afford to ignore or
treat with contempt or indifference.
The VICIS PRESIDENT. Upon examining
tho papers tho Chair finds that this proceeding
is the action of tho Senate upon an amendment
of tho House of Representatives to a concur-
rent resolution which had previously been
agreed upon by the Senate; and tho Chair is
informed that by the usage of the Senate ithas
beim the custom, unless action be postponed,
to act at once upon amendments in that stage
when reported by o. committee. Therefore, if
there bono objection, tho question will be taken
on tho amendment of tho House, which is sim-
ply in regard to the number which shall be given
to the Commissioner of Agriculture. Tho Sec-
retary will report the proposed amendment.
This Ctmitf Ci.krk. Tho resolution, as passed
by the Senate, is as follows:
Itcsolonl hy the S'cnate, (tho ITouso of Representa-
tives concurring,) That (.hero bo printed twenty
thousand extra copies of tho annual report of tho
Commissioner of Aitrieulturo for tho uso of the Son-
ate, ono hundred and eighty thousand copies of tho
mimo for tho uso of tho House, ami twenty-threo
thousand copies of tho samo for distribution by tho
Commissioner of Agriculture.
The House passed the resolution with the
following amendment: strike out in lino seven
the word "three" and insert "five so as to
read "twenty-five thousand copies of tho same
for distribution by tho Commissioner of Agri-
culture."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon agreeing to tho amendment of the House
of Representatives as reported by the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
PATENT OFFICII REPORT.
Mr. ANTIIONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred a concurrent resolution of
the House for printing the mechanical report—
the Patent Office report—have instrusted me to
report it back without amendment, and recom-
mend its passage.
Mr. POMEROY. Why not cut down the
number of that ?
Mr. ANTHONY. We have out down the
number of the mechanical report about fifty or
sixty per cent., and we have increased in the
same time the agricultural report, I think, about
as much; and the mechanical report is paid
for by the inventors; a part of the cost of taking
out a patent is for printing this very book,
which the inventors desire to have and which
they pay for.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the resolution.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
In the House of Repbesextatives,
April 9, 1869.
Resolved by the Home of Representatives, (the Sen-
ato concurring,) That there Bo printed thirty thou-
sand extra copies of the next report of the Commis-
sioner of Patents, of which seventeen thousand shall
be for the use of the House, oight thousand for the
use of the Senate, and five thousand for ,tb,e use of
the Commissioner of Patents.
The Senate proceeded to consider the reso-
lution.
Mr. POMEROY. I agree with what the
Senator from Rhode Island has said in regard
to the printing of the mechanical report; but
he must bear in mind that that is a more ex-
pensive book as a book than the report of the
Commissioner of Agriculture. There are the
drawings, there are the maps, there are the
most expensive plates got up, and new ones
each year, in the mechanical report. It is not
an ordinary book containing information, but
it is a book of drawings ; it is a book that has
no ordinary expenses about it, but all extraor-
dinary. That is why the inventors pay a part
of the expense; but as a book it costs more
now than tho other.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg the Senator's par-
don. It does not cost the Government any-
thing; the inventors pay the whole cost of
printing. I think it is eight dollars for each
invention.
Mr. POMEROY. That does not pay the
whole cost.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is very near it.
The resolution was concurred in.
LAND OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
same committee to report back the concurrent
resolution of the House of Representatives
providing for the publication of the report of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
without amendment, and to recommend its
passage. I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following concurrent resolution
of the House of Representatives:
Resolved by the House, (tho Senate concurring,)
That there bo printed live thousand extra copies ot
tho report of tho Commissioner of the General Land
Office for 18(18, with the connected map of the United
States, for the use of the Senate, fifteen thousand
copies of tho same for the uso of the House, and two
thousand of the sumo for distribution by tho Com-
missioner of tho General Land Office.
Mr. POMEROY. I would inquire of the
Senator from Rhodo Island whether that in-
cludes the map which the Commissioner of tho
General Land Office has prepared?
Mr. ANTHONY. It includes the connected
map of the United States, of which the Gov-
ernment has already the plates. The map to
which I suppose the Senator refers, which the
Commissioner of the General Land Office has
rendered in with his reports, cannot be pub-
lished, in the judgment of the committee, at an
expense short of $100,000, aud we have not
recommended that publication.
Mr. RAMSEY. For my part, I think those
Gnaps arc worth $100,000 to the country.
Mr. POMEROY. The publication of the
map to which I have referred not being pro-
vided for in this report of the Committee on
Printing, of course it must come up as a sep-
arate measure ; but I have yet to learn that we
do not need the publication of that very map.
I believe we do ; and when the Senate come to
understand what that map is, and that it sup-
plies a want that has been felt for the last ten
years, I feel certain that they will order this
publication. This old map has gone by ; the
country has outgrown it; it does not show what
the country is, and a new map is demanded.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office
has made it, and he has made a good one, if
I am any judge. I am not on the committee
to examine it, but that is my judgment.
Mr. SUMNER. I should 'like to ask my
_ friend whether the map is not a copy of the
j German map.
