1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2299
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration the state of the Union gen-
erally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
1068) to amend existing laws relating to the
duty on imports, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
representation of texas.
On motion of Mr. STEVENSON, the cre-
dentials of J. C. Conner, claiming a seat as
Representative from the State of Texas, were
referred to the Committee of Elections.
stamps on condemned tobacco.
Mr. NEGLEY, byunanimousconsent, intro-
duced a bill (H. II. No. 1661) directing the
Secretary of the Treasury to authorize the
proper officers to affix stamps on condemned
tobacco in the Navy Department; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask that the bill be now
put upon its passage.
Mr. RANDALL. I object. I think lhe bill
is one which ought to go to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. NEGLEY. Then I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
phelps painjs.
Mr. LOGAN. I have had in my desk for a
month a bill from the Senate (S. No. 512) for
the relief of Captain Phelps Paine, which I
desire to put upon its passage. Having passed
the Senate, it was reierred to the Committee
on Military Affairs of the House, and the com-
mittee reported unanimously in favor of it.
The bill was read. It provides for the pay-
ment to Captain Phelps Paine of $2,030 30, in
full payment for services rendered as sergeant
major in the months of November and Decem-
ber, 1861, and as first lieutenant and aid-de-
camp from the 1st day of January, 1862, to the
25:li day of March, 1863.
The SPEAKER. The question is on order-
ing the bill to be read a third time. Is there
objection?
Mr. COX. 1 object. The House is about to
adjourn, and the bill is not understood.
'Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will allow
me I will explain it in one or two seconds.
This gentleman was aeommissioned officer who
served during the war, but who has never drawn
his pay on account of some informality in his
muster ; and this is to pay him according to his
commission and his services.
Mr. COX. Why is he not paid by the Depart-
inent?
Mr. LOGAN. On account of the inform-
al]! y in his muster they refused to pay him.
Mr. RANDALL. It will not establish any
vicious principle?
Mr. LOGAN. Not at all.
Mr. COX. You are sure that it is not a bad
precedent?
Mr. LOGAN. It is not.
Mr. COX. Then I withdraw the objection.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
alexander m'ahthuu.
Mr. STRICKLAND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. It. No. 1662) for the re-
lief of Alexander McArthur; which was read
a first and second time, referred, with the
accompanying papers, to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
several votes by which bills, &c., had been
referred 5 and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. RANDALL, (at
five o'clock and ten minutes p. m.,)the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AT WO OD: A memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, for an appropriation to
build a custom-house and post office in the
city of Green Bay.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of
Wisconsin, relative to a grant of laud to the
Wisconsin Railroad Farm Mortgage Land
Company.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Wis-
consin, asking the removal of the stray bands
of Indians in that State.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Wis-
consin, to refund to the city of Racine certain
moneys advanced for the construction of the
harbor of Racine.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Wis-
consin, relating to bounties to honorably dis-
charged soldiers.
Also, a memorial of the Cigar-Makers' Na-
tional Union, composed of 103 local unions
in different parts of the United States, asking
for the repeal of section eighty-two of the law
of 1868 imposing taxes on distilled spirits and
tobacco, &c.
By Mr. AXTELL; A memorial of several
thousand ship-owners, ship-builders, artisans,
and citizens of California, by H. F. William,
president, and W. D. Delany, secretary, of
the Association for the Restoration of Ameri-
can Shipping Interests.
By Mr. BUCK: The petition of L. Brewer
& Co., and others, of Mobile, Alabama, for the
importation of pig lead free of duty.
Also, the petition of N. A. Agee and others,
for removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. BURDETT: The memorial of Kings-
land, Ferguson & Co., Chouteau, Harrison &
Valle, E. W. Fox, Alexander Crozier, G. L.
Goetz, secretary of Helmbacher Steam Forge
Company, and 20 other firms and persons, con-
sumers of steel, doing business at the city of
St. Louis, Missouri, praying that duties on
steel be fixed at the rates recommended by the-
Committee of Ways and Means in the bill
reported to the House February 1, 1870.
By Mr. CLEVELAND: A petition of citi-
zens of the State of New Jersey, asking that
pig lead may be admitted duty free.
Also, a petition of citizens of Newark, New
Jersey, asking that pig lead may be admitted
. duty free.
Also, resolutions of the cities of Hudson and
Hoboken, New Jersey, asking that Jersey City
be made a port of entry.
Also, a petition of citizens of Jersey City,
asking that pig lead may be admitted free of
By Mr. COX: The petition of David Mo-
Master and all the leading stone-cutters, build-
ers, and architects of New York city, against
the tariff on rough freestone and sandstone,
as prohibitive, &c.
Also, the petition of Eleanor K. I illis, widow
of George T. Fillis, company _B, fifth New
Yolk heavy artillery, for a pension.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of E. W.
Benson and CO others, surviving soldiers of
the war of 1812, praying for a pension to sol-
diers of that war.
Also, the petition of D. M. Wiegel and 100
others, citizens of Rochester, praying for the
abolition of that "odious inquisition," the
income tax.
By Mr. HAIGHT: The memorial of James
S. McOtme, Joseph J. Beake_y,_BobertC. Bar-
aura, Thomas M. Taylor, William T. Christy,
and others, petitioning that the tariff on fire-
clay may not be taken off, and that it may not
be placed on the free list.
By Mr. LASH: The petition of Charles
Whitlock, a citizen of Snrry county, North
Carolina, for removal of disabilities.-
Also, the petition of James M. McCarge, a
citizen of Rockingham county, North Carolina,
for removal of d isabilities.
Also, the petition of Edwin S. Morris, a cit-
izen of Davie county, North Carolina, for the
removal of disabilities.
By Mr. McKENZIE: Petitions pf steamboat
owners, .masters, and merchants, and others,
of the District of Columbia and Alexandria,
asking for the building of a light-house at
Ragged Point and Lynch's Bar, on the Poto-
mac river.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: Resolu-
tions from the Commercial Exchange Associa-
tion, recommending the passage of House bill
No. 1262, providing for the abolition of com-
pulsory harbor, port, and pilotage fees, and
"requesting our Representatives in Congress
to lend said bill their active support and aid
and use every means to secure its passage."
By Mr. PACKER: The petition of Michael
Keene, Anthony Conlor, James Welsh, Wil-
liam Dunlevy, and others, workmen at Paxton
Iron Works, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for protection to American labor ; that fifty
per cent, be added to the present tariff on iron,
steel, cotton and woolen goods, and that the
duties on tea, coffee, and sugar be reduced.
Also, the petition of Robert Townsley, Wil:
liarn Hoover, Ellis Lilley, and others, workmen
employed at Paxton Iron Works, asking for an
increase of duties upon all descriptions of iron,
steel, cotton and woolen goods that can be
manufactured in this country, and that the duties
on tea, coffee, sugar, and molasses be reduced.
By Mr. READING: A petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, asking for the passage of a
bill that will release them from the power of
the Camden and Amboy monopoly.
By Mr. SLOCUM: A petition of residents
of Brooklyn, New York, for a law allowing
the importation of lead free of duty.
By Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa: The petition of
J. P. Gage and 8 others, business men, &c.,_
of Lyons, Iowa, against the seventh section of
the funding bill passed by the Senate.
Also, the petition of Pitkin C. Wright and one
other, of De Witt, Iowa, against the same.
By Mr. SWANN: The petition of William
II. Ryan and 30 others, citizens of Baltimore,
Maryland, praying that a bill may be passed
placing nitrate of soda, sulphate ot ammonia,
and muriate of potash on the free list.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 31, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev". J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. THURMAN. I
object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made the reading wHl be continued.
The Secretary continued and concluded the
reading of the Journal of yesterday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not hear m the
reading of the Journal any notice of a motion
which I made yesterday that the doors be
opened for the purpose of having the message
of the President read. I ask the Clerk to reau
that, portion of the Journal again. _
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that that motion would appear on the
executive J ournal if it was_ made .when the
Senate was in executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was made at the same
time the vote was taken by yeas and nays1 on
the motion to lay the message on the table,
•isiwBs&sr*.. r
not of course state what is in the executive
Journal, but doubtless that motion is incor-
porated in the executive Journal,
