1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3243
of prejudice has been excited against it which II
Vas probably never before created against a ;
merely local measure. It is not neccssary to
inquire into the motives which instigated the
crusade that has been waged, but it is sufficient
#t this time to state that that criticism and
prejudice are the result of an entire misappre-
hension of the facts in relation to it, and I
shall ask the indulgence of the Senate for a
few moments to state as briefly and succinctly
as I may what those facta are.
In the first place, this amendment proposes
to authorize certain railroad corporations in
the State of Kansas to purchase, ostensibly,
eight million acres of Indian lands in that
State at twenty cents per acre, but in reality
about seven million acres at about twenty-five
cents, as five hundred thousand acres are re-
served for school purposes, and about as much
more for the benefit and occupancy of the
Indians, in addition to the expenses of ap-
praisement, survey, &c., which have to be paid
by the purchaser.
The corporations proposing to pnrchase are
six in number, are all living organizations,
chartered under the laws of the State, three
of them now under rapid process of construc-
tion, and aggregating altogether seven hundred
and fifty miles of railroad within the State.
With this endowment these seven hundred and
fifty miles of railroad will all be completed
probably within two, and certainly within three
jears from the passage of this act. The amend-
ment is intended to be so framed as to secure
the construction of every mile of these respect-
ive roads, and not an acre passes into their
hands until completion.
On these lands there are less than four thou-
sand Indians. They insist that they have long
since sold their lands, and all they now want
is their money. I know it has been asserted
that they are dissatisfied with the sale, and ask
that it be not ratified ; but I also know from
the official records of the Interior Department,
and from personal intercourse with many of
them, that it is not true.
A most unreasonable and exaggerated idea
exists in regard to the value of these lands.
It is true that this tract comprises as beautiful
and fertile lands as can be found anywhere in
the West; but it is also true that this consti-
tutes but a limited portion of the whole, while
the great bulk of the reservation is of an infe-
rior quality. If there is such a place as the
great American desert, it is in the southwest-
ern part of Kansas and the northwestern part
of the Indian territory. Vast portions of it
are nothing but dry, barren, sandy plains,
utterly destitute of both water and fuel, the
land alkaline and the water brackish. This I
know to be its character, for I have seen it. I
am confident, too, that there is not a capitalist
in tbe country who wonld pay this price for it,
unless he had the means and intended to con-
struct internal improvements to or through it,
which would bring it within the reach of civil-
ization and of markets; for only in this way
conld he ever expect a return of his invest-
ment.
The Indians are provided with a liberal allow-
ance of land for homes in severalty, wherever
they choose to take it within the reservation,
where the money they receive for the surplus
may be applied with some hope of success for
their civilization and improvement, and the
Government relieved from the annual appro-
priations which we now have to make for their
care.
There are some twenty or thirty thousand
white settlers now on the lands. They have
gone there generally with the consent of the
Indians, in most cases paying them an annuity
for the use of their lands until their sale could
he ratified by Congress. These people have
of course taken up all the best of the lands,
and by this amendment they are guarantied
the right to purchase their homes at the min-
imum price of public lands. The balance, not
settled on at this date, and comprising all the
poorest part of the reservation and none of the
best, is to be appraised by Government ap-
praisers, and the maximum of that is fixed
according to quality and contiguity to the
roads. After appraisement the lands are open
to all to settle upon and purchase at the ap-
praised value as freely a3 upon any part of the
public lands.
Another noticeable feature, and one which ;
ought to commend the bill to those who profess
a desire to aid the construction of railroads,
but fear the effect of investing titles to large
tracts of lands in corporations, is that these
roads do not get title to an acre of land until
they are completed. During all the time em-
ployed in their construction the lands are open
to preemption and settlement, the same as pub-
lic lands. Following up and even preceding
the construction of the roads, as settlements
inevitably will, there will at that time be but
little if any valuable lands left, nothing but the
sterilo sand banks, to fall into the hands of the
corporations, and even these they must dispose
of within fi\ro years of the completion of their '
roads, or forfeit them, to be sold for the benefit
of the Indians.
Great stress has been laid by the opponents
of this scheme npon the assumed impropriety
of selling great tracts of land to corporations.
It is claimed that they should be reserved for
future generations of tbe landless poor. The
meaning of that, in brief, is that they should
be reserved for haunts for the buffalo and the !
savage; that they should be preserved as lurk- i
ing places from which a vengeful foe to civil- j
ization can spring upon the defenseless settle- I
ments of the pioneer, burn his cabin, drive off :
his stock, murder him, and take captive his
women and children. That is what it amounts
to, and nothing else. Of what use will they
be to the coming generations of landless poor,
or to anybody else, with such incumbrances as
that? How else are you going to bring these
great interior plains within the bounds of civ-
ilization and development but by the influence
of internal improvements? And how else are
you going to secure those internal improve-
ments but by offering reasonable inducements
to capitalists to invest their money in the con-
struction^ those improvements? What dif-
ference does it make to the Government what
becomes of these lands so long as the rights of
its wards and its citizens are protected? It
does, however, make this difference: the adop-
tion of this amendment will, within the next
ten years, create $1,000,000,000 of wealth
where now is nothing buta barren sand-bank— !
$1,000,000,000 of wealth, more than would be j
evolved in forty years without these roads. I
In communities of comparatively recent j
origin, like those of the West, with but little
money, but an abundance of land, we have no
means within our reach so effective for the
construction of railroads, and consequently in
stimulating development and.promoting the
general prosperity as the appropriation of
lands. As appears upon the face of the prop-
, osition, it takes nothingfrom the Government,
but actually adds to its resources, by opening
| up sources of production which do not now
exist and which can never be developed but
! by the construction of railroads. It works no
, hardship to the settler, but directly the reverse,
] because in paying the increased price required
for his home he buys with a certainty that
' within a reasonable time he will be furnished
I with a remunerative market at his door for
I every pound of vegetable and animal product
I of his land, with the additional advantage of
I the certain advance, far beyond its cost, of his
j homestead whenever he desires to sell it.
So apparent and well understood is this that
j, in nine cases out of ten of inquiries at the local
;: land offices and elsewhere for eligible locations
; upon the public lands almost the first question
j; asked is whether they will be within the reach
\ ! of projected lines of railroad. It is also proven
l by the experience of every land-endowed rail-
li road company in the Wfest. Not less than seven
hundred thousand acres of railroad lands in my
own State have been sold to immigrants within
the last three years, in many cases at enhanced
prices, simply because they were within reach
of these improved means of communication.
The immigrant prefers these rather than go
out upon the pnblicdomain, away from schools,
churches, and society, where lands could be
had at one quarter or one tenth the price. He
has been content to pay more if necessary mid
own correspondingly less land, and remain
where he can send his children to school, enjoy
the benefits of society, and, above all, have a
market at his door for all he has to sell.
This one substantial fact is worth more than
all the theorizing of the opponents of land sub-
sidies to railroads, and demonstrates in a most
practical and convincing manner the wisdom
and beneficence of the system which our Gov-
ernment has adopted. To the State, also, this
system of appropriating lands is a great gain,
because the construction of every mile of road
within its borders increases directly to the
amount of its cost the aggregate of its taxable
property, which is also still further increased
in an endless ratio by the additional attraction
to immigration and consequent increased pro-
duction ; so that, instead of any being losers,
all are gainers.
The time was when we might look for prosper-
ity and development in the distant and isolated
regions of the interior, when the stage-coach
and the flat-boat subserved the wants of com-
merce and furnished ample means of trade and
communication. But that time has gone by,
and cities cannot now be successfully built or
farms profitably cultivated away from the great
arteries of commerce and of thought afforded
by the railroad and the telegraph.
Perhaps as signal an instance as any to be
found of the beneficent influence of the land-
grant system, long since wisely adopted by the
Government, is in the State of Kansas. We
have in that State completed and projected, wi th
a certainty of completion, some three thousand
miles of railway, nearly all of which is aided
and all of which is largely stimulated by grants
of land. One thousand miles of these roads
are now in operation, costing an aggregate of
$20,000,000 for construction and many millions
more for stocking.
Contrary to the received idea of that country,
capitalists and railroad builders found there a
region which needed only the developing power
of the railroad to make it what it has since
proven to be, the most productive spot on the
continent for grains and fruits and vegetables.
The result has been that where sixteen years
ago, there was not a white man living, or ten
years ago, at the admission of that State into
the Union, when there were but one hundred
and seven thousand white people, we have
to-day six hundred thousand people, and a
population increasing at the rate of two thou-
sand a day. During the last year our contri-
butions to the support of the Government have
increased three hundred per cent.; and that
contribution is rapidly increasing from month
to month. It is a remarkable fact, too, that
this great increase both of people and of
wealth is confined to the localities which are
or are certain soon to be penetrated by rail-
roads. At least two thirds of this vast influx
are seeking homes on lands comprised within
the railroad withdrawals. They appreciate
the importance and value of the proximity of
railroads; and while they can go anywhere
upon the public lands, and take a homestead
for the asking, they prefer to pay the prices
they do and remain within the limits of trade
and civilization.
It will not be denied that no way has yet
been devised so promotive of the settlement
and improvement of the West as the reason-
able appropriation of its lands to the building
of railroads. It is not alone the lands that are
traversed that are benefited; but the initial and
terminal points also, far removed from them,
are made important centers of trade and trans-
