4188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Mr. MORGAN. No; Imadeno deduciion
for the taxes, and for this reason: in all uy
calculations, which you will see are of the
most moderate character, I do nol include the
tax which is paid by the banks, because the
interest which they receive is paid not only in
gold, but every three months. Now, the accu-
mulated interest resulting from gold payments
every three months is of more value to the
banks than the paltry tax which is imposed
upon their profits.
Now, Mr. Speaker, suppose the bill should
not be adopted, and the Government at the
end of twenty-five years was called upon to
pay this $85,000,000 ; that is, $40,000,000 of
Treasury notes and $45,000,000 of three per
cent, certificates; what amount do we have
at the end of twenty-five years ? We have the
sum of $118,750,000; that amount would be
required to pay off that debt at the end of
twenty-five years. Now, deduct $118,750,000
from $213,250,000, and you have a dead loss
of $94,500,000, if this bill goesinto operation.
Mr. Speaker, in obediancc to a large num-
ber of petitions sent me from the people asking
for relief I introduced a substitute for the bill
of the committee. The first section proposes
to abolish the national banks, thus saving over
$20,000,000 annually now paid as interest on
the bonds deposited by the banks as security
for their circulation.
The second section provides that in order to
meet the demands of trade, to securo a cur-
rency in quantity and value corresponding to
the development of the material wealth of the
country, and provide for the peoplo a means
ol' paying their taxes, the Secretary of the
Treasury is required to issue $500,000,000 of
Treasury notes of convenient denominations.
Section three requires the Secretary of the
Treasury to cancel and destroy all matured
bonds deposited by the banks as security, and
to redeem in Treasury notes the national bank
notes issued on said bonds, and to return to
said banks in redemption for their remaining
notes the non-matured bonds deposited as
aforesaid; and the Secretary of the Treasury
is further required to cancel and destroy the
national bank notes which have been or may
be received in payment of taxes, and substitute
for the same au equal amount of Treasury
notes. And the Secretary of the Treasury is
further required to pay the depositors of said
bonds a sum at par m Treasury notes equal to
the difference between the nominal value of
the bonds deposited and the amount of bank
currency issued thereon.
The fourth section requires the Secretary
of the Treasury to forthwith give notice by
publication that $200,000,000 of the five-
twenty bonds, designated by number, date,
and amount, will be paid on presentation at the
Treasury iu Treasury notes at par, and if not so
presented, that interest on the same shall cease
within six weeks after said published notice.
The fifth section provides that all taxes,
duties, and imposts of every kind payable to
the United States shall be receivable in gold,
silver, or Treasury notes, at the option of the
person making the payment; and upon the
redemption of the Federal debt said Treasury
notes shall be redeemed in specie.
For a moment, sir. let us contrast the scheme
of the committee with the substitute I have had
the honor to submit. The committee propose to
increase the bond debt $114,000,000, thereby
addiDg to the interest of the Federal debt nearly
seven million dollars. The substitute proposes
to reduce the bond debt $342,000,000, by paying
off that amount at par in Treasury notes, and
thereby save more than twenty million dollars
annually by way of interest; and also the fur-
ther sum of $41,040,000, by preventing Secre-
tary Boutwell paying to the bondholder twelve
dollars on the hundred more than their legal
value. The scheme of the committee would
cost the Government over ninty-four million
dollars to put in operation, while the plan of
the substitute would scarcely cost a dollar.
The bill proposes to tie the hands of Con-
gress, and not only to exempt the $114,000,000
of bonds from State and local taxation, but it
prohibits Congress from taking those bonds,
thereby increasing the burden of taxation im-
posed on the people. On the other hand, the
substitute, by payment of $342,000,000 of
bonds, forces that amount of capital into trade,
and brings that additional amount of property
on the tax list, and to that extent relieves the
people.
The bill proposes that these new banks shall
keep a specie reserve of one dollar for every
four dollars of circulation; and as the paper
of the new banks would be at onee "gobbled
up " by the old ones, the specie would be drawn
from the new banks as rapidly as it was depos-
ited, and a collapse would be the result. On
the contrary, the substitute proposes to redeem
the Treasury notes in specie when the debt
is paid off, and a less amount of currency is
required.
The Secretary of the Treasury and other
financiers, who aid in "running" the Govern-
ment for the sole benefit of the bondholder,
talk of a specie basis, of making the paper cur-
rency equal to gold, as if such a thing were
possible while we have a'law on our statute-
book declaring that paper money shall not be
equal to specie; that paper money shall not
answer the purposes of money in the payment
of customs dues. Sir, this talk of returning to
a specie basis while this debt hangs over us is
a mere cheat, set afloat for the express purpose
of deceiving the people. Suppose that suffi-
cient gold were iu the country to make a one-
fourth reserve for all the banks, how long would
the gold remain in their vaults while the bal-
ance of trade is against us'.'' While wo have
this fearful debt hanging over us, while our
people pay more taxes than any other people,
we must have a currency of corresponding
amount, and an increase of prices would be
the natural result.
Well, sir, if we had specie payments under
that state of things the foreigner would sell us
his goods for paper at paper prices, and an
hour afterward draw the gold from the bank
and ship it home, or sell it at an enormous dis-
count. The drawing of the gold from the banks
would produce contraction, and sudden con-
traction would bring with it commercial dis-
aster. Until wo get rid of tlio debt we have
only one true line of policy, and should only
have one currency, and that should be paper.
When the people are relieved of the burden
of the debt, then, but not till then, can we have
a specie circulation. A currency of gold and
silver now would double the fortune of the
bondholder and double the taxes of the peo-
ple. The bondholder bought $1,000 in bonds
for $500 in gold, and now gentlemen are
found who have the hardihood to ask that the
people shall be compelled to pay the bond-
holder $1,000 in gold for what the bondholder
only paid the people $500.
Sir, those who pretend to favor a return to
specie payments know that it is impossible.
And hence they seek to increase the fortunes
of the bondholder by making money scarce
and interest high. Return to specie payments I
How do you expect to return to specie pay-
ments, to establish an equality between gold
and paper, when by special legislation you
have made paper currency inferior to specie ?
But, sir, there is another reason why we
should not if we could return to spccie pay-
ments now. Let customs dues be paid in Treas-
ury notes, and the interest on the funded debt
be paid in the same currency that the interest
on all other debts is payable, and then, if the
foreigner wants our gold, he must buy it like
any other commodity, or take our manufactures
and products in exchange for his; and instead
of losing we will largely gain.
Now, sir, I have a word or two to say in
regard to the first section of my bill, which pro-
poses to abolish the national banks; for of all
the schemes of legalized plunder since the
world began the scheme of national banking in
the United States is the most indefensible and
the most infamous. Ah, gentlemen smile!
Well may they smile while their heels are
planted on the breasts of the people and while,
without laboring themselves, they are reaping
the profits of the industry of others.
What is this scheme of plunder of which I
speak'! A law was passed giving to a very
few men compared with our population $300,-
000,000 of something the law calls money.
What did they pay for it? Now, mark you.
this point. How much did they give for these-
$300,000,000 of bank nptes? Not one farthing!
They did not pay even for the paper on which
the note is printed. They did not pay for the
engraving, They did not pay for the ink. You
gave to New England $104,000,000 of this
bank money, which did not cost New England
a farthing; and out of extreme generosity New
England comes to Ohio and loans $50,000,000
at twenty per cent., money which cost her
nothing, and she receives the fruit of all out-
labor and all our toil and all our industry, and
in the space of a few years makes not only
$300,000,000 but $1,200,000,000 ; and she will
redeem her bonds at the Treasury, place them
in her pockets, and have the neat little sum of
$9Q0,000,000 clear gain.
Ou this subject Thave a word or two more
to say. I have in my hand the statement of
Jay Cooke & Co., published in 18G9. It will
be remembered that it was in June, 1804, the
present banking law was passed. And the
statement of Jay Cooke & Co. shows that in
1864 one dollar of gold was worth $2 03 in
paper, while one dollar of paper was only worth
forty-nine and a quarter cents gold. Then,
with $171,237,550 in gold, the bankers pur-
chased double that value Treasury notes, and
invested them atpar in $342,475,100 of bonds.
Those bonds they deposited in the Treasury
as security, and obtained $300,000,000 bank
notes, for which they paid not one cent. They
have received six years' interest on the bonds
which the people owed them, and six years'
interest on the notes which they owed the
people. That is, they drew interest on the
money they have borrowed as well as upon the
money they have lent.
Right here, sir, let me call your attention to
a little account stated between the tax-payers
in account with the banks:
Debtor.
To bonds  $342,475,100
To notes  300,000,000
Interest on bonds  123,291,030
Interest on notes  108,000,000
Total  873,706,136
Deduct  232,883,068-
Profit SOtO,883.06S
Credit.
Costof bonds $171,237,550
Six years' interest on same  61,615,518
Total $232,883,068
The amount of profit realized iu six years
on $171,237,550, is $040,883,008, or the sum
invested has been increased nearly fourfold.
As the gentleman from the Lowell district
of Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has stated that
there are from seventy to eighty bankers on
the floor of this House, I should like to submit
this little account for their examination over
night, that they may enlighten us upon it in the
morning.
Now, sir, I invite the special attention of
honorable gentlemen who are kind enough to
listen to me, and of those who may have the
patience and still greater kindness to read my
remarks, to the accumulative power of money.
It is a question which to us Americans is of
the very first moment. Oar institutions are
being rapidly undermined by the monopolists
of whom I have spoken, and unless the people
of this country grapple with these questions
with a single desire to preserve their free insti-
tutions their day of doom is near at hand.
This bank circulation of $300,000,000 at
