2300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
Mr. TRUMBULL. But I insist that it
belongs on this Journal, because it was in t.m>
neetioti with the same matts*. I move, thv.. e-
foro, to correct the Journal by having it appear
that a motion was mftde to open the doors for
the purpose of. receiving the message which
has just been read. I notice in the Globe this
morning that it appears that a message was
received from the President, and it is set out,
bat there is no notice of the motion which I
made at the same time and in the same con-
nection. Of course the reporters of the Globe
are not to blame. I am aware that they were
not here. It is well known to every Senator
that the reporters were not here when those
yeas and nays were taken ; but if the doors
were open for that purpose then they were
open for the purpose of my motion, and it
seems to me that the motion should appear on
the same Journal that contains the yeas and
nays on the Other motion. I therefore move
that the Journal be corrected by inserting the
motion which was made by myself in connec-
tion with the same paper that now appears in
the Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho motion of
the Senator from Illinois is certainly in order.
Any motion to correct the Journal is in order.
But as the Secretary cannot speak the Chair
must state in his behalf that he supposes the
motion could not be made to open the doors
unless tho doors were closed at the time. If
the doors were closed at tho time then it was
certainly executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The answer to that is
that if the doors were closed to my motion
they were closed to the motion of the Senator
from New York. He made his motion 
Tho VIOIO PRESIDENT. The motion to
correct the Journal is in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
York made his motion in connection with the
same matter; but the yeas and nays were called,
as every Senator knows, when tho reporters
were not here; and how did they get on the
Journal I should like to know?
Mr. CONKLING. As I was interested in
the motion now drawn in question, I beg to
state how 1 suppose it came upon the Journal.
As a physical fact, the Senator from Illinois
may be right in saying that the Senate at the
time he speaks of was in executive session.
As a parliamentary fact, by unanimous consent,
the Senate was at that time proceeding for the
particular purpose in question, which was an
ordinary parliamentary and legislative purpose.
The Secretary properly, as I have no doubt, in
making up the Journal has attributed to the
executive session all that belonged to it, and
attributed to the open and legislative session
all that belonged to it. The fact is no more
difficult to understand than is any fact in which
the same body at substantially the same time
is acting either in two characters, or acting in
the same character under diffei'ent forms; and
as we all know, scarcely anything is of more
continual repetition than this very fact as
applied to other legislative business. The Sen-
ate is in executive session, and by common
consent deems its doors open for the purpose
of transacting that business which in usage is
transacted with open doors; although, as a
question of constitutional and parliamentary
law, everybody knows that tho Senate has a
right to transact all its business with closed
doors. There is no necromancy about that.
It is not necessary to bave witnesses in the
galltry or anywhere else in order to validate
the proceedings of the Senate. It is a mere
custom, a mere usage, a mere fashion at best.
But in this case it seems to me it is entirely
plain that the executive Journal shows what
pertains to it, all that the usage of the Senate
attributes to it; and if the Senator from Illi-
nois made a motion, which would have been
frivolous, in accordance with the suggestion of
the Chair, except for the fact that it was made
in executive session, that motion appears upon
the appropriate Journal : and when a Senator
made a motion which pertained to the open
session of the Senate, everybody consenting
and nobody objecting, according to the usage
that appears, as it should appear, upon the
Journal of the legislative session. I humbly
submit, therefore, that there is nothing to cor-
rect unless wo are to turn reformers, and go
back and expurgate the whole Journal and the
whole parliamentary history of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I think
the motion of the Senator from Illinois ought to
prevail, and I think this is a very simple case
indeed. I will assume that the Senate, being
in executive session, agreed to consider tho
doors open for the purpose of receiving a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
not a message directed to the Senate of the
United States in confidence, in executive ses-
sion, but a public message addressed to the
Senate in its legislative capacity. Now, if tho
Senate was to ba considered in legislative ses-
sion, tho doors open for the purpose of receiv-
ing that message, it must also be considered in
legislative session for everything that took
place upon that message, and among the things
that took place upon that message was tho
motion of the Senator from Illinois.
The whole difficulty arose from tho fact that
although the Senate was considered to be act-
ing in legislative session with the doors open,
in point of fact the doors were not open. That
was tho whole difficulty about it, and the motion
of tho Senator from Illinois that the doors be
opened was not a motion to go out of execu-
tive into legislative session, but was a motion
in legislative session that tho doors should not
be open merely by construction, but that they
should be actually open. That was what the
motion was. It was not a motion, I say again,
to open the doors in order to go out of execu-
tive into legislative session; but the Senate
was in legislative session, and being in legisla-
tive session with closed doors, without any
order having been made to hold a legislative
session with closed doors, tho Senator from
Illinois moved that the doors be actually open,
not constructively open, but actually open.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
mo to make an inquiry?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. What fact would have
been necessary in order to have the doors
actually open, as the Senator expresses it?
Mr. THURMAN. Why, to open the doors.
Mr. CONKLING. The doors were open.
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir; they were open
constructively, that is all. [ thought at tho
time—for I wanted them open ; I wanted every-
thing to be done in open session—L thought at
the time that any Senator had aright to demand
that the doors should bo actually open, and tho
reporters called in. I think my colleague made
a motion to that effect, or suggested it, and I
thought he was perfectly right; but being a
novus homo to a certai 11 extent I paid deference
to the older Senators here, who I thought would
demand that the doors be opened, any one of
them, if that was his right. Finally, it was put to
a vote on the motion of the Senator from Illinois,
and to my utter amazement this Senate, sit-
ting in legislative session on a message'of the
President of the United States upon so great a
subject as tho adoption of an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, refused
to open its doors to the public, and kept them
closed. I say the motion of the Senator from
Illinois to amend the J ournal is aproper motion,
for everything that took place in contemplation
of law was done in legislative session.
Mr, CONKLING. I wish to make only a
single remark. It ought not to go upon the
record, as it did come from the lips of the
Senator from Ohio in closing his remarks, that
the Senate refused to open the doors, thereby
meaning that the Senate refused to clothe with
entire publicity such a proceeding as that to
which he adverts. The precise truth is this :
tho doors were, in every sense, not only consid-
ered open but they were open.
Mr. THURMAN. Does the Senator from
New York say the doors were actually open ?
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from New
York says that the doors, in every sense, were
open, and repeats it.
Mr. THURMAN. In every legal Sense?
Mr. CONKLING. And now I beg to add
that the only thing which could have been
done in addition to that in point of fact was
to send for the reporters of the Congressional
Globe: and I remind the honorable Senator
that the reporters of the Congressional Globe
are not commissioned to make up or in any
way to touch the record of this body. That is
made up by the Secretary. The Secretary was
present, lie did make the- record, and tho
record is public and complete. Nothing more
could have been done except to send out a
notice which might have brought in the report-
ers of tho Congressional Globe, and at the
same time caused persons to take seats in the
galleries. ] need not say to the Senator that
those two facts would have added no publicity,
constructive or actual, to these proeeedings ;
and the whole question which the Senate de-
termined was a very subordinate question of
convenience. It was this: whether time should
be occupied to send out for the reporters, and
to have persons come into the galleries, when
it wan known that the whole purpose was to
call the roll of the Senate, which would bo
done, I might almost say, in the twinkling of
an eye, when tho Senate was again to resume
the eonsidera'ion of executive business. So
that, I repeat, the whole result would have
been, had the motion which has been referred
to prevailed, to bring in the reporters, to bo
sent out again, and invite in spectators in order
to be again and immediately turned out from
tho galleries. It being thus a question of the
mere convenience of the Senate, a mere ques-
tion oi tho dispatch of business, the Senate
proceeded at once to vote upon the motion to
print the message of the President of the Uni-
ted Statesandtolayitupon the table; and there
that motion stands publicly and permanently
recorded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think a wrong im-
pression would go out to the public from the
statement of the Senator from New York. Of
course, when ho speaks of the doors being
open, lie doe.-; not mean to say that in point
of fact they were open. It is not the practice
of the .Senate to send out for persons to come
in. W<i all understand what the practice is.
When a motion is made to go into executive
session the Presiding Officer, if that motion
carries, directs the Sergoant-at-Arms to close
the doors and clear the galleries; and when
the Senate comes out of executive session he
directs tho doors to be opened, and the re-
porters, whoso room is right adjoining the
Semite Chamber, immediately step in. We
never send out to bring people in here that I
am aware of.
Mr. CONKLING. Yvre only send out notice.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Tho Senator trom New
York, in speaking of the usages and customs
of the Senate, may bo correct. lean only say
that I have no recollection, during my service
in the Senate, that the yeas and nays were ever
called in semi-executive session before. I have
known, and the rule of the Senate is for mes-
sages to bo received in executive session. I
think the rule provides that messages from the
other House and the President shall always be
received, and the messenger is announced when
we are in executive session and the message
is received. But this was not the receiving of
a message. Here was a very important docu-
ment coming from the President of the United
States, and it seemed to me eminently proper
that the doors should be not only constructively
but actually opened, that the world might
hear read the proclamation of the Secretary of
State and the message of the President of the
United States accompanying it. Believing so,
I insisted that the doors should be actually
open, and made a motion to that effect. The
