3244
THfi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
portatiou; and their citizens, together with the
people on the otherwiso worthless lands of the
interior, are made rich and prosperous. New
York and Boston, as well as Sau Francisco
and Portland, are thus directly benefited by the
construction of these interior Hues.
The value of every man's farm 011 either side
of a railroad is at once immensely enhanced.
Immigration is attracted, and all lands open to
settlement in the vicinity are rapidly taken up.
The iuereased means of transportation prac-
tically bring the consumer of the East to the
door of the producer in the West. Schools and
churches are established and maintained where,
before the advent of the railroad, settlements
were too sparse and poor to admit of these
peculiar indices of prosperity and progress.
Society is increased, strengthened, and im-
proved, and the political importance of the
State is augmented by every vote that is se-
cured by the added facilities for business and
for comfortable living afforded by railroads.
It is in this way that the railroads give the
lands to the Government instead of the Gov-
ernment giving them to the railroads, by giving
them value and making them attractive to
immigration and productive of wealth and rev-
enue. The disposition of the public domain is
largely a question of dollars and cents to the
country—a question as to hoar much shall l>c
realized out of them. As a source of cash
revenue it has long since been conceded that
nothing is or can be realized directly from their
sale by the Government; that the $1 per
acre received for them as an item of revenue
is so insignificant as to be unworthy of con-
sideration ; that the return to be anticipated
from their sale is in their development and the
production from them of taxable property, and
uot iu the price per acre received for them.
The great bulk of the public lands are hun-
dreds of miles from railroad communication,
und consequently that distance from market.
Suppose the settler goes out and takes up a
homestead, getting his land for comparatively
nothing, it is inevitable that in the absence of
liberal grants of lands he must remain there
many years before railroad communication will
bo much nearer to him than now. In the
mean time he is fortunate and succeeds in
raising abundant crops of grain and vegetables
aud stock. His neighbors are, like himself,
producers and not consumers. The country is
sparsely settled, because there are no unusual
facilities for transportation and trade, and
nothing, in the absence of railroads, to con-
centrate settlements aud build up towns. His
produce is a drug in his own neighborhood and
region of country because of the absence of
towns, and consequently of consumers. When
his crops mature and the marketing season of
the year comes round he has therefore to load
them into his wagon and carry them these hun-
dreds of miles before he can sell them at
anything like tj e ruling rates of the markets.
It takes him a week or more to reach that
market, and nearly as long to return. Who
cannot see that the necessary outlay of teams,
of money, and of time, and especially of the
latter, if properly valued, would leave the
farmer a very small dividend, or rather none
at all, at the end of the round trip ? He would
return creditor to his farm if not in debt to his
grocer. How many men would go out upon
the public lauds in this age of railroad develop-
ment with the prospect before them of an in-
definite continuance of this state of things ? It
cannot be said that the rapid development of
the West disproves this theory, for not one in
ten of the immigrants to the \Vest have gone
there but in the confident expectation of m a
few years enjoying all the benefits of near rail-
road communication and the advantages of a
close market.
As a single illustration of this fact, scarcely
were the settlements organized in the valley of
the Kansas river before the agitation of the
proposition to make that the route of the Pa-
cific railroad was commenced, and it was largely
the confidence which was feltaven at that early
day that the project would ultimately succeed
that attracted and retained the two hundred
]l thousand people now in that valley. This is
my observation and experience; aud the same
considerations will apply with equal force to
all parts of the West, proving that it is abso-
lutely cheaper and better for the frontiersman
to pay the enhanced value given to his lands
by the presence of railroads than to take them
for nouiing and remain long distances from
communication and markets.
Settlers do not go upon lands to which there
is iu their judgment no probability of the ex-
tension of railways. There are now open to
settlement in the West, under the homestead
law, millions of acres of the finest lands that
lie under the sun, which the Government is
begging the poor of the country to take as a
gift, across which a stream of emigration is
daily pouring, seeking more distant and no
better lands, simply for the purpose of getting
within reach of railroads, or rather of secur-
ing locations where railroads wilt be sure to
come at no very remote day.
It must be clear to every one that out upon
the great plains of the West, far removed from
market, devoid of water communication, and
scant of fuel, the progress of settlement must
be exceedingly slow unless there be a reason-
able expectation of a remedy for these dis-
abilities, by a timely provision of better means
of transportation than they now have. That
remedy consists in the construction of railroads.
Suppose we cause by the appropriation of lands
the construction of roads across and through
these plains. We cause at the same time the
building of innumerable towns and cities, and
a concentration of business and capital. Every
settler upon them will be brought within an
easy day's drive of a station and a market.
' He saves his weeks of time in getting to aud
from a market. He avoids the necessity of
large investments in teams, and more than all
he receives at his door for his load of produce
a price approximating if not equal to that of
the East.
Who does not see that that Tegion, in large
i part now barren and desolate, becomes at once
a desirable country to live iu? Under this
stimulus hundreds of thousands of the people
of the East are silently wending their way to it
to possess and enjoy their share of the benefits
to be derived from this appropriation of the
public lands. Who does not see, too, that this
increase of production and accumulation of
property add directly to the volume of national
wealth and the enlargement of the sources of
national revenue? And who does not see, too,
that this development in Kansas directly lends
to reduce taxation in Massachusetts as well ?
So that in this way, and this only, can these
lands be made productive of good to all the
: people, and uot to corporations and localities
merely. The corporations purchasing these
lands propose to enhance their value by im-
proving them; and the terms of the sale rigidly
guaranty that improvement. They propose to
expend many millions of money upon them
in this improvement, and having made that
immense outlay in redeeming what will other-
wise remain a barren waste until long after this
generation shall have passed away, who would
deny them an adequate, even a munificent, re-
1 turn upon their investment?
Suppose a corporation of individuals pur-
i chase a swamp in the vicinity of this city, and
. expend large sumsof money in filling it up and
! making it habitable for the purposes of produc-
tion and trade, would it be right to say that
those who have thus expended their means in
enhancing the valne of their property and in-
creasing the wealth of the community should
receive no adequate return upon their invest-
ment of time and money ? This is a parallel
case. Here is a region of country far removed
from civilization, effectually sealed up against
settlement and development in the absence of
railroads, and can only be made habitable and
inviting to the farmer, the artisan, aud the
merchant, by the construction of these artificial
means of communication and trade. Much of
it is literally a barren waste of sand, and utlerly
valueless, except as it may be brought into
proximity to valuable internal improvements.
If these corporations expend their money in
making it habitable and attractive, thus adding
millions upon millions to the wealth of the
country, where is the justice of estopping them
from the sale of the lands whose value they
1 have thus enhanced, at prices atleast approx-
imating a fair return ? And where is the wrong
to anybody—the Indian, the settler, or the
Government ? Capital is hesitant about engag-
ing actively in those improvements until this,
our almost only resource, can be safely pledged.
It is useless to aver that railroads will be built
as fast as the country needs them without this
encouragement, that we now have already pro-
jected all the railroads we need, and that these
are sure to be built whether they have the aid
of these lands or not. That is all true; but the
young men of to-day do not want to wait until
they are gray-haired before they can enjoy the
commercial advantages which these roads will
give them. Their fathers before them tried
that and found it a poor investment of time.
Each generation lives essentially for itself, and
it is the duty of each for itself and for its own
good to seek the highest possible stage of
development, and not leave for the next what
can and should be done within and for itself.
We want and the country needs these railroads
now, and we can have them and wrong nobody,
but rather benefit everybody, by the plan I pro-
pose.
We have been admonished, in the course of
the debates on this subject, that we are but
hastening a conflict between railroad corpor-
ations and the people; that the time is coming,
to quote the words of gentlemen, " when these
corporations will be our masters." Let ine
admonish gentlemen, in turn, that there are
, better ways of averting that danger, if any such
exist, than by stopping the construction of rail-
ways; better ways of averting the evil, if there
be grounds for its apprehension, than by per-
mitting our vast interior to remain the undis-
turbed haunt of thieving savages instead of
planting upon it the flag of civilization and pro-
gress. When that danger comes, if it ever
does, I have no fear that there will not be vir-
tue and independence in the people sufficient
to devise effective means for the correction of
the evil. This generation wants the roads, and
the next will be quite as competent to take care
of itself as we ourselves have been to take care
of this. It is folly to deny ourselves a sub-
stantial good for fear our children may not
know how to use'and control it.
Mr. President, it is objected to the appro-
priation of lands to railroads that it creates
great landed monopolies of the corporations
receiving them; that they tie up and withdraw
from settlement the lands of the nation, which
should be held open for the benefit and occu-
pation of those who are to come after us. It
is usually true of those who make this criti-
cism that they are great admirers, and justly,
too, I think, of the beneficent public-land sys-
tem which has so long been followed by the
Government. Now, what has been the prac-
tical working of that system ? In the west-
, em States many million acres of the public
lands have been purchased and obtained even
: by preemption, in large tracts, by a few indi-
viduals, and held without any improvement
whatever for purely speculative purposes, the
I holders waiting for the settlement and develop-
ment of contiguous lands to enhance the value
of their own. Here is a monopoly as great as
that of which gentlemen complain on the part
of railroad corporations, and far worse in its
effects, because these contribute nothing to the
improvement of their own or their neighbors
' lands, while the railroad contributes largely to
; both. Yet do we hear any outcry against this
II absorption of the public lands in the hands of
