i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
setts in the express-ion that we ought to have
! recent and original information em-
bociiea m the maps that are to be printed offi-
iiaT? fe- government of the United States;
but I differ with him in this: it is not material
to me who made the original observations by
means of which locations are ascertained. If
some of the points on this map have been ascer-
tained astronomically by German astronomers,
have been, ascertained scientifically and accu-
rately, and are laid down on this map, what dif-
ference will it make to the reader of the report
who will refer to the map for illustrations? I
apprehend that the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office resorted to all the recent ob-
servations that had been made which were
calculated to enable him to produce this map.
i.v '6place, he ordered surveys of the
public lands and surveys of the boundaries of
territories and States. The observations made
m connection with those surveys, of course,
were not made by the Commissioner himself,
bat were made by offioers of the Government
under his control; and doubtless he has em-
bodied that information in the map that has
been produced,
Then, if the locations have beeu ascertained
by the officers under the direction of the Coast
Survey, by means of which the exact location
of mountains and rivers and bays and harbors
has been ascertained, is it important to this
Government and its citizens that these scien-
tific examinations and deductions shall be dis-
regarded? Will they not be equally valuable
to the reader of this report and the examiner
of the map as if these observations had been
made by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office in person ? I supposo all that it
is important for the Scntatc to know is this :
that all the most recent accurate information
attainable has been obtaiued by tho Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, and has
beenapplied in the compilation of this report,
and in the production of this map. If any
Senator doubts that this has boon done, then
of course he will be justifiable in voliiigagainst
the amendment proposed by tho Senator from
Wisconsin; otherwise, it seems to nic every
Senator ought to vote in its support.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish the Senator from
Wisconsin would withdraw his amendment,
except that part of it which is to .strike out
"the connected map of the United States;''
we put that in to please the Senators who object
to it; I have no desire to have it printed ; and
let him introduce his amendment upon the
resolution to print tho forthcoming report of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
,000, because the House will be entitled
to have much larger numbers than we have
and printing maps are very expensive. It is
different from other kinds of printing.
Mr. POMEROY. It is not the number of
maps that makes the expense.
Mr. ANTHONY. The number makes a
great difference. They cannot be printed on
an ordinary press.
Mn SUMNER. They must be engraved.
Mr. ANTHONY. And colored. The Ger-
man map referred to I suppose is that of Berg -
haus. I suppose it is the latest, most authen-
tic, and best map of the world; and the
Commissioner of the General Land Office has
very properly made that the basis of his map.
This is a map of the world, and not a map of
the United States. The object of it is to show
that the United States is the center of civili-
zation, the center of the world; that every-
thing is leading to it. On it are represented
lines of steamships and lines of railroad com-
munication, the object being to show that this
country must ultimately become the center of
commerce, trade, and banking. It is a very
good thing. I certainly agree with everything
that has been said of the Commissioner of. the
General Land Oflice, a man in whom I have
the highest respect; a man who devotes him-
self with singular fidelity to the duties of his
oflice, and who seems to have no other object
than to perform them to the best advantage
of the country.
The only question involved is a question of
money, and that is a very serious question.
We printed in former times books at an enor-
mous expense. Tho printing of the Pacific rail-
road report cost $1,000,000. That system has
been broken down, and I do not want to see it
inaugurated again. We have, on one or two
occasions at least, printed the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office in va-
rious languages; in tho German, inthe French,
ill the Spanish, and in the Danish ; and 1 was
afraid that, my friends from the Pacific coast
would ask us to print it in Chinese, so that wo
might urge forward emigration from the Celes-
tial empire; but wo were saved that,
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on tho amendment of tho Senator from Wis-
consin, which is to strike out the words "with
the connected map of the United States."
The amoudment was agreed to.
Tho resolution,as amended, was concurred in.
] (10MM1TTE1J SERVICE.
ji Mr. KAULSBURY. I ask to be excuscd
! fiom serving upon the Committees on Revo-
This report should have been printed last year. ;j bit ionary Claims and on Mines and Mining.
It is not the fault of the Senate that i t was not i! Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Senat
done. If we delay the printing of this report
until these maps can be prepared we shall not
have it in a year. It will tako a year to print
those maps. I should prefer to have this report
printed or disposed of as tho Senate may see
fit, and then have the resolution to print the
maps as a separate one, or it may be added to
the other resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It would be better to do
that.
Mr. HOWE. The suggestion just made is
a very reasonable one, it strikes me, and I
will modify my amendment by omitting the
words which I proposed to insert.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin modifies his amendment, and ;
moves to strike out the words "with the con- 1
nected map of the United States." >
Mr. ANTHONY. That will be much better;
and then a resoluton to print the maps can be ,
introduced separately, or as an amendment to ;
lhe other resolution. I waut a little prepara- !
tion in regard to it; I want to produce the maps
and show them to the Senate, and then I shall
be ready for tife discussion. The question
is only one of money, whether we are going
into the map business ; and my impression is
that if we print that map we shali not get
through with it until it costs the Government
-    — Senator
from Delaware asks to be excused from serv-
ing on the two committees named by him. Is
there objection? [After a pause.] The Chair
hears none. It is so ordered.
l'Al'EKS WITUDISAWX AND KI5MSKKKD.
On motion of Mr. NORTON, it was
Ordered.That tho petition and papers in tho case
otAenca Ellon JUoiss, pruyinjr for a pension, be
withdrawn from the tiles of theSenatc, and referred
to tho Committee on Pension?.
On motion of Mr. CRAGIN, it was
the caso
States Navy,
. ....   u«.v find vpfprrfM]
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to take
up
move to
Senate bill No. 283.
lhe \ICE PRESIDENT. The introduc-
tion of bills and joint resolutions is now in
order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before proceding with
the introduction of bills, as I was called out
of tho Senate at the time reports were called
tor, I ask leave to make a report. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bili (S. No. 280) in relation to the appel-
late jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the !
United States in certain cases, have instructed
me tq report it back with an amendment. /
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 71) in relation to lands
withdrawn for the benefit of the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. STEWART. I ask that the joint reso-
lution be read at length, and I desire to have
it considered now. It will explain itself.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, as
follows:
lie it remlved, A)c., That the Secretary of the In-
terior is hereby directed to suspend his orders of
November 2 and II, 1869, restoring to private entry
the lands heretofore withdrawn forthe benefit of the
Southern Pacific railroad of California until the
end of the present session of Congress, so that the
interests of the preemption and homestead settlers
and the rights of the railroad company may be in-
vestigated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of the
joint resolution?
Mr. HOWARD. I wish some explanation
.of it.
Mr. STEWART. Iwillgive the explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Michigan to reserve
the right to object.
Mr. HOWARD. What is "the Southern
Pacific railroad 1"
Mr.STEWART. I will explain in a moment.
The lands for the Southern Pacific railroad in
California were withdrawn. Previous to then-
withdrawal they were subject to private entry
with college scrip or for cash at $1 25 an acrc.
They were in a condition to be taken up by two
or three individuals who might feel disposed
to do so. The location of the railroad was made,
and it wag claimed by persons desiring to enter
the land at private entry—two or three pers.ons
wanted to enter it all—tkat the road was not
located in pursuance of the charter. The Sec-
retary of the Interior has found the fact to be
that it was located in pursuance of the charter,
and he has set aside the location, which re-
stores the land to private entry. If his order
is carried iuto effect it will be taken from the
homestead and preemption settlers altogether,
and also from the railroad company, and will
be entered at private entry by a few individ-
uals. I do not think that will be a desirable
result. The order is made and is about to be
published. This resolution simply suspends it
until Congress can determine whether it will
restore the land to preemption and homestead
settlement; whether it will give it to the rail-
road company or will allow it to be entered at
private entry. It simply suspends the execu-
tion of the order until an investigation can be
had. It does not propose to change the status
of anything until Congress can see what ought
to be done in the premises. If this order comes
out it will be published, and that will be some
expense. It can be stayed by Congress if the
order is published ; but if it is once issued and
published parties will make their arrangements
to pay for the land, and it is better to act at
once. Things ought to be kept as they are
until the matter is investigated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the immediate consideration of this
joint resolution ?
Mr.POMEROY. IshouldliketoasktheSen-
ator whether these lands have been surveyed?
Mr. STEWART. Surveyed long ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think th at matter ought
to go to a committee.
fhe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio objects to its consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to its
being referred to a committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I think it had better be
referred to a committee for investigation.
Mr. STEWART. Let it go to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands or the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
