1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1357
amen'iil conditions" will be a notice to the
!y,dt the States that they may know what
to exnect in ease they should so far change
,j,,.-'L';nvrnraents as to deprive them of a
r.iMiiiiiic.iu character. The experience of the
:.,si ft-,v years iJ. in my judgment, ample adver-
t ..MiRMi'to them that the loyal people of this
L",j,o!i i-itend that the rights of all men shall
!,,• urotected. and that all men shall be equal
lj. : ho law. No service of such a notice
j* ice'iired. While the administration of the
(liiwi'nun'iit is in the hands of those who be-
jicve in the doctrines of liberty and equality,
tin-re needs no notification of the purposes of
the Government. When it shall have passed
(v!t nf their hands what hinders the repeal by
C'luress of all statutory provisions of this
character? Does any Senator believe that
these provisions will be allowed to stand a
samle month after our political opponents shall
reL'a.a possession of the administration of the
(Hiveniuient? Certainly not, unless happily
ti.ev receive some new lights.
1 shall vote against the "fundamental con-
di'ions.': and shall vote for the amendment
of the Senator from West-Virginia. I would
glu'liy vote to extend the repeal contemplated
in his amendment to similar "fundamental
conditions'' in the acts admitting other recon-
structed States. But if the Senate shall decide
to retain these "conditions," I shall never-
theless vote for the bill, believing that it is
better to admit the State even with what I
regard as unnecessary restrictions than to keep
her in her present situation.
Mr. DRAKE. It is not my intention, Mr.
President, in the debate on this bill, to go over
ajain the ground covered by the debate on the
Virginia bill. I had really supposed that the
Senate, having spent two weeks upon the Vir-
ginia bill, had come to definite and fixed con-
clusions in regard to this matter. But I will
occupy a few minutes in some remarks on two
or three points of the subject, not supposing
that anything I can say or thai any other Sen-
ator can say will really make any change in the
opinions of Senators.
1 wish to call attention to the position which
the Senate will assume if it sustains the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary and strikes out ihe conditions that were
in the bill as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives.
The House of Representatives sent us, for
the admission of Virginia, a bill of two lines,
simply declaring it entitled to representation
in Congress. We amended that bill by add-
ing certain conditions, and sent it back to the
House with those amendments. The House
concurred in the amendments. The bill was
passed as so amended, signed by the President,
and the Senators trom Virginia are here and
her Representatives are in the House of Rep-
resentatives.
When we come to the case of Mississippi the
House of Representatives take the very exact
bill a3 we trained it, striking out the word
''Virginia" and inserting the word "Missis-
sippi," pass it, and send it to us, and then we
are called upon by the Judiciary Committee to
recede from what we have done in the case of
\ uginia, and to pass exactly the very bill that
we refused to pass when it was here before in
regard to Virginia. And what reason is urged
for it? Not one, as far as I have heard, that
was not urged in the case of Virginia. Then
it we do this, what is to be our position before
the country? That of vacillation that has
obabiy no equal before in the history of the
,.te.
•:r. President, let those Senators who will
; iniothis movement; I am not one of them.
'i' do i believe that any one who voted for
conditions that, were imposed upon Vir-
ginia will vote to bring in Mississippi without
tli em.
But, sir, there is another view of the matter,
■the difference between the political character
of these two States as displayed in their elec-
tions has a bearing upon this matter. It may
well be said to us if we do this thing, "Are you
so very willing to impose burdensome condi-
tions upon Democratic Virginia,and not willing
to impose them upon Republican Mississippi ?"
Well, sir, I hold that they stand in reference
to this matter in precisely the same position,
and that no provisions should be applied to one
which are not equally applicable to the other,
and that no exemption should be granted to
one not granted to the other. It makes no dif-
ference to me whether one is Democratic or is
Republican, and the other is the other way.
They both were rebel States; they both are
peopled by those who sought to destroy this
country ; and upon both of them I would impose
the same conditions for the future benefit not
only of those States, but of the whole country.
The honorable Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Sawyer,] who has addressed us speaks
about our legislation on this subject as "patch-
work." I hand him over to the tender mer-
cies of the Committee on the Judiciary, which
has had the originating and framing of all our
legislation on this subject. I have before
referred in my own remarks to the manner in
which this legislation has gone on, and I do
not propose to do so again ; but if it has the
aspect and character of patchwork, why is it ?
Simply because, in dealing with these States,
almost every month has brought some new
development that required to be met by legis-
lation from Congress. And sir, every new
development that has presented itself has been
the offspring of rebel ingenuity to keep itself
as far as possible out of the grip of Congress.
I am willing to go on and put together patch-
work after patchwork until we get a quilt that
will cover the whole of thein and all their
schemes of insubordination to the power of
the nation that conquered them.
The Senator from South Carolina talks about
waiting till the signs of disease appear in those
States. Sir, has the Senator from that rebel
State become so suddenly oblivious to the foul
disease that preyed for years upon the vitals of
his own State? Has he forgotten the secession
and disunion doctrines, that emanating from
the capital city of his own State, spread like a
pestilence through that whole southern region,
and involved them in a conflict with the nation ?
No disease there! When were they cured ?
When did they ever tell you they were cured?
Never to this day have they given a sign that
a cure had been effected. The virus of treason
is still there, and nothing but the neutralizing
power of this great nation keeps it this day
from being in full vigor. Sir, the fang is only
folded back. All that it needs is opportunity
to erect itself again, and for the bice to be
inflicted upon this country which will fill its
veins with poison ; and yet the Senator from
South Carolina talks about signs of disease.
Sir, when he can point to a returned condition
of health there, and show it affirmatively, then
will be the time to talk about loosing all grasp
upon these late rebel States.
Mr. President, .there has been a great deal
of talk here on one side and the other about
States coming in equal with other States. What
State is equal to any other State in this Union
except in two particulars? This talk about
equality of States is talk about an element
that the Constitution of the United States rec-
ognizes only in one, or at mostin two respects.
Here on the floor of the Senate is the arena
of State equality ; and where else do you find
itV If found in any other place, it is only in
their relative equality in the other end of this
building ; but as to positive equality, it exists
nowhere but in this Chamber, where each State
is represented by two Senators.
Sir, nearly fifty years ago the State of Mis-
souri, as was shown by the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Yates] yesterday, and as is known
to every Senator, came into the Union "fet-
tered," as these Senators say, with a funda-
mental condition. Has that State not from that
time forth to this been in every particular the
equal of every other State in the Union? Every
one knows that she has. Other States have
come into the Union "fettered" by funda-
mental conditions, and they have sent their
Senators here and their Representatives into
the other House, and have manifested before
the world that they regarded themselves and
were in fact the equal of every other State.
There is a fundamental mistake about this
matter. Talk about the equality of the States
in the Union ; what does it mean under the
Constitution? It means simply this, that they
have an equal participation in the Government
of the Union, guarantied to them by the Con-
stitution ; no more, no less. When, therefore,
we admit one State upon these terms, another
State upon those terms, and still another upon
other terms, we do not impair or impeach their
equality in the Union. There is nothing in the
Constitution which contemplates any other
Union than that of a Union of the people organ-
ized into States in the Government established
by the Constitution.
When the bill for the admission of Arkansas
was up here I presented that view to the Sen-
ate in extenso. I repeat it here now. It is
not an admission of a State into a union of
the people, because they %vere already a part
of the people and united with them, but an
admission of a State into the union of Govern-
ment created by the Constitution ; and when
a State is admitted to its equal participation in
that Government, it is to every intent and pur-
pose on a perfect equality with every other
State, no matter how much the Congress may
have fettered its independent action over cer-
tain subjects.
But, sir, how is it that the honorable Senator
from South Carolina comes into this Chamber
and takes his seat from a State occupying the
degraded position of an unequal member of the
sisterhood of States? A condition was imposed
upon his State, a fundamental condition, and
yet the honorable Senator comes in and takes
his seat as a Senator from that fettered and
degraded State ! Sir, has he got new light since
he came here, or were the fetters not so galling
then as they are now? I do not comprehend
that gentlemen who came into this Senate
Chamber under the operation of fundamental
conditions are now to turn about and denodhce
the very conditions through which alone they
ever got their seats here.
Mr. President, we must hold ourselves up to
the point of strict dealing with the late rebel
States, or they will hold us down to the point
of strict subservience to thein in the future.
The ambition, the lust, the greed for empire
and dominion and power in the rebel population
of those States has never yet to this moment
been slaked or subdued. Senators who have
never lived among such a population, Senators
from the northern States that were far removed
from the rebel population, will not believe
those who did live among it when they tell
them this. They think that they can judge as
wisely and as well as those who have lived for
years in daily contact with rebels ; but they are
mistaken ; they are wofully mistaken. We who
have lived there know what they are. Men
who have lived North do not know what they
are; and the worst of it is that they will not
believe us, though we are living witnesses, and
have been for years, of the character ot this
spirit of rebelism.
Now, Mr. President, why should we show
toward one portion of that rebel population
the spirit of leniency that would be indicated
by our striking oft' these conditions, alter we
have fixed them upon another portion oi popu-
lation of exactly the same character? As I
said before, I have heard no reason tor it vet.
I can perceive none now. I see no good to
come from any manifestation of leniency in
this description of legislation to any of that
class of people. I am looking to the future,
