1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5133
defeated only by a failure to perform the conditions
of making proof and tendering the purchase-money."
This is a strong ease, and we think it settles the
question under discussion, if any judicial decision
can* Cloyes.the preiimptor, selected his claim under
the act of Congress of May 29,1830, authorizing and
regulating preemptions. A later act, dated June 15,
1832, granted to the Territory of Arkansas one thou-
sand acres for acourt-liouse and jail at Little Hock,
including the tract claimed. Before this grant the
preemption right of Cloyes had accrued under the
act of 1830, and he had proved his right, and done
everything he could do to perfect it. The court de-
clared that, " by this grant to Arkansas, Congress
could not have intended to impair vested rights.
The grants of the one thousand acres and of the
other tracts must be so construed as not to interfere
with the preemption of Cloyes." And as if to remove
all doubts as to the rights of the precmptor and the
nature of his claim, the court adds:
"The claim of preemption is not that shadowy
thing "which b'£ some it is considered to be. Until
sanctioned by law it has no existence as a substan-
tive right; but when covered by the law it becomes
a legal right, subject to be defeated only by a failure
to perform the conditions annexed to it."
In giving this opinion the court adds:
"The adventurous pioneer, who is found in .ad-
vance of our settlements, encounters many hardships,
and notunfrequently dangers from savage incursions.
ITe is generally poor, and it is fit that his ontorpnse
should be rewarded by the privilege of purchasing
the favorite spot selected by him, not to exceed one
hundred and sixty acres. That this is the national
policy is shown by the course of legislation tor many
years."
In Delassus vs. The United Stales, 9 Peters, 133,
Chief Justice Marshall says that "no principle is bet-
ter settled in this country than that an inchoate title
to lands is property." And again, he says: "The
inquiry, then, is whether the concession was legally
made by the proper jiuthorities, and might have been
perfected into acompietetitle." His inference was
that the inchoate right which might have been per-
fected into a oornplete title was " property." This
view is confirmed by the act of Congress of March 3,
1843, which provides that if the precmptor shall die
while the conditions are being performed his claim
may be perfected by the heir at law, to whom the
patent shall bo issued. (5 Statutes-at-Large, page
G-JO.)
In Smith vs. tho United States (10 Peters, 330) Mr.
Justice Baldwin, in delivering the opinion of tho
court, says:
" It was never doubted by this court that property
of every description in Louisiana was protected by
the law of nations, tho terms of the treaty, and the
act of Congress; nor that in the term 'property'
was comprehended evexy species of title, inchoate or
perfect, embracing those rights which lie m contract,
those which arc executory, as wel! as those which
are executed." (.See also Rice vs. Itailroad Company,
1 Black, 358.)
Justice Story, in commenting upon the constitu-
tional prohibition against laws impairing tho obliga-
tion of contiacts, uses this language:
" It has been decided, upon solemn argument, that
contracts and grants made by a State are not less
within the reach of the prohibition than contracts
and grants o{'private persons; that the question is not
whether such contracts or grants are made directly
bylaw in the form of legislation, or m any othor
foria, but whetherthe.v existatalJ. The Legislature
may, by a law, directly make a graut; and such a
grant, when once made, becomes 11 revocable, and
cannot be constitutionally impaired. So the Legis-
lature may make a contract with individuals directly
by a law, pledging the State to a performance of it,
and then, when it is accepted, it is equally under the
protection of the Constitution." (Commentaries on
the Constitution, vol. 3, p. 257.)
In illustrating this principle he nddstnat a grant
amounts to an extinguishment of tho right ot the
grantor, and implies a contract not to reassci t it."
(See Fletcher vs. Peck. 0 Cianch, 87,135.)
In Wilkinson vs. Lelanii, 2 Peters's ileports, page
057, the court says:
"That government can scnrcely be deemed to be
free where the rights of property are letc solely de-
pendent upon the will of a legislative body, without
any restraint The fundamental maxims oi a lice
government seem to require that the rights of per-
sonal liberty and private property should he held
sacred. At least no court of justice in this country
•would bo warranted in assuming thai the power to
violate and disregard them—a power so repugnant
to the common principles of just ice and civil liberty—
lurked under any general giant of legislative au-
thority, or ought to be implied from any general
expression of the will of the people. .The people
ought not to be presumed to part with rights so vital
to their well-being without very strong and direct
expressions of such intention. In Tcrrett vs. Taylor,
(9 Cranch, 43,) it was held by this court that a giant or
title to lands once made by the Legislature to any
person or corporation is irrevocable, and cannot be
reassumed by any subsequent legislative act; and
that a different doctrine is utterly inconsistent with
the great and fundamental principle of a republican
government, and with the right ot the citizens to the
tree enjoyment of their property lawfully acquired.
"We know of no case in which a legislative act to
transfer the property of A to B, without his consent,
has ever been held a constitutional exercise oflegisl a-
tive power in any State of tho Union. On the contrary,
it has been constantly rejected as inconsistent with
just principles by every judicial tribunal in which it
has been attempted to be enforced."
The committee have already referred to the strange
opinion of Attorney General Speed respecting the
light of preemption. Wo now cite a directly ad-
verso opinion of Attorney General Mason, of April
25,1846, on a case arising under the preemption act
of 1841. He says:
^" The object of the law is beneficent, and it is en-
titled to a liberal construction in aid of the ends to
be attained. But to accomplish this, such a con-
struction must be given as will protect the settler in
his ultimate right; first, for thirty days from the
date of his settlement; and secondly, for twelve
months from the same time. The settler is entitled
to this protection against the claims or entries of
others. From the moment, therefore, that he enters
in person on land open to such a claim, with tho ani-
mus manendi, or rather with tho intention of avail-
ing himself of the provisions of the act referred to,
and does any act in execution of that intention, ho
is a settler. He must afterward give his notice of
intention, inhabit, improve, build his houso, and
make his proof and payment within tho time stipu-
lated, to perfect his right. But in every stage ho is
protected until he fails on his part to comply with
the conditions of tho law." (Opinions of the Attor-
ney General of the United States, doc. 55, pp.
1795-6.)
This opinion was accepted by the land depart-
ment, and has been followed ever since, with the
exception of tho extraordinary ruling referred to,
and the action of the Interior Department in con-
formity thereto.
It would be easy to cite farther authorities, but it
is not necessary. That the offer of a home to the
settler througii the preemption laws, on specified
conditions, and tho acceptance of thoso conditions
by him, constitute a contract,"which cannot be con-
stitutionally impaired by Congress, is a proposition
which wc believe has never, until very lecently, been
disputed. It is not only supported by the authori-
ties we have cited, and by obvious principles of jus-
tice, but is in harmony with the well-known policy
of the nation. Tho encouragement of emigration,
the population and settlement of our vacant terri-
tories, and through these means the inereaso of our
national strength and lesuurecs, have been among
the cherished purposes of tho Government. It was
in view of these ends that our preemption laws weie
enacted, offering homes to tnose who will select and
occupy them in person, improve them, and pay for
them at a fixed rate. Tho Government is as much
bound by its off r as an individual would be in anal-
ogous chcumstaiiCHs. It is true the senior has the
option, at anytime before completing his payment
and receiving his patent, to abandon his claim: but
this option is a part of ins contract. Tho Govern-
ment gave it to him as an inducement to become a
settler. If the settler abandons the claim there is
no loss to the Government, for it retains tho title
and has parted with no value. It has been likened
to a contract for tho sale of land, in which the owner
retains the title a-* security for the purchase-money.
Tho purchaser, in tho absence of stipulations to the
contrary, may at any time abandon his impiove-
ments, and leave tho property to its owner without
further liability. And yet, if he should remain and
comply with tho terms of his agreement, the owner
would bo bound to him for the title; and in the
mean time the purchaser would have an equitable
interest, of which no power could deprive him with-
out his own consent, unless taken by the Govern-
ment for public use, on payment of its va.lue.
The doctrine that the settler's right of preemption
is a meie " bounty," which the Government may at
any time recall, has therefore no just foundation.
It probably grew out of our early laud policy, which
treated settlers upon the public domain as trespass-
ers and threatened them with penalties. Thisshoit-
sighted and ungenerous policy was gradually aban-
doned. Laws were passed giving settlers the priv-
ilege of preempting their respectivequartersecuons
on eeitain specified terms. The act oi" September 4,
1841, was finally passed, prospectivein its operation,
pledging tho faith of the Government that it would
grant io all futuie settlers pus.secsmg certain pro-
scribed qualifications, and who should make certain
improvements, the privilege of preemption. The
old land policy is % thus wholly revolutionized, and
this act now constitutes our general land by^tcm on
the subject. Under it the settler who enters upon
the public lands and complies with its terin^,, has the
light, by law, to demand his talc from tho Go\ em-
inent by the terms of his contract, and not as bounty
or giatuity, which the Government is at liberty to
grant or withhold at its pleasure.
The obligations of the settler and tho Government
are mutual, and the consideration of the contract a
valuable one, namely, a beuelit to the Government
it' the wotlv is peifornied, and a disadvantage to tho
settler who performs it and expends his money. The
settler not only lays out his money and bestows his
labor on tho land, thereby enhancing the value uf
adjacent lands, and adding to the taxable wealth of
the country, but he pays a fixed piiee for his home-
stead before he can leceive Ins title. Whathc asics
at the hands of the Government is not bounty, bat
justice, through perfect good faith in the execution
of its contract. As the pioneer of progress, and the
strong ally ot our civilization, that contract should
be libeivlly construed in his favor, lie, it any man,
should be regarded by the law as its favorite. It
makes no sort of difference that the precmptor, if
disowned by the Government, cannot sue the United
States tor a specific 'performance of tho contract".
That goes to the xemcdy, and not to the right. It
pleads for further legislation m aid of thesettier, but
certainly does not release the United States from
those obligations of good/faith which the law never
fails to impose upon individuals, or warrant the 1 ed-
eral courts in declaring that might makes rig tit.
But in tho case now under consideration the force
of this reasoning is sought to be evaded by the posi-
tion that the lands in the Yosemite valley were
unsurveyed, and therefore were never subject to pre-
emption. This is gravely asserted by the Senate
Committee on Private Land Claims, in a report sub-
mitted in the lost Congress on tho very bill now before
this House, which was then pending in the Senate.
But tho truth is, most unfortunately for this argu-
ment, that the right of preemption does and did
extend to unsurveyed lands by law. If the Senate
committee had turned to the United States Statutes-
at-L&rge, volume twelve, page 410, section seven,
they would have found this enactment:
"And be it further enacted, That in regard to settle-
ments which by existing laws are authorized in cer-
tain States and Territories upon unsurveyed lands,
which privilege is hereby extended to California, the
preemption claimant shall be, and is hereby," &e.
The act further proceeds to define the duties of
prcemptors on this class of lands after they have
been surveyed; but as the lands in question have
never been surveyed no duties were incumbent upon
Hutchings and Lamon except actual residence upon
and improvement of their claims, and these duties
they performed. This act of Congress is dated May
30,1862, and settles conclusively the right of these
settlers to preempt their claims, under the laws of
the United States, at any tirao subsequent to that
date, and prior to the grant of tlie valley by Congress
of date June 30,1804.
The Senate report rcferrod to says:
" It has been ascertained that the whole area of the
valley is about eleven hundred acres, and that it
appears from diagrams presented to the committee
that the tracts granted to Hutchings and Lamon
control to a very great extent, if not altogether, the
use and enjoyment of the valley."
These statements are sustained by Professor J. D.
Whitney, on oof the Government commissioners, who
certainly possessed the means of knowledge. But
the aiea ot the valley, and the advantage secured to
these settlers by allowing them their preemptions,
are matters purely collateral. They certainly could
not affect the question of legal right under the laws
of the United States. As tho facts stated, however,
if true, must tend greatly to prejudice the claims of
these paitics, the committoo have taken pains to
ascoitain from undoubted official sources tho truo
area of the vailev. Tho Commissioner of the General
Land Office, at the request of this committee, has
prepared a careful estimate of the areas of the sev-
eral portions of tho Yosemito valley, according to
the oliicial map of the same, which he submits, as
follows:
Acrcs.
1. The valley embraced within its walls, (in-
cluding 3,lu9 acres of meadow land)  8.480
2. The area of the northern wall of the valley. 2,0*0
3. The area ol'thesoufchern wall of the valley.. 3,080
4. The area of the bottom lands on both sides
of the valley embraced within the exterior
boundaries, of tho Yosemite grant  21.8S1
Making a total area of the grant 36,111
It thus appears that the facts referred to are utterly
discredited. The whole area of the valley is not
eleven hundred acres, but thirty-six thousand one
hundred and eleven. The preemptions of Hutchings
and Lamon are considerably less than tho one hun-
dredth part of this. The valley proper, embraced
within its walls, is eight thousand fourhundred and
eighty acres, or twenty-six and a half times larger
than tho preemptions. If we come down still lower
and take only the meadow land of this valley proper,
wo have thirty-one hundred and nine acres, of which
the claims of theso settlers would constitute but lit-
tle over one tenth part. It seems to us, therefore,
utteily preposterous to suppose that "Hutchings
and Lamon could control, to a very great extent, if
not altogether, the use and enjoyment of the valley."
Their power would necessarily be limited by their
little possessions. And these facts answer a kindred
argument, which has been very earnestly pressed by
those v/ho oppose these settlers, namely, that if their
claims are allowed the valley would fall "into the
hands of those who would levy tribute upon the trav-
eling public and make this beautiful valley odious
for the extortions of its greedy and sordid possessors."
In the very nature oi things these results couldnot
follow, and no facts are shown affecting the charac-
ter of these settlers or their conduct as such to war-
rant the intimation that they have any purpose
whatever unfriendly to the valley or its free public
use and enjoyment. Besides, as we have already
recited, the public is protected by the act of the Cal-
ifornia Legislature, granting to these men their pre-
emptions. The "grant is upon the condition that the
State, through the board of Yosemito'commission-
ers, shall have the power at any time to lay out,
constiuct, and maintain such roads, bridges, paths,
and avenues upon and through the said lands a « may
be necessaiy for the convenience of the public and
visitors to the said valley.'^ It seems to the com-
mittee that this effectually disposes of tho argument
under notice. The whole valley, seven miles long,
and containing over thirty-six thousand acres, n*
1 placed under the confciolof the State commission-
er-. The small fractions of this claimed by the set-
tlers are made subordinate to the use of the public.
Uf the valley proper ever eight thousand acres ate
left t-j the State, of which nearly three thousand
{.•ores are meadow land, and much of it as good as
that claimed by Hutchings and Lamon. By what
means they could establish a dangerous or odious
supremacy in the valley, and compel the world to
render them unwilling tribute, Ufb committee are
not able to perceive.
