3246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
They are in that vicinity. Bat the manner of
disposing of the public lands under the system
thai has been adopted since 185G does not apply
to these other railroads, and although I am per-
sonally friendly to them and would be glad to
do everything in my power for them, yet, as
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands,
administeringthelandlawsof theUnited States
impartially among all the States, I cannot agree
to deviate from that established rule. It has
become such a rule that it is now almost a law
that our land grants shall be given to railroads,
if they are given at all, where they pass through
the lands; that they shall be given in alternate
sections within prescribed limits, and only as
the road is built. Those are the boundaries
of our land grants, and we have never deviated
from them.
Mr. STEWART. I should not like to see
that system deviated from.
Mr. POMEROY. Oneof the roads named
in the amendment of my colleague does pass
through these lands, and it has the right of
way and should have a land grant in alternate
sections with the restrictions! have spoken of.
* But, Mr. President, I desire to say that the
bill for disposing of this Indian reservation
Comes to us from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and not from the Committee on Public
Lands. The Committee on Indian Affairs have
not seen fit to make in it any provision for
internal improvements through that section of
the State where the land lies. I am sorry they
did not; but there is such a necessity laid upon
us who are familiar with this whole question,
as it relates to the peace of the State, that we
cannot temporize with any temporary policy in
regard to the particular manner in which the
lands shall be disposed of as hazarding the
question, whether they shall be disposed of at
all or not.
The Senate must bear in mind the fact that
although this is an Indian reservation, yet the
Indians have agreed to sell it. They have
entered into a treaty to that effect. That fact
has been known and published in all the States,
and we had an exhibition this spring in the
State of Kansas such as we had never had
before, men. from every State of the Union
coming in—I will except the Pacific coast,
but I will except no other States—to take pos-
session of these lands which the Indians had
sold. They had not removed. They think
they have sold them, and they are only wait-
ing now for the money. The Indians directed
these settlers to their settlement, and things
went on very peaceably for awhile; but the
Indians not being removed, their treaty being
delayed here and finally withdrawn by the
President, the Indians thinking they were never
going to get any money, and the settlers press-
ing in upon these lauds, hostility between them
has arisen to some extent. Difficulties have
arisen. The Indians are beginning now to ask
money from the settlers to entitle them to stay.
The settlers refuse to pay money to the In-
dians; they think they should deal with the
Government. These difficulties have pro-
gressed in the State to such a degree that the
President of the United States has sent some
troops there to protect the settlers and keep
the peace. I received this morning a telegram
stating that a whole regiment will benecessary;
that the two companies sent by the President
are not sufficient; that there is a most alarm-
ing state of affairs there.
In view of these facts, I desire to cooper-
ate as far as possible with the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and dispose of this reservation
so that the Treasury of the United States shall
not be . depleted, so that the settlers will get
the land, and so that the railroad company
whose road does run through the land shall
have the usual grant. Upon that basis I should
be glad to have this.bill passed.
Mr.' FOWLER. What company is that?
Mr. POMEROY. The Atchison, Pike's
Peak, and Santa F6 road. That road runs
through these lands, and that is the only road
that does run through them. It now has the
right of way, but not a land grant, because it
was a reservation at the time. When these
become public lands, and the United States
get back the money they propose to pay the
Indians, the usual grant would naturally apply
to that company, and they should have it.
It has been thrown out here that the people
of the State of Kansas wanted to wrest these
lands from the Indians; that they were going
to commit some greatontrage upon the Indians.
That cannot be so at all. Before the settlers
went on the lands, the Indians proceeded to
sell the lands to the Government of the United
States, according to the provisions of a treaty
made by the officers of the United States Gov-
ernment. That treaty we found did not meet
a ready approval in the Senate, and the Presi-
dent finally withdrew it after it had been laid
on our desks for a year. We could not get
any action upon it. During the pendency of
that treaty, men from other States, as I say,
entered upon these lands. They were welcome
of course to the State of Kansas, but they were
not citizens of the State who wanted to wrest
the title of these lands from the Indians. They
had already proposed to part with their title;
and now men from other States, from almost
every State in the Union, as I am told this
morning, over twenty thousand of them, have
taken possession of these lands.
I know the Senator from Maine [Mr. Mob-
bill] and others will argue that this is all
wrong; that they ought not to have taken pos-
session of them ; but to argue in that way is to
argue in the face of the stubborn fact. It is
already done. They have possession, and they
have it with the consent and acquiescence of
the Indian when he agreed to remove. The
only difficulty in this matter is that the Indian
has not been furnished with the means for his
removal, and the Government ha3 not carried
out the provision which the Indian made in his
treaty. If that had been done last year there
would have been no difficulty; there would
have been peace and quiet in that section of
the State, and we should have been spared the
expense this Governmentwill be to; andl think
the expense will equal the whole value of these
lands—I mean the expense of the Military De-
partment of this Government on these lands
this summer if the bill is not passed.
Mr. President, I know there is more anxiety
to pass this bill than there is to make speeches
about it. And while I agree with every word
that my colleague has said, he could not have
pressed the subject more strongly than I should
nave been glad to do, as the manner in which
he proposes to dispose of the public lands is
not in harmony with our system, except so far
as it relates to one of these companies, I shall,
reluctantly though it may be, have to vote
against his amendment, with an understanding
that an amendment protecting the rights of
the company that does pass through the lands
will be adopted. When that is done I shall
vote for the bill. I prefer to take a vote rather
than to discuss it at any greater length.
Mr. ROSS. I rise simply to correct a mis-
apprehension of my colleague in regard to the
location of these roads. Three of these roads
actually traverse these lands. Out of the three
there will not be far from four hundred miles
of railroad lying actually on the lauds; one
line entirely through from east to west, another
one entirely through from northeast to west,
and another on the east side touching the tract.
Mr. POMEROY. My colleague and myself
cannot differ about it. What I say is that one
road has the right of way through it and by
act of Congress is authorized to build through
it. The others are merely proposed roads, and
are not authorized by any act of Congress to
build through it. They are not real roads, not
roads having any standing in the law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
the bill is before the Senate for its considera-
tion, and as I have some views to express in
regard to it I may as well submit them at the
present time. If I could hope to arrest the
attention of the Senate on this bill I should
be very glad to state to it some of its charac-
teristics which in my judgment deserve the
most serious consideration of the Senate. It
belongs to a class of measures that in my
judgment at the present time are of more im-
portance to the country than any which engage
its attention. I think I can show to the Sen-
ate that this bill is of the most questionable
character, the passage of which would be little
less than a legislative scandal, to be pointed
to in the history of the country as so extraor-
dinary as to be wholly unjustifiable upon
grounds either of legislative expediency or
legislative wisdom.
I have been very much in the habit of con-
curring with my honorable friend from Kansas
who has just taken his seat [Mr. Pomeeoy]
upon questions touching the Indians; and!
regret extremely that the remarks which my
honorable friend has seen fit to submit to the
Senate to-day were not characterized, if he
will allow me to make that remark, with his
usual candor on that subject. He tells the
Senate that there is very great difficulty and
trouble in Kansas, and that the trouble origin-
ates with the Indians.
Mr. POMEROY. No; I did not say so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator be good enough to define himself then?
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator never in-
tends to misquote me, I know. I clid not say
the trouble was solely with the Indians. 1
said difficulty had grown up between the In-
dians and these settlers. I did not say the
trouble was solely with the Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will explain
what the trouble is, if I can, and if I know,
and I think I do. I say the trouble is not with
the Indians; the trouble is not chargeable to
the Indians in this instance at least, and I
challenge contradiction from that Senator or
any other Senator ; and I think I know.
Now, sir, what are you about to do ? Dis-
pose of an Indian reservation. Why? It is a
question of peace and war, the honorable Sen-
ator tells us. My honorable friend from Iowa
[Mr. Hajrlan] who has charge of the bill in-
vokes the judgment of the Senate to avert the
perils of war. A regiment is already ordered,
the honorable Senator from Kansas^Mr. Pome-
eoy] tells you, to preserve order on one of the
reservations belonging to a tribe of Indians
which has the guarantee of the Government of
the United States for its protection and secur-
ity. That is the predicament in which we are
placed. Well, sir, who is going to make war?
Have the Indians proclaimed it? No. How
does it come? It comes by conflict, my honor-
able friend explains now, between the settlers
and the Indians. Does he mean to tell the
Senate that there is a settler in that territory?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. He does; Well,
I mean to say that there is no such thing as a
settler on that territory, and I know what I am
saying. From the nature of the case there
can be no settler. If there is anybody there
he is a trespasser. If he is there he is there
in violation of the rights of the Indians, and
he is there in violation of the plighted faith of
this nation; and nobody knows that better than
my honorable friend; and when he uses the
term " settler " he misuses the term altogether.
The Indians hold-that reservation by the faith
of this nation pledged to them, and no man
has a right to go there without the consent both
of the lndiansand of the Government. Totalk
about settlers there is to talk most inaccurately.
To talk about settlers and the rights of settlers
there is to talk altogether outside of the rec-
ord. There is no white man there who has
any right whatever to be there. He is there
in violation of law, in violation of the solemn
treaty of the Government of the United States,
and if the Government were true to its obli-
gations, he would not be there.
Now, my honorable friend apologizes, and
