46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
Mr, HOWARD. The Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, I should think. I move that
it be referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 306) to increase the salaries of the
Chief Justice and associate justices of the
Supreme Court of the United States; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask that the bill be
read at length.
The bill was read, as follows:
Be it enacted, That from and after the 1st day
of January, in the year of our Lord 1870, the salary
of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States shall bo $12,000 per annum, "and the
salary of each of the associate justices of said court
shall be $10,000 per annum; to be paid in the man-
ner now providod by law.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move that the bill
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-,
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
307) to repeal an act entitled " An act to reg-
ulate the distribution of the proceeds of fines,
penalties, and forfeitures incurred under the
laws relating to customs, and for other pur-
poses which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
308) to establish a uniform time for holding
elections for electors of President and Vice
President of the United States, and Repre-
sentatives in Congress, in all the States of the
Union ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROBERTSON. 1 desire to make a re-
port from a committee. The select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities ask
leave to report back the bill (S. No. 283) to
remove political disabilities of certain persons
tliereiu named, with an amendment, striking
out the names of Charles C. Crowe, of Perry
county, and Alexander Mcliinstry, of Mobile,
Alabama, their names having been included
in the bill that passed the Senate yesterday.
The bill now contains only two names, and I
ask for its immediate consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairunder-
stands the Senator from South Carolina to ask
unanimous consent on behalf of the Committee
ou the Removal of Political Disabilities to
move to take up at this time a bill introduced
on the first day of the session.
_Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 desire to introduce a
bill for reference.
, The VICE PRESIDENT. The introduc-
tion of bills is in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 309) for the relief of John Cummins, late
collector and disbursing agent of Idaho ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG- asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 310) constituting the Mississippi Valley
Levee Company a national corporation ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ABBOTT, I should like to have an
opportunity to explain. At my request the
chairman of the Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities asked leave to make a
report, and was about to ask for theimmediate
consideration of a bill removing the disabil-
ities of two men when he gave way. One of
these gentlemen is the district attorney of
Florida, and the other is a member just elected
to the senate of North Carolina. It is import-
ant that the bill should be passed promptly
and these gentlemen relieved from their dis-
abilities. It will take bat a minute to pass the
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Would it not be better to
proceed with the morning business and then
take up the bill afterward ?
Mr. ABBOTT. The morning hour has
expired.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a resolution which
I wish to offer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from Massachusetts to object
to the present consideration of the request of
the chairman of the Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities, and morning business
will continue.
Mr. CONKLING. The morning hour has
expired.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired; but there is no special
order, and there is no business postponed to
this day.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us finish the morning
business, and then the bill of the Senator from
South Carolina will be in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next busi-
ness in order will be the consideration of bills
on the Calendar if any Senator demands that
the Calendar be taken up. If not, the morn-
ing business will continue.
Mr. STOCKTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 311) to further amend an act entitled "An
act to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes," approved June
30, 18G4; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLB5T asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 72) providing for the repair
of the inclosure of the cemetery at Harper's
Ferry, West Virginia; which wasread twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 73) for the disposal of the
public lands in the States of Florida, Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, and Arkansas; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. No. 74) to extend the port of
entry of the collection district of New Orleans;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
NEW ORLEANS BRANCH MINT.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
^Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
directed to report to the Senate the present condi-
tion of th« United States branch mint and grounds
in the city of ISTew Orleans, Louisiana: the purpose
for which the same is now used; also whether, in his
opinion, the interests of tho Government require a
mint in that city.
NEW ORLEANS MARINE HOSPITAL.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Senate the present condi-
tion of tho United States marine hospital and
grounds in the city of New Orleans, Louisiana; the
purpose for which the samo is now used; the prob-
able cost of completing the building; also whether,
in his opinion, tho completion of tho building is
desirablo; and if not, what method of providing hos-
pital accommodations for the port of New Orleans
he deems most desirable.
DISTRICT MEDICAL SOCIETY.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its immediate consideration :
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of
Columbia be directed to consider the expediency of
repealing the charter of the Medical Society of the
District of Columbia, and of such other legislation
as may be necessary in order to secure for medical
practitioners in the District of Columbia equal rights
and opportunities without distinction of color.
Mr. NORTON. _ I object to the considera-
tion of that resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over
until to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. Is there objection?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection was
made by the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to make an obser-
vation to explain the object of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Minnesota reserve his objection until
the Senator from Massachusetts shall have
made his observation?
Mr. NORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope there can be no
objection to this proposition, which has become
necessary from a recent incident. A medical
practitioner in Washington, Dr. Augusta, who
had served as a surgeon in the Army of the
United States, and was breveted as a lieuten-
ant colonel—who had enjoyed office and honor
under the national Government—has been ex-
cluded from the Medical Society of the District
of Columbia on that old reason so often and
persistently urged, merely of color. It is true
that Dr. Augusta is guilty of a skin which is a
shade different from that prevailing in the
medical society, but nobody can impeach his
character or his professional position. Dr.
Purvis, another practitioner, obnoxious only
from the skin, was excluded at the same time.
There is no doubt that this was accomplished
by an organized effort, quickened by color-
phobia.
This exclusion, besides its stigma on a race,
is a practical injury to these gentlemen, and
their patients also, who are thus shut out from
valuable opportunities and advantages. By a
rule of the medical society "no member of
this association shall consult with or meet in a
professional way any resident practitioner of
the District who is not a member thereof after
said practitioner shall have resided six months
in said District." Thus do members of the
society constitute themselves a medical oli-
garchy. When asked to consult with Dr. Au-
gusta, some of them have replied, " We would
like to consult with Dr. Augusta ; we believe
him to be a good doctor; but he does not
belong to our society, and therefore we must
decline; but we will take charge of the case;"
and this has been sometimes done. Is not this
a hardship ? Should it be allowed to exist?
Details illustrate still further the character
of this wrong. These colored practitioners are
licensed like members of the society, but this
license does not give them the privilege of
attending the meetings of the society where
medical and surgical subjects are discussed, and
where peculiar and interesting cases with their
appropriate treatment are communicated for
the benefit of the profession ; so that they are
shut out from this interesting source of inform-
ation, which is like a constant education, and
also from the opportunity of submitting the
cases in their own practice.
I confess, sir, that I cannot think of the med-
ical profession at the national capital engaged
in this warfare on their colored brethren with-
out sentiments which it is difficult to restrain.
Their conduct in its direct effect degrades a
long-suffering and deeply-injured race, but it
also degrades themselves. Nobody can do
such a meanness without degradation. In my
opinion these white oligarchs ought to have
notice, and I give them notice now, that this
outrage shall not be allowed to continue with-
out remedy if lean obtain it through Congress.
The time has passed for any such pretension.
I hope, sir, there can be nonobjection to the
resolution. It ought to pass unanimously.
Who will array himself on the side of this
wrong?
Mr. PATTERSON._ I should like to ask the
Senator a question. 1 ask if this consultation
