2302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
guished career in the defense of his country against
foreign and domestic enemies, his never-faltering
faith and zeal in the maintenance of the Union and
the integri ty of the Government, and his stern execu-
tion of every trust confided to him, oonstituto a rec-
ord in life made memorable in death.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved. That the Presi-
dent of the Senate and the Speaker of the Houso are
herewith authorized to make such arrangements in
connection with his obsequies as will attest tho sym-
pathy of Congress at this national bereavement.
HOUSE BILL RBFliHKED.
Thebill (H. E. No. 1602) donating the marine
hospital at Natchez, Mississippi, to the State
of Mississippi for educational purposes, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor.
OFFICERS OF SOLDIERS* HOME.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire the indulgence
of the Senate for a moment while I ask them
to pass a joint resolution which has been re-
ported by the Committee on Military Affairs
with regard to the officers of the Soldiers'
Home.
Therebeing no objection, the jointresolutiou
(S. R. No. 107) relating to officers of the Sol-
diers' Home was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the law passed January 21,
1870, prohibiting the assignment of retired
Army officers to duty, shall not apply to officers
selected by the board of commissioners of the
Soldiers' Home, District of Columbia, for duty
at that institution, such selection being ap-
proved by the Secretary of War ; but they are
to receive from the Government only the pay
and emoluments allowed by law to retired
officers.
The joint resolution was reported to tlie'Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the proceedings
of the Board of Trade of Buffalo, in the State
of New York, calling attention to the import-
ance of improving the harbor of Duluth,
Minnesota, and asking that an appropriation
be made for that purpose. I move their refer-
ence to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed lo.
Mr. SHERMAN preseuted a resolution of
the General Assembly of the State of Ohio,
praying an appropriation for the benelit of the
Wiibet'force University, an institution of learn-
ing near the city of Xenia, in that State, where
admission is not denied to any one " on account
of race, color, or previous conditionwhich
was referred to the Committee on Education
and Labor.
Mr. HOWARD. I present a communica-
tion from W. L. Banning, president of the
Lake Superior and Mississippi Railroad Com-
pany, addressed to me. It suggests the pro-
priety of an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the liarbor at Duluth, in the State of
Minnesota. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I present a petition signed by
over one thousand citizens, merchants and
manufacturers, of Pittsburg and Alleghany,
Pennsylvania, praying for the entire abolition
of the income tax ; and I ask leave to accom-
pany its presentation with a statement not ex-
ceeding two minutes in length, Mr. President.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania will proceed if there be no
objection. The Chair hears none.
-Mr. SCOTT. The people acquiesced in the
payment of the income tax, reading in the law
that it was to be assessed upon their incomes,
salaries, dividends, and interest for the year
ending the 31st of December previous to its
payment, and that being thus assessed it was
to be levied on the 1st day of March and be
dueand payableon or before the30th of Aprilof
each year "until and including the year 1870,
and no longer." They then expected relief
under the operation of the law itself. Tho
officers of the Government, however, treating
the law as still existing, have collected the tax
upon salaries, dividends, interest, &e., accru-
ing and becoming payable after the 31st of
December, 1869. VVhatever of discontent was
felt and existed at the payment of the tax
legally imposed is now being every day inten-
sified and aggravated by the conviction that the
officers are illegally withholding this tax.
It was onerous enough when the law justified
it. It is made worse now by the fact that it is
the poor who have small annuities received
in dividends, in interest upon the coupons of
corporate bonds, and in salaries, who are pay-
ing it while the impression is general that upon
the larger incomes of the rich no income tax
can under the law bo assessed for the year
1870. This growing discontent ought to be
allayed at once. If it is intended ever to col-
lect. and renew the income tax I now call atten-
tion to it for the purpose of invoking action by
Congress as a duty to ourselves, to the coun-
try, and to the officers of the Government, that
they may no longer be subject to the imputa-
tion of unjustly and illegally collecting a tax
which by the terras of the law has expired. If
the action of the chairman of the Finance
Committee yesterday in reporting an amend-
ment to the former bill is to be considered as
the final action of tho committee on that sub-
ject, I will not have the petition referred to
that committee, but will move that it lie on the
table, and I hope there will be speedy action
upon the subject.
The petition was ordered to lie on tho table.
Mr. NORTON presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Minnesota, asking
for the establishment of a mail route from Sand
Creek to Oral, in Scott county, Minnesota;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
lie also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, asking for
mail service from Leroy, Mower county, via
Frankford and Hamilton to High Forest, Olm-
sted county; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SOHURZ presented a memorial of M.
McMillan and others, members of the Missouri
bar, in behalf of themselves and of the bar gen-
erally, praying for the increase of salaries for
United States judges, recommended by the Sen-
ate Judiciary Committee in the report made by
Senator Carpenter ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SCEURZ. I present also the petition
of General G. Cluseret, setting forth that he
has been unlawfully expelled from France,
and praying Congress to take such action as it
shall judge proper for securing to every Amer-
ican citizen while abroad under any circum-
stances a fair hearing and trial of his cause. I
move the reference of this petition to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petitions of
W. J. Haraldson, De Kalb county, Alabama;
and of Louis Wyeth, Marshall county, Ala-
bama, praying the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of Anna Ella Carroll, of Maryland,
praying compensation for valuable services
rendered to the Government of the United
States during the late rebellion in suggesting
certain plans of operation for the Army of the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of G.
H. Stottlemyer, Frederick county, Virginia;
of Robert B. Winston, Goochland county,
Virginia, and of John B. Goode, Powhatan
county, Virginia, praying for the removal of
their political disabilities; which were referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I present a
memorial signed by a very large number of
persons representing the Butchers' Union As-
sociation of the city of Washington, and others
doing business at and largely interested in
the Center Market in this city, respectfully and
most earnestly remonstrating against the pas-
sage of the House bill No. 1084, to incorpor-
ate the Washington Market Company. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Public
Bnildings and Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor ofthe removal
of the stray bands of Indians in that State ;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of the enactment
of a law granting a bounty of $8 33J pet-
month to all honorably discharged soldiers ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin,in favor of an appropriation
for the erection of a custom-house and post
office building in the city of Green Bay, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. CATTELL. I present a number of
memorials, very numerously signed by citizens
of New Jersey, which have accumulated during
my necessary absence from the Senate, asking
for the abolition of the franking privilege. 1
move that they lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of Thad-
deus D. Bryson, of Jackson county, North
Carolina, praying the removal of his political
"disabilities; which was referred to the sclect
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. REVELS presented the petition of J.
A. P. Campell, of Mississippi, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FENTON presented resolutions of the
Board of Trade of Buffalo, New York, iu favor
of an appropriation for the improvement of
Duluth harbor, Lake Superior; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petitions of
James M. McGowan, E. R. Liles, T. S.Crowson,
Moses Kendall, and Elis D. Gaddy, of North
Carolina, praying the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented the petition of John B.
Gorman, praying that a pension be granted to
Rebecca Shoemaker; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee on
Patents, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No, 1492) for the relief of JohnYoung, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom were
referred the bill (H. R. No. 702) for the relief
of Emmor Ware, the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 207) for the relief of Henry N. Galpin,
postmaster at Berlin, Connecticut, and the
joint, resolution (II. R. No. 210) for the relief
of Thomas E; Scott, late postmaster at Cerro
Gordo, Illinois, reported them severally with-
out amendment.
Mr. WILLEY. The Committee on Patents,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 622)
for the relief of William H. Farquhar, have
instructed me to report it back, and to say
that in the opinion of the committee it ought
not to pass. I move its indefinite postpone-
ment; and I will avail myself of a moment
bimply to say., with the hope that the remark
may attract the attention of the country, and
