1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5135
in the following February, sell to reliable par-
ties his interest for the sum of $1,000, agreeing
to defend the purchasers in all the rights he
had conveyed to them. Suits, however, were
soon instituted against hitn for interference,
which were continued in the courts at a heavy
expense, and resulted in an almost entire sus-
pension of the business of manufacturing plows.
But those suits were at length decided in his
favor. The expenses connected wioh thus
securing the patent were greater than the ad-
vantages he derived from his invention. In
1868 he applied in proper form for an exten-
sion of his patent; but, owing to a verbal
mistake in his papers, the Commissioner of
Patents was misled in his estimate of the real
merits of the ease, and refused an extension.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That is
sufficient.
Mr. LAWRENCE. _ I should like some fur-
ther explanation of this case.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I do not deem it
necessary to take up time to explain the mat-
ter any farther; it is a clear case, and the Com-
mittee on Patents were unanimous in reporting
this bill. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PREEMPTION BIGHTS.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask leave to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved', d'c., That nocourtortribun.il in tlioUni-
ted States shall construe any existing law or act of
. Congress as defeating orrendering invalid any home-
stead or preemption claim when an equity has once
attached in favor of such claim, except for abandon-
ment alone.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot allow
the call of committees to be interrupted for
that purpose.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well, sir. I with-
draw the resolution.
HBIltS OF JETHRO WOOD.
Mr. MYERS, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2361) for the
relief of the heirs of Jethro Wood, the inventor
of the modern plow; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The preamble of the bill recites that Jethro
Wood, of Cayuga county, New York, was the
inventor of the cast-iron plow now universally
used in this country, but died in poverty after
devoting his fortune and his life to the intro-
duction of his art; and that few men have
conferred a greater benefit on mankind than
he did by the invention and practical applica-
tion of this improvement. The bill directs the
Secretary ofthc Treasury to pay to Phosbe Wood
and Sylvia Ann Wood, daughters of Jethro
Wood, deceased, in trust for the heirs of said
Jethro Wood, the sum of $25,000, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is there a report in this
case?
Mr. MYERS. There is a report.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will reserve any point
of order against this bill until the report can
1^0 1*0^^
Mr. MYERS. If it is the wish of the House
to hear it, it can be read; but it is an elaborate
report, and will require some ten minutes for
its reading.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think it had better be
read.
Mr. MYERS. I hope the gentleman will pay
attention to its reading.
The report was read. It states that the
Committee on Patents are satisfied, from the
abundant testimony submitted to them, that
Jethro Wood practically accomplished for the
farmer what Fulton accomplished for the navi-
gator; that like Fulton he died before it was
possible for him, under the peculiar circum-
stances, to reap the reward to which he was
entitled. He was the first man who invented
anil put into practical application and use the
cast-iron plow. Singular as it may appear,
before this invention the improvements in this
much needed implement were made at long
intervals of time, and failed to result in any
important benefit to mankind.
The report further states that until this in
vention was made the old-fashioned wooden
plow was universally used in this country, with
its heavy wrought-iron share offering great re-
sistance and requiring great power of draught.
Jethro Wood improved the form of the mold-
board, constructed the several parts of cast-
iron, and in such manner that they could be
speedily and strongly put together ; made the
plow far lighter of draught and easier to be
guided, and not only reduced the original cost
fifteen dollars a plow, but effected a great
saving of time and expense which previously
became necessary for constant repairs.
The report further states that additional par-
ticulars need not be cited, because every agri-
culturist is familiar with the details of this most
useful invention; that it is sufficientto add that
the Jethro Wood plow was finally adopted,
and in its essential features is in universal use
throughout our country. This result, however,
was only effected after the struggle through
which a meritorious inventor seems always fated
to pass. When Jethro Wood made his first
improvement, at which he labored many years
of his life, until its perfection in 1819, he was
kuown as a rich man, with a homestead of
hundreds of acres and a comfortable income.
The great prejudice of the farmers against any
innovation, the large expense of easting mold-
boards in many shapes until the desired one
was obtained, the necessity of compensating
incredulous manufacturers unwilling to assume
what they called a great risk, soon deprived
him not only of his fortune, but nearly all the
profits of his new art which was then beginning
to be appreciated.
Nor was this all. In order to convince it
was necessary to a certain degree to give a
public use to the article. It soon became
pirated, and when suits were commenced the
then defective state of our patent laws allowed
the infringers to escape. In 1839 the law
was at last altered so as to permit two years'
use of an invention prior to the application for
a patent without abandonment to the public ;
but even then Jethro Wood was met by decis-
ions that this did not apply to patents issued
before the passage of the act. It was not until
1845—several years after Jethro W ood had died
in poverty, leaving a large family totally unpro-
vided for—that on a full trial before Justice
Nelson, of the circuit court at Albany, it was
decided that the act of 1839 applied to patents
granted before its passage : and all the ques-
tions of law and fact were determined in favor
of the Jethro Wood invention.
Shortly after the patent expired, and on
several occasions since application was made
to Congress for its extension in favor of the
heirs, being two married and two single daugh-
ters of said Wood, and the child and grand-
child of two deceased sons. In three Con-
gresses as many reports were made upon those
applications ; and twice a bill passed the Senate
granting the extension. But these bills failed
in the House, because the farmers, while urging
that a money relief should be given to the chil-
dren of this public benefactor, were unwilling
to pay it in the shape of a continued royalty.
The bill reported by the committee offers
such relief to a very liiaited degree, taking
into consideration the important progress in
this art attained by Jethro Wood and the great
benefits he conferred upon the public. But i
the sum of $25,000, which it g;ves, will, in the I
opinion of the committee, alleviate at least
the wants of his family, and show the grati-
tude of the nation to one whose useful inven-
tion has added comfort and wealth as well as
honor to the people.
Mr. RANDALL. I raise the point of order
that this bill involves an appropriation, and
must go to the Committee of the Whole. I
will not press the point if the gentleman hav-
ing charge of the bill will assent to a proposi-
tion to reduce the amount. I agree that this
is a meritorious claim in many respects, but I
consider $25,000 an excessive amount. I will
not press my point if the gentleman will agree
that the judgment of the House shall be taken
as to the amount.
Mr. MYERS. I will.
Mr. ASPER. 1 raise the point of order,
and insist on it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order; and the bill must go to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calen-
dar.
Mr. MYERS. The Committee on Patents
have unanimously authorized me to move to go
into Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar for the consideration of this bill.
Pending that motion, I move that all debate
in Committee of the Whole on this bill term-
inate in fifteen minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. My colleague understands
that I do not press the point, since he agrees
that the amount to be paid shall be settled by
the House.
Mr. MYERS. I have no objection to that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I raise the point of order
that it is not in order to move to go into the
Committee of the Whole during the morning
hour.
Mr. MYERS. The motion is made during
the hour belonging to our committee, and is
made in behalf of the committee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman is of
course aware that other bills in the Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar will have
to be first considered.
The SPEAKER. It would be within tho
power of the Committee of the Whole to lay
aside other bills. The Chair regards the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Myers] as in order.
Mr. PAINE. The adoption of the motion
would interfere with the arrangements made by
unanimous consent, in reference to election
cases.
The SPEAKER. It would not necessarily
do so, because the Committee of the Whole
could rise in season to take up the business
of the Committee of Elections at the time
assigned.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does my colleague [Mr.
Myers] move to go into Committee of the
Whole on this bill ?
The SPEAKER. No; the motion could not
be entertained in that form. The motion, as
the Chair understands, is that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole upon the
Private Calendar. The Committee of the
Whole can lay aside intervening bills by a
majority vote.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
01, noes 39.
Mr. MYERS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Myers and
Mr. Asper were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes sixty-nine, noes not counted.
Mr. MYERS. I withdraw my motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, and move to suspend the
rules to discharge that committee from the
further consideration of that bill, and that it
be taken up and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is it in order to move
to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. It is, during the last ten
days of the session, in order to move a sus-
pension of the rules, and this is the first of
