1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4191
not make the gain withoot submitting to the
loss, let us see exactly how much the country
would save by the passage of the bill just as it
comes from the committee. We will suppose
that the new banks authorized by the bill are
established, and the old banks have all substi-
tuted four and a half per cent, bonds for the
five and six per cents. The national bank cir-
culation then would amount to $395,000,000.
By reference to the twelfth section of the bill
we find that the tax on circulation is reduced
from one per cent, per annum to one half of
one per cent., which would result in a loss to
the Government of—
One half per cent, en $300,000,000 $1,500,000
Loss resulting from the substitution of
national bank notes for greenbacks and
three per cent, certificates  3,223,502
Total loss  1,728,502
Deduct gain to Government from the sub-
stitution by the banks of four and a half
per cent, bonds for those bearing five and
six per cent $1,053,687
Premium on gold  507,516
   4,621,205
Loss by the transaction, estimated in cur-
rency  $102,299
From this estimate I have excluded the rev-
enue which the friends of the bill claim the
Government would derive from the new banks
in the way of license tax, tax on deposits and
net earnings, for the very good reason that all
the Government would gain from these sources
it would lose m consequence of the diminution
of the number and business of private banks,
resulting from the conversion of private banks
into national, oi tlteii entire displacement.
Nor have I taken into the account the expense
the Government would necessarily incur in the
way of engraving, printing, and famishing the
circulating notes required by the new banks,
the first cost of which would not be less than
$300,000, and the annual cost thereafter at
least $12,000. Nor have I taken into consid-
eration the cost to the Government of substi-
tuting $100,000,000 new bonds for old, which
in estimating the advantages or disadvantages
of this bill should be considered. Nor have I
calculated the cost of the additional clerical
force, blanks, postage, stationery, and print-
ing which these new batiks would renocr neces-
sary in the Currency Bureau. The amount of
business in that bureau would bo increased
one fourth, and the expenses probably increased
in about the same proportion. So that if the
bill should accomplish all that its friends claim,
it would increase the taxes over one hundred
thousand dollars and diminish the currency
of the country $9,000,000. _
Those sections of the bill providing lor the
organization of banks whose circulation shall
bo redeemable in gold I regard as of no im-
portance, for the simple reason that the prop-
osition is at this time impracticable. Gold
banks will come with resumption ; for this the
country is not now prepared, and every effort
on the part of Congress to hasten it will but
put the day fuitlier off by creating hopes and
expectations which will be followed by disap-
pointment and failure. The greenback is grad-
ually and surely approaching the gold stand-
ard. We are moving toward resumption quite
rapidly enough for the prosperity of the coun-
try. Every sudden start forward mouceci by
legislation will in the future, as in the past, be
followed by reaction, and both the advance ana
retreat will derange business and create Wide-
spread and general dissatisfaction. _
The section of the bill which provides lor a
more equitable distribution of the national
banking currency has my unqualihed approval.
<" If, coupled with this, thecommitteehadauthor-
ized additional national bank circulation, with
no provision for retiring an equal aiaoun. ot
greenbacks, I would have voted with them most
cheerfully, for such an act would increase the
general volume of currency, give all the advan-
tages which national banks may aliord to tae
' West and the South, and be, in my opinion,
generally satisfactory to the people of the
whole country.
Mr. DYER. Mr. Speaker, there has not
been, nor is it at all likely that there will be
before Congressatitspresentsession, ameasure
which so immediately interests the people of
the western and southern States as a proposi-
tion to redistribute the national bank currency,
'and to provide for an additional issue equal to
the increased demand and necessity for it.
It is now near the close of a session of Con-
gress extending over a period of seven months,
yet but little has been done toward the relief
so urgently demanded by the people of the
West and South.
It shall not be my purpose to discuss the wis-
dom of the legislation of a former Congress
authorizing the establishment of national banks
and the issue of national currency, nor to dis-
cuss the propriety of substituting the "notes
ofthe Government," commonly called "green-
backs," for the present circulation of national
bank currency ; for whatever my views might
be in that regard, or however much it might
conduce to the best interests of the country
were that accomplished, it must be apparent to
all that such a proposition has not the ghost
of a chance to become a law at this session of
Congress, even if the House were to jsass such
a bill. The Senate has in a most positive and
emphatic manner declared its opposition to a
further issue of " notes of the Government,"
and it would be more than unwise in me or
any one else to detain the House in the consid-
eration of a matter where there is no chance to
accomplish any practical good. We must deal
with men and thiugs as they arc, and not as
we would like to have them.
What we need in the West is immediate
relief, and to accomplish that by the speediest,
most practicable, and surest manner is my pur-
pose. I shall therefore confine my remarks
to the bill as reported by the Banking and
Currency Committee, and try to show its effect,
should it become a law, upon the people whose
interests alone should have guided the com-
mittee in preparing the bill. And in doing so
T shall speak of it as in my judgment it deserves
to be spoken of, and to expose as well as I
can its enormities.
if the committee had given its entire time
during the present session of Congress to the
consideration of a measure calculated to defeat
I the very end our people had in view and
desired accomplished, no better or stronger
measure could have been prepared andreported
to this House.
Sir, the provisions of the bill are not only
such as will, in my judgment, effectually pro-
hibit a further issue of currency, but puts
beyond all hope a correction of the unjust and
unequal distribution of it. It prohibits an
increase in the volume of currency, and pro-
vides for the increase of the national debt and
the consequent increase of the burdens of
taxation.
There are but few, Mr. Speaker, at either
end of this Capitol who have the hardihood,
in the face of the facts in the ease, to dispute
that the currency has been most unjustly and
unfairly distributed, yet there are but fewof
the Representatives from the States enjoying
the monopoly who seem disposed to aid us in
getting a fair measure through Congress.
If the committee had been disposed to deal
fairly by the West aud South, and obeyed the
positive instructions of the House, they would
have reported a bill providing—
First, for a redistribution of the currency by
witiidrawing from States in excess and giving
to those not having their prorata.
Second, for an additional issue of currency to
the amount of $50,000,000, to be issued to the
people of the western and southern States
uoou the same terms, conditions, aud limita-
tions, and none other, as weie imposed in the
original act authorizing the establishment of
national banks and the issue of national cur-
rency.
Would there have been any thi ng wrong, u nj ust,
or unfair in these propositions, Mr. Speaker ?
By reference to the last-annual report of the
Secretary of the Treasury it will be seen that
of the $300,000,000 of currency authorised to
be issued by the act of Congress approved June
3, 1864—
Massachusetts lias  457,046.930
Rhode Island has......  12,'186,000
Connecticut has       17.433.078
New York has  08,553,173
Total $155,520,983
making a total in those four States alone of
more than one half of the entire amount of the
currency authorized to be issued under that act.
Now take four of our largest and most popu -
lous States in the West and you will find
that 
Indiana has   $1! ,017,627
Illinois has  9,9)0,275
Missouri has  4,161,525
Iowa has   ..  3,217,077
Total $28,319,504
Massachusetts alone has more than double
the amount of currency the great States of
Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, and Iowa together,
and if it were possible to take up the entire
State of Massachusetts and put it down in one
of our western prairies in either of the States
I have named it would be almost as difficult to
find as are the lines run by United States sur-
veyors in the primitive days of the Republic.
In 1801 my own State had a bank-note cir-
culation of $8,201,815, or about double the
circulation she now has. Our State bank aud
its several branches were established upon a
gold basis, and its paper passed as current and
was received with as much confidence as gold
itself. There was no premium upon it, but
people sought it in preference to gold because
it was easier of transportation and more con-
venient as a circulating medium. This entire
circulation of more than eight million dollars
has been forced out of existence by the tax of
ten per cent, imposed by Congress upon it.
During the time that we had this amount of
circulation business of all kinds was flourishing
in Missouri, and money easy to obtain at from
six to eight per cent, per annum. Now, under
the system of national banks, wc have but a
little over four millions of currency, aud at
some seasons of the year money cannot be had
at any price.
There has been a constant and continuous
drain from the western States of their circula-
tion, while there has been a corresponding
increase in the eastern States.
The six New England States I kave named
had a total circulation of bank paper in 1861
of $44,991,285, while now, under the national
banking system, they have $101,509,919, or an
increase of $00,000,000. These States have
more than doubled their circulation, while my
own State has been deprived of half the amount
it had in 1801; and this in the face of the fact
that there are to-day in Missouri more people
by half a million than at that time.
It will be seen by an examination of the last
census tables that Massachusetts had a popu-
lation of but 1,123X,OG6, while the four western
States 1 have named had a total population of
4,919,301, or four times as great as Massachu-
! setts, and with but one half of the circulation.
! Rhode Island, with a population of but
I 171,020, has a national bank circulation of
$12,486,900; while Missouri, with a population
of 1,182,012—seven tunes as great—has but
$1,161,525 of currency, or about one third the
amount. Rhode Island has a circulation of
more than seventy dollars for each man, woman,
and child in her borders, while my own State
has but four. _ _
Connecticut,with apopulation of but460,l a/,
has national bunk currency to the amount of
$17,4:33,978, or nearly forty dollars for each
man, woman, and child in the State ; while
Illinois,with a population of 1,711,„ol, nearly
four times as great as
Connecticut, has but
$9,950,275 in currency, or about live Uouars a
