346
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
/Lay 17,
Ho. op Reps.
Naval Appropriations—Mr. Cox.
41st Cong'....2d Sess.
were suppressed. We have been called on to
appropriate $2,000,000 because certain appro-
priations were exhausted; in plain words, a
deficiency. But why was this fact withheld
from the Secretary of the Treasury when mak-
ing up his book of estimates? Why was not
Congress apprised of these deficiencies in the
Navy Department, as in other Departments, so
that it could have been prepared to meet the
exigency deliberately, instead of being over-
whelmed and compelled to legislate under whip
and spur without proper deliberation? The
maladministration of the Department caused
the dismissal of six thousand men in mid-winter,
and an appropriation in the nature of a charity
has been asked from the Treasury. What is
the use of the published volume of estimates,
if one or more of the Departments is permitted
to slur over its deficiencies and to evade a true
statement of its affairs? The expenditure of
millions beyond the appropriations in a time
of peace is appalling, and the Secretary and
his advisers were doubtless alarmed when they
saw they had so immensely transcended the
limits assigned them ; but they had no right to
withhold from the Representatives ofthe people,
and from the'people themselves, the actual con-
dition of that Department ofthe Government.
Is this honest, straightforward administration?
Is it good government?
To these strictures there have been two
replies attempted. One by the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn,] and the other by
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale.] The
latter has not yet printed his speech. The
newspaper rcpovtsays that he charged me with
" aspersions and insinuations against the Navy
Department." The other gentleman [Mr.
Wasithurn] charges ine with "misrepresent-
ations." Yet, strange as it may seem, the
former charge is answered by the latter gen-
tleman. The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
WasiiiiuhnJ confirms my criticism upon the
irresponsible relation of Admiral Fori or in the
Department. Here is what ho says:
" Tho present head of the Department, I am sure,
is disposed to oorroot. abusos and diseountommoe
extravagance and inaffioioncy. How l'ar ho is ham-
pered by influences that disrosard law and regard
tho Navy aa tho property of a favored few. to he
used for tho glorification of themselves, friends, anil
flatterers,is not for rootomiy; hut loan uadurohiin
that neither tho Nuvy generally iloi tlio publio are
satisfied that an irresponsible party should stand
between him and the bureaus ofthe Department,
tho officers of tho Navy and pooplo ot tho United
States."
He admits tho "abuses, extravagance, and
inefficiency.'' lie charges that the Secretary
is hampered by influences that disregard law ;
regard the Navy as tho ptoperty of a favored
few, to be used for the glorification of them-
selves, friends, and flatterers : that there is
therein an "irresponsible party who stands
between the Secretary and the bureaus of tho
Department, the officers, and the people of the
United States."
How far the Secretary is hampered by these
harpies, these reckless contemners of law, these
favored few, these friends and flatterers, " is not
for me to say," says the gentleman. Oh I it is
proper criticism of an opponent of this Admin
istration I indulged in. it was for me to say
it. Jf it is not forthe gentleman to say it, will
he rise and tell me why ? lie is a frank, sol-
dierly, fair man. He means no wrong, no dis-
honesty, no hiding, no disregard of law, no
hampering by parasites, no hampering of Sec-
retaries. Come then, sir, I say it, and you
must back me. _ Say it in plain words, as I said
it j not in indefinite phraseology. Give names
and hide no material facts. Let him say on
what he based these general statements. 1
demand to know. The people demand it; my
people as well f)s Jjis ; they alike pay the taxes
which go to the flatterers and flunkies of the
Navy. Jf he believes what he says, how can he
vote supplies to be used by this Department
before it is thoroughly reformed?
What is our duty as a Congress if we cannot
correct these abuses ? Is it for letting the light
in upon this disgraceful condition, that I am
to be charged with "misrepresentations?" If
so, I demand, as the Representative of a dis-
trict which is directly interested in commerce,
which is an enormous tax-paying district, as
well as a Representative interested in the
honor of the Government and in its correct
administration, that the gentleman should
specify who he means by this irresponsible
party and the hampering parasites of the De-
partment? Who stands between the people
and this Department? Are there two heads
to this Department? Is one responsible with-
out power, the other potential without account-
ability ? If this be so, why does not the gen-
tleman, as a condition to these grants of money,
demand a correction of these flagrant abuses ?
Are these parties connected with or contribu-
tiveto this inefficiency and extravagance? If
so, had not the gentleman from Maine better
begin his reform on the Administration or
break a lance with its organ hero before he
charges on me?
I am sure the Democratic opposition in this
House jiave not. been unduly harsh in their
denunciation ofthe abuses ofthe Administra-
tion. We have been rather too meek. Whether
in the foreign or domestic service, whether on
economy, finance, or reconstruction, the Ad-
ministration has been preserved, ever since
the feeble inaugural ami the still more feeble
message, from criticism, by the magnificent
impotence which has marked its expressions,
and the utter inadequacy of language to ex-
press its lamentable" performances. Ineffi-
ciency, abuses, and extravagance are "weak,
frail terms to designate it. It was hardly ne-
cessary for the Opposition to mention what has
been so well said by its own friends. And, in
my judgment, there never was a more con-
temptible exhibit made of inefficiency and
abuse than in the Navy Department.
Wherein, then, consists the misrepresenta-
tion alleged by the gentleman, [Mr. Wash-
hurx? j Perhaps I may find an answer in this
sentence ofthe gentleman :
"The Kcnllcman from Now York I Mr. Cn.s ] soma
timo since made a speech in which he urraiprned the
Navy Department, and made the statement, that there
li.nl been expended on the jVu }, in tho last, year,
(82,716 HV'
Now, ] said no .such thing. The gentleman
must have read my speech; he called at my
desk for it. He has no excuse for lnismler-
preting it. I said that since 1st March, 180'.),
the Navy Department had received that,tmotml,
and that (by Doc. No. 79) all that remained
unexpended of this amount on tho 80th Sep-
tember, 1870, would be required for the year
ending .June 30, 1870, deducting 31,000,000
forprovisions ; so that in sixteen months, from
1st March, 1809—not one year, as alleged—■
the Navy will have'spent $36,782,710. In
addition to this are the transfers or refunding,
$7,799,37;!. As this is a part of tho expend-
iture, then in sixteen months, there will bo
$•14,082,089 expended.
There is no controverting the statement in
my speech of February 19 last, referred to by
the gentleman, except it will be in the word
'•received." The balances in the Treasury to
the credit of the Navy Department on tho 1st
March were $21,912,185 35. There was appro-
priated for thecurrentfiscalyear$15,870,53160.
Total, $37,782,716 95. Technically, thismoney
was not received into the custody of the De-
partment and the cash paid out by the Secre-
tary. The Department does not receive and
pay out money. Funds are drawn by requisi-
tion on the Treasury and disbursed by the
proper officers. The balances in the Treasury
on the 1st of March, 1869, to the credit of the
Navy, and the appropriations for the current
fiscalyear, amounting to $37,782,716 95, have
passed into tho control of the Navy Depart-
ment, and all that has not been expended is
still in the Treasury. As no exhibit has been
made, and Congress will not pass or lias not
passed the resolution of inquiry which I pre
sented, the facts must be gathered from such
data as are accessible. We know what was in
the Treasury to the credit of the Navy, as above
stated. We know the Department came to
Congress at the close of the seventh month of
the current fiscal year and said the appropria-
tions in the two bureaus where the principal ex-
penditures are made, those of Construction and
Steam-Engineering, were exhausted, and that
there were balances on hand in other bureaus
to the amount of $3,000,000 or more, which
they wished transferred to those bureaus, in
order to carry them through the year.
We know some six or eight thousand work-
men were summarily dismissed from the navy-
yards in midwinter because there was no money
to pay them. The appropriations were ex-
pended, the means deficient, though the Sec-
retary had not reported any deficiency in the
Navy Department, as the heads of the other
Departments had done, and as it was his duty
to have done; nor did he make an exhibit of
balances on hand on the 30th of June, the close
of the last fiscal year, or the available funds on
hand on the 1st of July, the commencement
of tho current fiscal year, in conformity to law
and the usage of his predecessors.
Of the $21,912,185 35 in the Treasury last
March there undoubtedly were some specific
appropriations, but of no very large amount.
They have either been paid out or they remain
on hand. No one outside the Department,
knows, and the Department does not inform
us. Limited as those specific appropriations
may be, small in amount, they are, perhaps,
a part of the two or three millions which tin-
Secretary desired should be transferred to
"Construction" and " Steam-Engineering,"
to eke out the fiscal year ending next June.
It was not stated by me that the $37,782.-
716 95, less $1,000,000 forpovisions had been
expended. The amount expended could not
bo ascertained from tho obscure and confused
statement of the Secretary; but "by document
No. 79 it is stated that all which remained,
unexpended of this large amount on the 30th
of September will be required for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1870, with the exception
ot ,$1,000,000 under the appropriation for pro-
visions, so that in sixteen months from tho 1st
of March last the Navy Department will have
spent §36,782,716 95." This is the statement,
on Ihe second column of page 4 of my speech,
which the gentleman must have read. Now,
what are the facts? The official documents
and records in the Navy Department show that
the balance in the Treasury on the 1st of March,
1869, to tho credit of the Navy was $21,912,-
185 35; the appropriation for tho fiscal year
commencing 1st July was $15,870,531 60. Total
of balance and appropriation, §37,782,716 95.
What portion of this amount had been ex-
pended on the 30t,h of June, the close of the
fiscal year, the Secretary was very careful to
suppress and keep from the knowledge of Con-
gress and the country. He was equally studi-
ous to keep them in ignorance of the available
resources of tho Department on the 1st of
July, the commencement of the current fiscal
year. All these facts we have been accustomed
to have irom preceding Secretaries. There
was some reason, undoubtedly, for evading the
usual annual exhibit. The Secretary and Vice
Admiral Porter who is, by some incompre-
hensible process unknown to the law, made
the supervising genius of this badly managed,
much muddled, and wasteful Department, have
