1360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
to them by the fifteenth amendment, and by
the constitutions of these States, then I shall
be ready to render my aid most heartily and
gladly. But it is because I believe these
restrictions are not wise and statesmanlike,
because I believe they are not calculated to
subserve the ends which they are intended to
meet, that 1 shall vote against them; and I shall
vote against them in the interest of liberty,
in the interest of universal and equal human
rights. I shall vote against them in the interest
of the loyal people of the South of all races,
and I shall vote against them in the interest
of the colored people of the South as unwise
and unstatesmanlike.
Mr. THAYER. It would be interesting to
hear the answer of the Senator, from South
Carolina, whom I do not now see in his seat,
[Mr. Sawyer.] and the Senator from Alabama
[Mr. Warner] to this question. If they con-
sidered, as the Senator from Alabama has
stated that he does, the conditions which we
have imposed as insulting to those States, how
could he consistently coine into this body and
occupy a seat here as a Senator from Alabama?
If these conditions are degrading and insult-
ing, why do not the Senators protest, or rather
turn their backs upon Congress and go home
to their people, and report that their States
could not be admitted upon honorable condi-
tions, but that conditions were imposed upon
them which were degrading and dishonorable?
Then they would have acted with some degree
of consistency with the views which they now
preseut. Sir, I would not have taken my seat
in this Chamber if a dishonor was put upon
the State which I was sent here to represent.
As honorable as is the position of a Senator
of the United States, I would have turned my
back upon the place if my State was to be
degraded by conditions which I did not regard
as honorable.
The Territories of Minnesota, Of Oregon, and
of Nevada were admitted as States without con-
ditions. The Territory of Nebraska applied for
admission. A condition was imposed upon her
which had never been imposed on any other
State. As one of the Senators sent here I did
not regard it as degrading or dishonorable, but
I rejoiced that the Senate of the United States
originated the condition, that the Congress of
the United States put a condition upon the
then incoming State of Nebraska in favor of |
equal rights to all men who walk this earth; !
and I'thank God to-day that that condition was
imposed uj>on that State, for it left us to inaugu i
rate the *eign 6f equal rights, of equal justice, i
of equal protection to every citizen, the hum- \
blest as well as the most exalted.-
Sir, these Sehators have sat here for rf&arly i
two years, and never until within the last
three weeks did we hear their voices raised
against the conditions which were imposed
upon South Carolina and Alabama. Are they
retidy to confess to-day that they have sat here
all this time conscious that Congress inflicted
a dishonor upon their States when we admitted
them? Why have they been so long silent?
These conditions were idiposed upon those
States. Are they so anxious now to apply a
different rule to other States? Are they so
anxious, now to make an exception in favor
of Mississippi and against tbeir own 8tates?
Are they willing to say td their own people that
they have sat here for nearly two years with a ;
stain of dishonor, of unfairness, and injustice
resting upon their States, and have never until
to-day said a word against-it?' If such be their
desire they are able, I suppose, to take the ;
responsibility. |
But the Senators talk about invidious dis- j
tinction, and about their States being the peers !
of any and all other States. Sir, I say here in '
the Senate that any State or any people which
violates its constitutional obligations, which ;
forswears its allegiance to this central Govern- ]
ment of the United States and embarks in acivil !
war to destroy this nation, is not the peer of a i
State whose record is pure and guiltless before i
God and the world. If Massachusetts repeats
the act of South Carolina then let us chain her
down with conditions. Sir, they do not stand
in the same relation with the other States when
we are restoring them, because they have been
guilty of a great national crime. This whole
nation has been rent with civil war ; there has
been the commission of the crime of treason ;
nearly half a million men have been laid
low in the grave because certain States have
followed out this doctrine of State rights. Let
it be understood that any State, North or
South, that perpetrates this crime shall suffer
some little penalties ; let it be understood that
she shall give some guarantee for her good con-
duct in the future, and her people ought to be
thankful to Heaven that they are permitted to
come back with so slight conditions as these
which we impose upon them.
A man who has violated the law is required
to suffer the penalty; he is required to give
security for his good behavior in the future ;
and it is the essence of all just law. Let these
States understand that they must give some
guarantee for their good behavior in the future.
That man who is guilty of a violation of the
law stands in a different position from that one
who has violated no law. And when we are
restoring theseStates everyone of them stands
in a different relation to the Union from the
other States which have not committed the
crime of treason ; and it is no degradation to
impose these conditions upon those States.
We only ask, not indemnity for the past, but
security for the future ; and it is the voice, an-
nounced ayear ago last autumn, of the Amer-
ican people, that the securities for the future
should be insisted on and maintained. If
they are carried out in good faith, if these
guaranteesare complied with, then these States
are on a footing with every other State in the
Union. But the State that has been guilty of
this great crime must submit to some restric-
tions as the condition of her restoration, and
it must not be regarded as dishonoring to her
to require them." This nation has suffered too
much to receive these States back without the
proper guarantees against future rebellion and
future difficulty. Security for the future is
what we ask, and it is all we ask—security that
these States shall not again repeat their trea-
sonable acts, and that all the people of the
States shall be equal in the presence of law
and of justice and of the Government. Then
there will be a restored Union, and peace will
dwell within all our borders.
But I do protest against this doctrine that
we are perpetrating a wrong or a dishonor
upon these States because we require of them
pledges that they shall not repeat their crim-
inal deeds. Sir, we have not passed too far
away from the rebellion-to forget its character,
and we have not passed too far off from the
scenes through which we passed in the fiery trial
to let the thing go by 'so easily; but it becomes
our duty in dealing with these States to require
every guarantee for their present and their
future security.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I am un-
willing to prolong this debate so far as I am
concerned; but the Senator from Nebraska
who has just taken his seat has so thoroughly
misstated or misapprehended the tenor of the
remarks I had the honor to make to the Sen-
ate this morning that I feel constrained t6 say
a word or two in reply to what he has said.
I am not aware that I on this floor or any-
where else have ever expressed the opinion
that the conditions which are proposed in this
bill are degrading or dishonoring to the State
of Mississippi, or the State of Virginia, or any
other State.
Mr. THAYER. With permission of the
Senator, I will say with pleasure that that re-
mark fell not from "the Senator from South Caro-
lina, but in substance it fell from the Senator
from Alabama. In answering it I coupled both
together; but I did not mean to impute to the
Senator from South Carolina that remark.
Mr. WARNER. Allow me to f-ay that my
remark was that the restrictions were ati insult
to her honesty by casting a doubt on her good
faith in adopting the constitution.
Mr. SAWYER. I agree perfectly with the
Senator from Nebraska that some conditions
were necessary to be imposed on these States
prior to their restoration. I have been willing
to go as far as the farthest in securing for the
future, on the part of the United States, a
guarantee that the errors of the past should
not be repeated, and it is in the interest of that
security that I protest against the imposition of
conditions which can have no good result. It is
not that 1 do not believe the Congress of the
United States have entire power to impose them
if they are necessary ; but, although the Con-
gress of the United States may have the power
under the Constitution to do many acts, they
may not have the moral right to do acts which
will defeat the true purposes of their legisla-
tion. It is because I regard the imposition of
these conditions as injurious that I oppose it ;
not because I think the people of those States
by their rebellion have not deserved to be dealt
with ; not because I do not wish to make secure
the future and to make all men's rights equal
before the law ; but because I see in these con-
ditions nothing which tends to establish that
security, nothing which tends to prevent the
repetition of the offenses by which the war was
brought about.
I have passed through the fiery ordeal of
which the honorable Senator makes mention,
and perhaps my recollections of it are as vivid
as his. I certainly think I have more reason
to know what that fiery ordeal meant; and if
I did not believe that we had just as much
power in the Constitution of the United States
in the provisions which are already a part of
that instrument as we should have by any enact-
ment which it is in the power of Congress to
make, I certainly would not say a word against
these conditions. But why put into an enact-
ment on the statute-book that which rests on
the surer and safer foundation of the organic
law of the Government? Why put these con-
ditions in here when they are no whit necessary
to the purpose for which the bill is brought
before us ?
I claim that I do not sit here as the repre-
sentative of a State which was admitted under
the conditions which are imposed by this bill.
The condition which was imposed in the case
of South Carolina, North Carolina, and several
of the other States was one of the many funda-
mental conditions which it is proposed to put
here; but it is proposed here to go into minutiae
that were not then thought of, and God knows
but if another State should come here next
week there would be some new fundamental
condition suggested by some Seriator in his zeal
to go minutely into the details of everything
which the Government may think it has power
to do.
No, Mr. President, I do not believe that these
provisions are wise. I believe that we have the
poweT to impose them. I do not believe the
State which comes in under them will be dis-
honored or insulted; but I say again I question
that policy which shall say to the people of
those States in advance, "We expect you to
break your faith." I do not expect them to
break that faith. I see that they have adopted
the fourteenth and fifteenth articles of amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States.
Those two acts themselves show a great change
in the sentiment of the people of those States.
And in reply to the remark of the Senator from
Missouri, who asked the Senator from Alabama
how many of those men who voted for Seymour
and Blair he thought had got rid of their rebel-
ism, to use his word, I would say that a great
majority of them are now in act loyal to the
Government; not that they would not prefer
that the confederate States government should
have been established, but that they have given
up all hope of it and that they obey the law in
practice. I do not expect them to love the rod
