2304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31.
Mr. STEWART. Let us take the vote.
Mr. SUMNER. X do not care abouta vote.
If there is a general desire of Senators not to
go into executive session'to-day I shall not press
the motion.
Mr. STEWART. That is the general desire.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I withdraw the
motion.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary:
Resolved, That Adalbert Ames isnotcligiblo to the
seat in the Senate of the United States to which he
has been appointed.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, the subject
under consideration by the Senate is the appli-
cation of General Ames, of Mississippi, for a seat
iu this body under his credentials, which have
been read at the table, and the report of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary adverse to his claim.
The third section of the third article of the
Constitution declares that—
"JSTo person shall bo a Senator who shall not have
attained to tho ago of thirty years, and been Kino
years tv citizen of the United States, and who shall
not, when olccted, bo an inhabitant of that State for
which ho shall ho chosen."
These are all-important and essential quali-
fications for a Senator; one is as indispensable
as another.
He must have been a citizen nine yearSj en-
joying all the rights and privileges of a citizen,
entitled to the elective franchise, the right to
sue in the courts, having a practical and theo-
retical knowledge of tho Government, its priv-
ileges, duties, and obligations.*
He must have age.
He must be an inhabitant of the State from
which he may bo elected.
Who is an inhabitant? Worcester says :
"One who inhabits or has an actual fixed residence
in a plnco, one who h:u; his domicile in aiilace, dweller,
resident."
''Domicile," according to Worcester, is " a
habitation, a place of abode, a house, a man-
sion, a dwelling, a residence, habitation,
home." "In law," he says, "the place in
which a person has taken up his permanent
residence, and to which, when he is absent
from it, he lias the intention of returning; res-
idence as determining the municipal law to
which a man is subject."
Story, in his Conflict of Laws, says "the
place where a married man's family resides is
generally to be deemed his domicile."
In the case of The United States vs. The
schooner Penelope and her cargo, for a sap-
posed breach of (he first section of the act of
Congress entitled "An act to suspend the com-
mercial intercourse between tlie United States
and certain portsof the island of San Domingo,''
to be found in 2 Peters's Admiralty Decisions,
Mr. James S. Smith, counsel for the claimants,
in the argument before Judge Tilghman in the
district court, said:
"According to Johnson, dwelling-place and plnee
ofresidenci are synonymous; so, too, inhabitant find
resident. It; has also been decided in 1 Dallas's Ilo-
porK page 153, who is an inhabitant: 'A person com-
ing hither occasionally, as a captain of a ship in a
course of trade, cannot be called an inhabitant; nor
does a person going' from his settled habitation hero
on occasional business to Boston or clsewhero cease
to be an inhabitant."'
The Supreme Court has said that the words
"people of the United States" and "citizens"
are synonymous terms, and mean tho same
thing. They both describe the political body
which, according to our republican institutions,
forms the sovereignty, and who hold the power
and conduct the Government through their
Representatives. They are what we familiarly
call the " sovereign people," and every citiaeu
is one of this people and a constituent member
of this "sovereignty." (Scott vs. Sanford, 19
Howard's Reports.) The judge said :
"In the case of Hilton and Brown, in the circuit
courts, and cases in this court, the following has
always been my definition of tho words resident'
or 'inhabitant," which in my view mean (be same
thin®. An inhabitant or resident is a person coming
into a place with an intention to establish his dom-
icile, or permanent residence, and in consequence
actually resides. Under this intention he takes a
home or lodgings, as one fixed and stationary, and
opens a store, or takes any step preparatory to busi-
ness. or in execution of this, settled intention, lho
timeisnotso essential as the intent oxecu ted, bymak-
ing or beginning the actual establishment, though
itis abandoned in a short or longer poriod." * *
* * "Amcrotransitorycomingforaspeoial pur-
pose, a mero transient visit, does not fall within the
legal meaning of the word 'resident,' lie must have
tho intent of staying or abiding for permanent pur-
poses; and begin it, though ho does not oontinuo to
prosecute it."
In the ease of Corse vs. Clarke, in 5 Mason's
Beports, 70, the court decided that a mere
temporary change of place, without any inten-
tion of permanent residence, constitutes no
change of domicile. Be the motives or reasons
what they may, there must still be a bona fide
intention of removal and a real change of dom-
icile. In Hylton vs. Browne, in 1 Washington's
Circuit Court Reports, 31-1, the same doctrine
is held by the court.
In Butler vs. Farnsworth, in 4 Washington's
Circuit Court Reports, 101, the court said:
" It is true that the intention of lho party in chang-
ing tho plaoo of his residence is a material ingredient
in the question of citizonship, as it concerns ^Federal
jurisdiction; but tho intention is to bo collected from
tho acts and not from tho declarations of tho party;
that tho question of law arising upon the particular
facts of each coso must always be, has tho person so
removing become incorporated into thonowsooicty,
so as to bo a member of it in like manner as ho was
of tho politioal family fromwhichhocmigratcd? In
other words, has ho changed his domioilo and be-
come a pormanent resident in tho State to which lie
has removed? "
In Prentiss's Trustee es. Burton's Executors,
to be found in 1 Brockcnbrough's Reports, 398,
Judge Marshall decided--
"That a new residence is not acquired by a resi-
dence for temporary purposes. It must bo a perma-
nent residence. Vattel defines it to bo ' a habitation,
fixed in any placc, with an intention of always stay-
ing there.' The existence oi. this intention must bo
manilostcd by overt acts in e\->>li< iation ofwlnch.if
doubtful, the declarations of the party will undoubt-
edly bo received."
If so much importance is given to the sub-
ject of residence when the question arises as
to the right of suing in tho courts of the Uni-
ted Slates and the disposition of property, how
much greater the interest and stronger the proof
should be when tho subject is the qualification
of a Senator.
From all these cases the principle is deduced
that a change of domicile, or becoming an
inhabitant of a State, is to bo manifest, first, by
an actual removal fo a place, coupled with a
declared, settled, and bona fide purpose of
becoming a resident or inhabitant, or being in
a place to declare the purpose of becoming a
resident or inhabitant, without mental reserva-
tion or qualification, accompanied and suc-
ceeded by all the unequivocal acts which a
bona fide citizen or inhabitant performs.
The Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Rice]
declared that acts were nothing or of little
importance, and that it was the intention which
made the citizen. But the intention is only
one of the ingredients, and it is so stated by
the court in one of the cases which 1 read. The
court lay the stress upon the acts. No one can
fathom tho mind and ascertain the intention.
It is an easy thing for one to enunciate a pur-
pose ; but the test of tho truth and accuracy
of it is by the acts of the party. The adage
that "actions speak louder than words" was
never more distinctly verified than upon the
subject of residence. A statement reiterated
that one intended to make a certain place his
domicilewould not have the weight of a feather
unless the party, in pursuance of that declara-
tion, removed to the locality, and by all the
series of acts which an inhabitant performs
continues to perform them. Inhabitancy or
domiciliation is of vast importance in the qual-
ification of a Senator; age and citizenship are
essential; and as they are grouped as a trio in
the Constitution, no one can be separated or
weakened withoutseriouslydamaging the unity
and character of the whole. Wiien we exam-
ine the nature of the senatorial position this
truth will be more fully developed. The inter-
est and inaguitudc of the trust are next to that
of the Executive. A Senator is a proxy or
substitute for the whole State. Ho is not a
representative of a district, the trustee of the
interests of a portion of the State, but the two
Senators of a State may in fact be considered
as in the place of the State for all purposes and
objects of legislation and government.
This necessarily implies a knowledge of the
State, her resources, wishes, and wants j her
policy and the opinions and views of her citizens
upon the great and general interests of the
country,and of the domestic administration and
foreign relations of the Federal Government;
residence, habitation, home, and identification,
with the improvement and development of tho
elements and sources of her prosperity. Pie
should be one who by the payment of taxes and
sharing in the burdens of the people, learns
their opinions and necessities and mode and
measure of desired relief; his intercourse with
them should be for such a period of time and
of such a nature that he may acquire a knowl-
edge of the people, and that they may have
opportunities frequent, in private and in public,
to scrutinize and testliis character, principles,
qualifications, and habits. As confidence is of
slow growth, the people, who are ever watchful
and vigilant in respect to their public servants
and those to whom they commit great trusts,
should be placed in such a position and rela-
tions to the individual as will enable them to
apply the touchstone I have mentioned. They
should know him personally or by repute ; his
name and life and associations. Ilis acts, pri-
vate and public, must be debated and well con-
sidered ; his knowledge, judgment, and stabil-
ity of character; his pursuits, opinions, and
business capacity; his political affinities, prin-
ciples, and antecedents, and his peculiar fit-
ness for tho place, arc snbjectsfor examina-
tion, reflection, and decision.
Y^ith this brief review, let me ask how Gen-
eral Ames, a stranger with a military commis-
sion in his hand, engaged in the work of recon-
struction for a short period; a young man,
inexperienced in affairs of Slate,and briefly and
only known to the people of Mississippi by the
power which he wielded, accustomed to com-
mand, and to say, " Come, and they come, go,
aud they go," can represent a great State or,
as her proxy, protect, defend, and advance her
interests and reflect the opinions of her peo-
ple upon the important and diversified meas-
ures of legislation, and of the administration
of tho Government, surpasses my conception
and taxes my credulity. He is not the man a
free and intelligent people would select uncon-
trolled by moral and physical forces.
Mr. President, one of the authorities which I
cited from Washington's Circuit Court Reports
stated that to be an inhabitant one must be
incorporated into the society in which he pro-
poses to live. Could plainer or more forcible
language be used to convey the idea of that
necessity which exists with reference to a hab-
itation and a home? How can a man be in-
corporated into a community? What is it to
bo thus incorporated? Why, sir, "to incor-
porate" is to blend, unite with, coalesce, to
make a part of. A man who becomes an in-
habitant of a State becomes blended, united
with, and made a part of that community in
which he lives. Can a man be made a part
of the community unless there is sensible and
tangible evidence of the fact, and unless that
community is aware and conscious that he is a
part of it. ? How could he be incorporated into
and made a part of it and the community be
insensible that he was thus a part of it; and
bow can he remain a part of a community
unless it be by making the place his home, his
habitation, by doingnl! the acts which citizens
do ? Ho must by his life, deportment, and acts
impress the people among whom he lives with
the fact thathe is identified with them. As well
might it-be said that an individual could become
a member of a family without its knowledge
as that he could be an inhabitant of a State
without the fact being patent to others.
We all know that when a stranger is passing
