1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5137
cultural and mechanical pursuits, in providing em-
ployes, educating children, procuring medicine and
medical attendance, care for and support of the aged,
sick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans of said
Indians, and in any other respect to promote their
civilization, comfort, and improvement, $ .
And to take the Senate figures, which much
exceed those of the House, for amounts. We
did this because we consider the question not
one of money, but of principle. The Senate
conferees refused to agree to this proposition,
and we then agreed to dissolve the conference
and report to our respective Houses that we
had failed to agree.
I move that a new committee of conference
be appointed, and yield to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK. As 1 do not desire to be on
any other committee of conference which may
be appointed on this bill, and of course will
not be, I wish to say a word or two' as to the
reason why we failed to agree, and the propo-
sitions we made. While the House conferees
did not claim in the conference committee to be
peremptorily instructed by the House as to the
course we pursued, yet we assured the conferees
on the part of the Senate that we believed we
would be sustained by the House in what we
proposed, and that it would not consent to
anything which confirmed or sanctioned the
so-called treaties of 1867 and 1868.
The Senate conferees insisted upon their
right absolutely to make treaties with Indians
as with any foreign Power, and seemed to
consider it as arrogance on the part of the
House to doubt theirright. Our right to make
appropriations or not was conceded. That
being the state of the case, we were determined
that the Indian service should not suffer if we
could avoid it, and that whatever responsibil-
ity there might be for the failure of the appro-
priation of this money should not be on the
part of the House. We said, " As we have the
right to make appropriations or not as we please,
andyou concede that right, and as you claim the
right to make treaties, and as we cannot agree
to appropriate money to carry them in effect,
we will now, although it involves several mil-
lion dollars more than the House has thought
would with prudent management be necessary,
rather than run the risk of the failure of this
bill and the risk of an Indian war—we will for
each of those tribes you have been treating
with appropriate every dollar which the Senate
has thought necessary for their comfort and
maintenance and to preserve peace, and we
will recommend to the House to give such other
sums, if any, as the Indian Commissioner"
—who sat beside us during the conference—
" shall say is necessary, and let the disagree-
ment stand." That proposition was ignored.
Now, I wish to say to the House and the coun-
try, since we have disagreed upon the grounds
I have stated, and since the conferees on the
part of the House offered to recommend to this
House to vote all the money that even the Sen-
ate might think was necessary to put into the
hands of the President to use as he saw fit to
keep the peace and do justice to the Indians,
that I regard whatever responsibility may
come hereafter from the failure of this bill, it
it should fail, to be on the part of the Senate,
which refused, through its conference commit-
tee, to take or use this money unless we spe-
cifically ratified and indorsed treaties which
this House had determined—very properly, in
my judgment—not to appropriate money to
carry out.
Let me say one word as to the treaties them-
selves. The Senate conferees contended that,
independently of their having the power to
make treaties with such Indians as they saw
fit, we had by the act of July, 1867, given them
that right. We showed that by the second
section of that very act they were required,
before they could take action under it or locate
any of the tribes, to get the consent of Con-
gress in regard to any reservation upon which
the Indians might be located. We showed that
their action in regard to those treaties had
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 322.
never been submitted to Congress as that act
required; and that Congress had never approved
of it; nor had they given Congress the chance
to approve of it. We also showed that they
had made treaties utterly impossible of con-
summation—as they themselves cannot fail to
admit—the Sioux treaty for example, where,
in section ten, they give the right to hunt all
over the country of the North Platte and the
Republican fork, so long as the buffalo con-
tinued to range there, traversing and crossing
two of our great lines of railroad for thirty years
at will. We showed them that by section six-,
teen of that treaty they had surrendered a
country outside of the limits provided as res-
ervations in the treaty larger than many of the
States, being all that region of country lying
east of the Big Horn mountains, embracing a
third or a half of the Territory of Wyoming,
and pledged themselves that for thirty years
no white man should even set his foot on that
soil without the consent of the Indians ; a
pledge utterly absurd in itself, and impossible
to be carried out, and which was now being
violated every day. That the grants of lands
to the Northern Pacific and other railroads
were inconsistent with the rights reserved to
the Indians in those treaties. And so with all
the treaties they had made, the United States
not keeping them and being wholly unable
to keep them, and the Indians not regarding
them. At the same time, $70,000,000 were to
be expended in carrying them out. In the
judgment of the conferees on the part of the
House we could not consent to that, and,there-
fore we determined that the responsibility
should rest where it properly belongs, with the
Senate.
I will not say more about the pretension of
the Senate except that according to their claim
if they see fit to make a treaty with a band of
Indians not numbering over fifty or one hun-
dred, any one of whom they could hang for
stealing a cow, and give them the Territory of
Colorado and $100,000,000 to boot, they have
a right to do it on any pretense whatever, and
we have no right to object, but must give up
the country and appropriate the money ou the
order of the Senate. I, for one, will never
consent to that doctrine.
Mr. SARGENT. I yield for a few minutes
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. I desire to call the
attention of the House to the character of the
question which we are now about to settle, so
far as the action of this House can settle it.
It is a great question of constitutional law. It
is a question whether the President and Sen-
ate can make treaties and bind the House to
appropriate money for the benefit of Indian
tribes without the consent of the House. It
is a questiou whether appropriations of money
can be made from the Treasury except in pur-
suance of law, assented to by the House.
Now, sir, there are three reasons why, in my
judgment, the House is not bound to carry out
the treaties with Indian tribes which it is
alleged were made in pursuance of the act of
July, 1867. The first is, because by the ex-
press terms of that act Congress reserved to
itself the right to determine what lands should
be set apart as reservations for the Indians ;
and therefore no treaty could be made bind-
ing Congress to appropriate money until those
reservations have been expressly approved by
Congress.
The second reason is that money cannot be
drawn from the Treasury of the United States
except in pursuance of appropriations by law :
that is, a law enacted by both branches of Con-
gress and approved by the President. A treaty
is not such a law as can appropriate money
from the public Treasury. No treaty has ever
been so regarded. And the fact that an act
of Congress is requisite to appropriate money
to carry out any treaty providing for its pay-
ment is sufficient evidence of the control this
House may exert over that question.
But there is a third reason why we are not
bound to carry out these treaties. The Indian
tribes are not independent nations in the sense
of international law, capable of making treaties
which bind either them or us. Onthat subject
I desire the Clerk to read a paragraph from
the report of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, dated December 23,1869, which is to
be found on page 448 of the report of the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I desire
to ask the gentleman a question. If these
Indian tribes were independent nations, and
were capable of making treaties, and treaties
were made by which it was stipulated money
was to be paid, is there any right on the part
of the House to refuse to vote the money to
carry out these treaties?
Mr. LAWRENCE. It is undoubtedly well
settled by the adjudication of the courts that
the treaty-making power cannot make a treaty
which binds the House to the appropriation of
money at all. The treaty-making power can
only enter into a treaty which is capable of
being executed without the aid of the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I under-
stand that to be the true doctrine; but I under-
stand that the opposite doctrine is maintained
in the Senate, that the House has no discre-
tion, and that whatever treaties they may make
we are under obligations to carry out.
Mr. LAWllENCE. We are under no such
obligation, and I hope that we shall settle the
question now as far as we can. For one I
shall never surrender this power—never, until
the last horn shall blow. I now ask the Clerk
to read the extract which I sent up.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Arrangements now, as heretofore, will doubtless
be required with tribes desiring to be settled upon
reservations for the relinquishment of their rights
to the lands claimed by them and ior assistance in
sustaining themselves in a new position; but lam
of the opinion that they should not be of atreaty
nature. It has become a matter of serious import
whether tho treaty system in use ought longer to be
continued. In myjudgmentitshouldnot. A treaty
involves the idea of a compact between two ormore
sovereign Powers, each possessing sufficient authority
and forcc to compel a compliance with the obliga-
tions incurred. The Tnrlian trihes of the United
States arc not sovereign nations, capable of making
treaties, as none of them have an organized govern-
ment of such inherent strength as would secure a
faithful obedience of its people in the observance of
compacts of this character. They are hold to be tho
wards of the Government, and the only title thelaw
concedes to them to the lands they occupy or claim
is a mere possessory one. But because treaties
havo been made with them, generally for the extin-
guishment of thoir supposed absolute title to land
inhabited by them, or over which thoy roam, they
have become falsely impressed with the notion of
national independence. It is time that this idea
should be dispelled, and the Government cea.se tho
cruel farce of thus dealing with its helpless and
ignorant wards."
Mr. LAWRENCE. The Commissioneruses
the proper word—''arrangements"—not trea-
ties. And these arrangements must be made
in pursuance of law, or be sanctioned by law,
to be of any binding force on Congress.
The question was then taken on agreeing to
the repott of the committee of conference; and
it was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I now move that the House
consent to the further committee of conference
asked by the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
as the second committee of conference of Mr.
Sargent, Mr. Niblack, and Mr. Paine.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order now is
the consideration of business from the Com-
mittee ot' Elections, and the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PAINE. The case which is first to be
presented to the House this morning is one
reported by the special Committee of Elections
ofwhichthegentlemanfromOhio [Mr. Steven-
son] is the chairman. I now yield to him.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stevexsox] to yield to me.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will if it shall not
cause much delay.
