1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3249
these men hare got} and now they come were
and hnvo the face to ask the Congress of the j
United States to give them these choice lands
to the exclusion of the honest men who are
awaiting the action of the Government to open
these lands to settlement before going upon
them. Are you going to do that? If the
Senate of the United States do that they invite
lawlessness, thejr give a bounty on this sort of
i'reebooiing which makes all this trouble on the
border, and which gives yon Indian wars, and
which subjects our Government to the expense
of many million dollars annually for war ex-
penses in connection with the Indian depart-
ment. If you propose to do that be it so, but
do not complain of what follows in the future.
No, sir; 1 say to every man on that territory,
"You shall take no advantage whatever by
your lawlessness; we assure to you nothing;
when we have settled this question with the
Indians we will settle the question with you,
and we will take care that yoa get no advan-
tage of the law-abiding people ot this country
who have a right to purchase lands as well as
you have, and who h«ve a right to wait until
the public lands are open to settlement and the
Indians are off it; and no advantage shall be
had by making a foray into the Indian conn-
try." I protest, therefore, that this bill shall
not assure to these men one single rood of land.
If they are to have that land let them have it
upon some principle of fair and open compe-
tition with the honest and law-abiding people
who are waiting to have the lands opened; but
this bit) assures it to them.
Another point. What is to become of these
Indians? There are fonr thousand of them.
What are yoa going to do with them? You
arbitrarily assume the " absolute control and
ownership" of their lands. Is not that lofty
language now for the Senate of the United
iStaies, representing forty million people, to
say that they choose, notwithstanding their
treaty obligations, to declare that we assume
the absolute control aad ownership of land
which this Government in 1865 guarantied to
these savages, as my honorable friend chooses
now to designate them? What sort of an as-
sumption is that? Is that worthy of a Christian
people? Is not that a bold and arrogant as-
sumption, to say the least of it; and will the
Senate of the United States stand np in the
<see of the American people aad say, with the
knowledge of that treaty in their minds, that
they assume absolute and arbitrary control
over this reservation and over the rights of
then parties to dispose of it without their con-
sent, and without their being in a condition to
give their assent, as the United States choose?
I trust not. I trust the temper of the Senate
of the United States has not yet got to that
point.
But, I ask, what are yon going to do with the
Indians? What is going to become of them
under this bill ? They are to be driven at the
point of the bayonet oat from Kansas aad out
from this reservation. Where? Godonly knows
where. Does the bill providefor them? No,
I think not. They are to go out into the Indian
territory vagabonds, I greatly fear.
Mr. FOWLER. Are they living on this land
now?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Living on it, and
nave been living on it beyond the period to
which the memory of man runs to the contrary.
The Osage nation have been living there nobody
knows how many centuries. They have a his-
tory- Their country, as I bad occasion to say
before, covered the entire territory of Kansas.
It has dwindled down by treaty stipulations
with this Government now to these five million
®wes; and here it is proposed to "assume"—
that is the language:—to assume absolute con-
trol and ownership over this land.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator if fifty
years ago the whole country was not called the
Osage countiy ?*'
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly it was.
41st Cong. 2d Sjess.—No. 204.
It is historic. There is not an American stu-
dent who does not know it.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to find out whether
this land now is the land that has been reserved
to them and which they occupy as a home at
the present time, ind the only land they have.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly it is
their only land. It has dwindled down to this.
This is the only home, the only refuge they
have anywhere, and this bill proposes to force
them at the point of the bayonet, if necessary,
out of it, and the military are already there to
do it, and to send them wandering vagabonds
over the earth. This is scarcely an exaggera-
tion. There was a provision in this bill when
it went to the Committee on Indian Affairs that
the President of the United States should be
bound to furnish them a bonne in the Indian
country. Wlmt has become of that? Stricken
out.
Mr. CORBETT. It is in the bill now, in
the lifih section.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was in the bill I read
yesterday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will see. I
hope I am mistaken. I hope it is here. I
see, however, that it is stricken out in my bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to know
how the fact is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Section five was
not stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. The reason I interrupted
the Senator was because I was about to ask
whether the President had really selected a
home for these Indians to go to?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I see that I have
been misled by the way the brackets are placed
in the printed bill. I understood them as strik-
ing out the whole section, whereas they apply
to the number of the section. Then I am
wrong in saying that that provision is stricken
Out.
Mr. MORTON. I will Call the Senator's
attention in that connection, however, to the
fact that the new home to be provided for them
is in the Indian territory; and it seems that is
not yet the property of the Government, and
whatever it costs the Government of the Uni-
ted States is to be taken out of the sum they
are to get for their eight million acres.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I had not for-
gotten that. The bill does apparently provide
for that, ami I will read what the'provision is:
Tt shall be the duty of the President to procure
lands for a permanent borne for said Osage Indians
ia the Indian territory, equal in quantity to on«
hundred and sixty acres for each member of said
tribe, orguch part thereof as said Osage Indiana may
desire, to be paid for oat of the proceeds of the sale
of said reservation in tlie State of Kaasas, the price
per acre of sacti lauds to bo procured in the Indian
territory not to exceed the price paid by the United
States for the same.
The President of the United States is to
obtain the lands ; how ? Who knows that they
will be obtained? I am wrong in saying that
the committee have not made some apparent
provision ; but am I wrong in saying that there
is really no substantial provision ? The Presi-
dent of the United States is authorized to obtain
the lands; but who has them for sale ? Are
not all lands in this Indian territory dedicated
to other uses. Does not everybody know that
all there is in the Indian country is dedicated
already by formal treaty stipulations? There-
fore, whatever apparent provision there may
be for these Indians, I submit I am substan-
tially correct in saying that no provision is
made, and I am sure no provision is made
upon which the Senate of the United States
will feel that they have a right to rest when
they take the homes of four thousand people
out of a country which has been theirs from
time immemorial, and force them into a foreign
country, into the midst of hostile bands of
Indians, the reservation itself having been
designated by the peace commissioners ap-
pointed in 1867 as a general receptacle for all
the tribes that may be gathered in that country.
Therefore, Mr. President, I submit to the Sen-
ate, with very great confidence, that it will be
found that no provision has been made for
these Indians which ought for a moment to be
regarded as suitable.
There is another peculiarity in this bill to
which I call the attention of the Senate. I
mean that it is peculiar to all that class of
legislation which relates to the Indians. I call
the attention of the Senate to it for the reason
that in this particular case I think it ought not
to apply; and in this particular case and at
this particular time I think the Senate of the
United States ought to set its face against any
further legislation in that direction. 1 refcr
now to the third section of the bill:
Sec. 3. be it further enacted. That nil debts
owing by the Groat and Little Osage nation of In-
dians, and unpaid nt tliu dato of the signing of said
treaty, either to whites or Indians by said OsaKes,
shall be liquidated and paid out of the funds arising
from the sake of tho lands herein directed to bo sold,
so far as the same shall be found just and valid on au
examination thereof, to be made by the agent of the
tribe and the superintendent of Indian affairs for
the control suporintcndency,subject to the approval
of tho national council of the Osage nation, in each
individual case, and of tho Secretary of the Inte-
rior: Provided, That the amount so allowed and
paid shall not exoeed 940,000.
Now, Mr. President, what are these debts?
Poesauybody know ? To whom are they owing?
Are we under any obligation to pay them ?
My experience in these matters justifies me in
the presumption that this clause is put in—of
course I absolve my honorable friends from
all complicity in it in every way—in the inter-
ests of a set of men who are always hanging
about these Indian tribes. It is so much money
in their pocket3, without regard to the obliga-
tion on the part of the Indians either in the
contraction or the payment of the debt.
Another noteworthy proposition is to be
found in the fourth section:
That there shall be paid to the Great and Little
Osage tribe of Indians a just and fair compensation
for horses stolen from them by white citizens of tho
United States.
Are we quite willing to put it on the records
of the Senate of the U nited States that the citi-
zens of the United States are horse-thieves?
I do not mean to say any severe things about
the citizens of Kansas. It may he that some
of the people guilty of these practices came
from my State, as the Senator intimates.
[Laughter.] This reservation is situated in
Kansas, which ought to be, and I trust is, a
law-abiding State; and these Indians, by an
article of their treaty with the Government, are
entitled to the protection of the American peo-
ple, protection in their rights of property and
person ; and yet we are expected to put on the
records of the Senate of the United States that
our citizens in times past have dealt with these
Indians in such a treacherous and felonious
way that we acknowledge ourselves indebted
to them for " horses stolen from them by white
citizens of the United States since the ratifica-
tion of the treaty of September 29, 1865." In
these five years how many horse3 are.we to
understand have been so stolen? The com-
mittee say that this payment shall not exceed
$40,000. Why not? Why not pay for the
whole?
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator wilt per-
mit me to interrupt him, I will rendark to him
that when we had the appropriation bill before
Congress, only a few weeks ago, I moved to
strike out precisely such a provision as this,
and urged it, and insisted that the people
should not be convicted of horse-stealing until
they had had a trial in court. But the Senator
from Maine carried the provision in that lan-
guage against me.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not con-
tending that the horses hive not been stolen ;
but I refer to it for the lesson of wrongs il
teaches have been practiced upon these Indians.
Mr. POMEROY. That is what I urged
then; bat I could not convince the Senatoi
from Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend seems to be converted, and thinks it is
