1870.
THE COKGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
4193
This, then, would be the result, that for the
§95,000,000 of bank currency authorized to be
issued by this bill the Secretary of the Treas-
ury retires §105,555 65 in "greenbacks'' or
■what is equivalent to ''greenbacks." So
that instead of increasing the circulation it
actually decreases it to the amount of §23,000,-
000, the difference between §95,000,000 and
§105,555 55, and increases the bonded debt
of the Government $00,000,000, counting the
three per cent, certificates as so much of the
bonded debt, and makes the people pay four
and a half per cent, per annum interest in
gold upon this last amount where tliey now
pay nothing, and makes them pay four and a
half per cent, interest in gold on the amount
of the "certificates," where they now pay but
three per cent, in currency.
I ask, therefore, in all candor and serious-
ness, why this unnecessary circumlocution?
Why require coin to be paid into the Treasury
for the new-bonds, and tlie next minute pay
the same coin for the three per cent, certifi-
cates and the "notes of the Government?"
Why not say to the banks, and to parties hold-
ing them, in so many words, "The Govern-
ment will give you its bonds bearing four and
one half per cent, interest in coin for the cer-
tificates bearing three per cent in currency and
your 'greenbacks' bearingno interest at all?"
Ah, but we are told that this is the only way
that the West and South can obtain an addi-
tional issue of currency.
Sir, I believe I speak for every western mem-
ber upon this floor when I say that we will not
vote for any bill, even if it increased the vol-
ume of currency in our respective localities,
if by doing so we increase the burden of taxa-
tion by increasing the interest upon the public
debt.
As much as we desire an additional issue of
currency, and as much as the people of the
West, in the transaction of their legitimate
business, need it, they will not consent to im-
pose new burdens upon themselves and upon
th  country to obtain it.
I have said that this bill imposes conditions
upon the banks it proposes to authorize that
were not imposed by the act of June ti, 1801.
It sends the would-be banker into the market
to buy the gold with which to pay for the
bonds of the Government authorized io be
issued by this act. To obtain a circulation of
§90,000, in currency you require the purchase
of §100,000 cf gold, which at its present value
in currency would require §115,000.
You require more. In other words, yon
require an outlay of $115,000,000 to obtain a
circulation of $90,000. No such conditions
were imposed by the original act upon the
present banks. They obtained their circula-
tion by the deposit of United States bonds
bearing six per cent, interest xn gold, which
they bought at a great discount, and for which
they paid the currency of the country. But I
am told by the honorable chairman of the
Banking and Currency Committee that provis-
ion is made in this bill to compel the old banks
to exchange their six per cent, tor the lour and
a half per cent, boads or surrender their cir-
culation. But when do you propose to make
them do this ? The fifth section of the bill pro-
vides as follows:
That whenever anil as soon as sixty per cent, of
the whole amount of additional
authorized in scction one of tms act shall _na\ e been
issued to national banking ass?7^SnhpreinSo?p
aneo with the terms and conditions hcreinLUoie
prescribed, the Comuti oiler ol. t ho'^ivthen
not'fv all national bankmy associations thatmc.j then
have on deposit with - the ^reasurer of the United
States, to secure then' circulating no.,e=, Unitedbtat.s
bonds, bearing a rate ot interest grc-ite:r tn.uj lour
am! a half per cent, per annum,
notes for circulation have been is uc 1 And tuero
nnon. within ono year iiorn tbo cUto or sucti i.otice.
all tucli national banking associations so noahed
shall deposit with the Treasurer ot the United fcaatea
•is'security for the circulating notes isssuod to them
and then outstanding, the bonus provided loi and
epecilicd in scction three 01 tins dot.
In other words, you make it almost, if not
quite, impossible to get the sixty per cent, taken
41st Cong. 2d Sess.— No. 263.
because of the onerous and discriminating con-
ditions imposed, and then say that so soon as
the conditions are complied with and within
one year from the date of compliance with such
conditions the exchange is to be made. What
would be the practical effect of this bill should
it become a law and men could be found who
would organize under it? It would make the
three'per cent, certificates, with the interest
thereon payable in currency equal to (if not at
a premium) the market value of the six per
cent, gold-bearing bonds. It would at once
make such a difference between national cur-
rency and "greenbacks" as would effectually
drive the latter from the country as a circulat-
ing medium. "Greenbacks" would at ouce
command a premium as gold commands it, and
they would form no more part of the circulation
of the country than gold does at u premium of
fifteen per cent.
It would unsettle values everywhere and
increase the constantly increasing distrust and
hostility to national banks and the system of
national banking.
The bill, then, is not, for the relief of the
people who have been so unjustly and unfairly
dealt by in the distribution of the currency, and
whose interests and business are literally starv-
ing to death because of it, but it is for the ben-
efit of the banks already in existence, whose
overgrown wealth and opulence still clamor
for more. If not for their benefit, why under-
take to appreciate their "lawful money re-
serve " by offering to redeem it in coin? Why
postpone for a year after new banks are organ-
ized before you require them to do business
on the same terms as you do the new ones?
Why wait until §57,000,000 of the new issue
is taken before you even give them notice to
exchange their bonds? Why undertake to
throw sach restrictions about the new organ-
izations as will keep down competition with the
old? Sir, it is a burning shame and an insult
to the people of the West and South who have
not received their p'~o rata of the circulation.
It is a measure to increase the wealth, to in-
crease the power, of the banks and eastern
Slates at the cost and expense of the West and
South. What have the people of the West
done to merit this injustice and wrong? Was
it in the hour of the country's peril, when
the authority of the Government was disputed
and armed men had gathered for its destruc-
tion, the sons of our western farmers left their
plows standing in the farrows, and under the
leadership ot such men as my distinguished
friend from Illinois [Mr. Loqax] they bore the
"old flag of the Union" in triumph to the Gulf
and to the sea ? The bones of fifty thousand of
them sleep quietly along the waters of the Mis-
sissippi river. They died that the Union might
live, and that equal and exact justice might bo
done to all men and to all sections. When your
commissariat grew short it was from the rich
and fertile lands of that great valley of the
Mississippi river that it was supplied. _ When
it became necessary to raise by taxation the
funds necessary to carry on the war the people
of the West paid theirs without a murmur.
The old farmer at home paid his, and the
widows of our soldiers paid theirs out of the
money, perhaps, purchased with the lives of
their "husbands. For all of this what do you
require us still to do?
We must pay you from ten to twenty per
cent, every fall and winter for the money re-
quired to move, the crops of the preceding year.
\Ve must pay our part of the $21,000,000 in
gold that goes to your banks annually to pay
the interest upon the bonds of the Government
deposited by them with the Treasurer. And
now, when we co;ne and show you that Rhode
Island alone, with her one hundred and seventy
thousand inhabitants, has double the amount
of national currency that Illinois has with her
one million seven hundred thousand people,
and three times as much as my own State with
her million and a quarter of people, and we
ask you to correct it, the answer comes from
the Committee on Banking and Currency,
"take ninety five millions of new issue under
such restrietionsaa will bankruptyou to attempt,
and which will increase the burdens of taxa-
tion, and then we will talk about a redistribu-
tion." Sir, is it fair, or is it just? "Wehave
asked you for bread and you have given us
a stone; we have asked you for fish and you
have given us a serpent."
Sir, I seek to creato no unnecessary antag-
onism between different sections of the coun-"
try, but when I am asked to sit quietly by aud
see the people ot' my section bound as with a
cord, I must at least in my place here enter,
in their name, my solemn protest.
It may not be that the wants of the West will
be granted them by this Congress, but! warn
gentlemen that the day is not far distant—ay,
sir, it is beginning already to dawn—when the
people of the Mississippi valley and the' great
country beyond will not only be heard through
the voice of their Representatives upon this
floor, but, under the census now being taken,
will be felt in the more quiet yet more pow-
erful call of the "yeas and nays."
Aside from a mere local interest in this mat-
ter, 1 appeal to gentlemen from a higher stand-
point to give to the people of the West and
South their just proportion of the circulation
of the country. Give us $50,000,000 more of
money upon the" same terms and conditions,
and none other, as were imposed upon the
banks heretofore organized. The constantly
growing and increasing business of'the West
demands it and the best interests of the whole
country require it.
At the time of the passage of the act author-
izing the issue of national currency a portion
of our country was the theater of strife, and to
a great extent desolated by war. The agricul-
tural, mechanical, and commercial interests
had, in the southern and border slaYeholding
States, shared in the common fate of everything
involved in tho criminality of the rebellion.
It was not, therefore, necessary that a large
amount of money at the close of the war should
bo distributed in the southern States; but now
we behold the old and the new population under
the new order of things struggling to make their
fields and plantations yield their exhaustless
wealth, and to cause their towns and cities to
rise up from their ruins and to resound with
the noise of busy life again. The blessings of
peace are fast wearing out the deep furrows
plowed upon the face of those States by tho
rigors of war. It is not, therefore, for the sake
of thepeople of the western and southern States
alone that I speak, but for the first great inter-
est of the nation.
If the people of the southern States are fur-
nished the facilities of money to plant, culti-
vate> pick, bale, and send to market the cot-
ton crops which can and ought to be planted, tho
country at once becomes possessed of a com-
modity that will pay the interest and principal,
too, of our debt owing in foreign countries. Wo
eapnot dig gold enough from the bowels of the
earth to pay that and at the same time supply
our other demands. Instead of three million
bales of cotton raised, the number ought and
can be doubled, if the necessary means are fur-
nished to carry on their business. There is no
business that requires a greater outlay or larger
expenditures than that of raising cotton.
The South before the war was the great
market for the products of the western States.
It was there that we always found a market, for
our flour, our corn, our tobacco, our hemp,
our mules, and our stock of all kinds. Nature
had furnished us with a natural and cheap
means of communication by the waters that
wash the boundaries of nearly half the States
of the Union. When the war of the rebellion
began, the people of the West and Northwest
were cut off fiom this great m'-ket, and <duu
productions forced to find a differen n • i,
and a different communication. * or four yeaiis
after the war it was the same to us as w.ien tno
war existed, so- far as the market was cju-
