1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
read at length for the information of the Senate
prior to the question being put on the motion
to take it up.
The Secretary read as follows:
2?e itenacted* &c.s That the heads of the several
Jixecutive Departments be, and they are hereby,
authorized to allow, and there shall he paid from
^^^pr0T^e^a^p?.01>r^a^0,n*to officers and employ6s
ot the United States who failed to tak& the oath
prescribed by the act approved July 2, 1862, such
sum or sums of money as may bo found due to them,
respectively, by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury Department for the services heretofore actually
rendered, at the rates prescribed by law or the regu-
lations ot the proper Department: Provided, That
betore any such compensation shall bo allowed or
paid it shall bo made to appear that said oath was
(luiy taken after the rendition of such services, or
the person claiming the same shall subscribe and
take, before some competent officer, and file, wi*,h
trio account, the oath or affirmation prescribed by
the act requiring an oath of allegiance and to sup-
ts the Constitution of the United States, approved
August G, lSbl; and if any person entitled to com-
pensation under this act shall have died before the
passage thereof such oath or affirmation may ho
waived.
Mr. SHERMAN. A bill similarto this has,
I think, twice passed the Senate. I will state
the precise facts of the case. Under the law
of 1804 certain assessors were appointed in the
southern States, but could not take the oath
prescribed by law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is this bill before the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. It is an old customer, and
I do not think we ought to act upon it now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will never pass
again if it has passed twice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, before the debate commences, as this is
the opening of the session, that the eleventh rule
declares that " motions to take up or proco.ed
to the consideration of any question shall bo
determined without debate upon the merits of
the question proposed to be consideredand
the Chair understands it to be the wish of the
Senate that the Chair should hold strictly to
the rules.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMICROY. I hope that rule will be
enforced. It never has been heretofore.
Mr. SHERMAN. I moved to take up the
bill at the request of a Senator representing
one of the States in which these parties live.
I think it ought to be acted upon, and I know
of no better time than the present. If, how-
ever, the Senate is disinclined to act upon it
now I have no disposition to press it.
executive session.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 9, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
reconstruction op georgia.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 4G4) to perfect the
reconstruction of the State of Georgia; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction, and ordered
to be printed.
chaki.es l. green, united states navy.
Mr. SCOPIELD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to furnish this Houso with a copy of
the charges, testimony, findings, and sentence in the
trial by court-martial of Passed Assistant Surgeon
Charles L. (irec-n. United States Navy.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for exec-
utive information, unanimous consent is neces-
sary for its consideration on this day.
41st Gong. 2d Sess,—No. 4.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
additions to free list.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill.,(H. R. No. 465) to place
some articles of common use upon the list of
free imports; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
claims to patent rights.
Mr. STEVENSON also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 466) to
provide for the settlement of conflicting claims
to patent rights; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Patents, and ordered to be printed.
additional bounties.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 467) to repeal the fourth
section .of the act of March 3, 1869, entitled
"An act in relation to additional bounties,
and for other purposes," which prohibits the
filing of claims for additional bounties since
the 30th of November last; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
gold fluctuations.
Mr. POX. I ask unanimous consent to sub-
mit the following resolution:
Resolved. That a special committee of five mem-
bers bo appointed by the Speaker to investigate the
causoa that led to the unusual and extraordinary
fluctuations in the gold market of the city of New
York, from the 21.-;t to the 26th of September, 1869,
and especially to inquire if the President, tlio Sec-
rotary of tho Treasury, or any oilioer of the Gov-
ernment was in any manner intereatod in causing
said fluctuation. That tho said special committee
bo appointed immediately, report at its earliest con-
venience, and be empowered to send for persons and
papers.
Mr. McCarthy, i object.
Mr. FOX. Igivo notice that I shall introduce
the resolution as soon as I can do so in order.
middle new york judicial district.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 468) to create and
establish an additional judicial district, to be
called the middle district of New York, and to
make further provision in relation to the courts
of the United States in said State; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
oswego iiarboli, new york.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
submitted tho following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Jlesolved, That tho Secretary of Wnr be diroeted
to transmit for the information of this Ilouse any
reports or documents in the possession of the War
Department, and not embodied in his annual report,
which relate to the public works and improvements
in tho harbor of Oswego, Now York.
james ii. platt, jr.
Mr. PAINE. I present the credentials of
James H. Piatt, jr., claiming to represent the
second congressional district of Virginia, and
ask that they be referred to the Committee of
Elections.
The SPEAKER. The credentials will be
so referred under the general order of the
Ilouse.
bridge over willamette riveli.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 4G9) giving
the consent of the United States to the erection
of a bridge across the Willamette river, in
Oregon, from the city of Portland to the east
bank of said river; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
amendment ov pension laws.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent to submit a resolution, which I will
send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Jiesolvcdt That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of amend-
ing the pension-list, making it the duty of agents
for the payment of pensions to prepare the vouch-
ers for all pensioners and transmit them to tho post
office address of tho pensioner prior to each semi-
annual payment, and fix the expense of same, and
report by bill or otherwise.
There being no objection, the resolution was
adopted.
additional post route in indiana.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 470) to establish an
additional post route in Indiana; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
fifteenth constitutional amendment.
Mr. VAN TRUMP presented a joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of the State of Ohio,
rejecting the proposed fifteenth constitutional
amendment.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
lansing and saginaw railroad
Mr. BLAIR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 471) to enable the Jack-
son, Lansing and Saginaw Railway Company
to change the northern terminus of its road
from Traverse bay to the straits.of Mackinaw;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
patapsco river.
Mr. SWANN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, and agreed to :
Eemlved, That the Secretary of War be instructed
to communicate to this Houso any information in
the possession of that Department in reference to
the present condition and improvement of tho Pa-
tapsco river: in the location, widening, and deepen-
ing of tho channel of said river; what appropria-
tions have been expended by the United States in
connection with the State of Maryland in the pros-
ecution of said work: and what remains to be done
and tho amount needed to complete tho same; to-
gether with any information which may be in his
possession as to tho importance of a free and un-
obstructed access from the harbor of Baltimore to
tho Chesapeake bay.
david sergeant.
Mr. STOUG-HTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 472) for the relief
of David Sergeant, late captain company H,
seventh Michigan cavalry, united States vol-
unteers ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
margaret freeman.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. li. No. 473) to grant
a pension to Margaret Freeman; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
artificial limbs for soldiers.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE also, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 474) to
provide for the supply of artificial limbs to
soldiers; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
bounty claims.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE also, by unanimous
consent, introduced abill(H. R. No. 475) to ex-
tend the time for the presentation of claims for
additional bounty under theactof July28,1866;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
land office report.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which
■was read, and referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Be it resolved, That the Congressional Printer be,
and he is hereby, authorized to cause to be printed
for the use of the House of Representatives three
thousand copies of the report in full of tho Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office for the year 1869,
with the accompanying maps; and, in addition there-
to, two thousand copies for distribution by said Com-
missioner; also for distribution through tho State
