5138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
FREEHOLD LAND COMPANY.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on the Ter-
ritories, for action at this time, House bill No.
1953, to incorporate the United States Freehold
Land and Immigration Company, and to con-
firm certain legislation in Colorado Territory.
I believe those who have heretofore opposed
this bill are now satisfied that it should be
allowed to pass.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the bill bo read.
Mr. CULLOM. I can state the object of
the bill in less time than it would take to read
it. There are a number of gentlemen in Col-
orado Territory who own about a million acres
of land in the southern part of the Territory.
But that land cannot be conveniently reached
unless some sort of railroad communication
can be made to it. Those gentlemen simply
desire to be incorporated so that as a company
they may issue bonds upon which to borrow
money to build the railroad, and to bring set-
tlers from Holland to settle on the land.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. How did
they come to acquire so large a tract of land ?
Mr. CULLOM. There is no question about
the title.
Mr. BINGHAM. This bill does not touch
the question of title?
Mr. CULLOM. The title to this land was
confirmed by Congress a great many years ago,
and these parties aoquired their title from those
to whom the title was confirmed by the Gov-
ernment. I think there can be no question
about the propriety of the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is this bill before the
House?
The SPEAKER. It is still liable to objec-
tion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to the bill, be-
cause I am opposed to chartering these large
land companies.
Mr. CULLOM. Is it in order to move to
suspend the rules?
Mr. PAINE. I cannot consent to that.
Mr. SCHENCK. This bill has been so drawn
that it does not allow these parties to trade in
any land at all, but merely enables them to
utilize and cut up into homesteads the land
to which they now have the title.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Why do
they want an act of Congress to enable them to
cut up their land into homesteads?
Mr. BINGHAM. How can you build a rail-
road without an act of incorporation ?
Mr. SCHENCIC. This bill is to enable these
parties, with their own money, to build a rail-
road to get to their land. If they had asked for
afew million acres ofthe public land, it is more
than likely that they could get it without as
much opposition as this bill seems to excite.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does this bill touch the
question at all of the title to this land?
Mr. CULLOM. Not in the slightest degree.
It is carefully guarded so as not of itself to con-
firm any title in anybody.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to this
bill being reported for consideration at this
time?
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Sometime afterward,
Mr. CULLOM said: Mr. Speaker, I believe
that all objection has been withdrawn to my
reporting back from the Committee on the Ter-
ritories a bill (H. R. No. 1953) to incorporate
the United States Freehold Land and Immigra-
tion Company, and to confirm certain legisla-
tion in Colorado Territory, with the recom-
mendation that itdopass. Ihavestruckoutany
grant of land whatever. I have even struck out
the pitiful grant of forty acres for switches, &c.
The bill, as modified, was read. The first
section provides that William Gilpin, Ambrose
E. Burnside, S. L. M. Barlow, Charles A.
Lain bard, William H. Reynolds, Hiram Hitch-
cock, Henry W. Gray, Morton C. Fisher, and
such other persons as may be associated with
them and their successors, are hereby created
a body politic and corporate, by the name,
style, and title of the United States Freehold
Land and Immigration Company, and by that
name shall have perpetual succession, and
shall be able to sue and be sued, plead and be
impleaded, defend and be defended, in all
courts of law and equity in the United States
and the Territory ot Colorado, and may make
and have a common seal.
The second section provides that the capital
stock of the said company shall be $2,500,-
000, divided into shares of $100 each, and the
same shall be deemed to bo personal property
and transferable on the books of the company
only, and such capital stock may be increased
from time to time, to the extent necessary to
carry out the objects for which said company
is formed, upon a vote of two thirds in amount
of the stock for the time being in favor of such
increase.
The third section provides that the said com-
pany shall have power to make such by-laws as
it deems proper for the disposition of its prop-
erty and estate, and for the management of its
business and affairs, for the regulation of the
term of office of its officers and their duties,
and to carry out the general objects of the cor-
poration, and the same to amend or repeal at
pleasure ; provided, that such by-laws shall not
conflict with any law of the United States, or
of the State or Territory in which its principal
property shall be situated, and its business shall
be carried on.
The fourth section provides that the corpor-
ators named in this act shall be the directors
for the first year from the organization of the
company, and until others are elected; and
thereafter annual elections of directors, not
less than five or more than nine in number,
shall he held by the stockholders, at meetings
to be called for that purpose, at which each
share of stock present in person or by proxy
shall be entitled to one vote ; and the majority
thereof' shall elect.
The fifth section provides that the general
objects ofsuch corporation are, and are hereby,
declared to be as follows: to promote and
encourage emigration to, and to establish set-
tlements on, the lands of said company in San
Luis Park, in the Territories of Colorado and
New Mexico, and, in connection therewith, es-
tablish such agencies as it may deem desirable;
to purchase, hold, lease, sell, and mortgage any
real estate situate in said Territories, or either
of them, now owned or contracted for by any of
the persous named in the first section of this
act, his or their heirs or assigns ; to survey, lay
out, and improve the same; to establish, main-
tain, and operate wagon-roads and other means
of transit to and upon its property ; to construct
and maintain a railroad and telegraph line from
any point in the San Luis Park to the nearest
and most practicable point on either the Kansas
Pacific railroad, the Union Pacific railroad,
the Denver Branch railroad, or the Atchison,
Xopeka, and Santa Fe railroad ; and the said
company, for the purpose of building and oper-
ating such railroad, shall have the right of way
through the public lands of the United States
from and between the points aforesaid, the said
right of way being to the extent of two hundred
feet on each side of said railroad line; and such
corporation shall possess all the franchises
necessary to enable it to build and operate such
railroad for the transportation of freight and
passengers, and to collect and receive com-
pensation therefor ; and the powers, privileges,
and franchises conferred on corporations by
and under the provisions of chapter eighteen
of the revised statutes of Colorado, or of any
and all amendments thereto, are hereby con-
firmed to and invested in said corporation ;
provided, that this act shall not be construed
to permit said company to acquire title to any
other lands or real estate than such as is above
mentioned, except in satisfaction of debts law-
fully due it.
The sixth section provides that such cor-
poration may make and dispose of its bonds
or other obligations in such amounts, at such
rates, and on such terms, as it may deem mo st
for its interest, for the purpose of borrowing
money for the purposes aforesaid, and may
secure the same by a mortgage upon all or any
part of its property and all its franchises, and
may make the same and the interest thejeon
payable at such place or places as it may deem
proper, and may hold and transfer such real
and personal property as may be necessary for
the carrying out of its general purposes, and
may issue its stock and bonds for property and
again exchange its property for its bonds or
stock, and may convert any of its obligations,
at the option of the holders, into stock of the
company without further action of the stock-
holders.
The seventh section provides that this act
shall take effect immediately.
There was no objection, and the bill was
received; and the question was upon ordering
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. CULLOM. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, obtained leave to
withdraw from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions papers relative to the claim of Mrs. S. P.
White.
Mr. LOGAN obtained leave to withdraw
from the files of the House the petition of
Charles Brewster.
LIS AVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, obtained
leave of absence for the remainder of the ses-
sion.
Mr. WITCHER obtained an extension of his
leave of absence till July 10.
PATRICK WOODS.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am directed to bring
before the House the request of the counsel
of Patrick Woods to be heard at the bar of
the House. I desire the Speaker to submit to
the House the question whether the counsel
for Patrick Woods, who appeared before the
Committee on the Judiciary in the investiga-
tion touching the breach of the privileges of
the House, shall be permitted to appear before
the House and argue the ease when under con-
sideration in this body. The committee have
declined to report in favor of this request;
but as the counsel desired it to be laid before
the House, we have acceded to that proposition,
in order that the House may decide upon the
matter.
In connection with this proposition, I will
say that on the trial of five members of the
House, twelve years ago, the House refused
to allow their counsel to be heard at the bar,
and such has been the practice at any time
since.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] representing the Judiciary
Committee, submits to the House the request
of counsel of Patrick Woods to be heard at the
bar ofthe House. Shall the request be granted?
The question was decided in the negative.
JACOB it DAVIS.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Freed-
men'a Affairs reported yesterday a bill for the
relief oi Jacob II. Davis, which, on a point of
order, was sent to the Committee ofthe Whole.
The Committee oil Freedmeii's Affairs des'.re
that the Committee of the Whole be discharged
from the further consideration of that bill, that
it. be recommitted, and that the House lay on
the table a motion to reconsider its recommit-
