50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
Department a condensed edition of said report con-
taining all the items of general interest,with accom-
panying corrected map of the United States and
Territories, showing the progress of public surveys
and the topographical features of the country, as
follows, namely: in German three thousand copies;
in French, one thousand copies, and in Swedish one
thousand copies.
MRS. margaret bonnaffon.
Mr. PROSSER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. li. No. 476) for the relief
of Mrs. Margaret Bonnaffon, mother ofthe late
Lieutenant A. B. Bonnaffon; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
issue of legal-tender notes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask leave to intro-
duce a bill authorizing an additional issue of
legal- tender notes to the amount of $44,000,000,
and for other purposes, and that it be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. GARFIEJLD, of Ohio. I shall object
unless the bill is to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency. We may as
well make that point now as ever.
Mr. ALLISON. I should like to hear the
bill read.
Mr. JUDD. I rise to a question of order.
I desire the ruling of the Chair upon the con-
tents of that bill, whether under the rule organ-
izing the Committee on Banking and Currency
it does not necessarily go to that committee ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no power
over the House in its votes referring bills. A
bill in relation to legal-tender notes may bo
sent to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds if the House chooses. If the Chair
were to give his view as to the applicability of
the rule it would be that the bill would prop-
erly go to the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency, but it is not within the province of the
Chair to make that ruling.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If this is to occasion
debate I desire to withdraw the subject from
consideration at the present time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman proposes
to withdraw the bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir; let the bill
stand, the motion to refer pending.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman would not
in that way reach his object so soon as to with-
draw his bill at present and introduce it again
at some other time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well; I will with-
draw the bill.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now insist upon
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of committees for reports, unless a
motion be made to go into Committee of the
Whole and proceed to tho consideration of the
special order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
House now resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole.
The motion was agreed to.
ninth census.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of House bill No. 424, to pro-
vide for taking the ninth census of the United
States, and to fix the number of the members
of the House of Representatives and to provide
for their future apportionment among the sev-
eral States.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
rose yesterday it was dividing upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr.
Smith. J The Clerk will report the amend-
ment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Before the Clerk pro-
ceeds I ask unanimous consent of the com-
mittee to allow me to move 
Ihp CHAIRMAN. Nothing is in order
pending the division of the committee upon a
question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I suppose I may be in
order by unanimous consent of the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. There can be no unan-
imous consent in Committee of the Whole.
The committee will first complete the division
upon the amendment of tlie gentleman from
Oregon.
The amendment was read, as follows :
Amend section four of the bill by inserting after
the word "inhabitants," in line six, tho words
"except Indians residing on reservations," so that
portion of the section will read " district superin-
tendent of the census, whoseduty itshallbetocause
all the inhabitants, except Indians residing on reser-
vations, to be enumerated," &c.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before the ques-
tion is taken I desire to ask the gentleman trom
Oregon [Mr. Smith] if he will not modify his
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] pro-
ceeding at this time?
Mr. SCOFIELD. We cannot have unani-
mous consent in Committee of the Whole;
that has just been decided. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Oregon whether he will
not modify his amendment 
Mr. SCOFIELD. I must call the gentleman
to order.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Smith, of Oregon, there were—ayes 38,
noes 92.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I move to amend
section four by inserting after the word "part"
in line fourteen the words " or one for such
city and one for the remaining portion of such
districts;" so that the proviso of the section
will read as follows:
Provided, That in any city which forms the whole
or a part of two or more congressional districts the
Secretary of the Interior may, if in his judgment
the efficiency of the service will thereby be pro-
moted, appoint one district superintendent for such
city and for the whole territory of the congressional
districts of which such city forms a part, or one for
such city and one for the remaining portion of such
districts, instead of one for each congressional dis-
trict, &c.
Mr. Chairman, I think the section as it now
stands would be found impracticable to some
extent. Take, for instance, my own district,
which consists of a small portion of the city of
St. Louis and eight counties outside, extending
for a distance of some one hundred and fifty
miles into the interior of the State of Missouri.
Now, under the section as it stands one super-
intendent would have to take the census for the
entire city of St. Louis and also for this vast
country district. Yet it is apparent, from the
text of the bill, that the committee desired to
separate the labor of taking the census in large
cities from that of taking it in the country dis-
tricts for reasons which are obvious to all, the
nature of the work being somewhat different.
I have offered this amendment so that the Sec-
retary of the Interior in cases like the one I
have mentioned may appoint a superintendent
for such cities and another superintendent for
the country districts, thereby separating the
work at his discretion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope that this
amendment will not prevail, as in the form
proposed it will work very badly indeed. Sup-
pose that there are a few townships lying on
the outside of the city of Cincinnati, and in-
cluded within the same congressional district.
In such a case a superintendent would be re-
quired for the city, and another for the few
townships, or perhaps half of a county outside.
By the bill the whole matter is left to the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Interior, and
this matter can be very well arranged by him
in his discretion without tying him up in the
law_ to what might be an absurdity in'its exe-
cution.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The gentleman
from Ohio evidently misunderstands the char-
acter of my amendment. It does not propose
to do anything of that kind. It leaves the
Secretary of the Interior the discretion in such
cases to consolidate the districts, but where the
country district is as large as it is in my own
it only gives him permission to separate it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I trust that the
amendment will not prevail.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend the
section by striking out all after the word "dis-
trict" in the fifteenth line, and I ask the Clerk
to read the words I propose to strike out.
The Clerk read as follows:
And a reasonable allowance for clerk hire may
be made to any district superintendent, the amount
whereof shall be determined by the Secretary of the
Interior, whenever, in his judgment, the necessities
of the service shall require it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
call the attention of the committee to the very
large amount of increased expense which will
be entailed upon the country by this bill over *
the amount paid in 1850 and 1860. This bill
provides for about two hundred and fifty super-
intendents. They are to have nothing to do
except to appoint enumerators, receive their
reports, and send them on to the Census Bureau.
That is all, sir. By the terms of this bill they
are to have eight dollars a day, and they must
be employed in this way, according to this bill,
about seven months. The gentleman from Ohio
says that the bill should be passed before the
Christmas holidays, and the Superintendent of
the Census must be appointed within ten days
and the district superintendents within thirty
days after that; which will make their appoint-
ment come about the first of February. The
census is to be taken on or before the 1st of
July, and these men are to get up their work
within sixty days after that, making two hun-
dred and ten days—call it two hundred days—
which at eight dollars a day makes $1,600 apiece
to two hundred and fifty superintendents, in all
$400,000. For what? For appointing enumer-
ators, distributing blanks, receiving the returns,
and sending them on to Washington. When
the census of 1850 was taken the whole ex-
pense of the duty performed at that time by
the marshals of the United States was §34,000.
And in 1860 it cost not very much more
than forty thousand dollars. Now, here is a
solid item for this comparatively trifling duty,
as far as time and labor are concerned, of
$400,000. And then it is provided that these
men shall have clerks. Of course every man
of them will have a clerk if in any way he can
get one. This army of two hundred and fifty
men as soon as they are sworn in will each
have a clerk. If one superintendent gets one
all will. Now, the marshals in 1850 and 18G0
had territories some eight times larger than
are provided for here.
message from tiie senate.
Here the committee rose informally; and
the Speaker having resumed the chair, a mes-
sage from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham, its Sec-
retary, announced that the Senate had passed,
without amendment, the bill of the House (H.
R. No. 331) to relieve certain persons therein
named from the political and general disabil-
ities imposed by the fourteenth constitutional
amendment of the United States, and for other
purposes.
ninth census.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union resumed its session.
Mr. SCOFIELD. When the committee rose
I was saying that the marshal who had a great
deal more labor to perform under the census
of 1850 and i860 was not allowed a clerk unless
the whole amount of his pay was less than five
hundred dollars. But here ever}7 man is to
have $1,600 and to have a clerk m addition.
I move to strike out the paragraph as to clerk
hire.
Mr. ALLISON. I think the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. ScoFiELD] is entirely mis-
taken as to the duties of these district super-
intendents. If he will examine the provisions
of this bill carefully he will observe that a great
variety of duties is imposed -upon these dis-
