1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5139
ment. If there be no objection this arrange-
ment will be made.
There was no objection.
ELECTION CONTEST DARRALL VS. BAILEY.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call up the contested
election case of Darrall vs. Bailey from the
third congressional district of the State of
Louisiana. I ask that the resolutions reported
by the majority of the committee be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That Adolphe Bailey is not entitled to
a seat as Representative in the Forty-.First Congress
from the third disttict of Louisiana.
llesolved, That C. 13. Darrall is entitled to his seat
as llopresentative in the Forty-I'irst Congress from
the third district of Louisiana.
Mr. STEVENSON, I now yield to my col-
league ou the committee, [Mr. IvRitii,] that
he may offer a substitute for the resolutions
just lead.
Mr. ivERlt. I offer the following as a sub-
stitute for the resolutions reported by the
majority of the committee :
lieiolved, That Adolphe Bailey was duly elccted,
and is entitled to a seat in the House of Represent-
atives of the Forty-First Congress as a Represent-
ative from the third congressional district of Louis-
iana, and should benow admitted thereto, on taking
the oath prescribed by law.
Mr. STEVENSON. I demand the previous
question on the resolutions of the majority
and the proposed amendment. I do not pro-
pose that the discussion of this case sliall
occupy more than the hour to which I shall be
entitled after the main question has been
ordered.
['he previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, on ac-
count of the press of business we shall be
obliged to rely upon the attentiou of the House
to the report of the committee, as in the time
allowed us we shall be able to do little more
than state the facts and the law, without elab-
orate argument or full citation of evidence.
This is the last of the Louisiana cases. I
trust it will be the last of its hind ever pre-
sented to this House. The district in question
comprises twelve parishes. The issue is formed
upon five. The parties agree that in seven
parishes there was a peaceable and lawful
election. These seven constitute the greater
part of the district geographically, contain a
majority of the population, a majority of the
registered electors, and cast a majority of the
vote polled, and of the whole registered vote.
The issue is upon five other parishes, in which
it is alleged, on the one hand, that there was
disorder and lawlessness, preventing a fair
election, and on the other hand that there was
peace and quietness.
I call attention, first, to the fact that in three
of these live disputed parishes there were no
votes cast for the Republican ticket, although
a majority of the voters were Republicans. In
another of the parishes there were only twenty-
five Republican votes cast, whereas there was
a majority of Republican voters. In another
where there were over two thousand Repub-
licans, only about one thousand Republican
votes were cast, and those would not have been
polled if soldiers had not come into the parish
the night before the day of election.
I invite attention to the tables on page 2 of
the report of the committee, where the facts
appear that of 28,486 registered electors in the
district, 18,881 were colored, a majority of col-
ored voters of 9,276. The same table shows
that the vote of the seven peaceable and uncon-
tested parishes was 15,294, and of the violent
and contested parishes 13,102, showing a ma-
jority in the peaceable parishes of 2,102, and
that a majority of the entire vote of the district
was cast in these seven peaceable parishes.
The registry—white and colored.
The number of registered oleetoi'S in the district,
   28.48(i
Of colored electors  18,aSl
Majority of colored voters  9-276
The colored nearly double the white voters.
Peaceable and violent.
The entire registry  28,486
That of the seven uncontested parishes, was... 15,204
That of the contested parishes  13,192
A majority in the peaceable parishes of  2,102
The vote.
The vote cast (including the alleged vote of St. Mar-
tin, of which there is no return,) was  20,106
The vote in the uncontested parishes was  14,627
The vote in the contested parishes (including
alleged vote of St. Martin) was 11,479
Majority in the peaceable parishes  3,148
I shall now pass to the cause of this singu-
lar state of things in the disturbed parishes,
and first of the parish of St. Landry. The
facts are briefly stated on pages 3 and 4 of the
report. Here the two parties were about
equally divided; but the election resulted in a
vote of 4,083 for Bailey, and for Darrall none.
What caused this change? About the last of
September, partiesbeiug thoroughly organized,
holding rival meetings and processions, it was
difficult to tell which had the majority. A riot
occurred. It began by the brutal whipping of
a young man from Ohio, eighteen years of age,
who was teaching school and editing a news-
paper. With revolvers drawn upon him, he
was caned in his school-house, in the presence
of the colored children. That excited alarm,
which spread through the parish, and the
whites gathered at Opelousas, the parish seat.
A large number of colored people were killed ;
over a dozen were taken from the jail at night
and executed. The parish was scoured by
armed men, and according to their own ac-
counts, it resulted in the killing and wounding
of about two hundred colored men, the driv-
ing out of all prominent Republicans, and the
annihilation of the party in that parish.
A question may be made whether a riot
occurring so long before the election could
affect the result. The effect of that riot not
only continued until the election, but it con-
tinues to this day. After it was over the riot-
ers organized a police force and patroled the
parish. They would not allow a man of color
to go from one place to another unless he wore
a badge of red flannel as a sign of surrender.
The colored men were obliged to join Demo-
cratic clubs, give up their certificate of regis-
tration, and take out protection papers. Ex-
cept they had these protection papers from
some Democratic club, they were not allowed
to live in peace or to vote. Here we found a
Frenchman, but lately in the country, acting
with the Democrats, who had no compunctions,
and who thought he had done right. He ad-
mitted there was no Republican party after
the riot. He organized two colored Demo-
cratic clubs, and went through the whole pro-
cess, and admitted it frankly.
Mr. KERR. Who was he?
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Herrison.
Extracts from his testimony.
"I saw no Radical negro clubs in the parish after
the riot. There was a Democratic negro club formed,
oi which I was the secretary, and which was from one
hundred to one hundred and fifty strong. There
were two clubs formed. We tried to biing all we
could into the clubs. They came to us very will-
ingly. When they came into the clubs they deliv-
ered up their registration papers and we gave them
protection papers." " * Y * *
" WehadthcKnightsof the White Cameha up there.
I was a member of that order. Most of the white
men in that neighborhood belonged to it. Old Mr.
Grirard does not belong to it; he is a man of some
sixty-four years of age. I do not know what other
white man does not belong to it. I do not know
every white man there yet. X am a newcomer m the
paiibh. X have been something like a year and a
half there. , „
" Question. Who commanded your company:
"Answer. I believe that night that they gave me
the command. They thought X was pretty smart, 1
suppose, and they chose me,
" Question. Did they call you a carpet-bagger up
there? . _ T
'' Answer. No, sir; not Quite. 1 suppose that if i
were a Radical they would call me one. Ihey have
generally called Radicals carpet-baggeis.
Extract from the testimony of Elbert Gantt.
" Question. Do you know what the Republican vote
in the parish was in April, 1868?
"Answer. I think the total Republican vote was
from twenty-two to twenty-three hundred.
"Question. What was it at the last November
election ?
"Answer. General Grant received never a vote.
"Question. Did Mr. Darrall get any?
"Answer. No, sir; not a vote.
"Question. How do you account for that difference?
"Answer. Icannotsay; no onesaid anything about
it at all. Everybody went up and voted the Demo-
cratic ticket. The Republican party had ceased to
exist in St. Landry since the liot. There has been
no such thing there since.
"Question. Were there any Republican meetings
held in that parish after the riot?
"Answer. Not one, I think.
"Question. Were theie any white Republican lead-
ers left in the parish after that?
' Ansioer. If there were they said very little aboutit.
"Question. Do you know otany colored Republican
leaders who were prominent and active after that?
"Ansioer. No, sir; not one."
"Thomas 0. Anderson :
" I live in St. Landry parish. I have lived there
twenty-four years, and twenty-nine years iu the
State. I camo from Virginia. I am an independent
conservative man m politics. I am a memberot tho
State senate. I waa elected by the white people
of the district, and by some colored voters, as an
independent candidate. The Republican vote in
the parish on the constitutional election was about
twenty-seven hundred.
" Question. What was the Republican vote there
last fall?
"Answer. Not one.
" Question. How do you account for that?
"Answer. I suppose that the colored persons who
represented the Republican party were afraid to vote.
" Question. Howhavo Iho colored people generally
behaved in that parish since tho surrender?
"Answer. Very well; better than we could have
expected under the circumstances.
" Question. Do you think that there was any reason
to apprehend any rising or insurrection on their
part ?
"Answer. I do not think so. Some of my friends
thought so, but I did not.
"Z. Saunders King sworn for Mr. Bailey:
"Question, Did you have any Kuklux in the neigh-
borhood?
"Answer. If the Knights of the White Cameha
were Kuklux. then we were all Kuklux.
"Question. You all belong to that order?
"Answer. Yes, sir, unless they arc in the same pre-
dicament as I sun, bems turned out.
"Question. Did you know of any organization of
the Kuklux separate and distinct iroin the Knights
of the White Camelia?
41 Ansioer. No, sir.
"Question. Did you hear of any other?
"Answer. None at all.
"Question. Was there any other Democratic organ-
ization except that of the Knights of tho White
Camelia?
"Answer. None at all.
"Question. That was your club ?
"Answer. That was our political club.
"Question. Where was that organization started?
"Ansioer. I do not know, My impression is that
it was started in St. Martin's parish, by General De
Blanc.
"Question. Who is he ?
"Answer. An ex-confederate general.
"Question. A Frenchman?
"Answer. Yes; a native of the parish.
"Question. Did he originate it in St. Landry?
"Answer. I do not know who originated it in St.
Landry. That was the first I beard ot it.
"Question. Did you see Mr. Bailey on the day of
tho riot?
"Answer. No, sir.
"Question. Did you hear of his taking any part
in it?
"Answer. No, sir; I did not hear of his taking any
active part in it. I heard of his turning out, as the
citizens of the whole town did, for the purpose of
protecting his family. He had his arms and equip-
ments.
"Question, Ho was not with your party of five?
"Answer. No, sir. It must have been the day of
the riot that he turned out. I do not recollect hav-
ing seen him there that day. I did afterward."
"J. II. Overton:
"Question. Did you see Mr. Bailey on either of
those days of the riot ?
"Answer. Yes; he wasinhis offico. I saw him go
backward and forward Irom his residence to his
ofuee.
"Question. Did you see what he did?
"Answer. No, sir.
"Question. Did you see him armed?
"Answer. I saw a gun in his hand."
"Jesse M. Lee:
"When I returned to New Orleans I found that
Captain E.A.Hooker, of the ninth cavalry, had been
ordered by General Rousseau to Opelousas to investi-
gate the riot. He remained there four oi five days,
and when he returned he came to me and wished to
get some depositions irom me. 1 asked him what he
had heard in relation to the matter up there. He
said that he had been there for four days an 1 had
not learned anything; that he coulu not get a ireed-
| man near him; that tho fourth day, when he was
1 unwell and confined to his room, it was generally
