3252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mav 5,
has brought forward many considerations
against this bill, some of which may be an-
swered, and perhaps all; but it certainly needs
reflection. Therefore, for the time being I
move to pass over this bill, which will keep it i
in its place on the Calendar, in order that we |
may consider the appropriation bill for a day
or two and then return to this bill. !
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not take
me off my feet.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill not
being at the head of the Calendar of special
orders, if passed over will go back to its place
on the general Oaleudar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; just where it is
now, and we can take it up any time on a vote
of the Senate. '
Mr. STEWART. Is a motion of that kind
in order when a Senator lias the floor?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been so
ruled and decided by the Senate on appeal,
that amotion to pass over a bill and place it
at the foot of the Calendar has rights under the
new rule as a question of order, and is to be
entertained by the Presiding Officer the same
as a point of order.
Mr. STEWART. That is a pretty cool way
of taking me off my feet; but I will wait for
the vote.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves that this bill be passed over,
and that motion is not debatable.
Mr. RAMSEY. What will be the effect af
that motion 011 the special orders- 011 the Cal-
endar? [Laughter.] ...
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill for the
abolition of the franking privilege will be the
next bill to come up if this bill should be
passed over.
Mr. RAMSEY. That bill comes up next?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be the
next bill in order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I suggest, with the
consent of the Senate, the propriety of passing
a resolution that the chairman of the Com-
mittee oh Post Offices and Post Roads has
fullv discharged his duty in reference to the bill
to abolish the franking privilege. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
not now in order. The motion of the Senator
from Vermont is not debatable.
The question being put, there were, on a
tlivistoh—ayes 26, noes 18-
Mr. HARLAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
' The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28j nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony. Bayard. CUsserly,
Conkling, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton, Fowler, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Johnston, Lewi®, - McQreery,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
THorton, Pratt, Saulsbnry, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott,
Sherman, Spencer, Stockton, Thayer, Yickers, and
Warner—28. _ _
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Cameron, Carpen-
ter, Chandler, Colo, Corbett. Cragin.Flanstgan, Ham-
ilton <rf Texas, Harlan, Harris, Howe, Howell, Os-
born, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Rica, Koss, Sprague,
Stewart. Sumner, Tipton, Willey, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Boreman, Brownlow,
.Cattell. Davis, Ferry, Gilbert, Hamlin, Howard, Kel-
logg, Norton, Nye, Patterson, IleveLs, Robertson,
Tburrnan, and Trumbull—17.
So the motion was agreed to.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the bill (EL 11. No.
986) to abolish the franking privilege.
Mr. STEWART. I move that that bill -be
passed over with a view to reaching the bill to
enforce tho fifteenth amendment, and upon
that motion 1 call for the yieas and nays.
Several Sewatoks. Oh, no; you do not
want the yeas and nays.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to know
the reason.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the motion of the Senator from
Nevada to pass over the pending bill it not
debatable except by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. Was tho motion to pass
over tho bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the mo-
tion of the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. CONKLING. I thought it was to post-
, pone. I hope it will not be passed over.
Mr. COLE. The statement was to pass it
over with a view to take up another bill. I
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada stated that as the object of his motion, i
The bill he alludes to is the next special order >
011 the Calendar. i
Mr. COLE. I supposed when we disposed
of the bill in regard to the Osage lands we were
going to proceed to the consideration of the
appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion was
not made, and is not made up to this time. If
it were made the motion to pass over would
have priority of it. |
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask for the yeas and nays
on this motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KELLOGG. What is the question? 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is ,
on the motion of the Senator from Nevada, to ;
pass over the bill abolishing the franking priv- |
ilege, the Senator from Nevada stating that he
desires to reach the next bill on the Calendar,
which is the bill to enforce the fifteenth amend-
ment.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to make an
inquiry. Does this motion determine anything
except the passing over of the pending bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is all.
Mr. STEWART. It brings us to the next
bill, which is the bill to enforce the fifteenth
amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. It merely prevents our
going on with the franking bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Amiss, Boreman, Corbett, Drake,
Edmunds, Flanagan, Fowler, Harris, Kellogg, Lewis,
MDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Rice, Sawyer, Schurx, Spencer,
Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Warner, and
i I WiJliams—25. , ^ , .
11 NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckingham,
| Carpenter, Cassorly, Chandler* Cole, Conkling. Cra-
1 gin, Fenton, Hamilton of Maryland, llarlao, Howe,
1 Howell, Johnston, McCreery, Morton, Pool, Pratt,
llamsey, Saulsbury. Scott, Sherman, Stockton,
Jipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Willey, Wilson, and
Yates—30. _
ABSENT—Messrs, Abbott, BroWBlow, Cameron,
Cattell, Davis, Ferry, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Howard, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Revels,
Robertson, Ross, «nd Thurman—17.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill for the
abolition of the franking privilege is before the
Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope we shall proceed
, with it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to post-
! pone the present atid all other orders, for the
purpose of proceeding to the consideration of
i the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I shall call for the yeas and
Days again on that motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish.to say simply this :
if we are disposed to do so, before we leave our
seats to-day there is no difficulty ia disposing
•finally of the bill, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege. Why should we not do.it?
Mr. DRAKE. Debate: is not in order upon
the motion.
Mr. GONKLING- This motion is debat-
able. _
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Maine
moves to pass over the pending bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not to pass over, but to postpone the franking
bill, which is a debatable motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to debate
it further than to say that we can dispose of
thi  bill once for all tO'day if "we will;
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wishtosayin
reply to that remark, with the indulgence'of
the "Senate, that there is not the slightest
probability of any such thing. The honorable
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumneii] lias
prepared an amendment in the nature of ji
substitute for the bill, on which I understand
he desires to speak.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me ask my honor-
able friend this question. Does he believe it
is likely that extended debate will take place
on the franking bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no question of it.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to say to my hon-
orable friend there is great question of it,
unless that debate is to be continued by Sen-
ators who do not speak to the merits of the
question. So simple is the question that the
debate cannot be, I submit, very extended;
and I have no idea that any member of the
body wishes to debate it merely to postpoue a
vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of course not.
Mr. CONKLING. Especially 1 think I have
a right to assume that as the question is within
very narrow limitB, if we will only give our-
selves to it now, after it has been taken up and
laid down so often, we can and we shall dis-
pose of it before we adjourn. I. submit there
can be no difficulty in doing it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I undertake to say that
if this bill passes in the shape in which it came
to as from the House of Representatives it will
be impracticable for the Government to transact
its business. It will be necessary to amend the
bill in order to enable the Government to trans-
act its business, and those amendments will
necessarily excite more ©r less discussion. The
bill cuts off the franking privilege from every
Department of this Government, and every
person in the country, and provides 110 sub-
stitute.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Departments of this
Government can pay their postage very readily,
as well as any other expense that they iucur.
Mr. EDM U N DS. Oat of what fund ?
Mr. RAMSEY. The funds of the Depart-
ments, There is no difficulty on that score
at all.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to ask a ques-
tion of the Senator from Oregon. I ask him
whether in his judgment it is important that
such a revision of the postal laws as this bill
makes necessary should be made in this'Wen-
| tical bill; whether it will not do perfectly well
to make, as the chairman of the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads proposes to
make, in a separate bill all those changes
which the abolition of the franking privilege
will entail? If so, then I sttbmit we may pass
; the bill, pare and simple, as it is, or make it
better if we ianj and theriwben we Come to a
general revision of thepostal laws let us make
those changes which there has been no difficulty
in: makingin England,in Germany, or any where
else where they wanted to make tbfeni.
Mr. WILLIAMS. When it is conceded that
if this bill becomes a law it will be necessary
to amend it, I should like to know what haste
there is about its enactment ? The Senator says
we may pass this bill and tben amend it in a
general revision of the pdital laws, admitting,
of course, that this bill cannot stand as the law
of the country. Now, sir, what assurance have
we if we pass this bill that we can agree upon
the details erf any bill revising the postal laws
of the country? I think we ought to-make
this biH a law that will be practicable before
*e pass it, and not pass a bill when we know it
ought ndt to be the law, hoping at some future
time to amend it and make it what the neces-
sities of tbe country require.
, . Mr. CONKLING. 1 beg to say to the hon-
orable-Senator that I did not say what he im*
putes to me, that this bill would requireameno-
1 ment. J simply said that if the franking prrf
1 ilege were swept away, no matter by what dhi>
