1870.
THK CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3253
of coarae in regard to other matters in the
postal laws some legislation would be neces- J
sary. That is conceded. I did not say that
this bill would require amendment; and I say
now, and I hope i shall not be tempted tovex
the ears of the Senate again on this subject,
that all we need do is to pass this bill precisely
as it is, not taking any effect until a day still
distant, and in the mean time, in one of those
bills which must inevitably be passed for other
purposes, let us make those revisions and
changes in the postal laws which will be neces-
sary. To assume that when we pass this bill
we shall not adopt the appropriate measures
to go with it I submit to the honorable Sena-
tor is entirely out of all reasonable question.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from New
York assumed that when the franking privilege
was abolished in England it was done pure
aad simple as is now proposed here, without
any accompanying measures. He is entirely
mistaken.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not assnme any
such thing. 1 beg to say to the Senator. I stated
quite the contrary. In England and Germany,
and elsewhere, the requisite changes that go
with it have been made with it, aad so the
requisite change* can be made her*.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood the Senator
to say they were made distinct from the aboli-
tion. The Senator again will excuse me for
saying that he is mistaken in assuming that
there has been any abolition of what I would
call the franking system either in France or in
Germany. Has it ever existed in either of
those countries?
Mr. CONKLING. I did not say it ever had
in France; bat I do say in Germany it was
abolished.
Mr. SUMNER. The franking privilege in
Germany was left for a long time in the hands
of the noble house, the Princes of Tour and
Taxis, who originally had the whole postal
franchise for all Germany; bat I am not aware
that the privilege was extended beyond the
heads of Governments., It found no parallel
to what I would rather call the system in Eng-
land and in our own country. When the
system was abolished in England it was done
upon inquiry, reasonably, with consideration,
and in combination with other important
measures, by which the whole postal service
of the cosntry was modified and changed. It
was at that time that cheap postage, or penny
postage, was established; and uatnraMy, by
a very natural process accompanying that great
transition, the franking system disappeared.
You have no such proposition before' you
bow. It is proposed to abolish the franking
system, pare and 6imple, without providing
any sabstitate, and without giving to the peo-
ple an equivalent in cheap postage. In Eng-
land that eqoivalent was afforded. They re-
ceived the great boon of penny postage, one
of the greatest boons ever vouchsafed to a peo-
ple; and that was the '•onsideralion for the
abolition of the franking system.
Xow, I have on the table a proposition, which
I hope to move as a sabstitate for the pending
measure whenever it comes op for considera-
tion, having in it some of -the same conditions
which will be foand in the English system.
That is a measure to cheapen the postal ser-
vice of the country, to sitnplify it, to facilitate
It, aad at the same time to abolish the frank-
ing privilege. I have a measure which I hope
* to a certain extent, I will not venture to say
Maiplete, but certainly more complete than
'Ins raw proposition merely to obliterate the
franking system.
The Senator from New York assumes that
the pending question ean be treated by itself;
that we may go on and vote ay or no for or
asaiost the franking system. I have already
given aotiee that I propose to move aaa.sub-
stitute a broader measnte, pro posing to cheapen
the whole portal service of the country ami to
simplify it, while at the same timfc we remove
the tanking system. Shalt not that be consid-
ered; or shall we press to the absolute abolition
of the franking system without considering in
any way any substitute?
1 do not think the Senate is this afternoon
disposed to proceed with the consideration of 1
the broad question that is opened by this prop-
osition ; and I would say I am not. I did not
anticipate that it could come tip to-day, and I
am not prepared with statistics and papers
which, at the proper time, I shall have occa-
sion to present. I think, therefore, we had
better proceed with the appropriation bill, and
then in duo time take up the bill of my friend,
the chairman of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and proceed with its consid-
eration. Wheu we consider it let us mature
it; let us not accept it in its present raw shape
and condition, but let its make it a measure
of mature legislation on which we are willing
to stand before the country. Who is willing
to stand on this measure alotie without anything
else? Is it worthy of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States? Is it worthy of this Chamber? I
think, sir, it is for us to apply the corrective
to the haste of the House, and, considering this
whole question, to present a system which will
be beneficent in its operation.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
Mr. RAMSEY". Will the Senator give way
to me for a moment?
Mr. CAMERON. I think I would rather
not. Mr. Presideht, we have wasted the whole
of this day. We have had before us three or
four very importantquestions, not oneof which
we have perfected. We have not progressed
a single step in the consideration of any one
of them. That makes me think that we are
not in a condition to-day for legislation ; and I
have always found that when the Senate, or any
other large body ao respectable as this always
is, gets in that peculiar condition, becomes
demoralized, to use the expression that was
used in the Array, it was better to adjourn. I
think the Senate is demoralized to-day, and
therefore I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let us t&keiip something,
so as to leave it as the unfinished business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As usual, we
seem to be wasting time. I therefore make n
motion which is not debatable. I move to pass
over the present measure.
Hr. SUMNER. Oh, no. Let us take a vote
on the proposition of the Senator from Maine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont submits a motion which has
priority under the new rule, whieh is, to pass
over the pending bill.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire, has not
that motion been voted upon without the inter-
vention of any business except amotion which
has not yet been disposed of?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There have been
business and debate since. The pendency of
this motion is basiness.
Mr. CONKLING. Is that sufficient business
to allow of this motion being made again?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is. The very fact that the pending motion
has been made since the motion to pass the bill
over-might induce Senators now to vote to pass
it over. The Chair thinks it changes the status
sufficiently to allow the motion to be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the status has
been sufficiently changed to renew the motion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania. I was so
impressed by his remarks And the propriety
of what he said that I renew the motion to
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The intervening
motion to pass over would justify a renewal of
the motion to adjourn.
. Mr. TRUMBULL. I make that motion.
Theqnestion being put, there were, oua divis-
ion—ayes 27* noes 24.
Mr. CONKLING called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 30 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron, C:is-
serly. Chandler, Cranio, l'enton, Flanagan, Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harris, Johnston, McCreeiy,
Morton, Osborn, Ross, Saulsbury, Suott, Spencer,
Spraguo, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull,Vick-
ors, nnd Tates—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Carponter, Cole, Conklinir, Corbett, Drake, Kd in units',
Ilarlan, Howe,Ilowell, Kellos?. McDonald, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Rioe, Robertson, Sawyer, Sehurz, Slieiimin,
Stewart, 'l'hayer, Warner,Wiliey, Williams, and Wil-
son—."0.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cattell. Da-
vis, Kerry,Gilbert, Hamilton ot Texas, llauilui, How-
ard, Lowis. Norton. Nye, Patterson, Pool, llovels, and
Thurman—1(>.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the motiou of the Senator from Ver-
mont, to pass over the pending bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask unanimous consent
to make a remark. [,"No!" "No!"]
Mr. STEWART. No; I was takeu off the
floor by this rule.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Ne-
vada will not object, I know, if nobody else
does. I wish to make an appeal to the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I object to debate on this
motion. •
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Nevada
does not object.
Mr. DRAKE. I object; and my objection
I is as good as tliat of the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir, and better than
anybody else's, for the Senator from Missouri
will not give up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable. It is to pass over the pending
bill.
Mr. HOWE. I call for the yeas and nays.
■ The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 86, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boreman, Cnsserly,
Cole, Corbott, Drake. Edmunds, Flanagan, Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Harris, Johnston,
Kellogg, Lewis. McDonald, Morrill ot'Mai no, Morrill
of Vermont, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Rice,
.Robertson, Sawyer, Schun, Spencer, Hpraguo. Stew-
art, .Stockton, Sumner, Thayer, Vickers, Warner,
and Williams—36.
NAYS—Me«srs. Anthony, Buckingham, Cameron,
Carpenter, Chandler, Conkling, Cragin, Fenton,
Howe, Ilowell, McCreery, Morton, Ramsey, Sanls-
bury, Scott, Sherman, Tipton, Trumbull, Willey,
WiNon. nnd Yntes—21.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cattell,
Davis, Ferry, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Howard, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Revels, Ross, and
Thurman—15.
So the motion was agreed to; and the bill
was passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next special
order is the bill (S. No. 810) to enforce the
fifteenth amendment to the Constitution ot the
, United States, which is before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that all
prior orders be postponed, with a view of taking
up the appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
' Maine moves that the present and all prior
order8.be postponed for trie purpose of proceed-
ing to the consideration of the legislative, exfecu-
i tive, and judicial appropriation bill,
i • Mr. MORTON. Let us staftd by the bill
! before the Senate.
I Mr. STEWART. Let it remain there. We
have had great tribulation in getting to it.
Now let us hold on to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. With the permission of
the Senator from Missouri, I would like to state
that yesterday we made a distinct agreement
with the Senator from Maine that if he would
allow the Calendar to he proceeded with, after
those bills that were npon the printed record
; had been disposed of and we had disposed of
j the entire Calendar, we should to-day take up
I the legislative appropriation bill. Never, since
| I have been a member of this body, has the
i Senate refused to give the floor to the Senator
having charge of the appropriation bills when
ne demanded it, and 1 think it is_treating the
Senator from Mainewith great unfairness unless
