1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2309
discussion so much legal lore, such a display
of precedent and authorities, so much zeal and
eloquence on each side of this controversy, that
I shall be pardoned if, as aplain man, unlearned
in the law, having onlysuch guides to a proper
understanding of the case as are furnished by
a tolerable knowledge of our language and a
tolerably clear conception of the facts, I am
diffident, and somewhat hesitate to commit
myself to any course among what appear to be
so many legal breakers. m
And when I recollect that the honorable
Senator from New York, [Mr. Conklixg,] who
opened the discussion with his characteristic
clearness and force, after an elaborate argu-
ment in support of the conclusions of the com-
mittee, found as the net result of his efforts,
so far at least as the aeute mind of the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin who sits near-
est him [Mr. Howe] was affected, that he had
produced a conviction exactly opposite to his
own, the mists and doubts of the question
thicken around me, and I scarcely see my way
out. Those Senators are both astute and pro-
found lawyers. The argument one makes to
support the fabric of his conclusion shatters
and destroys it in the mind of the other. The
eloquent appeal of the other honorable Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpexter] for the Con-
stitution, for the sanctity of our oaths, his warn-
ings of the danger of the precedent we should
establish by admitting General Ames to a seat
on this floor at this time, still echo in our ears.
The emphasized declarations of the law of the
case from the judicial lips of my friend the
honorable Senator from Ohio on my left, and
the mournful strains in which the honorable
Senators from Kentucky and Maryland bewail
the past and tell us of the wrong they think
inherent in the seating iu this body of any
Army officer situated as General Ames is and
has been, all admonish us to be careful what we
do, and, I confess, tend to perplex and confuse
the mind of one who listens to them.
Yet, Mr. President, recovering somewhat
from the anxious state of mind induced by
these admonitions and warnings, this wailing
of the past, deploring of the present, and ap-
prehension of the future, I look around me
and confess m_y inability to share the fears ex-
pressed for the dear old Constitution. Nobody
seems regardless even of its least important
provisions, and much less does anybody-pro-
pose to run a tilt against those sacred rights
of citizens and States which it guards. I think
it will stand this contest unhurt, and even if
General Ames should get into the Senate now
there will be enough left for him to swear by.
It has stood rougher breezes than this, and
will stand other and harder ones yet.
But, Mr. President, I propose to cast aside
for the time all allusion to, to turn my atten-
tion from, ail legal subtilties, and try and look
at General Ames's case as it appears when we
blow away the clouds of dust which have been
raised over it by this wind of debate. The
constitutional provision on the case is as fol-
lows:
" That no person shall be a Senator who shall not
have attained to the age cf thirty years, and been
nine years a citizen of tho United States, and who
shall not, when elected, be an inhabitant of that
Sta te for which he shall bo choscn."
The questions of age and nine years' citi-
zenship of the United Stales are not in issue.
The single question presented for our consid-
eration is, '• Was General Ames an inhabitant
of Mississippi when elected?" That is the
whole question. All admit that ho was bodily
present in the State. All admit that such
bodily presence did not per se make him an
inhabitant, using that word in its proper sense.
None claim that his presence in Mississippi
for one year, or two years, or any other period
as an officer of the Army under orders, would
make him an inhabitant. The Senator from
Ohio 011 my left alone of all who have thus
far participated in this discussion, maintains
that he could not while an Army officer, under
orders as such, become an inhabitant. This
position has, in my judgment, been successfully
assailed by the Senators from Indiana, New
Hampshire, and Oregon, and perhaps others.
The more correct statement seems to be that
an Army officer can do, sui juris, anything and
everything which any other citizen of the Uni-
ted States can do which from its nature is not
inconsistent with the relations he holds to the
officers in authority over him, nor with his duty
to the service in which he is enrolled- The
fixing of his domicile, the acquisition of that
relation to any community, expressed by the
word inhabitaucy, isno more inconsistent with
his relations to his superior officers or to the
service in the Army of his country than would
be the purchase of a house or of the bonds of
the Government. I assume, therefore, that he
could, sui juris, even when under orders as an
officer, elect where he would become domiciled.
Now, when does a man become an inhab-
itant of any community V Just at that moment
when being bodily present in that community
he forms the purpose of there remaining, or,
as the lawyers say, when he is bodily present,
aiiimo manendi. When was General Ames,
for thefirsttime, bodily present animo manendi
in Mississippi ? I answer, at the exact moment
when he yielded to the solicitations of citizens
of Mississippi and consented to become a can-
didate for a seat in this body. Not one minute
before, not one minute later. Fix the exact
time when he mentally formed tho purpose of
being a candidate for the position of Senator,
and you will have the date of his bodily pres-
ence in Mississippi, animo manendi. He knew
the constitutional provisions as to qualifica-
tions. One of these qualifications was that
" when elected" he must be an inhabitant of
Mississippi. His acceptance of the candidacy
was an overt act, making declaration of his
purposes to remain in Mississippi. When he
formed this purpose, and manifested it by ac-
cepting the nomination, there was no doubt or
contingency in the purpose. He knew he would
be elected as well as any man knows anything
which is not but is to be. His intentions to
remain an inhabitant were as absolute as any
human purposes. There was nothing to qualify
or restrict the absolute character of those inten-
tions except so far as all human purposes are
qualified by the knowledge that they may be
overruled or frustrated by events not antici-
pated.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator says
that General Ames knew at the time he formed
the intention to become a resident of Missis-
sippi, in case of liis election, that he would be
elected ; that he knew that as well as any fact
in the future could be known. If the election
was free, if the Legislature were free to elect
him or any other man, how could he have
known with such infallible certainty that he
would be elected?
Mr. SAWYER. He knew it in precisely
the same way in which my honorable friend
from Kentucky knew when the caucus of the
Democratic party in the State of Kentucky
nominated him for United States Senator,
there being a clear Democratic majority in the
Legislature, that he would be elected. He
knew it in the same way that the nominee of
any dominant political party after there has
been a nomination made knows that he will
be elected if he lives and they live.
Mr. DAVIS. If my honorable friend will
permit me, I used to own slaves, and when I
ordered those slaves to perform apiece ot work
I knew they would perform it, because they
were subject to my will and to my command;
and that is the mode in which General Ames
knew that the Legislature of Mississippi would
elect him.
Mr. SAWYER. The knowledge of the hon-
orable Senator with reference to what his slaves
would perform might have been qualified if his
order had been given on the3Xst of December,
1862, and the emancipation proclamation of
Mr. Lincoln took place unexpectedly to him
on the first day of the year following.
Mr. DAVIS. That is an evasion of the
argument.
Mr. SAWYER. There was the same quali-
fication which attends-all human intention, all
human purposes, a contingency that something
may happen which is not anticipated, which is
not expected.
It may be said that the reply of General Ames
to the question whether he would probably have
remained in Mississippi ifhe had not been elect-
ed Senator opposes this view, and proves that
the animus manendi formed at the time.he be-
came a candidate was not absolute- To that
I reply that the answer given by General Ames
to that question was given on a retrospective,
not a prospective view of the affair.
I moved into the State I have the honor in
part to represent in 1859. I was there in bodily
presence, animo manendi. My intention to
remain was absolute; there was no contingency
about it, except so far as all human intentions
are qualified by possible future events.
Do you ask me if I should probably have
gone to South Carolina to live in 18-59 if I had
known in that year what would be my condition
in 1802? I should answer you, not as General
Ames answered the question, "It is doubtful,"
but, emphatically, '"No." Does that throw
any character of uncertainty or contingency
upon the intention to become an inhabitant of
South Carolina formed by me in 1859? Sup-
pose you ask General Ames if he would have
proposed to remain an inhabitant of Missis-
sippi if after his determination so to remain
he had found that a suddenly developed pesti-
lence was striking down the great majority of
the people there, and proving certain death to
all who were not born there? He probably
would say, "No." Would that make you
believe that when he formed the determination
to become an inhabitant it was not as absolute
a determination as is made by any emigrant to
Mississippi? Ho foresaw no such pestilence.
Its possible occurrence formed no*part of the
case considered by him in making up his inten-
tion to stay in Mississippi. Nor did he antici-
pate or mentally provide for the possible con-
tingency of his not being elected. In his mind
there was no such contingency. At the time
he formed the purpose of becoming an inhab-
itant of Mississippi it did not exist in his mind.
The purpose then was absolute.
But, Mr. President, admitting for the argu-
ment's sake that the intention expressed by
him to his friends, and made manifest by his
acceptance of the nomination as Senator, was
contingent upon the happening of the event of
his election, and that this element of contin-
gency was present in his mind when he formed
the animus manendi, did not this contingency
disappear and leave his intention absolute at
the very moment when by the Constitution a
Senator must be an inhabitant of the State he
is to represent? The Constitution does not
require inhabitancy six months, six weeks, or
six days before election. It requires inhab-
itancy of the Senator when elected.'' Admit-
ting want of qualification up to the last second
of time prior to the consummation of the act
of election, this want was supplied completely at
the moment of the consummation of the act of
election, liut we shall be told that this inter-
pretation violates the spirit of the constitutional
, provision and defeats its purposes. Now, Mr.
jj President, I know of but oue way to arrive at
,< the spirit of the Constitution, and that is to
Ij construe its letter according to the usual mean-
Si ing of the words: and I submit that no violation
l! of the use of the English language is found m
|! sach an interpretation, butthat, on the con ra^y>
P the interpretation is exactly in consonance with
j| the usual and obvious meaning of the terms
il USThe Senators who sustain this report say
i thaf General Ames can go back and get re-
I elected ; that it will take but a few days, and
