1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4197
extraordinary. Why is it that the declaration is
made that he should at once be cashiered from
the Army ? Why is any reference made to the
penalty ? It is time enough to come to that
after ho has b'ecn convicted. We know what
tho consequences are. I now say, in behalf of
one '.vi,o cannot speak for himself, that from
my knowledge of that officer it will be found
that ho will come out of this investigation
unscathed ; that the charges against him are
false and unfounded. I say this because he
cannot speak for himself; and it is not right,
it is not just, that tho American Senate should
thus prejudge an officer of the Army. Let us
have an investigation fully, fairly, impartially,
and dispassionately, and let the consequences
fall where they belong.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President, I am
somewhat surprised at the direction this debate
has taken, and especially at the remarks of
the Senator from Wisconsin, who represented
the Committee on Foreign Relations as having
committed themselves on this question. I
know no member of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, with the exception of the chairman,
who has uttered one word with respect to this
question; and so far as it relates to the treaty
which is before the Senate for the annexation
of San Domingo, I would say that the com-
mittee are nearly equally divided on that ques-
tion. I believe that two, or possibly three,
members of the committee are in favor of the
treaty. Now, sir, I protest that this is unfair
to ihe Committee on Foreign Relations. Tho
chairman of the committee, for whom nobody
in this Senate has more respect than I have, is
not, I beg to say to the Senator from Nevada,
the be-all and the end-all of the Committee
on Foreign Relations. I say to iiim and to
every member of the Senate that each mem-
ber of that committee has a judgment of his
own on this and every other question that
comes before that committee.
T do net care to have this question thrown
before the Committee on Foreign^ Relations.
I simnly rose to protest against this injustice
to the committee as a whole, and to inuividual
members of that committee.
Mr. SUMNER. And to me also.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator from
New Hampshire allow me to ask him a ques-
tion ?
Mr. PAT TERSON. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. What is the mjustiee
to'that committee that the Senator complains
of? Is ii the remark of tho Senator from
Massachusetts, or is it our objecting to that
remark? . ...
Mr. PATTERSON. The remark of_ the
i onator from Wisconsin that the Committee
< n Foreign Relations had committed itself on
i 'ie question which it is proposed to lay before
that committee, when the committee, with Hie
exception of the chairman, has not uttered one
word on the subject. _
Mr. SUMNER. And the chairman has not
committed himself by a hair's breadth.
Mr. PATTERSON. The chairman is abun-
dant) v able to defend himself.
There was one other remark which was
dropped by one gentleman—I do not recollect
who it was, but I believe the Senator from
Nevada—that the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations had determined to bring this treaty to
the shambles. What are the facts? You have
a Committee on Foreign Relations, to which
committee all treaties arc referred. a
; committee investigated the_ facts surrounding
' the treaty, and came to an independent judg-
5 ment unon the question concerningthe treaty.
; If the committee reported against the treaty
they ought to be supposed to do that upon
r proper grounds, on just grounds, on grounds
that produced an honest conviction in their
minds. Are they to be stigmatized before
the Senate because they take ground against
f a treaty or in favor of a treaty? i hey take that
course which, according to their judgment, is
the proper course on all the facts before the
committee.
Now, sir, Ihave to say this to Senators: that
there have been men to members of that com-
mittee who have made very foul accusations
against parties who were connected with the
negotiation of this treaty. The charges have
not been made by members of the committee,
but by outside parties. If there are charges
resting in the Senate either in open or secret
session against persons in the Army or out of
the Army, those charges have never been
brought before the Senate or been brought
before the public by members of that commit-
tee. All that has been asked here or elsewhere
is that the committee should be allowed to call
for persons and papers to investigate these
charges, to know whether they are true or not
true. 1 hope, in God's name, they will be
proved not true, and that all the parties who
have been charged will come forth unscathed
from the furnace. That is all we ask. I do not
care to what committee this investigation goes.
For my single self I would rather it should go
to some other committee; for then if the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations is
correct the forces in that direction, Ijudge, will
be increased.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I do not see
any occasion for this apparent excitement on
the part of some members of the body. I do
not understand why members should be irri-
tated toward each other from anything grow-
ing out of tho presentation of the memorial of
Mr. Hatch. It is a memorial, as I understand
it, presented this morning by the honorable
Senator from Connecticut, in which the memo-
rialist states that ho has been maltreated and
made the subject of gross injustice on the part
of the Government of San Domingo, and he
appeals to his own Government to interfere in
some way or other in his behalf, and see to it
that justice shall be done him.
I believe that is all there is substantially in
the memorial. I have not been able to read
the memorial; it has not been printed; and,
therefore, I am in ignorance of its contents,
except so far as they have been detailed by the
Senator from Connecticut. Ordinarily, 1 pre-
sume sucli a paper ought to go to tho Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and under other
circumstances 1 should bo entirely willing that
it should go there, and that the matter should
be thoroughly investigated by them.
I understand, however, that tho memorial
contains some complaint against a Mr. Bab-
cock, who was in San Domingo about the time
the treaty, of which we all have some knowl-
edge, was entered into by the agents of tho
respective Governments, and that the complaint
is that Mr. Babcock interfered to prevent jus-
tice being done to Mr. Hatch. 1 do not know
what the allegation is in the petition.
Mr. FERRY. Will the Senator allow me
to state?
Mr. HOWARD. If you please.
Mr. FERRY. What I stated was that in the
evidence which supports the memorial of Mr.
Hatch as to the wrongs inflicted upon him
by this imprisonment it appears that General
Babcock, then in San Domingo, interfered to
prevent the release of Mr. Hatch lor certain
leasons connected with negotiations in which
General Babcock was at that time engaged.
That is what I stated.
Mr. HOWARD. And now it is proposed to
hold Mr. Babcock responsible for that inter-
ference, is it?
Mr. FERRY. No, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. Is it proposed to hold Mr.
Babcock responsible for this ?
Mr. FERRY. What I did was to move that
the memorial and accompanying papers be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations;
and thereupon Ibis debate was brought out.
Mr. DRAKE. And he is to be cashiered
immediately, according to the Senator from
Massachusetts,
Mr. HOWARD. I take it, my honorable
friend from Massachusetts did not intend any-
thing very unusual by that remark which he
made. 1 would be charitable to him on all
occasions, as I know he would be to and
I would rather impute that remark of his to the
fervor and enthusiasm of youth [laughter] than
to the deliberate purpose ofa man of his years.
I would be charitable even to him. , I do not
think that when the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts is sitting as a judge, and making
an inquiry between man and man to ascertain
which is the party involved, he would be likely
to be more influenced than any of the rest of
us. I believe that he would act as impartially
as a judge as any gentleman in this Chamber.
But, sir, there is another point in this mat-
ter to which I want to allude, an d with me it
is decisive as to the committee to which this
memorial ought to bo referred. I cannot speak
of it openly and freely ; but we all know what
it is, and in what way it is that Babcock is con-
nected with that matter, and how much stress
is placed by certain members of this body upon
the conduct of Babcock ; and in consequence
of this stress laid upon the conduct or the sup-
posed conduct of Babcock I prefer entirely that
this matter should be referred to a select com-
mittee who have not, as have some members of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, already
committed themselves out and out upon this
subject-matter which relates to Babcock.
Let us have an impartial committee. I do
not know but that the Committee on Foreign
Relations would act impartially in this matter;
but I entertain an apprehension that they have
gone so far upon a certain subject and in a
certain direction that perfect impartial justice
could not be expected at their hands. In say-
ing this, of course, I not do intend to cast any
reflection upon the committee or upon any
member of the committee ; but wc all know
that that committee, like the rest of us, are
human, and subject to huuia^i foibles and
human frailties ; that 
The VICE PRESIDEN 1\ The Senatorfrom
Michigan will suspend. The morning hour has
expired, and the Indian appropriation bill is
before the Senate, and the pending question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Kan-
sas, [Mr. Pomuroy,] in regard to the Osage
Indian lands.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that that go over
informally until a vote is taken on this matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan asks that the appropriation bill
bo passed over informally, subject to a demand
for the regular order, that the debate on this
petition may-continue.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
get rid of this matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amend ment of the Senator from Kansas
[Mr. Pomegot] to the Indian appropriation
bill, he having accepted the amendment to the
amendmentproposed by the Senatorfrom v er-
mont, [Mr. Edmunds.]
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the appro-
priation bill be passed over.
PRINTING OF TAX BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that question is
put I hope the Senator from Michigan will
allow an order to be made to which I know
there is no objection. It is to facilitate puolic
business. I offer this resolution :
Rewlved, That five hundred extracories of Houso
bill No. 2045, to reduce internal taxes, and roi otner
purposes, be printed for thouso of the benate.
It is the tax bill. I suppose the order may-
be made by unanimous consent without its ret
erence to the Committee on Printing^ ...
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that the printing of a bill for ^e"!?0 gen.
Senate exclusively can be ordered by
ate without a reference. . . ,
Mr. SHERMAN. I have had these kinas
of orders made often.
