5142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
ences prevailed. Men were obliged to join the
Democratic clubs and to accept protection
papers from them, and warned that they would
not be safe if they did not vote the Democratic
ticket. So that there was a full vote in this
district, a vote for the Democratic candidate,
constituted of his own party and of six or
seven thousand colored Republicans compelled
to vote for him against their sentiments and
wishes.
Now, the question is, first, whether that vote
shall stand. The claimant, Mr. Bailey, is here
to say that an election so carried in those par-
ishes is_ valid, and that he is entitled to a seat
under it. I do not suppose the House can
contemplate that result. Then, the second
question arises, whether the election in the
peaceable parishes is to be maintained ; and
that question is simply whether the majority
being peaceable has a right to be represented,
or whether a minority being lawless may pre-
vent a peaceable majority from holding a legal
election ?
It is a choice of evils, and wo arc brought
here in the last of these cases to the declara-
tion of what seems to me to be an unquestion-
able principle, that where the peaceable part of
the parishes constitutes in every respect, in
territory, population, registered votes, and votes
cast, a large majority of tlie district, the elec-
tion in the peaceable part ought to be sustained,
and the part which was lawless and violent
sloughed off. In this case there can be no
great or extraordinary hardship upon any one.
The majority of the people of this district will
be represented. A member will take the seat
who would have been elected throughout the
district had there been a peaceable election; a
man who carried for the State Legislature, in
the spring before, two of these disputed par-
ishes by a large majority, which are claimed
now to have voted largely against him. ilis
majority in those parishes m the spring was
1,200, and there can be no wrong done in ad-
mitting him to this seat. I yield now to the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Keiui] for thirty
minutes.
Mr. KERR addressed the House in remarks
which will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. S TEVENSON. 1 nowyield five minutes
to the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Shel-
don-. J
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. 1 have no '
doubt that the House is tired of these Louis-
iana election cases. I am happy to say that i
this is the last case from that Slate. Thegen- !
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Km®] has delivered
a eulogium on his friend, Judge Bailey, and I
do not propose to dispute what he has said in
regard to him. Butl can say for Dr. Darrall,
and the gentleman cannot dispute what I say as
to him, everything which he has said of Judge
Bailey. I think, therefore, we may be able to
agree upon one proposition, and that is, that
so far as the men are concerned they are both
good men.
I wish to correct an impression which the
House may have acquired from the statement
of the gentleman from Indiana, and to correct
liim also when he says that the Governor of
the State of Louisiana appointed these gentle-
men who led the riot in St. Landry to certain
oliices. The fact is they had been chosen by
the people, and the Governor commissioned
them, as was his duty under the law. That was
the action ot Governor Warmoth in connec-
tion with that matter.
Mr. KERR. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to make a remark here on the ques-
tion of fact to which he is now adverting. I
hold in my hand the official certificate of Gov-
e,"i0.IL^rarmoth, appointing Mr. Thompson
sheriff in the parish of St. Landry.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I accept the
gentleman s statements as to Mr. Thompson,
the sheriff: but I am right in what I said so
far as the mayor is concerned.
_ I his district comprises twelve parishes. Tn
eight of thuse parishes the election was peace-
able, and there is no dispute as to its validity;
and in those parishes Dr. Darrall has a major-
ity. In the other four we claim that there was
no election; no valid election whatever.
Now, the case presents a state of facts differ-
ent, perhaps, from those in any other election
case which has ever come before the House.
There is some force in the proposition of the
gentleman from Indiana, that, if there had been
a case of mere staying at home on the part of
the voters, and if Mr. Bailey had a majority of
the votes cast,, Mr. Bailey ought to be seated.
It is true that as far as the returns are con-
cerned Mr. Bailey appears to have had a major-
ity of the votes. But I wish to assert this fact:
that in the parish of St. Landry particularly
the colored men were by armed parties taken
to the polls and compelled by force to vote the
Democratic ticket. I challenge denial of that
statement, whether you take the testimony of
the Republicans or the Democrats.
Mr. KERR. There is not a word of truth
in the statement.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. The gen-
tleman from Indiana personally knows nothing
about it. I know nothing about it. But I
appeal to the testimony in the case. The facts
are these: these armed Democrats, when the
colored men went up there, took them to the
registration office, got their certificates, took
their certificates from them, gave them certifi-
cates of membership in the Democratic party,
and when the election took place they armed
themselves and took them to the polls, deliv-
ered to them their certificates of registration
and the Democratic tickets, made them vote
the Democratic tickets, and then took their
certificates of registration away from them and
sent them home. That is the testimony.
Mr. KERR. I do not want to be misun-
derstood. I want to know if the gentleman
says that, is the testimony in the case?
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I say it is.
Mr. KERR. I say it is not.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Well, I
appeal to the record.
Mr. KERR. I challenge the production of
any such testimony. The gentleman has no
right to come here and make such statements.
It is a vile slander on the people of that dis-
trict.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Whatlhave
asserted is true,^ and the gentleman knows it.
Mr. lvBRR. The gentleman knows it is not
true ; the gentleman states a falsehood.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Whv, sir,
in the spung ot ISG8, five or six months before
this election was held, there were cast in the
parish of St. Landry more than twenty-five
hundred Republican votes and in the fall not
one! What is the infeieuce from that slate of
facts? I say further, that the proof is that in
that parish alone two hundred and twenty col-
ored men were murdered between the 2oth of
September and the election day. I say fur-
ther, that every native Republican, black and j
white, was driven out of that parish by force. |
Many of them lost their lives, and a few escaped )
with their lives. Now, tlie question is whether i
the election shall be held to be valid or in- 1
valid. Two thirds of the territory, two thirds
of the population, two thirds of the voters were
in a state of peace, and we say that the two
thirds should be saved and the one third re-
jected. That is good law and good morals and
good 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I will yield the gentle-
man a few minutes more.
Mr, SHELDON, ot Louisiana. 1 simply ask
time to add that it is good scripture also, for I
believe it is said somewhere in the Bible, "If
thy hand offend thee, cut it off; it is better for
thee to enter into life maimed, than, having
two hands, to go into hell."
Mr. STEVENSON addressed to House in
remarks which will appear in the Appendix.
The first question was upon tho resolution
moved by Mr. Kkiui as a substitute for the
resolutions reported from the majority of the
special Committee of Elections.
Mr. KERR. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The substitute moved by Mr. Kerr was
read, as follows:
liesolvcd. That Adolphe Bailey was duly elected
and is on titled to a scat in the House of Representa-
tives of the Forty-I'irst Congress as a Representative
from the third congressional district of Louisiana,
and should be now admitted thereto on taking the
oath proscribed by law.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 36, nays 97, not voting
98 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnum,
Beck, Bird, Burr, Orebs,Dickinson, X>ox, Uetz, Oris-
wold, Johnson, Kerr, Knott,Lewis, Marshal!, May-
ham, McConmck, Mclvenzie, McNecly, Mungen,
Niblack, Randall, Rice, Rogers, Sherrod, Shober,
Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Sweeney, Trimble, Voor-
hecs. Wells, Bugone M. Wilson, and Winchester—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Arnell, Aspor,
Atwood. Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Blair,
Bol.es, Boyd, Ceoige M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley,
Buflinton, Burch.ird, Bardctt, Roderick R. Butler,
Cessna, Churchill, Amasa Cobb, Coburn. Cook,
Conger, Cullom, Davis, Degener, Dickey, Dyer, Ela,
Bcrriss, Binkclnburg, Fisher, Pitch, Harris, Hawloy,
lfay, Ilays.Hoflin, iloar,Iloiman, Hooper, Alexan-
der II. Jones, Judd, Julian, Ketcham.Knapp, May-
nard, McCarthy, McCrary, McKce, Mercur, Kliakim
it. Moore, Jesse H. Moore,William Moore. Morphis,
Myers, Ortli, Packard, Packcr, Paine, Palmer, Peek,
Perec, Peters, Phelps, Prosscr, Koots, Santord, Sar-
gent,, Sawyer, Scollold, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
Worthiugton C.Smith,William Smyth,Stevens,Ste-
venson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, 'i'aSe, Tay-
lor, Tillman, Townsend, 'IVichell,Wallace, Wolker,
Wheeler, Whitinorc, Wiilard, Williams, and John
T. Wilson—1)7%
.NOT VOTiXG—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Ayer,
Bailey, Banks, Barry, Beaman, Biggs, Bingham,
Booker, Bowen, James Brooks, Benjamin P. Butler,
Cake, Calkm, William T. Ciark, Sidney Clarke,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb. Conner, Covode, Cowles,
Cox, Dawes, Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Duval, Bld-
rictge. Parnsworth, Perry, Box, Uarlield, Gibson,
Giltillan, Haight, lialdoman, Hale, Bambleton,
llnimil, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hill, lioge, Iiotehkiss,
Irigcrsoll, Jcnckes, Thomas L.Jones, lveiley, Kel-
logg, Kclsey, Latlin, Lasti, Lawrence, Logan, Lougti-
ridge, Lynch, Mcljrew, Millies, Morgan, Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Negley,
Ncwshara, O'Neill, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, lJorter,
i otter, iteeves, Itidgr.ay, Schenck, Sehunaaker, Slo-
fi'im. Starkweather, Stone, Strader, Strong, Swann,
i anner, iytier, U'pson, Van Auken, Van llorn, Van
Trump, Van Wyck,Ward, Cauwalader C.Washburn,
W lthmn B,\v ashburn, Wilkinson, W'inans.Witcher,
Wood, and Woodward—90.
So the substitute offered by Mr. Kerb was
not agreed to.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. CONGER. My colleague, Mr. Bea-
man, is necessarily absent from the House to-
day on account ot sickness in his family.
Mr. CALKIN. Oil this question I am paired
with Mr. Van Horn. If lie were here he would
vote in the negative, and I should vote in the
a Airmail ve.
Mr. ARCHER. My colleague, Mr. Hamii.,1,,
who, if he were present, would vote -!ay,"
is paired on this question with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, Mr. O'Nkii.l,
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I am paired with the
gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Bingham. If he
were present I would vote in tho affirmative.
I he result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The question then recurred on agreeing to
the following resolutions, reported by the ma-
jority of the committee:
Jttxohed, That Adolphe Bailey is not entitled to a
seat as Representative in tho Forty-First Congress
lrom tfie tmrd dmtriet oi Louisiaua.
Jiesolvcd, That C. 1>. Darrall is entitled to his seat
as Representative in the Forty-first Congress fiorn
the tlmd district ot Louisiana.
Mr, RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays on agreeing to the second resolution,
the first resolution has, in another form, been
voted upon already.
_ lhe SPEAKER. If there be no objec-
tion the first resolution will be considered as
agreed to.
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon
ordering tho yeas and nays on agreeing to the
second resolution.
ihe yeas and nays were ordered.
