54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9.
section, the twenty-eighth, section of the bill,
we shall find a very extensive class of addi-
tional duties imposed on the district superin-
tendents. I will not detain the_ House by
reading an enumeration of the statistics which
they are required to obtain by this twenty-
eighth section.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Gobham, its Secre-
tary, announced that the Senate had agreed to
the amendments of the House to the concur-
rent resolution of the Senate relative to print-
ing the report of the Commissioner of Agri-
culture.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, the concur-
rent resolution of the House relative to print-
ing the report of the Commissioner of Patents.
The message also announced that the Senate
bad agreed to the concurrent resolution of the
House relative to printing the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, with
anamendment, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
NINTH CENSUS.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. PAINE. The district superintendent
is required to obtain all the information indi-
cated in the twenty-eighth section of this bill
by order of the Superintendent of the Census.
And yet he is not permitted, or at least not
required by the section, to call upon the enum-
erator to obtain any of the information. The
duty is simply devolved upon him to obtain
the information, and it is left for him to get it
as best he may.
Now, he must eitherimpose on the enumer-
ators this duty, which would be wholly foreign
to their other duties as specified in the bill, or
he must obtain it himself directly or through
the aid of the assessors. It seems to me that
in this section itself is to be found a reason for
giving the Secretary of the Interior a large dis-
cretion as to the amount of assistance to be
furnished to the Superintendent here. I would
be not only willing but anxious to adopt every
possible precaution against extravagance in
the execution of this law. I should be sorry
to see through a mistaken idea of economy any
provision ingrafted on the bill which would
interfere so essentially with the efficiency of
the district superintendent and impair so seri-
ously the value of the product of his labors as
would be a provision which would limit him in
all cases to the employment of a single clerk.
I hope this provision will not be ingrafted on
the bill.
_ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
rise further to debate this amendment, but to
offer an amendment to the whole section.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amend-
ment to the amendment pending. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Davis] has offered
an amendment, and the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] has proposed an amendment
to that amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. Davis's amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Scohelbs's
motion, to strike out the entire paragraph ; and
being put, the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
once for all to test the sense of the committee
upon this question, of whether we shall use the
present machinery and the officers we have, or
whether we shall create a new set of officers.
I wove, therefore, to strike out of this section
all after the word "that" in the first line to ,
the word "to" in the sixth line and insert the !
words "it shall be the duty of the assessors !
of internal revenue in each district;" so that !
the section, as amended, will read: j
&EC. 4. And be it further enacted. That it shall be !
the duty of the assessors of internal revenue m each
district to cause all the inhabitants to be enumer-
ated, and to obtain, or cause to be obtained, the
other statistical information within his district, m
the manner provided for in this act.
I shall then propose to strike out the whole
proviso, because the internal revenue assessors
have a sufficient clerical force already. In
case this amendment shall meet with the ap-
proval of the House I shall then propose to
amend other sections of the bill so as to make
them conform to that. I propose this as a test
question, that the assessors of internal revenue
shall do this duty, and there shall be nothing
more paid for it except the per diem, of assistant
assessors.
Now, then, Mr. Chairman, let us examine
this question for a moment. We have, in the
first place, an organization all over this coun-
try for obtaining certain statistical information.
The whole country is divided into districts
which are thoroughly explored, and I believe
our friends on this side will agree that certain
information is accurately obtained as a rule
under the efficiency of the present Adminis-
tration. We have, therefore, a number of
assistant assessors, and they have a per diem
allowance of three and five dollars a day when
they are actually at work.
Now, the whole expense of taking this census
would be the actual per diem of the assistant
assessors while doing this work. All the clerk
hire, all the offices, everything is now arranged.
You will observe that by this bill there is no
provision for offices for the district superin-
tendents, for stationery, or for anything at all,
except that their compensation shall be eight
dollars each per day. My friend from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] says that in the large cities,
New York for instance, we can get men with
brains enough to each take charge of a city
for eight dollars a day. AVell, if he can get it
for eight dollars a day, then brains are cheaper
in New York than anywhere that I know of.
I do not think it can be done.
But you have already a well-paid, well-
trained, thoroughly-sifted body of officers who
can do this work, and what is the objection to
it? My learned and eloquent friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] starting off with
a glowing picture of what we shall get if we
get what we want, tells us that he wants to
use these census enumerators as detectives
upon the assessors. He says he wants to show
by the incomes which shall be returned by
each census-taker how far the assistant assess-
ors have been true to their trust. Let me
inform the gentleman that the man who will
lie to an assistant assessor will not be likely to
tell the truth to a census-taker; especially as
the census-taker has no power to punish him
for the lie, while the assistant assessor has that
power.
Now, there is one idea in regard to this mat-
ter that may be worthy of consideration ; that
is, that men may not be willing to give inform-
ation to the assistant assessor lest in some way
it should lead to an increase of their taxes.
Now, there is no man of sense who does not
know that the census is for the purpose of
ascertaining, among other things, about the
apportionment of his taxes. And there is no
man who reasons upon the subject who will not
see that it is just as necessary to give a true
answer to the assistant assessor as it will be to
the census enumerator, who under this act may
be an assistant assessor appointed by the dis-
trict superintendent for this purpose.
Nop?, one argument in favor of obtaining
this information through the medium of the
internal revenue system is that the assistant
assessors are employed through only a part of
the year, so that they have ample time to do
this work ; and the additional duties proposed
to be assigned to these officers are exactly sim-
ilar to the duties already imposed upon them.
Now, sir, if the proposition which I am now
advocating should be favorably considered by
the House I would propose that the plans and
penalties, as well as the other machinery now
applied to the collection of taxes, be extended
to the collection of these census statistics.
There is in this bill a provision for a penalty
of thirty dollars upon any individual or corpora-
tion failing to make true and complete returns.
Now, what a penalty this would be on the
Pacific railroad for not giving full information!
With what, immense stringency would this pen-
alty bear upon such a corporation as that, or as
the Credit Mobilier of America!_ But under
the present internal revenue law, in case of the
failure of such a corporation to make satisfac-
tory returns to the assistant assessor he can
examine every book and every paper belong-
ing to the corporation, and he can thus find
out everything connected with their business.
Indeed, the assistant assessor ought to have
now substantially nearly all the information
contemplated by this census except the num-
bering of individuals, and this he can ascertain
better than anybody else. If you do not take
the assistant assessors as your enumerators
under this bill, then you will have all the dis-
advantages of the internal revenue system
without any of, its advantages. You will have
for the performance of this business men who
will be entire strangers to it and who yet will
be required to perform it in a very short time.
Gentlemen are very anxious that this duty
of taking the census shall be performed quickly,
so that there shall be no material change in the
condition of affairs in various parts of the
country during the time the census is being
taken. This is a very great desideratum. For
this purpose the machinery ought to be arranged
so as to work with the least possible friction;
and this end will be best secured by employing
for the work men who have already acquired
a familiarity with this class of duties under the
internal revenue system.
Now, there is one consideration which I want
to suggest to this House in all seriousness. If
we authorize the appointment in each of our
congressional districts of a new officer, whose
appointment we may influence with the Exec-
utive, together with the appointment of a num-
ber of subordinate officers, with as many clerks
as they can get, we shall be accused, whether
justly or unjustly, of voting that amount of
patronage into our own hands.
1 But we have too much of that description of
burden to carry, allow me to suggest, to enable
us to run a good race. This is especially so
when we have a set of officers with little to do
and who can do this work without any heavy
additional expense. I am therefore speaking
in the interest of tho party to which I belong;
and when I speak in that interest I feel that I
may do so because I believe that it is the inter-
est of the whole country ; but I am also speak-
ing in favor of the efficiency of the public ser-
vice when I urge upon the House not unneces-
sarily to multiply the number of public offi-
cers. I also speak in favor of the public service,
when I propose to save unnecessary expense.
I hold, sir, that the district superintendents
will not be more efficient than the assistant
assessors of the internal revenue. Men who
leave their business at four dollars a day for
sixty days will not be as efficient as men
already holding office as assistant assessors of
internal revenue.
If we want to get it through early why should
we organize new machinery when we have old
machinery fitted to the purpose and ready at
once? If you want the census correctly taken,
then take tried men. If you want to take it
economically why appoint new officers when
we have old officers who are fitted for the duty? ■
Why make new depots; why establish now
paraphernalia for carrying out this great work,
the importance of which I agree in as fully as
any gentleman who presses the passage of this
bill ? Why take this new paraphernalia when
we have this old paraphernalia at our hands 1
Mr. Chairman, I shall bow, as I always do,
to the judgment of the House in this matter,
but I submit this matter to their careful con-
sideration.
