2310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
then all objections to his taking his seat will
be removed. I see no reason why we should
ask the Legislature of Mississippi to say again
that they consider General Ames an inhabitant
of Mississippi and their choice for United
States Senator, when they have already said
both those .things. Nor do I see how the pur-
poses .of the framers of the Constitution in the
insertion of this provision can be better carried
out by having General Ames go back to Mis-
sissippi, go through the form of a new election,
and then return here to take his seat, than by
his present admission. His identification with
the local interests of that State would be no
more complete than it is now. His declara-
tion that he intended to reside there could be
no fuller than the one he formerly made. His
intention would be subject to the same kind
and the same extent of contingency which
attended his former intention.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator will
allow me to make a suggestion, there would
be this difference between the two cases: if
he went down there voluntarily this afternoon
and stayed over night and came backto-morrow
he would then have remained twenty-four hours
in that State of his own free will, which he
never had done prior to the time of his elec-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. Let me remind the Sen-
ator that there is no law by which General
Ames could be elected if he should go back
now. The law of Congress prescribes when
the election shall be held, and that time has
gone by, and therefore they could not elect
him now.
Mr. SAWYER. If the objection of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin were of value it would
go to prove that he entertained the idea that
as an Army officer General Ames could not
elect a residence. I repeat, and I ask the at-
tention ofthe Senator to it, if his objection were
valid it would go to prove that he entertained
the opinion that General Ames could not as
an Army officer at anytime, while under orders,
elect a domicile.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator will allow
me to say that that is a totally different ques-
tion. Whether an officer of the Army, stationed
by orders in a particular State, can acquire a
domicile or residence or becomeaninhabitant
of that State is one thing. Concede that he
may, I maintain that there is no evidence what-
ever showing that General Ames did so.
Mr. SAWYER. That is exactly the point
on which we differ. I maintain that when lie
aeccpted the nomination to an office which by
the Constitution required as one of its qualifi-
cations the fact of inhabitancy to exist he
made manifest his purpose in that particular
as well as though lie had bought a plantation
and carried on cotton planting.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand the Sen-
ator to conccde in his argument that the fact
that General Ames went to Mississippi under
orders is not an element in creating his inhab-
itancy in that State.
Mr. SAWYER. I distinctly stated that in
the beginning of my remarks.
Mr. CARPENTER. Now, let us take that
as so much settled. Suppose General Ames
instead of going to Mississippi in obedience to
orders, which is conceded to be of no conse-
quence, had simply gone to Chicago, and from
Chicago had telegraphed to the people of Mis-
sissippi that he would go and cast his lot with
them if they would elect him Senator. They
take him at his word, close the contract, elect
him Senator, and send him a commission, and
he comes hereto take his seat. Now, if Gen-
eral Ames's going there in obedience to orders
is not an element in the creation of his inhab-
itancy in that State, then there is no difference
between his case and the case I suppose of
his remaining in Chicago, never having been
bodily in the State of Mississippi at all.
Mr. SAWYER. The elements necessary to
create the inhabitancy are the bodily presence
with the intention of remaining. The bodily
presence was first created by military order.
When, however, he made up his mind to re-
main as an inhabitant of Mississippi he then
was siiCt, sponte an -inhabitant of Mississippi,
not by the orders of somebody else.
Mr. CONKLING. With the permission of
the honorable Senator from South Carolina, I
should like to ask him a question ; because if it is
true that bodily presence is such an element as
this in the case, I should like to know it in future
cases. Does the honorable Senator state the
law to be that inhabitancy consists, first, of
bodily presence, and second, of the animus
manendi ?
Mr. SAWYER. I sit at the feet of Gama-
liel. I heard that proposition made by lawyers
on the floor of the Senate on both sides.
Mr. CONKLING. lbeg to say to the hon-
orable Senator that I have not heard that. I
did not know such was the law.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator from Mary-
land [Mr. Vickers] made that statement.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's
pardon. There are a great many cases in
which bodily presence becomes an overt act,
as the Senator from Maryland phrased it; but
there are as many cases where bodily presence
has nothing to do with it at all, and, if the Sen-
ator from South Carolina will allow me to do
so, I will put a bi'ief case to him.
Mr. SAWYER. Very well.
Mr. CONKLING. Suppose, for example,
knowing as I do a certain residence in the State
of Pennsylvania, I say to one of the Senators
from that State who is going home to-night,
" Will you inquire and see if I can purchase
that place? If you find out that I can upon
such and such terms, I will purchase it and
remove to the State of Pennsylvania." ,He
goes home and bears me back the message that
1 can obtain it. By correspondence I close
the contract; I pay my money and I take my
deed ; I direct my family and the things that
pertain to me to be transported there. I am
detained here until July or some other time
by this session of Congress, so that in bodily
presence I never meanwhile visit the Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania at all. Does the Sen-
ator suppose that in that case my bodily presence
here and my non-bodily presence there would,
even in the estimation of a hair, enter into the
consideration of the question of my inhabit-
ancy? Not at all.
Therefore we see that while bodily presence
in a voluntary sense is often put in the books as
a thing constituting a fact, as the Senator him-
self has phrased it, per se, it is a matter of no
earthly consequence. Therefore it is that in
the case of a prisoner, an exile, a minor, a
married woman, a common soldier, a naval
officer, a military officer, and in many other
cases that maybe put, differing only in circum-
stance, but not differing at all in principle,
the bodily asportation of the person from one
point to another is of no earthly consequence ;
but it leaves the case, as my friend by my side
[Mr. Carpenter] has well said, precisely as it
would have been had General Ames gone to
Chicago, and from there telegraphed this inten-
tion, because the fact that his flesh and bones
had been transported, not by his animus, but
by what the surgeons would call the vis a iergo,
the power from behind, by the animus of a
superior power, is alien to the case, and it is
imported into the case in violation of the prin-
ciples of law, deserving to be laid aside, and
leaving it as it would bo without that fact at all.
Mr. SAWYER. Allow me to ask the hon-
orable Senator a question before he takes his
seat: whether, in the case he has supposed of
ordering the purchase of an estate in Pennsyl-
vania and the removal of his family to that
estate, he concedes that that would make him
an inhabitant of Pennsylvania?
Mr. CONKLING. Undoubtedly. I concede
that if I determine in my own mind to oblit-
erate my residence where it is and remove all
that pertains to me to the State of Pennsyl-
vania, or Delaware, and I then proceed to exe-
cute in fact that determination, so that it
becomes an accomplished fact forthe purpose
of my intention, the old inhabitancy is gone, a
new inhabitancy is created ; in the language of
John Marshall, I have become incorporated
into the new society ; and the faet that I went
there in my own person to superintend it, or
was there, or the fact that I was unable to do
so, is of the utmost immateriality.
Mr. SAWYER. But in the case of General
Ames Iwinderstand the honorable Senator to
maintaiu that General Ames having the inten-
tion to reside in Mississippi, and being actually
there by the orders of somebody else, that en-
forced presence there defeats the existence of
the intention.
Mr. CONKLING. If my honorable friend
will allow me, I prefer to state my position in
this way briefly: in the case of General Ames,
as in every other ease, two elements were ne-
cessary to constitute inhabitancy: first, the
intention, and second, the intention executed.
In other words, the intention executed must
be evidenced by the fact.
Now, I borrow the expression of my learned
friend when I say that the presence of General
Ames is not per se an element in the case.
Why? Because that presence was not sui
juris, but it was in consequence ofthe action
of superior authority.
Now, I say in the case of General Ames
that both the fact and the intention are absent.
Why do I say that? Because throughout this
long debate appeals have been made, and made
in vain, for one fact, for one overt act, for one
circumstance, physical or spiritual, beyond that
thing which the Senator says is per se of no
account, to wit, his enforced or involuntary
presence. And then, when you come to the
matter of intention, 1 say to the Senator it is
absolutely absent, as I understand the facts,
because it was not certain, but contingent; and
contingent upon what? Contingent upon the
very event which it must absolutely precede.
Therefore I say both the intention and the faet
by which that intention must be evidenced are
wholly absent from the case.
Mr. SAWYER. Then, Mr. President, we
take issue as to the fact. The fact in my mind
is that General Ames accepted the nomination
and became a candidate for the office of Sen-
ator, and that that fact is as significant of his
intention to remain and be an inhabitant of
Mississippi as any other act which he could per-
form, whether it be the purchase of a house or
the transaction of any other business which
would naturally tie him to the community in
which he lived. It is even stronger than that,
inasmuch as it is not necessary, in order that he
should purchase a house or engage in business
in Mississippi, that he should become an inhab-
itant ; but for this particular purpose which he
had in view it was necessary that he should
become an inhabitant. Ipso facto, the accept-
ance of the nomination to an office one of the
qualifications of which was inhabitancy was as
strong a fact as can be produced to establish it.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me a moment?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. The matter of physical
presence being laid aside by agreement between
the Senator and myself 
Mr. SAWYER. I think the Senator is
assuming a little. I do not lay that aside.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope my honorable
friend will be intrepid as a logician as he is
intrepid as a Senator and frank as a reasoner,
and that he will not recoil from the sound he
hiniself has made. Then, agreeing that the
bodily presence per seis not a material element
in this case, I put to the honorable Senator this
case: suppose I go to Delaware to-night and
say at Wilmington to those I meet, "If you
elect me to the next vacancy in the Senatorship
from Delaware I will reside in the State of Del-
aware," and they proceed and elect me; I ask
the Senator now whether that case does not
contain every element which he puts'-into this
