1366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
gain or compact- between Congress and Vir-
ginia?
But the reason these conditions cannot be
imposed, in my judgment, is this: the Constitu-
tion of the United States authorizes the admis-
sion of new States into this Uuion ; that is the
language: "new States maybe admitted by
the Congress into this Union." The States
which formed the Government originally were
coequal States. There were thirteen of them ;
there were no conditions on one that were not
upon another. Now we have almost three
times as many States as when the Union was
formed. If new States can be admitted with
one condition, may they not be admitted with
another condition ? Suppose that you change
the conditions that you put on the various
States from time to time as you admit them,
may you not in that way change the whole
frame of the Government? If you have a right
to impose one condition you have a right to
impose another, and you will have here a Fed-
eral Government composed of States unequal
in power. These conditions, you will observe,
apply to the civil and political rights belonging
to the State. Now, it you can take away civil
and political rights from one State in one
respect, you may from another State in another
respect, and you will have here a change of
the Constitution of the United States by having
States with different rights, and a Union dif-
ferent from "this Union" which was formed
by the Constitution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
West Virginia.
Mr. HOWfi. On this question I am paiytd
with my colleague, Mr. Carpenter, who is con-
fined to his room by indisposition. He, I sup-
pose, would vote for this amendment; I should
vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 36; as follows:
■ YEAS—Messrs.Bayard,Casserly, Conkling, Davis,
ferry. Fowler, Hamilton, Johnston, Kellogg, Mo-
Creery, Nye, Boss, Saulsbury, Sawyer. Sprague,
Stewart, Stockton, Tburman, Trumbull, Vickers,
Warner, Willey, and Williams—23.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Chandler, Cole,
Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton, Gilbert, Hamlin,
Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howell, McDonald, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Pome-
roy. Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Scott,
Spencer, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wilson, and
ABSENT—Messrs. Carpenter, Cattell, Corbett,
Howe, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Schurs,
and Sherman—9.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
reenrs on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to strike out all of the
bill after the words "United States," in line
four, upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I have paired o*ff on this ques-
tion. I am desired to say by my colleague that
if he were here to vote on the passage of the
bill he would vote for it with myself.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Cole, Conkling,
Davis, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler, Hamilton, Johnston,
Kellogg, McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Ross, Sauls-
burr. Sawyer, Scott, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, 1
Thurman ,'fipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner, Wil- '
ley, and Williams—27.
NA Y.S — M e? s r?. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Chandler, Cra- :
gin, Drake. Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan,Har-
ris, Howard, Howell. McDonald. Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nye, Osborn.Pomeroy.Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
Rice. Robertson, Spencer, Samner, Thayer, Wilson, ]
und Yatci—32.
ABSENT — Messrs. Carpenter, Cattell, Corbett,
Howe. Lewi3, Norton, Patterson, Schurx, and Sher-
man—3.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the commit- j
tee to strike out the preamble.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Bat one amend-
ment has been made, in Committee of the
Whole, striking out the word " said."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That should be in now,
the preamble remaining in the bill.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 50, nays 11; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony,Boreman,Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton,
Gilbert, Hamlin, Flnrlan, Harris, Howard, Howe,
Howell, Kellogg, McDonald. Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton. Nye, Osborn, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson,
Ross, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton. Trumbull, W arner, Willey,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—50.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Fowler,
Hamilton, Johnston. McCrcery, Saulsbury, Stock-
ton, Thurman. and Vickers—11.
ABSENT—Messrs.Carpenter .Cattell, Ferry,Lewis,
Norton, Schurz, and Sherman—7.
So the bill was passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state thatthere is one special order on the Calen-
dar which by the thirty-first rule cannot lose its
precedence except by the direction of the Sen-
ate, which is the funding bill. That bill is now
regularly before the Senate.
Mr.' HAMLIN. I move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of talcing up Sen-
ate bill No. 215, to amend the usury laws in the
District of Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDENT, That motion is
in order.
Mr. RAMSEY. I thought there were two
questions on a proposition of that kind.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. We can divide the ques-
tion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for a division of
the question.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to postpone all
prior orders. That is the parliamentary mo-
tion. I do it for the purpose of calling up that
bill, and I want the sense of the Senate, that
is all, that it shall be the unfinished business
for to-morrow. To-morrow is the day assigned
by the vote of the Senate to the District of
Columbia. I ask them to give it to me.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine now moves to postpone all prior orders.
Mr. CAMERON. Now, I make a motion
in connection with that. To-morrow has been
appropriated to the business of the District of
Columbia, which I think is right; but I move
to add that as soon as that business is disposed
of the Senate will go into executive session and
take up the Calendar.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator can make that
motion afterward. He cannot connect that
with this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion can
be entertained now only by unanimous consent,
as the Senate each day mnst determine the
business of the day's session.
Mr. CAMERON. I know a single vote can
put off auy question when Senators do not want
to act on it; but if Senators will give their minds
for a second to the subject which I present to
them they will agree that we ought to go into
executive session. This morning I said that
I should move an executive session at three
o'clock to-day. That motion was in order,
and I had a right at that time to make it; but
finding the Senate was going to dispose of the
Mississippi question, I did not do so. I acted
thus out of regard for the business of the
Senate, and now the same motive which im-
pelled me this morning to give that notice
impels me again to say that we ought to-morrow
to devote some hours to executive business.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us vote on this motion.
Mr. CAMERON. I will say that at two
o'clock to-morrow I shall move an executive
session.
The VICE PRES1 DENT. The Senator from
Maine moves to postpone the present and all
prior orders.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to know before
we vote what is the immediate order to be
postponed.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. It is the funding
bill, a special order, being the only special
order on the Calendar.
Mr. CONKLING. The purpose is to post-
pone that in order that we may take up the
bill in reference to usury in the District.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir j the purpose is
to postpone it. I propose to substitute for
that bill the business of the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. CAMERON. My motion is, I think,
very well understood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Maine has priority, which is
to postpone the present and all prior orders.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move to take up the
bill which I indicated, Senate bill No. 215,
to amend the usury laws in the District of
Columbia.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine moves to proceed to the considera-
tion of the bill in regard to the usury laws in
the District of Columbia.
Mr. CHANDLER. Last Monday was as-
signed to the Committee on Commerce. The
Committee on Commerce have some fifteen or
sixteen bills here, many of which ought to pass.
The District of Columbia has had one or two
or three days of the ti me of the Senate already;
the commerce of the country has not had ten
minutes; and the time has arrived when I
must insist upon a day for the transaction of
business from the Committee on Commerce;
and I give notice that I shall antagonize this
and every other motion that is made for to-
morrow except the business from the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest to my
friend a way of peace and harmony, which is
to allow the District business to go on to-mor-
row according to the rule, being the special
order for Friday; and then foV my friend to
make his important measures a special order
for Monday.
Mr. CHANDLER. They were made the
special order for last Monday.
Mr. SUMNER. I know they were; but
they have lost their position owing to the pend-
ency of the Mississippi bill. Now, make them
the special order for next Monday.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is the bill for the
abolition of the franking privilege, which ought
to be considered soon.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am not aware that
Friday is set apart for the business of the Dis-
trict of Columbia at all. The District of
Columbia muBt need an immense amount of
legislation if it requires every Friday to trans-
act it. I think the business of the District
of Columbia can wait until the commercial
interests of the nation are taken care of a
little.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the attention of the
Senate for a moment. Over the District of
Columbia we have exclusive jurisdiction. The
people of the District look to us for all their
legislation. That legislation is as various as
the legislation of a whole State. And when we
have asked and by importunity have secured
a part of one day, in a session that is running
into its third month, for that District, I am met
by these objections all around me. I move to
take up this bill only thatit shall be the unfinished
business for to-morrow morning. Now, sir.
the legislation of this District is important, ana
it is vastly more important to this District than
the various measures which I think the Senator
proposes to introduce here; and it is just about
as much as they can do to get one part of a
day. I will not consume the time of the Sen-
ate ; I ask them to take up the bill; I commit
