4198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
put the question on the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
order or business.
T1#VTCE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan moves to pass over the appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
we ought to do that. I have no objection to
laying aside the appropriation bill informally,
but there is no telling how long this debate
will continue.
Mr. CHANDLER. The proposition to pass
over the appropriation bill informally was ob-
jected to, and therefore the only course was
to pass it over on motion. It will come up the
moment we get through with this matter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But this may
occupy the entire day.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan moves to pass over the appro-
priation bill for the purpose of continuing the
consideration of the resolution offered by the
Senator from Connecticut.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 28, noes 18.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEWART. I'hope the Senator from
Michigan will give way to me for a moment;
that I may make a report.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
REPORTS OF COMMITTU15S.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 973) to prohibit contractsfor servile labor,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, l'rom the Committee on
Private Laud Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (H. li. No. 387) for the relief of
Charles Pitcher, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of li. W.
Dawson, for compensation tor certain timber
used in the construction of a bridge over the
Pocotaligo river by order of a United States
officer, in July, 18G1, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 228) to enlarge the jurisdiction of
the probate courts of Idaho Territory, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of R.- M. Corwine,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims; which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
'Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 978) to facilitate telegraphic com-
munication between the United States and
Bermuda Islands; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and ordered to be printed.
DAVIS HATCH—DOMINICAN AFi'AIIlS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the resolution of the Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Ferry] to refer the petition of
Davis Hatch, presented by him, to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, with instructions
to inquire into the facts alleged therein, and
with power to send for persons and paners.
Upon this question the Senator from Michigan
[Air. Howard] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I had nearly
closed what I had to say upou this subject. Mr.
Babcock is not on trial before this body; and
if he has committed in Dominica any wrong
to an American citizen, or to a citizen *of the
Dominican republic, the proper jurisdiction
of his offense is in the republic of Dominica;
he is to answer for it there. Complaint has
been made that he interfered to prevent the
release of Mr. Hatch. Mr. Hatch, it seems,
was an American citizen residing in San Do-
mingo, and for some cause or other, we know
not what, he was apprehended and placed in
confinement for a considerable time by the
authorities of San Domingo. What were the
accusations against him does not appear, except
upon the memorial which haa been presented
in his behalf and which has not yet been printed.
He was arrested by the Government of San
Domingo for something; of course for some
offense against the laws of that country. After
remaining in confinement a considerable time
he was released, not by Mr. Babcock, but by
the Government of San Domingo, for sufficient
cause appearing to them undoubtedly.
Mr. PERRY. On demand made by Admiral
Poor, commanding our squadron.
Mr. HOWARD. The demand made was
not by the American admiral particularly; the
demand was made by an American commercial
agent having full authority from the President
of the United States. Mr. Perry made the
demand for the release of Hatch, and he was
released by the Government of San Domingo
in accordance with that demand. That is the
fact about it, and I am able to state this authen-
tically. What may have been the agency of
Mr. Babcock in this matter I do not know, and
I hardly think it is worth while to spend much
time inquiring into it. However, the Senate
will decide that matter for themselves.
I think, inasmuch as we have a treaty pend-
ing with which this matter is closely connected,
from which it is almost inseparable, that the
whole thing had better be referred to a select
committee, the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions having, as the whole country knows,
made a report on the subject of that treaty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It seems to
me that we are magnifying this matter very
much more than is necessary by the state of
facts. I do not understand that if the facts
charged should be proved they have much ref-
erence to the treaty, or would change the vote
of any member in relation to the treaty; and
I have no doubt that General Babcock will be
able to defend himself in relation to any charges
that maybe made against him. Now, it seems
to me we had better allow this petition to take
the ordinary course, and be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations; otherwise
we shall be trying, it seems to me, the chair-
man of that committee upon a resolution to
investigate a matter in relation to some other
party. It seems to me that it will be very
small business on the part of the Senate to say
that the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations is not fit to sit upon this com-
mittee. Does any Senator believe that he will
notgreport the facts truly? Has any one any
doubt about it? And besides that, as stated
by the Senator from New Hampshire, there
are other members on that committee besides
the chairman who would be reflected upon by
taking this matter away from their jurisdiction.
Clearly it is a matter that we are magnifying
out of proportion to its merits. I trust the
petition will be referred as first proposed, and
without any amendment to the motion of ref-
erence.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, as I under-
stand this question, whichever committee the
petition may go to, whether the Committee on
Foreign Relations or a select committee, it
goes with instructions and with power to send
for persons and papers. Am I correct in that ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is the motion.
The question will first be put on referring to
the standing committee under the rule, although
the motion for a select committee was last
made.
Mr. DRAKE. Now, sir, I fully concur with
those Senators who have expressed themselves
here as objecting to the reference of this paper
to the Committee on Foreign Relations; not
because, as one of the members of that com-
mittee supposed had been charged, thas com-
mittee had prejudged the case or were preju-
diced, but because the organ and chairman
of that committee expressed himself in the way
he did here this morning in regard to an indi-
vidual named in connection with the case of
Mr. Hatch. As we all know, sir, when a com-
mittee investigates any matter the chaiimau
of the committee gives course to the investi-
gation. He can draw out what facts he wishes
to draw out; the committee does not overrule
him. He can give the investigation such direc-
tion as he chooses to give; the committee does
not overrule him. Under these circumstances,
when the chairman of the committee has made
the plain declaration which he has, we ought
not to put the character of a public officer of
this Government in the hands of a committee
where the presiding officer of it has the power
to give turn to the investigation against him.
But, sir, there is another thing, and I ata
very sorry indeed that we have to speak here
in mystery. The outside world understands
that there is a treaty pending before the Sen-
ate for the annexation of San Domingo to the
United States. I do not say whether any such
treaty is pending or not. The outside world
also says that the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations is opposed to the ratifica-
tion of that treaty. I do not say whether the
chairman is so opposed or not. But, sir, if
these two facts which the outside world under-
stands and believes be true, then it is absolutely
certain that the investigation of the Committee
on Foreign Relations in reference to the peti-
tion of Mr. Hatch will take the double direc-
tion of destroying, if possible, the character
of General Babcock, and at the same time the
ratification of the treaty of annexation with San
Domingo. And, sir, if these things are to be,
and if these results are to flow from the prob-
able pVedetermined action on the part of the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, then, most manifestly in my judgment,
the matter should not go before that committee,
but to a select committee.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I am about
to make a request which I shall primarily
address to my friend, the Senator fiom Con-
necticut. It is that he shall adopt the amend-
ment to his motion, and allow the papers to go
to a select committee, that committee being of
seven, as becomes the gravity of the question to
be referred. But while I make that request to
my friend I should not do justice to myself nor
to the committee which I have the honor of
representing if I did not reply to the crimina-
tions addressed to it. On both sides of me
valued friends, the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Nye] and the Senator from Nebraska, [Mr.
Thayer,] each has thought he was doing good
service when he attacked the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and myself especially, as
the representative of that committee.
Sir, who compose that committee? Obvi-
ously the Senator from Nebraska and the Sen-
ator from Nevada forgot entirely, absolutely.
.Here is the list: " Mr. Summer, chairman ; Mr.
Cameron, Mr. Harlan, Mr. Morton, Mr. Pat-
terson, Mr. Scuukz, Mr. Cassekia." Aie
those Senators persons to be molded by any
one man?_ Is not each "alaw unto himself?"
Who in this Chamber will undertake to control
my honorablefriend, the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Mortox,] with whom I am associated on
this committee: or my honorable friend, the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,]
who is also on the committee; or my other
honorable friend immediately behiud him, the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] also on
the committee? Are they not independent
Senators, each acting for himself, under the
obligations of the oath we have all taken, and
according to the evidence before him?
Mr. THAYER. Will my friend allow me to
make a statement here?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
