1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2311
case ? I know the Constitution requires me to
be an inhabitant there and I have agreed to be
a candidate, and thereby by my own declara-
tion I establish, the Senator says, upon the rec-
ord, past mutation, the fact that I am an inhab-
itant. Is not that case as strong as this?
Mr. SAWYER. No.
Mr. CONKLING. In what respect?
Mr. SAWYER. It is not as strong as this, ,
in the fact that the Senator does not know, as j
General Ames did know, what the result was
practically to be. There would be, in the case
supposed, in the mind of the Senator a contin-
gency which he himself provided for; but if
there was no contingency in the Senator's own
mind, if he knew that he would be elected, he
would comply with the letter of the Constitu'
tion by being an inhabitant, when ? Not prior
to the election, but at the precise moment of
time when by the Constitution the Senator must
be an inhabitant.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, will my honorable
friend allow me to interpose once more ? I
beg his pardon for trespassing so much upon
him. 1 beg to say, as one who respects Gen-
eral Ames, that no extremity or desperation
of debate shall drive me to affirm a3 matter of
fact that General Ames knew past contingency
that he would be chosen ; and I beg my hon-
orable friend to contemplate all that he em-
braces when he makes that declaration. I do
not propose to argue that General Ames, booted
and spurred, with his sword belted on, in vir-
tue of the prerogatives which he could wield
and the power which he grasped, knew that
he was to be elected to the Senate ; and I hope
the fact is otherwise; at all events, I dare not
suppose it to be so.
Now, dismissing that, I understand him. to
say that there is no contingency upon which
this intention hinged, because upon the doctrine
of chances or otherwise General Ames felt
morally assured of his election. Am I right in
that ?
Mr. SAWYER. I did not put it in that
form.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not that the substance?
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator will allow
me to state my position I will do so.
Mr. CONKLING. I will, certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. I say that when General
Ames accepted the nomination to the office of
Senator from the State of Mississippi, he had
just as absolute knowledge of his election as
any gentleman who is nominated by a domi-
nant political party having the power in legis-
lative action to carry out the purposes formed
in its nominating caucus. I do not mean to say
that General Ames, by virtue of the military
office which he held, by virtue of his power as
provisional governor of the State of Missis-
sippi, knew with absolute certainty that he
could compel an election. I do not believe
that one single ballot for General Ames was
thrown either by his dictation or by the exer-
cise of his personal or official influence. But
he knew what the result would be, in the same
way that we know "when we nominate in this
Senate a Republican candidate for one of the
offices of the Senate that he is going to be
elected. He had precisely that knowledge,
and no other. Therefore the element of con-
tingency, of doubt about his remaining an
inhabitant of the State of Mississippi, could
not from the nature of the case enter at that
time into his mind or form an element in his
consideration of the case.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, will the honorable
Senator allow me to complete what I was going
lo say?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. In the first place, the
Senator is slightly wrong in his facts, because
'ienoral Ames lias stated that the intention,
which is the subject of discussion, was formed
anil pronounced ten days antecedent to the
election. It was not, therefore, pronounced in
view of that brittle, that insecure something
which the Senator deems so certain. Has he
forgotten that only recently in the State of
Indiana, after a caucus nomination had been
made, and made for an election to this body,
the recipient of that nomination failed, and has
failed to this day, to reach a seat or to be
elected? Therefore I say the Senator first is
wrong in the fact which he states, that this
intention was in view of a caucus nomination
already made. Second, I say he is wrong in
the quality which he ascribes to the fact, even
if the fact existed.
And now I wish to make the answer which
I rose to present to the Senator before. I
understand him now to argue that if at the
time General Ames declared this intention he
had been one of half a dozen candidates for
this place, there being no way of forecasting
with certainty which one of the six or seven
would succeed, then there would be a contin-
gency, but that there is no contingency now,
so absolute was the probability, in truth, of
General Ames being elected. That is fairly
stated, is it not? [A pause.] The honorable
Senator assumes rather a historic pose.
Mr. SAWYER. I think so. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. He seems to be in a
calm and contemplative mood; but until ha
corrects me I will assume that I state fairly his
position to be this: he eliminates the element
of contingency and uncertainty from this case,
because he says that there was no danger that
General Ames would not bo appointed to the
Senate; and therefore so absolute was the
prospect, so more than flattering was it, that
he embraced a certainty and not a chance.
That is the argument.
Now, although my honorable friend very
frankly, and with great credit to his heart and
can8or, prefaced his remarks by saying that
he intended to lay aside all legal views of the
argument (which certainly divested it of most
uncomfortable shackles, as he was going lo
argue it on that side,) I beg to ask him what
he proposes to do with the recorded author-
ity, the authority inscribed so often and so
indelibly where we look for judicial and
legal authority to this effect; a promissory
note to be good by the law of ail commercial
nations must be answerable upon a certainty.
Howis it, then, that if I say "for value received
I promise to pay the honorable Senator £1,000
upon the arrival of my brig Amy," although
I can look with my telescope from a tower
and see the brig Amy calmly floating upon a
peaceful ocean, standing head on, her sails all
set, and morally certain to arrive—why is it
that the instrument I give him is absolutely
void as a promissory note? Because it rests
upon a contingency fatal to it; as fatal as it all
the winds of heaven had lashed the ocean into
a rage, and as fatal, although the brig Amy
in truth may come, as if the brig Amy goes
down leaving no survivor to tell the tale.
What, I ask the honorable Senator, becomes
of the metaphysical, sentimental, or moral
element introduced into the question of con-
tingency in face of the fact that the law has
pronounced, and pronounced with unbroken
sameness and repetition, that a legal contin-
gency, a fact not accomplished, is full to the
point of contingency, whatever the issue of that
fact or the probable issue may be?
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, it would be
futile as it would be presumptuous in me to
attempt- to debate a legal point with my astute
friend from New York. [ shall certainlv no;
be foolish enough to attempt any such thing ;
but I simply meet the point he has made by
saying, first, that as I look at the case the
contingency which would be so fatal to ins
promissory noto did not exist; and, second,
if it did exist the time when the Constitution
provides that the fact of inhabitancy shall
attach was not when he accepted the nomma
tion, but at the time when he was elected.
The fact of inhabitancy is not required one
minute nor one month before the election ;
but it is when the Senator is elected; and even
if he proves that a contingency did exist about
the intention of General Ames, or any more
contingency than attaches to .all human pur-
poses, it avails him not in this' argument,
because it is not necessary that tfi'e inhabit-
ancy should become absolute, that the factum
should exist, or the animus, until the very
moment when General Ames was elected.
But, Mr. President, I have but a few words
more to say, and I will not trespass on the
attention of the Senate farther.
The truth seems to my poor judgment to be
that General Ames has all the constitutional
qualifications for a seat in this body from the
State of Mississippi; and while I confess that
when this debate began I felt doubts, doubts
caused by the plausible—and I use the word in
no offensive sense or spirit—arguments of the
Senators on the other side of this question, I
am now quite ready to vote for his admission to
a seat on this floor, rejoicing that in so doing I
shall vote to place here one whose services to
his country and to the people of the State of
Mississippi have so justly endeared him to both,
and given the latter so good a warrant for the
wisdom of the choice they have made, and only
regretting that in such action I am compelled
to differ from those able and patriotic Senators
whose lead it is generally my pleasure to follow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
it is not my purpose to enter on the discussion
of this question to any considerable extent, but
to notice one or two propositions of law on
which this whole question turns. It will be
noticed that the committee have not assigned
in their report the reasons for the conclusion
to which they come. Therefore the Senate
must for themselves assign the proper reasons
for the judgment. In order to be instructed as
to the reasons which the committee might have
had and which brought them to this conclusion
I have looked into the argument of the Senator
from New York [Mr. Coxkling] who made
the report, and I find that he assigns as a rea-
son the following:
"No man can become an inhabitant of a State by
more locality of existence. Two tilings must be true:
hrst, voluntary domicile—I emphasize 'voluntary'
because it is there 1 conceive that the first distinc-
tion arises in this case; second, an intention, not
contingent, not uncertain, but fixed and absolute, to
continue and reside there permanently."
xVssuiniug that that is the law of the case on
which the Senator makes this report, let us
examine it for a moment and see whether it is
sound. I maintain that it is not sound either
in law or reason, or in the sense of the law.
It is not true that no man can form a domicile
or have an inhabitancy except upon the exer-
cise of an absolute free will. That is not the
law, nor is it the history of the law. Sir, there
is no such thing as an American citizen with-
out an inhabitancy. It is alegal impossibility,
and the law abhors it just as much as nature
abhors a vacuum. In order to verify that fact'
the law everywhere throws its shield over the
American citizen under all circumstances, to
give him, either by fact or implication, an in-
habitancy somewhere. There is no such thing
as legal vagrancy anywhere. Whether a man
is a military officer, whether he holds a mili-
tary command, or whatever may be his voca-
tion. the spirit of the American law throws
over him its protecting shield, and assigns to
him, either in fact or in law, an inhabitancy.
That is a fundamental principle, and runs
through all American jurisprudence..
Now, sir, let us look at this question of in-
habitancy a little on that ground. Nobody, J.
think, will gainsay the doctrine I have just
stated. Then how is a man to beeome an
inhabitant of a State? By a voluntary act on
his part, as the Senator from New 1 ork says.
No. sir: sometimes byno act of his own at all.
What does my honorable friend from New
York say of the domicile of origin? Is there
anv free will about that? Is not. every man
born into an inhabitancy ? And ,13 it not an
