1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4199
Mr. THAYER. I think my friend must be
under a misapprehension as to my remarks. I
did not mention the Committee on Foreign
Relations in anything that I said, and I alluded
to no member of the committee. I meant to
say that there had been language used generally,
having no one in my mind, which would look
like prejudging the ease. Yet i did not mean
to impugn the motives of any Senator whatever.
I know the Committee on Foreign Relations is
composed of Senators who, all of them, I take
pleasure in saying, would do justice; and I
should feel perfectly satisfied to leave the case
in their hands, knowing that the chairman and
each member would report the facts.
Mr. SUMNER. I know my friend from
Nebraska too well to imagine tliathe would do
injustice to any Senator; and I may say that I
do not think he could do injustice to me; I
know I could not do injustice to him.
Mr. THAYER. No, sir; I never thought of
making any remark reflecting on the Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. Possibly 1 have confounded
something that fell from other Senators with
what fell from the Senator from Nebraska.
Mr. THAYER. Allow me to remark here
that another member of the Committee on For-
eign Relations has said to me since the Senator
commenced his remark that he must have
confounded me with another Senator, for he
heard nothing from me reflecting on that com-
mittee.
Mr. SUMNER. I am much obliged to the
Senator for the explanation. I think that I
must have confounded the Senator from Ne-
braska with another Senator, possibly with the
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Cabi'ESter ;]
but the attack has been rolling along through
the Chamber, so that I may perhaps be par-
doned for not remembering precisely from
which gun a particular sound proceeded.
But still my friend from Nebraska does
not disguise that he declared that the commit-
tee had prejudged the cass ; and I lind that the
Senator from Wisconsin, who rushed very swiftly
into the discussion—I took down his words-
said that " the committee had made so decisive
a report/' and finally he wound up by saying
that he wished it to be referred to " a commit-
tee that had not yet reported against the man
to be tried." Why, sir, here is great confu-
sion. I know nothing about the business of
the Senate or the business of the committee,
or certainly the Senators who have made these
remarks know nothing about it. ^ fI he com-
mittee has taken no action on this question,
nor ever made any report upon it of course,
for it never has been referred to the committee.
Of course the committee has not, yet reported
against the man to be tried, for the committee
never, as a committee, has known anything ot
the incident which has been adduced in this
discussion. Reference was made yesterday or
the day before on this floor, in conversation,
to this incident, and evidence from another
quarter was mentioned as sustaining it; but
nothing has ever come before the comnntt.ee,
nor do" I know that any individual member
of the committee has expressed any opinion
upon it. .
And now, sir, as to the declarations I ha\e
made on this floor. Senators so swift in this
debate have not done justice to wnat^I said.
Sir, listening to the statement of the Senator
from Connecticut, vouched by his authority,
sustained, as he said, by evidence in Ins hand,
that an officer in the Army of the United States,
acting as a negotiator, had entered in to a machin-
ation to procure the imprisonment or an Amer-
ican citizen in order to prevent the return ot
that citizen to his country, where it was feared
he would testify against a treaty in which this
officerwas engaged— liateningto that statement,
assuming the evidence as the Senator stated it,
X said, with the indignation of an honest man,
"he deserves to be cashiered;" and it it be
true, 011 which I never have expressed an opin-
ion, on which at this time 1 have no opinion,
I put it to every Senator within the sound of
my voice, should he not be cashiered, should
he not be driven out of the circle of civilized
men ?
Sir, I am not prone to believe accusations;
I hesitate here in giving credence to this terri-
ble charge ; but it is known that this negotia-
tion has for a long time been under suspicion.
Public report says more than I shall venture to
say from my seat; the country is excited ; it is
prone to suspect something that is wrong,
something rotten. And now comes what seems,
on the statement of the Senator from Connec-
ticut, an authentic incident showing, if it be
true, an act of the negotiator with regard to
which there can be but one judgment. Will
any Senator rise in his place and say that he
will vindicate such an act ? No Senator can
do it. There is no Senator who will not be
ashamed for the commission which that officer
bore if all this is proved. Therefore, sir, lis-
tening to what fell from the fervid lips of the
Senator from Connecticut., was I naturally
aroused to express my indignation. 1 felt it
from head to foot. Until that evidence is
answered, and this officer is relieved from this
accusation, who is there that must not feel a
glow of indignation ? Why, sir, this is not a
trifling matter. An American citizen in a
tropical island, shut up in prison, and there
detained by the machinations of an American
otlieer in order to enable that officcr to carry
through here at home a treaty which he was
engaged in negotiating!
Mr. DRAKE. W here is the evidence of that,
I ask the Senator from Massachusetts'.''
Mr. SUMNER. I took it from the lips of
the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. DRAKE. Did the Senator from Con-
necticut say that he was kept there by the
machinations ot ail American officer so that he
should not come here to testify concerning this
treaty? Is that what the Senator from Con-
necticut said?
Mr. SUMNER. So I understood. I took
the words 
Mr. FERRY. That is precisely what I said.
Mr. DRAKE. I was not in when the Sen-
ator spoke.
Mr. SUMNER. I thought the Senator was
not in : ho was out in many respects in his
speech.
Mr. DRAKE. Therefore I wanted the Sen-
ator from Connecticut to say whether he had
said that.
Mr. SUMNEIl. Ofcoursc the Senator from
Connecticut said it, and that is the basis of this
debate. My excellent friend from Missouri has
been talking about that which he has not taken
the trouble to understand.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Massa-
chusettswill pardon me if I interrupt him just
there. I ask whether it has been distinctly
charged by any Senator on the floor of this
Senate to-day that General Babcock entered
into machinations to keep Mr. Hatch in prison,
so that Mr. Hatch should not come here to tes-
tify against the treaty of annexation ?
Mr. FERRY. That is the substance of what
is chaiged against General Babcock upon evi-
dence which will be presented to any commit-
tee to which this matter is referred. My iden-
tical language will be in the Globe to-morrow
morning.
Mr. DRAKE. Then, beyond all question,
if the Senator from Massachusetts will permit
me 
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. Then, beyond all question,
that matter should be investigated.
- Mr. FERRY. No doubt about that.
Mr. DRAKE. But it should not be investi-
gated. in my judgment, by the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; the Senator is
now hearkening to reason; he says it ought
to be investigated. He spoke before without
knowing the issue before the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I did not before say that it
ought not to bo investigated, sir. f said that
if investigated it ought to be before a select
committee.
Mr.SUMNER. Verywell; "ifinvestigated."
He put it under an 11 if." Can there Tie ;m
"if" in such a case as this—an American citizen
sweltering in a tropical prison in order to carry
out the machinations of an American officer
to produce an influence in the ratification of a
treaty ; and the Senator puts it under an "if 1"
Mr. DRAKE. I put it so before; not now,
sir.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I am glad "not
now." Then the Senator is in favor of inquiry ?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir; full inquiry.
Mr. SUMNER. Verywell; that is some-
thing gained. The Senator objects to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and there again
the Senator and myself are in accord. The
Senator and myself agree in an inquiry. The
Senator and myself agree in asking that the
inquiry shall be made by another committee.
That committee is already charged and over-
burdened with work, and, as its representative
here, I have no anxiety to assume anything
more. I have more to do than I can and I
should like to see this duty cast upon other
shoulders than mine.
But while, for the committee which I repre-
sent so far as I can, f ask leave to renounce
this duty, I am obliged to say that the com-
mittee itself does not deserve the assault that
has been made upon it. 1 have read the names
already. Among them are those well known
on this floor to be determined supporters of
the treaty. There are some who are against
it, but others who are for it. Nor is there any
member of the committee who has taken any
part in the debate to-day. Nor have I pre-
sumed to prejudge the question in issue. J
hold myself at this moment, ready to exercise
all the functions of a judge, and to hold tho
scales as impartially as any Senator on this
lloor. It is only because by nature and from
long habit I am sensitive when I hear of wrong,
and it is very rare since I have had a seat in
this ChambSf that I have heard of any wrong
more conspicuous than that which iias been
presented to-day.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, it ishardly
worth while for me to say a word on this sub-
ject, bccause the Senator from Massachusetts
has made a motion which I should have done
if he had not, that this subject be not referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. I
agree with tho Senator from Massachusetts in
that, because I am a member of that commit-
tee, and I think it is not the proper committee
to which to send this subject,, because I think
several members of the committee hare made
up their minds in some degree as to tho guilt
of General Babcock. I certainly have made
up my mind that he is innocent. I said so
yesterday, it may be remembered, in a different
place. X believe that he is as innocent as 1 am.
I cannot imagine that so kindly a man as he is
could possibly, under any inducement, have
anybody confined in a prison lor the purpose
of keeping liitn out of his way. Why, sir,
General Babcock is one of the mildest men
of my acquaintance. X do not believe that, he
would kill a mouse intentionally. I am sure
ho would enter into no machinations lor any
purpose, and no one can make believe that he
would enter into a machination to confine a
man in prison in any country, much less in a
tropical clime such as San Domingo is.
Tins Mr. Hatch was confined in prison,
justly or unjustly, and being there and anxious
to get out, lie had to put the blame on some-
body, and in his agony possibly he has sent Ins
appeals up to his friend from Connecticut, tel
ilia him of the great wrong and injustice done
to him, especially by General Bibcock, because
he had not interfered to get him out of prison
It is more than probable that General Babcock
never kuewof his being in San Domingo, never
