4200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
knew certainly of his beiug in prison; and yet
because General Babeoek was there this im-
patient man makes an attack on his character,
and it is to be aspersed for all time to come.
Senators ought to remember that a man is
nevef entirely relieved from an assault upon
his character in this wo.y. When a serieus
charge is brought .against an officer, although
we may clear his character by a committee of
investigation, yet there will always be some
suspicious creature who will say that .he was
guilty, and was .improperly cleared. I have
been the victim of that sort of thing myself.
In the time when this country was in its great-
est peril I did some duties by order of the
Chief Magistrate of the nation, and a. com-
mittee of my own party assailed me in the
House of Representatives and charged me with
high crimes and misdemeanors. The Presi-
dent of the United States immediately after-
ward, in his justice, sent a message to the
House of Representatives saying that I had
acted by his orders; and yet that resolution
still stands 011 the records of the House of
Representatives to my injury, and probably
will remain there for all time to the injury of
tliose who shall follow me.
So it will be when wo make an attack upon
a man like General Babeoek, a man reared in
an institution which has never produced one
who has been charged 'with stealing, or rob-
bery. or any kindred crimc. li has been my
pride, and I think it has been the pride of
many another American citizen, to know that
of the vast millions of dollars that passed
through tlie hands of men educated at West
Point not a dollar has been lost to the Govern-
ment. by malfeasance or by ally direct bad con-
duet of the oflicer to whom it was intrusted.
C';tn you believe that a man like that, with such
ai) education, with such a record as General
Babeoek had during the war, with such train-
ing as he has had under theeyeandin the house-
hold of thi: President of the United Suites for
years, could commit the offense with which he
is charged? Do you think that a man who
could commit such an offense could have been
so selected by I ho President of the United
Slates, or that he could have been guilty of
such a crime i! he had been so selected ?
i say this in justice to General Babeoek, for
[ have no patticular intimacy with him, as I
would say it, in justice t,Q any other young man
rising into life with nothing but his character
to sustain him, or as I would for any Senator
here if he weie assailed, no matter to what
party he might belong. I think one of the
greatest weaknesses of this Republican party
of ours is that, wo are always trying to lind
out faults among ourselves. Wo should leave
that to our polilieal opponent*. Their eyes
are sharp enough to lind out if wo da wrong,
and they'huve courage enough, and generally
interest enough, to make our wrong-doing
known, without ourselves becoming informers,
without having first satisfied ourselves of the
trnili, upon our own associates.
[ was sorry when this resolution was brought
in in another place. 1 am sorry that my friend
from Connecticut has now brought it in here
in the shape he has. It is perfectly fair, per-
fectly right that he, with the proper sympathy
o! a man, should listen to his townsman and
demand an investigation of his case ; but he
ought not in doing so to assail another man
equally as respectable as Mr. Hatch can be,
before he is (ried.
I repeat, that I am glad the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations has asked to
have this subject referred to aselectcommitt.ee,
because 1 think with my feeling on the subject
I could hardly agree that General Babeoek has
done wrong. If he has done wrong, X desire
that he shall be punished ; but I do not believe
that he has.
_ Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, under ordinary
circumstances the petition of an American cit-
izen, alleging that he had suffered injuries at the
hands of a foreign Government, and asking re-
dress, would be received here without a word
of debate and referred without objection. But
it is idle to conceal the fact that this petition is
associated with another transaction nowprom-
inently brought before the country, and about
which it is perhaps somewhat difficult to speak
with entire propriety in open session. Enough
has been said, however, upon both sides of this
question to reveal the fact that the investigation
proposed by this resolution is into the conduct
ofan agent of the President of the United States
in negotiating a treaty with another Power.
I rise to call attention to the precedent which
will be set if we adopt this resolution of investi-
gation and refer it to any committee in the
form which it now has. I do not rise so much
to discuss the question of whether it should go
to the Committee on Foreign Relations or to a
special committee, either of whom will do the
subject justice if it is referred to it; but I wish
to call attention to the precedent which will bo
set if this resolution is adopted, associated as
it now is with a charge made for the purpose
of affecting that treaty.
Where will this end? We cannot conceal
the fact from ourselves that it is ordering an
investigation on the part of the Senate into the
conduct of a coordinate part of the treaty-mak-
ing power. It is the Senate investigating the
President. You may call it General Babeoek,
if you please; but General Babeoek is only the
delegated agent of the President in the prelim-
inary stages of negotiating a treaty. It is the
President who, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, makes a treaty. If this pre-
cedent is to be adopted, then what opportuni-
ties are wo going to give the President for
investigating us ? lie may as well claim that
ho shall be accorded the privilege of investi-
gating how a treaty was ratified or how it was
defeated.
You may go further. If one coordinate
department of the Government, is to investigate,
another for the purpose of affecting measures
of this kind, may we not, when a bill comes
here from the House of Representatives, (and
we have many of them on our table now and
before our committees,) raise a committee for
the purpose of inquiring into the circumstances
under which and the influences through which
that bill was passed in the House of Represent-
atives? And they may with equal propriety
undertake lo investigate how a bill was passed
in the Senate. If you adopt the principle, you
may go further, and yon may authorize the
Supreme Court to sit in judgment upon the
motives and the means and the purposes by
which measures were enacted by the legislative
body. Are we willing for that? This princi-
ple is involved in the connection which is now
given to the resolution that is before the Sen-
ate. I think there is no one willing to say that
he would like to see a state of affairs in which
the Supreme Court of the nation might under-
take to declare a law of Congress void by in-
vestigating into the question whether or not
corrupt means had been used to procure its
passage.
Therefore, Mr. President, without regard to
the position which I occupy with respect to this
treaty, without saying whether I am for its rati-
fication or against its ratification, I do think
that the precedent will be a dangerous one in
the light in which this resolution is now pre-
sented. It is simply the Senate undertaking
to investigate the conduct of the President, for
the purpose of affecting action upon a pending
treaty.
Sir, that is not the way to got the informa-
tion. If we believe that improper means have
been used in regard to this treaty in the stages
which have brought it before the President,
then, when we are in executive session, the
fairway would be to send for the President and
state to him what the charges are, and treat
him as a coordinate part of the treaty-making
power, and not institute an ex parte investiga-
tion, in which, as is too often the case, the
character and the reputation of defenseless
individuals maybe forever blasted.
Now, sir, I think the real question that ought
to be considered is whether we, shall in the
present circumstances institute an investiga-
tion which, upon the face of it—we cannot
now prevent it—means an investigation by
the Senate into the conduct of the President,
through his agents in negotiating the San Do-
mingo treaty. If we need information on the
subject, lot us get it in some other way. I
therefore hope, that so far as this resolution
authorizes the sending for persons and papers,
in that view, it will not be adopted. Where
is it to end? If we are satisfied that this Amer-
ican citizen has been unjustly treated by the
Dominican Government, instead of sending
our Sergeant-at-Arms down to the island of
San Domingo to bring up witnesses before a
Senate committee, let us demand of that Gov-
ernment redress for the American citizen.
They will laugh your Sergeant-at-Arms to scorn
if he goes down there to bring up witnesses
from San Domingo; and how effective will
this investigation be unless you have power to
bring witnesses from the scene of action? On
the whole, 1 think we had better resort to some
other means for obtaining light and intelligence
to guide our action in the ratification of the
San Domingo treaty than this indirect way of
assailing the President, or any person who has
been connected with the negotiation.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President-—
Mr. FOWEER. Before the Senator from
Nebraska commences his argument I should
like to hear the resolution read.
The PRESIDING^ OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
hoy in the chair.) The Chair understands the
question to be oil referring this petition to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FERRY. I have spoken to the Senator
from Michigan, who agrees that the select com-
mittee proposed shall consist of seven instead
of five.
Mr. RUMNJiR. That was my suggestion.
Mr. FERRY. The Senator from Massachu-
setts, the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations, having made that suggestion
and requested me to accede to the amendment
in that form, I accept the amendment of the
Senator from Michigan, he agreeing that the
select committee shall consist of seven instead
of five.
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Connecticut then changes the proposition,
or rather accepts the suggestion that the com-
mittee shall consist of seven members and be
a .select committee. Is that the proposition?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. And with
instructions to inquire into the facts and send
for persons and papers. Does the Senator
include that,?
Mr. SHERMAN. With authority to exam-
ine witnesses.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
had better reduce it to writing.
Mr. FBllLtY. That was the motion I made.
Mr. TIP! ON. Mr. President  
Air. THAYER. Will my colleague yield
to me long enough to ask a question ?
Mr. TIP TON. I desire to say but a word.
I felt a little sensitive when I first rose, as the
result of a remark made by the Senator from
Pennsylvania. I do not feel that it is a legiti-
inate mode of discussion among Senators to
intimate that our action is to be construed at
all by anybody as against, the President of the
United States. I do not think that is fair or
legitimate; but I do think when a Senator
stands here, and upon his honor as a Senator
asks an investigation in behalf of a citizen
whose reputation he pledges is as pure as his
own, it is not ray business to askwheie this
investigation is to bring up; it is to hear my
fellow-Senator, and to accede to his request.
Mr. THAYER. I should like to ask the
