354
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 18,
Senate.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Hamilton.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
jurisdiction and prepared to act as such, and
prohibits to it the power of denying or abridg-
ing the right of certain persons to vote. The
amendment is negative upon the power of Con-
gress and is complete in itself. The exercise of
any such power thus prohibited by congres-
sional legislation is simply unconstitutional and
void, and would be so declared by the appro-
priate tribunals upon appeal by the aggrieved
to them. Therefore whenever Congress under-
takes to provide for elections, and to prescribe
the qualifications of electors within those places
under its jurisdiction for such purposes, if it
should make a distinction of race or color, such
fact would simply be void, as in conflict with the
Constitution. No further legislation would be
required, unless indeed it might be thought
proper to repeal this void fact. But it would
be an aggravated solecism to presume that Con-
gress could with deliberation pass a law creat-
ing or continuing this prohibited distinction of
race or color, and in the same or by some other
law punish its officers for executing it.
And so with the States. This amendment
speaks to the States; not to the people, but to
the State as a body-politic ; to the State as a
corporate member of the Union, possessing
sovereign power over the whole subject-matter
involved in this amendment, and in the voting
process of its people. 11 prohibits to the State
the power in the future to deny or abridge the
right of a class to vote. This amendment is
based upon the implication or fact, first, that
the States have electors; and secondly, that
the States prescribe their qualifications to vote.
The State is to act; and in thus acting and
prescribing the qualification of electors it is
prohibited only from denying or abridging
the right to voie on account ol' race or color.
Every other power is retained for the qualifica-
tion of electors. If this prohibited distinction
is created or continued by a State in its legisla-
tion such distinction, being in conflict with the
Constitution, is simply void and of no effect.
The States, and the States only, can legislate
upon this question; with them, and with them
only, rests the qualifications of electors and the
mode and manner of holding elections, with
the exception oftho limitation prescribed in the
first article, section four, which I before men-
tioned.
Some may say, suppose States do not observe
the requirements of the fifteenth amendment,
but by their Legislatures do abridge or deny
the right to vote, or refuse to change their
existing constitutions and laws recognizing
■such distinctions of race and color, where is the
remedy unless Congress intervenes by affirm-
ative legislation ? The answer is that the Con-
stitution of the United States is the supreme
Jaw of the land, and the judges in every State
are bound thereby. (Article 0, paragraph 2.)
If this amendment be part of the Constitution,
and we have been assuming this for the sake
of the argument, it settles the question. It is
the supreme law, and must bo observed as such.
Rights and privileges attach under it, and if
violated or denied they can be redressed as
such wrongs are everywhere in the States.
Punitive or penal legislation is not required
always to redress wrongs, or even to prevent
them. When law is once made individuals are
to act under it, and the ordinary channels of
law are always open to the citizen when his
rights may be violated. It is not the duty of
the State to interpose by penal legislation for
the vindication of all individual rights under
either the Constitution or the laws. The law
may declare what is or what is not to be done,
and if individual rights are infringed by the act
of any one the courts are open for redress, and
everywhere and in all the States there is ample
provision for the vindication of the right to
vote.
Mr. President, I assert a proposition of con-
stitutional law, which I think cannot and will
not be controverted. It is this: that the de-
nial by the Constitution of the United States
to the States of the right to exercise certain
enumerated powers does not thereby grant to
Congress the right to exercise them. The
denial to a State is not a grant to Congress.
Unless in the Constitution a grant is made to
Congress this denial to the State leaves both
Congress and the States without the right to
exercise such powers denied.
This fifteenth amendment is not the only
negative provision in the Constitution of the
United States. There are many important
provisions, both in the body of the Constitution
and in the amendments, similar to this in deny-
ing to the States the exercise of certain powers,
Article one, section ten, comprises three
paragraphs containing these prohibitions upon
the States:
"1. No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance,
or confederation; grant letters of marque and ro-
prisal: coin money; omit bills of credit; make any-
thing but gold and silver coin a tender in payment
of debts; pass any bill of attainder, ex posi/acio law,
or law impairing the obligation of contracts, orgrunt
any title of nobility.
2. No State shall, without tho consent of the
Congress, lay any imposts or duties on imports or
exports except what may bo absolutely necessary
for executing its inspection laws; and tho not pro-
dueo of all duties and imposts laid by any State on
imports or exports shall be for tho uso of tho Treas-
ury of tho United States; and all such laws shall be
subject to tho rovision and control of tho Congress.
No State shall, without tho consont of Con-
gress, lay any duty of tonnage, keep troops or ships
of war in timo of peace, enter into any agreement
ov compact with another Sfafo or with a foreign
Power, or engage in war, unless actually invaded or
in such imminent danger as will not admit of delay."
Also article fourteen of amendments to the
Constitution :
" Section 1. No State shall make or enfoixo any
law which shall aliridgo the privileges or immunitief
of citizens of tho (Jiutod States; nor shall any Stato
deprive any porson of life, liberty, or property with-
outdue process of law; liordeny to any person within
its jurisdiction tho equal protection oftho laws."
"Sue. 4. Neither tho United States nor any Stato
shall assume or pay'any debt or obligation incurred
in aid of insurrection or rebellion against tho United
States, or any claim for tho loss or emancipation of
anyslavos; but all such debts, obligations, and claims
shall bo held illegal and void."
I presume that amendment is complete in
itself. Here wo have prohibition after pro-
hibition npon the States. These denials are
addressed directly to the States, and the States
are prohibited as such from acting or exercis-
ing the powers denied; but will it be contended
that these prohibitions and denials confer upon
Congress the power to legislate upon tho sub-
jects enumerated in such denials or prohibi-
tions, and not in other provisions of the Con-
stitution granted to it? Does the denial or
prohibition to any State to exercise a certain
power ipso facto give to Congress the power
of legislation over the subject-matter so denied
or prohibited to the State? We have been
always taught prior to tho late civil war, and
even since the days of the illustrious men who
framed it, to consider as the first principle of
our political being the Constitution as an in-
strument of enumerated and delegated powers.
Article nine of the amendments declares
that-—
"The enumeration in tho Constitution of certain
rights shall not bo construed to deny or disparage
others retained by tho peoplo.
" Art. 10. Tho powers not delegated to tho United
States by tho Constitution, nor prohibited by it to
the States, are reserved to tho States respectively,
or to tho people."
No such assumption of power by Congress
can be admitted for one moment without yield-
ing up the last fundamental principle of our
Government. The alarming consequences of
such a construction must be at once apparent.
It would place all State constitutions, sov-
ereignty, and authority under the control of
the General Government; and the States, once
independent, great, and useful and beneficent
in their separate powers of legislation, would
stand in the same relations to the Government
of the United States that local municipalities
do now to the States. I trust that no such
evil is in store for us, nor will any such great
wrong be perpetrated. The proposed legisla-
tion now under consideration and discussion
boldly asserts the doctrine that this prohibi-
tion upon the State to deny or abridge the
right to vote places in fact the whole subject
of elections and the whole machinery of suf-
frage under the control of Congress.
Mr. President, can this be so? Can this be
the fair and just interpretation of even this rev-
olutionary—I regret to say, and with no want
of appreciation of what is due in parliament-
ary debate—this wicked amendment? It can-
not be. Those who desired to attain the great
object of the amendment, and would dare almost
anything to secure it, still shrank from con-
ferring sc? supreme a power upon Congress in
direct words or terms; but in doing less, Mr.
President, they failed in all. I do not doubt
but that with these gentlemen, if it were to be
done now, it would have been done better for
them. Progressionists they were and progres-
sionists tlicy still are. Their only complaint
is, among the ruin they have wrought, that their
past work was not thorough enough. Their
murmurings and mutterings are heard always
that these amendments do not go far enough.
Even this fifteenth amendment is hardly re-
garded with favor by some honorable Senators
because it did not prohibit to States the power
to deny to negroes the right to hold office; and
what it has failed to do in this respect this
body has been engaged for months in forcing
upon the unhappy States of the South in ilie
shape of fundamental conditions to their con
slitutions.
But, Mr. President, I beg to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the difference between a
denial or prohibition to the State and a grant
of power over the subject-matter to Congress;
and in doing this I shall n®t take a direct, but
rather an implied grant. Take, for example,
the amendment known as article thirteen, abol-
ishing slavery, and compare its structure and
terms with the fifteenth amendment. Article
thirteen provides that—
" Neither slavorynorinvoluntarysorvitudo, except
as a punishment for crime whereof tho party shall
hsivo been duly convicted, shall exist within the
United Statos or any place subject to their jurisdic-
tion."
And further;
"That Congress shall have power to enforco this
article by appropriate legislation."
Here is a subject-matter with which this
amendment deals; the subject-matter is sla-
very, and it is this that is prohibited, and with-
out the intervention of a State or any inter-
mediate agent or instrumentality. True, this
amendment is complete in itself and is bind-
ing upon all persons and courts, and would
execute itself either by the assent of all per-
sons or by enforced submission to it by the
courts, upon appeal to them, without any legis-
lation by Congress. Congress may or may not
legislate, as it seems disposed, or as necessity
may require.
This ameudment is similar to the terms,
force, and effect of the provisions of the Con-
stitution contained in section two, article four,
especially in paragraph three of this section.
This paragraph provides that—
" No person hold to service or labor in ono Stato
under the laws thereof escaping into another State
shall, in consequence of any law or regulation
therein, be discharged from such service or labor,
but shall be delivered up on claim of the party to
whom the service or labor may be due."
This provision was complete in itself over
the subject-matter, had full force and effect,
and was binding upon all persons, courts,
and legislative bodies, and could be enforced
without legislation by Congress. Congress
might or might not legislate, and still the pro
