3256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
taring officer, and neither the officers or privates
have ever received compensation. The bill
provides that the organization referred to in
the preamble shall be recognized as & part of
the military forces of the United States engaged
in suppressing the recent rebellion, and the j
members thereof, on making proof of actual
service, are declared to be entitled to the same
pay and pensions as though they had been reg-
ularly mustered into the service of the United
States as cavalry.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Military Affairs was to add to the bill the
following provisos:
Provided, That there shall be filed in the War
Department a roll of said company, whish shall be
sworn to by tho captain and two lieutenants of s.iid
company: And provided further. That each soldier
on applying for payment under this act shall be re-
quired to make oath as to the length of his service in
said company. j
The amendment was agreed to. |
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COBB,of Wisconsin,moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
° f
organic law of colorado. j
Mr. C ULLOM. I desire to make a state-
ment for the information of the House. A j
month or two ago a bill was passed by th.e |
House, reported from the Committee on the !
Territories, amendatory of the organic law of |
Colorado Territory. It went to the Senate, !
and there amendments were put upon it and >
it came back here. On my motion the amend- !
ments made by the Senate were non-concurred
in. By a mistake of the Clerk, through inad- |
vertence, the bill was engrossed as if the amend- ;
ments of the Senate had been concurred in.
The bill has gone to the President, and has j
been approved and signed by him. I make
this statement to the House. I do not know
what can be done.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What does the
Journal show?
Mr. CULLOM. Just what I state, that the
amendments were non-concurred in, and there-
fore the hill did not really become a law. I
iiesire to state farther that on consultation
with the Delegate from the Territory I am
willing, if it can be done, that the amendments
shall be regarded as concurred in, and that, by
unanimous consent, the bill shall remain asit is.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That, of course, is so now.
The signature of the Speaker covers everything
]}ftck of it
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inform
the gentleman from Illinois that the only possi-
ble way of reaching the result of correcting the
mistake would be by regular process of repeal,
A mistake of the Clerk, or any mistake in any
of the intermediate stages of the bill, does not
nffeet the validity of the enactment, provided
it has received the signatures of the Speaker
of the House, the President of the Senate, and
the President of the United Statea.
TICK METER.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communica-
tion:
Trkasbby Dkpa*tjibnt„
Office of Secretary,
Jfcw 5,187®.
Sift: I have the honor to request the House of
Tlaprcsantativcs to return to the Treasury Depart-
ment the communications of tho Secretary of the
Treasury relative to tho " Tice meter," together
with the report of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue upon the same subject.
I have tho honor to be, very respectfully, &e.,
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
Son. Jambs G. Blaine, Speaker of the House of ltep-
renentativet, Washington, 1% <7.
The SPEAKER. The papers mentioned in
this communication have been referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed. If no objection be made the
committee will be discharged from the further
consideration of the same, and they will be
returned to the Treasury Department.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
j. e. and d. e. bailey and a. d. denney.
Mr. BENNETT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1958) for the relief
of J. E. and D. E. Bailey and Alonzo D.
Denney; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to tho Committee of Claims.
invalid pension bills.
Mr. BENJAMIN, by- unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That the evening session of Thursday,
May 12, be devoted to the consideration of reports
iroiii the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
i1ugh alexander.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be discharged from the further consideration
of the petition and papers in the case of Hugh
Alexander, late captain company G, one hun-
dred and ninth Pennsylvania volunteers, pray-
ing the passage of a bill granting him the
arrears of pay due him up to the time of his
discharge from the service of the United States,
and that the same be referral to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
claim of mrs. elliott.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
- lietolval, That the Secretary of War be instructed
to return to this House the papers in reference to
the claim of Mrs. Elliott, of South Carolina, for res-
toration of property taken during the war.
cemetery at harper's ferry.
Mr. McGREW asked unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table, out of
its regular order, a joint resolution (S. Ii. No.
72) providing for the repair of the inclosure
of the cemetery at Harper's Ferry, West Vir-
ginia, for reference.
No objection was made; and accordingly the
joint resolution was taken up, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
j. r. brady and others.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted thefollowingresolution; which was read,
considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Stato berequested
to communicate to this House the papers in his De-
partment in reference to tho claim of 3. R. Brady,
aad others, against tho Government of V easzuela.
ORDER OF BU8INBS3.
Mr. ROGERS. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. ALLISON. I inore that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I hope not. There is a
quorum present, and we may as well devote
to-day to the consideration of public business.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
messenger folt speaker's room.
Mr. CAKE, from the. Committee on Ac-
counts, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That a messenger be stationed in the
Speaker's room, from April 1. at $3 60 per day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state,
lest this may be considered a matter personal
to himself, that the Speaker's room or parlor,
on the floor of this Hall, is now, as of right it
ought to be, a reception room for those ladies
who are entitled to the privilege, ladies be-
longing to the families of members, &c., and
the Chair iB very desirons, of course, that it
shall continue to be used for that purpose;
but if so used it is necessary that some person
should be stationed there to have charge of
the room. No person baa ever been placed
in charge of the room, and anything left t here
is altogether insecure. This appointment is
not to oblige the Chair, but for the purpose
of obtaining security for that room.
Mr. PETERS. I would inquire if personal
effects have not been stolen from that room
this session?
The SPEAKER. There have been, in two
different instances.
The resolution was then adopted.
■ Mr. CAKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECLAMATION OP DESERT LANDS IN UTAH.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, by unanimous con-
! sent, introduced a bill (H. 11. No. 1959) grant-- \y
ing lands to aid in the reclamation ol desert
lands in the Territory of Utah; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
various votes by which bills and joint reso-
lutions had been referred or recommitted to-
day ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD submitted a similar motion
in reference to references and recommitments
1 ordered by the House yesterday; which was
agreed to.
civil service.
Mr. ALLISON. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour will now begin, at
twelve minutes to twelve o'clock, and the first
business in order is resuming the consideration
' of House bill No. 1354, to regulate the civil
service of the United States, on which the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] is entitled
, to the floor for ten minutes remaining-of his
time.
Mr. NIBLACK. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters.]
Mr. PETERS. I ask leave to have printed
in the Globe, as supplementary to ray speech
of yesterday, a letter which I have received on
the subject of the civil service from a crippled
soldier. The argument which he gives from
his stand-point is better than any I can make.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the letter will be ordered to be printed in the
Globe.
There was no objection.
The letter is as follows :
• Washihotox, D. C., May 4,1870.
Dear Sib: la yesterday's Star I read over what
was said in the House in referenoe to the civil
service bill introduced by Mr. Jenckes, and from
remarksmade by yourself take tho liberty of address-
ing you. that you may see the gross injustice that
would follow the passage of this bill, at least to a
certain portion of not unworthy men who have been
fortunate enough to secure a Government position
here—those who have shown themselves to be men '
on the field. I will cite my own case, but do not
doubt but many more are in the same situation.
My enlistment in the United States service dates
22d July, 1862. when I was seventeen years of age- 1
entered the Army in spite of all remonstrances of
both parents and friends; and why ? Because I felt
it only my duty to do so. I remained with my com-
mand nearly two years, when (under Grant) I was
severely wounded. One leg (not foot) was talsen
off, and the other was left hanging to mo in a really
critical condition. From these wounds I recovered
but slowly, and can never again recover my health,
being confined to my room for eighteen months af-
terward; and it was over two years before these
wounds were healed. During this period of time I
suffered death itself a thousandfold, so far as known
to this world; and if this was not for my country,
then for whom?
This "bill" contemplates unquestionably the re-
examination of those now in the civil service, and
what would be the result in my case ? I have only  
common-school education, poorly enough ;
am married; have purchased property in this city
(under the firm belief that my tenure of office was
to be good for tho present Administration) which is
not quite half paid for at this date; aui a Repub-
lican! goittg, in 18i&, to in? native village, nearly fivo
