56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
officers, appointed as you please; an honest
and capable set of men, so that we can test the
accuracy of those holding official position in
the internal revenue department. It will be
a most admirable mode of enabling us to de-
termine the accuracy, the honesty, and fidelity
of those now holding positions. If they are not
honest, then you will get no honest returns
under this bill, as such returns would expose
their wrong-doings, or omissions, or neglects;
and I do hope this committee will retain the
sjstem proposed in the bill now under consid-
er ation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My friend from
Illinois has so well stated the leading argu-
ments against the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts that I have but a word
farther to say. The committee very carefully
considered this proposition among others. The
first was whether we could take the census by the
marshals of the United States, and that was
passed over on account of the objection of their
increased business during the war. The next
consideration was whether it could be taken by
the officers of the internal revenue. We also
considered whether it could be taken by the re-
gisters under the bankrupt law._ Many letters
were received froia gentlemen in official posi-
tion and from persons interested in the general
subject. After carefully considering the whole
subject the committee unanimously came to the
conclusion, although some of us first thought
the census might be taken through the Internal
Revenue Bureau, that the census taken under
such circumstances would be valueless.
I beg the Committee of the Whole to remem-
ber one thing. When the census was taken the
last time there had never been known such
an officer a3 a collector of internal revenue ;
a Federal tax-gatherer had never visited onr
homes, except it may be for a short time in the
days of the whisky rebellion, and the fruit of
his visits then will be well remembered by those
who can recall the history of that time. Be-
fore the Avar the citizens in our agricultural
districts knew but very little about the Federal
Government by any personal relationship to it,
i t is true they went to the post office to get
(heir mails, and there they met the Federal
Government through one of its representatives;
Bat they met it only as an agent to bless them
and help them. Now the shadow of the tax-
gatherer falls across every threshold and covers
the whole land ; and if any one thing has
helped to make the Federal Government odious
in the minds of the American people it ia the
ubiquitous tax-gatherer whom our necessities
have compelled us to send throughout the
land.
Of all things, the element most essential to
the correct and effective taking of a census is
that the jjeople shall be everywhere assured
that the visit of the enumerator is not inquis-
itorial for any purpose of taxation, and that
it is not for any purpose of dragging out and
exhibiting facts concerning the families and
the business of the country to be used here-
after as a basis for taxation. Now the very
sight of men that are compelled to execute all
that is odious in our revenue laws engaged in
taking the census would in my judgment take
away almost the entire value of the results to
be obtained; and I should conceive that the
results so obtained would be almost worthless
for the purposes for which they are designed.
Then the gentleman who moved this amend-
ment alluded to the question of expense.- He
says the Internal Revenue Bureau is already
established; that its officers are now under
pay, and that very little more expense would
be needed if his proposition were adopted.
Let it be remembered that the President in
nis message now on your table says that the
business ot this bureau is so heavy, its work so
onerous, its duties so numerous, that it ought
to be raised to the full dignity of a department
of the Governme-nt, and he so recommends in
his message.^ But the great expense of taking
the cens-us is not in the machinery here in
Washington, is not in the bureau here to be
established, is r.ot even in the district superin-
tendents ; the great expense is in the enumer-
ators or census-takers in the several localities.
I have before me a report of the cost of taking
all the censuses from the beginning of the Gov-
ernment to the last, and I call attention to a
single fact which exhibits the character of these
expenditures. I have before me fall returns
of the expenses of the census of 1850. We
have no full returns of the expenses of the last
census, because nearly all the southern States
have not been settled with. The war broke out
when the settlements were not complete; but
for the census of 1850 the expenditures are
completely accounted for. It cost $1,318,000,
exclusive entirely of printing and publishing;
and of that $1,318,000, $952,000, or nearly
three quarters of the whole, were paid to assist-
ant marshals, the persons who did the work
which the enumerators under this bill will have
to do.
Now the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] admits that in order to take the cen-
sus we shall be compelled to appoint additional
assistant assessors to do the work. Our force
of assistant assessors is now very small, and
we shall, therefore, be compelled to create
almost as many new officers under the gentle-
man's amendment as under the bill as it now
stands. And not only that, but these officers
are paid a dollar a day more than we propose
to pay the enumerators. The gentleman's
proposition will not, in say judgment, at all
reduce the expense of taking the next census,
and, in addition to that, it will, it seems to me,
render the whole work odious and mainly
nugatory.
I think it a proper time now that the com-
mittee should determine which of these two
policies shall be adopted, and I hope the com-
mittee will consent, after I shall have yielded
the floor to one or two gentlemen, to rise and
close the general debate. I yield now to the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison.]
Mr. ALLISON. The question as to the
method of taking this census was duly consid-
eredby the Committee on the Census: and they
considered with very great care the plan pro-
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Botler.] That plan undoubtedly has
merit as a means of taking the census, if it
could be reasonably done by that system ; but
I submit that one great objection to his plan is
that it will for the time being absolutely inter-
fere with the legitimate duties of the revenue
department of the Government. We are com-
pelled, under our ordinary revenue system,
each month to raise from the people of this
country for the purpose of maintaining the Gov-
ernment over twelve million dollars. If the
system urged by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] should be adopted it
must bo with the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue as its head. The President tells us
that it ought to be a department, and is already
in dignity and importance a department. Now
is it possible that with the great business of
that department the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue can divert his mind for months from
the business of collecting the revenue to the
business of taking statistics of the wealth, popu-
lation, &c., of the country?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me a moment?
Mr. ALLISON. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My plan
does not propose to interfere or do away with
the Superintendent of the Census.
Mr. ALLISON. Yery well; then the plan
is still more objectionable, because it proposes
to put the assistant assessors under two sep-
arate and distinct jurisdictions ; the one, the
Superintendent of the Census, under the Sec-
retary of the Interior, the other, the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, under the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. That will make " con-
fusion worse confounded," because it will be
impossible for those officers to act under two
separate and distinct departments of the Gov-
ernment, with two separate and distinct juris-
dictions. But I undertake to say that the great
and primary objection to the system proposed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] is that it will interfere with the legit-
imate business of a great department of the
Government. I would be very glad if we could
reduce the expense of taking this census. It
is a constitutional requirement, deemed essen-
tial and necessary to a proper representation
of the people of this country on the floor of
this House, to be taken once in every ten
years. It is of so much magnitude, then, that
it ought to be a separate and distinct matter in
and of itself.
Now, one remark further with reference to
the assistant assessor. The theory of the de-
partment of internal revenue is that the assist-
ant assessors in the various congressional dis-
tricts are now employed in their varied duties;
and it has been a part of the business of the
present Commissioner of Internal lievenue to
so redistribute and rearrange the appointments
of assistant assessors that they will be con-
stantly or almost constantly employed. Now,
the gentleman proposes to impose upon these
officers duties which the present force of assist-
ant assessors cannot under any circumstances
discharge; and I appeal to him and to this
House to say whether we shall impose upon
these officers duties which they cannot perform
or whether we shall simply appoint additional
assistant assessors to perform this duty instead
of appointing enumerators, as provided in this
bill.
I have one word to say to my friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield,] who has at-
tacked the general provisions of this bill. He
stated upon this floor a few moments ago that
$40,000 was the total sum that was paid to the
marshals for collecting the statistics embraced
in the census of 1860. I have before me an
accurate statement from the Secretary of the
Interior showing that instead of only $40,000
having been paid for this work in 1860 there
was paid in all for the simple purpose of col
lecting the statistics in that year §1,097,406.
I did not know until the gentleman informed us
of the fact this morning that we were indebted
to the Committee on Appropriations for the
great economy of the present administration
of the Government. I had supposed, until his
statement this morning 
Mr. WILKINSON. Do the figures which
the gentleman has just stated include the
expenses of taking the census in the southern
States?
Mr. ALLISON. Not at all. I am informed
at the Interior Department that there is still
an unpaid bill of the southern marshals and
their assistants for taking the census of 1860—
the war intervening in 1861 before these ac-
counts were adjusted—amounting in the aggre-
gate to a little over three hundred thousand
dollars. So that the work which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has told us cost but $40,000
did in fact cost more than one million three
hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to know whether
the gentleman means to say that the sum paid
to the marshals for performing the duties which
the district superintendents are to perform
under this bill amounted to that sum; does
he mean to say that it amounted to more than
the sum I named, §40,000? If he does mean
that, then he is unintentionally mistaken, I
have no doubt. That is the sum paid for all
the officers, all the enumerators, as well as
those now called district superintendents. The
amount actually paid marshals for appointing
assessors and receiving their returns, the duties
which district superintendents are now to per-
form, was as I stated it.
Mr. ALLISON. I stated the amount paid
to marshals for the purpose of collecting these
statistics.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That includes assessors
and others.
