2312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
inhabitancy just as absolute and just as con-
clusive as if it were in fact established by free
will? Of course it is. Here is the inhabitancy
of origin, then, about which the individual has
no free will whatever; but the law in its pur-
pose to - giv.e an inhabitancy to every citizen
assigns it to him, to the end that no American
citizen shall be without a domicile, without, in
the Iangiiage of tlie law, an inhabitancy. That
is the inhabitancy of origin.
But there is another method of obtaining
inhabitancy, which is a better illustration per-
haps of the case in hand; and that is inhabit-
ancy by operation of law, in which the indi-
vidual lias no will whatever, in presumption
of law. The wife takes the inhabitancy of her
husband, and the law which assigns her that
inhabitancy tells you that during the coverture
she has no will at all of her own. Now, what
becomes of the honorable Senator's doctrine
that it' must be a voluntary, free will?
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand from the
argument of the Senator that every person who
has not a will to select his own residence takes
the residence of that person who exercises the
will for him; the child, for instance, has his
residence as fixed by the parent; the wife fol-
lows the residence of the husband, &c. If that
be so then I suppose that an Army officer would
be an inhabitant wherever ihe Government was
an inhabitant, or in every State of the Union.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the honora-
ble Senator thinks that is parallel, if he thinks
the analogies are pcrfect, then the argument lie
makes may be good.
Mr. CARPENTER. To my opaque mind
there is no possible distinction.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will try to
show one before I am through. My first point
is a denial of the proposition of the Senator
from New York that there is no such thing as
an inhabitancy except by the exercise of an
absolute affirmative free will.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me a moment? I do not rise to
interrupt him except to this extent: of course
lie understands, if he has read my remarks,
that I was speaking of this case, of a person
twenty-one years of age and upward, and I
cited, to show the correctness of the report, as
I think they do show it very conclusively, the
cases of a minor, of a feme covert, and other
instances. Of course when talking of volun-
tary presence and the volition of a person who
was of such age and of such condition as to be
able to exerciseit, I was nottalking ofinfants,
of married women, or of'prisoners, or any others
who were unable to do the thing of which I
was remarking.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Of eoursel could
not but understand that my honorable friend
had made a report on General Ames's case and
that the subjcct-matter before the Senate was
the inhabitancy of General Ames; but I could
also understand, I eould not understand any-
thing else, that in dealing with that particular
case he found it necessary to deal with princi-
ples, and I am looking at the principles with
which the Senator deals ; and he lays down the
broad and unqualified proposition that "no
man" 
Mr. CONKLING. " No man !"
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. "No man."
That is a generic term, including women and
children.
Mr. CARPENTER. Not babies.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the honorable Sen-
ator really think that I meant to include babies
in that term ? [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
how far the honorable Senator might run in
this connection in relation to babies. [Laugh-
ter.] But [ mean to say that the honorable
Senator deals with a principle which necessarily
carries him on this whole question of inhab-
itancy, and there is no limitation on the princi-
ple whatever. He states it thus: "No man
can become an inhabitant of a State by mere
locality of existence.'' I deny that altogether,
and I maintain, as I have already stated, that
there are two instances in which persons do
gain an inhabitancy by the merest locality of
existence, and where there is no free will and
no opportunity for the exercise of free will, but
where, on the contrary, the law recognizes prin-
ciples which absolutely exclude the presump-
tion of free wilt in such a case.
Now, to attend to the matter in hand, how
do these principles apply to an officer of the
Army? Is he to absolutely divested of free
will that he cannot when exercising the ordi-
nary functions of a local commander choose
for himself a dwelling? Does the doctrine of
the honorable Senator go to that extent? Is
he divested of absolute free will in any partic-
ular whatever, except in regard to his official
duties? Certainly not. Nobody pretends that.
Sir, is he not just as free to choose his own
dwelling within his military division as is the
lawyer, or the merchant, or the professional
man, or him who pursues any other occupation
whatever? Is there anything inconsistent,
allow mc to ask the honorable Senator, in the
'avocation of a military officer with his right to
choose a dwelling?
Well, what is inhabitancy? It is dwelling
in some particular place, and that is all there
is about it; and to say that a military officer
has not the capacity to choose a dwelling is
certainly to contradict all our experience as to
tire fact. What is the fact now? Take the
General of our Army. Does he dwell in the
District of Columbia? And if this were a
State would ho not dwell in a State? And if
he dwells is he not an inhabitant? Call? at
the elegant residence of the General and you
will find that lie has a habitation, and you will
find that ho lives very much like an inhabitant,
like one who has a habitation and an inhab-
itancy. If this residence were in a State would
it not be a dwelling there ? Of course it would.
And is there anything inconsistent with his
occupation in allowing him to exercise right
and authority to that extent? Is he not a free
agent, and has he not a free will to that extent?
I think the honorable Senator from South
Carolina stated that proposition admirably
well when he said that so far as his duty to his
country is concerned the officer is under orders,
but as to everything else not under orders.
Now, let us consider the facts in regard to
General Ames having that free will. How
long was he there? Two years, more or less ;
fully two years, I think. In what capacity ?
In two capacities; that of a military com-
mander, which, as I have already said, was
not incompatible at all with his right of exercis-
ing freewill as to his dwelling; and more than
that, he was military governor ; and I address
myself to the common sense of the Senate for
a moment, putting aside this technicality, and
what is the case? A man is a general in the
Army and assigned to a command in a district
which may last longer or shorter, and does last
two years, and in addition to that he has the
command of a military governor ; and yet, in
the assumption of American law, it is to be
held that he does not dwell anywhere 1 Sir,
in American law that is a legal impossibility.
The fact was, he did dwell there for two years
or more.
That is the first branch of my subject. But
it is said that even if that were true it would
not be an inhabitancy, because there is another
element necessary to inhabitancy which is
lacking in the case. What is that? It is said
that although he might have been there two
years, and although he might have formed the
purpose of becoming a resident there at seine
time, yet as a matter of fact he never did form
an intention of staying there permanently ;
and therefore, as that element is lacking, he did
not become an inhabitant of Mississippi; and
you will see that the statement of the honor-
able Senator from New York covers that whole
ground. He says that inhabitancy includes—
"Second, an intention not contingent, not uncer-
tain, but fixed and absolute, to continue and reside
there permanently "
Unfortunately for the argument, that is not
the law in this country now, and never has
been ; and I say to my honorable friend from
Maryland, [Mr. Vickers,] who read to us from
Vattel an authority to that effect, that Vattel
has been overruled on this subject. The com-
mentators on American law do hot sustain him..
Mr. VICKERS. I did not quote Yattel; I
read from Judge Story, who refers to Vattel.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And JudgeStory
quoted a great many things in his hasty way
of writing books which have not given to his
works the character of the highest authority.
I will read the law as I understand it in this
country, as given to us by Chief Justice Parker
in 10 Massachusetts Reports, in which he quotes
Vattel and overrules him. He says:
"In this new and enterprising: country it is doubt-
ful whether ono half of tlio young men at the time
of their emancipation fix themselves in any town
with the intention of always staying there."
The burden of the argument of the Senator
from New York is that this man must not only
have an intention which he could not have, but
which, if he could have, it fails, because it was
not permanent, for he must intend always to
stay there. That is his position.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me, as the honorable Senator from New York
is not in his seat, to suggest that it is not that
the intention must be to remain there always.
The honorable Senator from New York does
not object to t.he intention on the ground that
it was not permanent, as the Senator from
Maine says, but upon the ground that it was
contingent. The question was put to General
Ames, " 11' you had not been elected would
you have made that your residence at all?"
and he says, "very doubtful." The objection
is not that ho must intend to reside there
always, but that ho would not have been an
inhabitant at all if he had not been elected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend is not addressing himself to the point I
was talking about. I was combattingthe prop-
osition of the honorable Senator from New
York, that in order to gain a residence the
intention to reside must be a permanent one.
Mr. CARPENTER. Must be absolute, as
contradistinguished from a contingent one.
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. I will read from the
argument and see whether I am right or the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. If this could have been
made np a little while afterward that might be
so ; but I take the record as the Committee on
the Judiciary have chosen to make it up, and
on that rccord they are committed to the doe-
trine that it is not only to be absolute, but it is
to be permanent, and that there is no residence
without an intent permanently to reside.
Mr. CARPENTER. Permanent undoubt-
edly, but that does not necessarily mean that
it is to continue always.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from New York put it thus : " Second, an in-
tention, not contingent, notuncertain, buifixed
and absolute, to continue and reside there
permanently." That is not the law. Thelaw
is that a man may fix a residence by absolutely
dwelling in a place, although he has no inten-
tion to reside there permanently at all.
Mr. CARPENTER. Where isyour authority
for that ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will read it:
"They hav e their home in their chosen place of
anode while they remain. Probably the meaning of
Vattel is that ti.'1 habitation fixed in anyplace with-
out any present inwnuon of removing is domicile."
That is the law.
Mr. CARPENTER, " Without any present
intention of ever removing."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have read the
authority.
