1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1369
justice of the said Territory shall make and publish
L-oBor.il rules providing for the sale of property, and
■he notice of such sale not inconsistent with this act,
!)S )a )y be just nnd necessary to secure a fair sale of
[he saul property, and to prevent fraud and oppres-
sion'. That when the court or judge shall order a
p-.le'as hereinbefore provided, he shall also, by order,
Appoint some competent and trusty person receiver
oi the property and effects of the person convicted,
or ?<> much thereof as he may deem necessary. That
said receiver, upon giving such security for the
inithful discharge of his trust as the said chief
justice shall by general rules also prescribe in such
eases, shalltake possession of the property embraced
in said order, and sell the same as hereinbefore di-
rected, or make such disposition of the sarao as the
court or judge before whom the proceedings were
instituted, and not inconsistent with this act, shall
direct. That whenever it shall appear to either of
said courts, or a judge thereof, upon complaint on
oath by a person of full nge as aforesaid, that any
person has fled from the Territory or disappeared
from his place of residence, and cannot be found
after due search and diligence, and such person has
left a wife, or concubine, or person with whom he
cohabited or claimed as wife, or child or children,
either legitimate or illegitimate, dependent upon
him for maintenance and support, and that he left
or has real or personal property, or both, the same
proceedings shall be had in all respects to sell and
dispose of the property of such person, to take proof
of the facts, and in all other matters connected there-
with as in thecase of a person convicted as aforesaid.
If at the time any complaint is filed, as provided in
thi« section, or any time thereafter, it shall appear
to the court or judge that there is danger of the real or
personal property sought to be reached by proceed-
ings under this section being lost, removed, secreted,
sold, assigned,or otherwise disposed of, the said court
or judge shall issue an attachment, directed to the
marshal, or an assistant marshal'of said Territory,
directing him to seize, and take into his custody, the
property aforesaid,orsuch portion thereof as thecourt
or judge shall direct, and to hold the same until such
proceedings are discontinued or the property is
transferred by the order of the court or judge to the
receiver appointed as aforesaid. After such attach-
ment is levied, or after notice, as prescribed by this
section, of the hearing by the referee or court of the
matter stated in the complaint is given.no sale or
other disposition of the property attached or pro-
ceeded against shall be valid or effectual, exoept in
pursuance of said proceedings, and all sales madein
pursuance of this section shall confer title' of the
property sold in the purchaser thereof. If, at the time
or at any time after thefactsin the complaint stated
in this section are judicially established as herein
provided, it shall appear to the court or judge that
a sale for a fair price of the property, real or per-
sonal, as contemplated herein, cannot be had, or it
shall be, in the judgment of the court or judge, best
for the interest of all parties interested to assign, for
such temporary use as may be needed, to the per-
sons sought to be relieved by this act, the whole or
any part of the real or personal property aforesaid,
to be distributed among the beneficiaries as shall bo
required by their several necessities, the court or
judge shall make an order to that effect, assign-
ing specifically the property to the use of the per-
son to be benefited thereby, and designating the
length of time that the property shall be soused,
which shall in no case exceed two years; and the
receiver appointed in the case shall see to it that
said property is properly used and not injured,
wasted, or destroyed, more than the natural wear
thereof. And any disposition by the party owning
paid property to interfere with the use aforesaidshall
be void. The chief justice of said Territory shall
make and publish such rules and regulations pre-
scribing the fees for executing the provisions of this
act, with reference to sale, use, or other disposition
of property, to be paid to the several officers en-
gaged in the execution thereof, (but the judge or
court before whom the proceedings are taken shall
be entitled to no fee,) as shall be just andnecessary,
and the court or judge, upon proof on oath of the
services rendered, shall tax or adjust the fees in
each case before him, and said fees shall be collected
out of the property attached, assigned, or sold, and
collected out of the personal property, if any, and
if none, or there is not sufficient, out of the real
estate. When proceedings under this act are com-
menced before one court or judge, such court or
judge shall have exclusive jurisdiction of the same
until the final termination thereof, except that for
cause shown the chief justice of said Territory can
by order remove the said proceedings before any
district court of judge, or before himself, and con-
tinue the same before such other officer or tribunal.
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted. That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and
directed to afford such temporary relief to destitute
persons in said Territory as cannot be relieved under
the last section, and who are not convicted of crime
and are reduced to destitution by the enforcement
of the laws against polygamy, as in his judgment may
be necessary and proper, to an amount not exceed-
ing $100,000; and he may prescribe and enforce such
rules and regulations to obtain correct knowledge on
jne subject, and to carry out the purposes hereof, as
he may deem proper and necessary.
fcEc. 32. And be it further enacted. That the Presi-
, flentof the United States is empowered and directed,
wnen in his judgment it shall be necessary to enforce
the laws of said Territory, or the convictions and
sentences of the courts thereof, to send such a portion
i tile,Army of the United States to said Territory as
shall be required therefor, and in case a sufficient
Portion of said Army cannot with safety be detached
from duty in other portions of the country to accom-
plish the same the President is empowered and di-
rected further to accept and receive into the military
service of the United States volunteers to the num-
ber of not exceeding forty thousand, and for such
term of service as he may deem proper, not exceed-
ing two years. And the Secretary of War is directed
and required to make such rules and regulations for
the movement and transportation of the troops and
the enlistment of volunteers as shall be necessary.
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted. That whenever,
by the provisions of this act, an oath is required to
be taken, if the person taking the same shall know-
ingly swear falsely to any matter or statement con-
tained in said oath, or in his testimony given in pur-
suance of the same, such person shall be deemed
guilty of perjury, and upon conviction thereof shall
be sentenced to imprisonment for a period not ex-
ceeding five years, nor less than two years, and the
district courts of said Territory shall have jurisdic-
tion of such offenses.
Sec. 34. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall take effect from and after its passage, and all
acts and parts of acts of the United States or of the
Legislature of Utah not consistent herewith are
hereby repealed and disapproved.
Mr. CULLOM. Mr. Speaker, if I can ob-
tain the attention of the members of the House
for a short time I shall endeavor to explain
the provisions of the bill that has just been
reported from the committee, and give such
reasons as I am able in favor of its adoption.
There will probably be no material difference
of opinion in regard to most of the sections of
the bill among those who believe in the neces-
sity of legislation on this subject. I may be
allowed to remark at the outset that, in my
judgment, the facts, as ascertained by the com-
mittee and as known to the country, show a
condition of things in the Territory of Utah
which determines beyond question that it is
our duty to do something in relation to mat-
ters there, and that without delay.
The first two sections of this bill provide for
the appointment of deputy marshals in each
of the judicial districts of the Territory, and
prescribe the duties which shall devolve upon
the marshal and his deputies.
The third and fourth sections provide for the
appointment of assistant district attorneys in
each of the judicial districts of the Territory,
and declare that it shall be the duty of the dis-
trict attorney, in person or by assistants, to
attend all the district courts and perform the
duties of prosecuting attorney in all criminal
cases arising in said courts. The object of
these sections, providing for the appointment
of deputy marshals and assistant United States
attorneys, is to get rid of the territorial mar-
shals and territorial district attorneys in the
trial of causes in the district courts of the Ter-
ritory, so that whatever writ or process it
became necessary to serve, or whatever prose-
cution it became necessary to make before
those courts, such officers might be had to per-
form those duties as could be relied upon and
as might not be in sympathy with the person or
persons arraigned before them. These four sec-
tions are therefore regarded as necessary legis-
lation, for the reason that I have assigned.
The fifth ■and sixth sections provide that only
citizens over twenty-one years of age shall be
competent grand or petit jurors, and that fifteen
good and lawful men shall be the specific num-
ber who shall compose the grand juries of that
Territory. The object of the sixth section is
to fix the number who shall compose the grand
jury by congressional enactment, so that the
Legislature of the Territory may not hereafter
undertake to chfinge it, to enlarge .or reduce
the number, and thus make it difficult for the
officers of the United States in the Territory to
get such juries as might be necessary for the
transaction of business.
The seventh and eighth sections provide that
the marshal of the Territory and clerk of the
court where the session is held shall select, in
the manner prescribed in the sections, the per-
sons who shall compose the grand and petit
juries. The special object of these sections
is to set aside or get rid of the Mormon statute,
or statute of the territorial Legislature, which
makes it impossible to get a grand jury or a
petit jury there which would punish polygamy,
bigamy, or'any crime which might be committed
by or under the influence of the Mormon
church. The statute of the territorial Legis-
lature provides the mode by -which all the
juries of the different courts in that Territory
shall be selected; and notwithstanding the Gov-
ernment of the United States has its district
judges there, and its district courts, and its
marshal, and its attorney, and all the various
officers of the law, yet, under the territorial
law in relation to the selection of juries, they
; have not the power to select any single jury,
in any case whatever, or under any circum-
stances. The second section of chapter thirty-
five, being an act defining who are exempt
| fromservingonjuries,andprescribingthemode
| of procuring grand and petit juries and juries
for district courts, and for other purposes,
provides—
" That the county court in each county shall, at its
I first session in each year, and at such subsequent
i session or other time as a neglect so to do at such
I first session or as other circumstances may require.
! make from the assessment roll of the county a list
containing the names of at least fifty men, residents
of the county, eligible to serve as jurors."
The sixth section provides that upon the
reception of said writ (former sections provid-
, ing that a writ for a jury may issue to the
II marshal)—
: The marshal, or the sheriff, as the case may be,
. , or either of their duputies, shall proceed to the clerk
of the county court of the county in which juries aro
I to be summoned, and said clerk shall, if a grand jury
II is required, in the presence<of said officer, thoroughly
; shake the tickets previously deposited in a box, or
< other safe place of deposit, and draw therefrom pro-
i] miscuously twenty-four tickets, and the persons
|! whose names are on those twenty-four tickets shall
I be summoned to serve as a grand jury, a minute of
! which drawing shall be kept with said clerk, with
II the names entered thereon in the order they are
; drawn. Andif petit juries are also required said clerk
shall proceed in like manner to draw and minute the
I twenty-four tickets; and the twenty-four person3
named on said tickets shall be summoned to serve as
i petit jurors. Said clerk and attending officer shall
j then sign the minutes of the drawing, which minutes
j1 shall be filed with said clerk in the office of the county
' j clerk of the county in which said drawing was had.
;j Then the thirteenth section of the same act
provides that—
j If during the term of the district court the number
of jurors provided prove insufficient, the clerk of
said court shall immediately issue a writ, directed to
; one of the officers before named as the persons to
serve such writs, for the requisite number; and said
officer shall at once proceed to procure them in the
manner hereinbefore provided; and in case such
writ exhausts the names already selected, the clerk
of the county court of said county shall forthwith
call a meeting of said court, which shall immedi-
ately select, in the manner already specified, at least
as many names as may at that time be deemed suffi-
cient.
These are sections of the statute of the ter-
ritorial Legislature in relation to the manner
of procuring grand and petit jurors for the sev-
eral courts of the Territory ; and, as you will
perceive, they have been so minute and partic-
ular in the framing of that statute that if it is
followed by the United States courts of the
Territory it is impossible for the marshal of
the Territory, or for the judge of either of the
district courts, when a jury is necessary for the
| trial of any case, be it civil or criminal, to
summon a bystander, or in any manner pro-
cure a jury, grand or petit, in whole or in part,
to sit in the courts of the United States, Ana
the object—as will be plainly seen before I
conclude my remarks upon this question—the
specific object of this statute is to throw around
the United States courts there such barriers as
have made and would continue to make it im-
possible for them to bring to punishment any
criminal should he be in favor with the Mor-
mon authorities in that Territory. And, sir, I
may say that it is perhaps as much duetto the
fact that it has heretofore been impossible to
procure juries for the trial of cases in that Ter-
ritory who were not in sympathy with the crim-
inal in every instance, that no convictions are
ever procured ; I say it is as much due to that
fact, perhaps, if not more, than to any other,
that criminals have, from the organization of
the Territory up to the present hour, gone
unwhipped of justice in almost every instance.
These sections which I have referred to pro-
