1869.
THE GGKGEI3SI0MAL GLOBE.
51
Mr. ALLISON.
• I do not know the way in
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania arrives
at that result, and I should be glad if he would
teii me how he ascertains that only $40,000
was paid to the marshals. It does not appear
m my accounts, that I know of.
®LD. I will. Under the law of
May 23, 1850, under which the census of 1850
was taken, the marshal himself was authorized
to make a bill for certain services on a'certain
ratio, and then the assistant marshal made out
his bill. Those bills were all to go to the Sec-
retary of the Interior separately, thus showing
exactly what went to pay the marshal himself
tor appointing his assistants and receiving and
forwarding their returns and what went to the
assistant marshal for collecting information,
x ou will find that the amount they received in
1850 was $34,000, or about forty thousand dol-
lars, I am not quite accurate, for discharging
duties which are now to be discharged by deputy
superintendents. The balance went to pay
assistant marshals, whose duties will now be
discharged by enumerators.
Mr. ALLISON. I am glad to understand the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, because I cer-
tainly misunderstood him before in reference to
the amount paid to marshals. He seems to
forget that in this census we propose to collect
information which was not required under the
census of 1850. The agricultural people of
the country desire that their Representatives
should introduce some schedules of statistics,
so as to enable them to know the amount they
are paying to great corporations for the trans-
portation of their products from the west to
the sea-board. They want to know what por-
tion of a bushel of wheat, what portion of a
barrel of flour goes into the hands of middle
men and great corporations. The census of
1860 gave us no information of manufacturers
who did not produce more than $500 a year,
so that the artisans and the mechanics of tiic
country who by their toil and labor add to the
wealth of the nation were not included at all.
Wo have provided hero that the mechanics
of the country shall give the results of their
labors; that the small manufacturers of the
country who are scattered through the towns
and villages of the West shall also he brought
in to show the results of their labors. These
are but a few of the vast number of additional
duties that are imposed upon these district
superintendents that wore not at all imposed
upon the marshals in the census of I860. And
is it possible that for the small pittance of
$300,000 or even $400,000 we are to say that
we shall be kept back from obtaining the sta-
tistics ofthe aggregate amount of wealth of the
people of this country as found in their farms
and workshops ; that we shall not have returns
not merely from manufacturers, but from me-
chanics, carpenters and masons and brick-
layers, who have extended their industry into
every part of the nation; that we shall not know
when the census of 1870 is completed whatit
costs to transport a bushel of wheat from Iowa
to Massachusetts ?
message i'kom the senate.
Here the committee rose informally; and
the Speaker having resumed the chair, a mes-
sage from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham, its Sec-
retary, announced that the Senate had passed
a bill (S. No. 283) to remove the political dis-
abilities of certain persons therein named, in
which they desired the concurrence of the
House.
ninth CENSUS,
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. ALLISON. It may not suit some por-
tions of the people of this country to have it
known that for every bushel of wheat the
agriculturist of Iowa produces he is com-
pelled to produce one other bushel of wheat
in order to pay the charges of these great cor-
porations, which are engaged in transporting
the produce of the West to the markets of the
East. It may not be desired by some people
that it should be known that the cost of our
railroads enters as a very serious item into
those charges of transportation. We have
framed here a most elaborate section, com-
pelling the railway corporations to show the
amount of the cost of building their respective
railways and the items of that cost, the amount
of the rates for local traffic, and the amount
paid for through trade, through freight, and
passenger traffic. These are matters which it
is important should be known, and for obtain-
ing that information the country will hold the
district superintendent responsible. We have
therefore provided a separate and distinct
officer, who shall not be connected with any
other department of the Government, and who
will be expected to bestow the utmost care and
judgment on the ascertaining of these facts.
Now, I do not believe that by the system
proposed by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts of employing the assessors of internal
revenue we can secure as much efficiency as
we can by having independent officers to over-
see these various schedules which are to he
returned to them and through them to the
department. The assessors will bo almost
constantly and legitimately employed in the
business of collecting the revenue, which in
the aggregate amounts to over one hundred
and fifiy-eight million dollars during thepresent
year. Now, sir, while I would be very glad to
adopt a more economical system I do not believe
the work can l>e done any more economically
than by the system proposed in this bill. Cer-
tainly 1 am not in favor of placing it under two
separate and distinct jurisdictions—partially
under the internal revenue department and
partly under the Treasury Department; and
for that reason I cannot support the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. GAHFIELD, of Ohio. 1 yield now to
tho gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. Tho amendment ofthe gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is not
without merit. It proposes to take this census
through tho machinery of the internal revenue
departmcntand to dispense with the numerous
corps of officials which this bill proposes. My
lirst impulse, following probably the dictates
of partisan considerations, was to favor any
proposition which would have for its effect a
restriction of the vast patronage already in the
hands of the present Administration. But, sir,
considering tho magnitude of the bill, recol-
lecting the vast interests at stake, and knowing
that any errors or omission of exacting the
highest possible degree of accuracy in the dis-
charge of this duty will make the whole census
worthless, I could not permit considerations of
a merely partisan or personal character to in-
terfere with my sense of duty with reference to
this question.
Now, sir, it has been very properly said by
gentlemen in tho course of this debate that the
assistant assessors are already engaged in im-
portant duties, and that if we impose on them
these new duties they will be compelled to
neglect either the one or the other ; that if
they are census-takers they cannot be assistant
assessors of the revenue. That I believe to bo
the truth.
But I go further than that with reference to
its application to the city of New York, with
which I am more familiar. The people of New
York have very reluctantly come into the sys-
tem of internal taxation. For months and for
years honest men in the city of New Yorkhave
striven to commend it to their consciences to
avoid that responsibility to the Government
which we all owe by contributing toward its
expenditures and the liquidation of its debt.
Among the poorer classes of New York, those
who were drafted during the war. those who
are called upon continually by all kinds of
inquisitorial investigation into their personal
and other affairs, men naturally shrink from
the assessor and the collector of internal reve-
nue. And when approached by an officer who
weekly or monthly comes, around to examine
theta in regard to their accounts, their books,
their earnings and profits, and their incomes,
they are instinctively averse to giving him that
degree of information which must be had in
order to make this census what it ought to be.
Now, it is proposed by these schedules not
only to take a census of the population but to
go very far beyond that. We propose to make
an investigation into the most private and
sacred affairs of life. Wepropose here to pro-
pound questions which never before were pro-
pounded to individuals in this country or in
any country in Europe. Now, I say that when
you send your emissaries among the people,
when you send your agents into their manu-
factories, their households or their cabins, you
must take care that they are unobjectionable
agents, men with whom the people will freely
communicate. Is the assistant assessor such
a person? I think he is not; and for that
reason, without asserting or believing that this
is the best system that could have been devised,
I think the proposition of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] would be the very
worst that could be conceived. It would be
a way not to do it rather than a way to do it.
Now, one word more in reply to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Stokes,] who has
made a reference to the census of 1865 in the
city of New York. In advocating a proposi-
tion to cheapen the mode of taking this ce*hsus
the gentleman from Tennessee refers to New
York, where a census was taken by officers
who received but three dollars per diem. Well,
Mr. Chairman, if this census is to bo taken as
the census of New York was taken it will be
a worthless, I might almost say an infamous
proceeding. The census taken in 1805 in the
State of New York was a shameful partisan
fraud upon the people. Tho population of the
State of New York as returned under that cen-
sus was cut down more than two hundred and
fifty thousand for the base purpose of denying
us our fair representation in the State Legisla-
ture. It is now conceded by the very men who
took that census that it was in fact no census
at all. If it is proposed to pay the officers to
be employed under this bill but three dollars
per day, and if the census of New York is to
be held up as an illustration of the sufficiency
of that rate of pay, I can only say that rather
than take such a census of the United States
we had better not expend money in attempting
to take any census at all.
No, sir; the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Judo,] the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley,] the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Al-
lison,] and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] have truthfully portrayed the great
magnitude of this proceeding. Such is the im-
portance of this work that I hope we shall-all
of us, without reference to party considerations,
approach the question with that gravity and
deliberation which the subject demands. Npt
because our creditors in Europe ought to be in-
formed as to our solvency and our increased re-
sources for meeting our public debt. Already
the best financiers of Europe have no doubt on
that point. They consider that the securities of
the United States are the best in the world; that
in propor-riou to the amount of our public debt
we have more resources and more available
income for its liquidation than any nation of
Europe. They do not require any such inform-
ation as this. But it is demanded by home
considerations, to enable us to discharge our
duty as legislators of the country, to inform us
as to the extent of the great productive inter-
ests of the nation, to indicate to us the legis-
lation that may be required by different portions
of the country. The world wants to know
something of this great land, something of its
commerce, its agriculture, its manufactures, its
mineral resources, its immense internal navi-
gation and facilities of ingress and egress. All
these are questions very properly provided for
in this census. This measure seems to have
been prepared with great care and to be a work
