1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3257
hi dr«d iailt* distant, to rote for Qront and Oolfinc;
as a clerk am punctual in attendance, discharge the
business assigned mo with as much conscientious-
ness a oiiui can. and for efficiency would be per-
fectly satisfied with the report of my superiors is the
office. I will also add that during the past two and
a half voars I hare not smoked a cijrar or pipo, nor
have I used tobacco in any form, and that no spirit-
uous liquors hare been drank by me—beer, or any-
thing kuown by the name of "drinks," unless it be
niilk and clear water; and yet, sir, the provisions
contained in this bill are such as would insure my
removal from office. I feel that I could protest both
loud andstronif against the adoption of such a meas-
ure, but my voice would be of no avail. It is doubt-
ful whether this bill would secure any better, more
competent, or uure reliable men. Mr. Jkxckes
acknowledges that it affccts tho uiiuor offices ouly.
this being the case, where is the good result? It
is certainly not the minor officers that are draining
the public Treasury; it does not come within thoir
power, beyond the compensation paid them.
It is not talent, it is not an extensive knowledge
•f books, that makes op the good clerk; it is more
adaptability than either. Men having a finished
education aro looking for something higher than a
Government clerkship, though they may accept ono
for a stepping-stone; but, under suoh circumstnncos,
do they do or intend to do as would the man who
fought for the place because ho felt himself compe-
tent to fill it nnd intended to gain an honest liveli-
hood thereby? There are clerks who have a colle-
giate education. They favor tb« bill beaause it is to
their interest to do so; but their services, rendered
as clerks, arc in many, many instances much inferior
to those who cannot make the boast of sueh a course
of study. To the above facts, each and every one,
lata willing to affirm on honor; and I devoutly hope
the hill in question will n>-ver become a law. Wo
may need reorganizing, but this is not the correct
mxitu operandi. I believe, at 1 east, a prov iso should
be ailde i. securing to such honorably discharged sol-
diers as have lost alegoron arm in the United States
service, now in tbe Government employ, retention
during good behavior, and ao long as their services
equal the amount of compensation reecived by them.
This would not suit many other employes, but, sir, I
think we have dearly earned a distinction of this
kind. It would be a fool indeed who would swap
piaeeswitha man who is crippled for life; no getting
over it, not for a day or an hour even; never again
permitted to be himself.
I submit this, sir, for your consideration, and trust
you will make further inquiries into tho workings
of this bill; and it would be a gratification, a decided
relief to many soldiers, to see a clause of some saoh
■aturc as indicated above appended to the bill now
under agitation. I ask as a favor that you preserve
this letter, and I will try and learn your address, for
the purpose of speaking with yon. Being a soldier,
I consider it my privilege to address a member from
any State, as I fought for no State in particular, but
for tho whole United States.
Very truly, yours.
A UNITED STATES CRIPPLE.
Hon. J. A. Pktf.es, JI. C. from Maine..
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I regard the
bill which we are considering as a sort-of com-
plement to the tenure-of-office act, which was
so prominent before the country two year* ago,
which caused so much popular excitement,
wiiieh was productive of so much embarrass-
ment to the executive branch of the Govern-
ment, and wbieh has been since modified and
substantially repealed by Congress. , In ray
opinion all the objections so forcibly urged
against the tenure-of-office act are applicable,
to a greater or less ex tent, to the bill under con-
sideration. By this bill tbe executive branch
of the Government, and indeed all other
branches of it that are invested with any ap-
pointing power, are left in the possession of all
the power they have heretofore had in refer-
ence to appointments to office, while it tends
to abridge their authority with respect to the
removal of officers and to circumscribe to some
extent tbe number of parsons from whom the
(elections may be made. So far as I am able
to ascertain, the bill will ha^e no other practi-
cal result.
The bill leaves in tbe Executive the same
discretion at present exercised as to who shall
W appointed. Under its provisions, if liter-
acy followed, all the appointments under the
Jjovernment might be made from one of the
■states of this Union, because it provides that
persons who pass the most creditable exam-
ination (hall be entitled to preference in receiv-
es appointments. I do not believe that those
controlling the present Administration, nor do
"Pe that any future Administration? would
undertake to practice a literal conformity to
• provisions of the bill, if by so doing polit-
1Ca< opponents should receive appointments in
preference to political friends. N© party, as
{ parties are now organised in this country, would
feel itself compelled to do this by any law per-
mitting any discretion whatever with reference
to appointments. This bill would simply en-
able the persons controlling appointments to
evade responsibility where they did not want
to assume it, while they would assume respons-
ibility when they saw proper to do so from
any personal or party considerations. In other
words, it would enable them to do by indirec-
tion that which they now do direetly.
So far as my observation has gone all these
Sretended examinations connected with the
departments (and we have them now) are but
means of enabling the Departments to select
from among their friends those who suit them
best without saying in so many words, " We
select this man because we prefer him, and we
reject the other because we do not like him."
Nobody regards the rejection of ao applicant
or nominee by one of these Departments as
any indication that the person is disqualified
for the discharge of the duties of the office;
such rejections simply signify that the exam-
ining board from some cause, either because
they do not happen to admire the personal
appearance of the applicant or because they
are not much in love with the gentleman nom-
inating him, or from some other capricious
motive, choose to get rid of him in a way which
allows the applicant no relief, but only inflicts
upon him mortification and annoyance.
Sir, it may become just as important under
this bill to have somebody to examine the com-
missioners as to have an examination of those
appearing before theia. Jf we have a faithful
Executive, firm, resolute, and determined, be
can accomplish all that this bill seeks to ac-
complish. There will be no efficiency in tho
machinery put in motion by the bill. So that,
sir, I regard it merely as a means of embar-
rassment to any administration, without any
"corresponding benefits to result so far as I am
able to ascertain. I think if the bill shall
become a law you will find the frieuds of the
Administration whom those in power desire
to have appointed will still be appointed, and
you will find means will be resorted to to get
rid of obnoxious persons in some way orotber
notwithstanding the provisions of this bill.
Even if you should make the bill much more
stringent on the subject of removal there is
such a process known as freezing out" per-
sons who are not desired to be kept iu office.
If nothing else can be accomplished men can
be driven to resignation, which is as effectual
a mode of getting an officer out as the exer-
cise of the power of removal.
I am assured by gentlemen familiar with tbe
several Departments ot the Government that
> the provisions of this bill, if rigidly and hon-
1 estly enforced, would require the rejection of
at least three hundred persons in one of the
Departments alone, maimed soldiers and men
who served during the war, more or less de-
fenseless persons, having claims upon the Gov-
ernment, who are able to perform the clerical
I duties required of them acceptably, but who
■ could not «orae up to the standard required by
these gentlemen from schools and colleges, or
pass examination by the class of men clearly
| contemplated as examiners under this bill.
There is no necessity for any snch thing as this;
i and I will not, therefore, hold the floor any
longer.
| Mr. MAYNARD. How much time have I
i left?
! The SPEAKER. Eleven minutes.
I Mr. MAYNARD. I yield to the gentleman
1 from Maine [Mr. Mobrill] for three minutes.
! Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, Mr. Speaker, I
I do not know it is necessary for me to make any
: extended remarks, although I have sometimes
) thought I shoald like to speak at some con-
' siderablo length on this important bill. I am
! net in sympathy with the principle or the
| details .of tbe bill, I do not believe it has one
i redeeming quality to correct the evils of which
I it complains.
. In the first plaoe, so far as the clerks of tho
Government are concerned, they have bow to
undergo an examination into their literary
qualifications. I have no doubt they would
examine into the honesty or laziness on tho
part of those who are employed as clerks in
the various Departments of the Government if
they had the power so to do. The efficiency
of the clerical force in the various Departments
of the Government may be secured now as the
law defines and specifies at the present time,
and that is to have the heads of the Depart-
ments have the control of all matters in the
Departments over which they preside. I know
the grand difficulty iti all tbe Departments,
foe I have been a clerk in one of these Depart-
ments myself. I am perhaps the only member
upon this floor who has been a clerk here.
Mr. MAYNARD. I did not know the gen-
tleman had been a clerk, and I yield to him
two minutes longer.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have been a
nominal clerk here in one of the Departments,
and know the difficulty in the way of pmrifying
the clerical service. All the clerks in all the
Departments have got there under the influ-
ence of some member of Congress—someSen-
atorot some Representative—or some essential
or important personage in the Government, who
has recommended certain individuals for their
positions. They have gone into the clerical ser-
vice perhaps under an examination, oftentimes
without; and by the exercise of favoritism on
the part of the examiners, sometimes those who
have been essentially qualified to fill the clerical
position to which they have been recommended
have been discarded simply because they wished
to put in others not so well qualified. Such is
the case, although the law is as stringent as it
can be made under the gentleman's bill.
The great difficulty in purifying the service,
so far as the clerical force is concerned, is that
where a man has been found to be incapacitated
for the position to which he has been assigned,
and he is notified his services are no longer
required, the Senator or Representative who
phtced him there says to tbe Secretary, " This
man must be-retained." Now, sir, if Repre-
sentatives and Senators will just act upon the
principle "hands off," and allow the Depart-
ments to control their own clerical force, they
will have accomplished a great deal in the puri-
fication of the service, and place the clerical
force, so far as that is concerned, and perhaps
every other department of the civil service, in
a satisfactory position.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I now yield for a min-
ute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
CovoDe.]
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, I have, only
asked one minute for the.purpose of stating
very briefly the reasons why I am disposed to
vote agaiast this bill, or to vote to lay it on the
table. In the first place I look upon it as an
attempt to establish an aristocracy of office-
holders, and to follow in the lead of the Govern-
ments of Europe, disregarding the voice of tbe
people who are instrumental in putting the men
in power who control thepublic offices. I further
object to the bili because in its operation it is
calculated to.ignore the claims of the disabled
and wounded soldiers, to whom we are bound
by the strongest possible obligations to give the
preference in filling those offices. It would
furnish an excuse to the men who may be
appointed as examiners to reject tbe soldier
when under other circumstances he would get
the office to which be is entitled. I further
Object to the bill because it would relieve the
Administration of the responsibility of running
the Departments. The result might be that we
might find the Departments run against the
Administration for the time being in office, who
ought to have the responsibility of the manage-
ment of tbe Departments. •
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr, Speaker, I will only
add a word to what has been said. Suppose
this bill bad been the law in 1861 when Mr,
