1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4201
Senator from Connecticut if he has presented
this matter of the imprisonment of Hatch, or
rathor the complaint against General Babcock,
to the Secretary of State or to the President.
Has he called their attention to this complaint
against General Babcock?
Mr. PERRY. No ; I have not presented to
them any complaint against General Babcock;
and I have not presented a complaint against
General Babcock here. If the Chair will per-
mit me to state what seems to have been entirely
forgotten in the debate, what I have presented
is a memorial of a citizen of the United States
charging that he has been injured by an unjust
and illegal imprisonment on the part of the
Dominican Government; and I stated that, in
the evidence connected with and showing the
extent and character of that imprisonment, it
appears that General Babcock, then a commis-
sioner of the United States in San Domingo,
used his influence against the release of Mr.
Hatch, while the Department of State here was
endeavoring to procure his release, and was in
communication with our commercial agents
there, who, at the tune, were negotiating with
the Dominican Government to procure his
release; that at that very time General Bab-
cock used his influence against that relea.se upon
the ground, as he stated himself, that if released
Mr. Hatch would use influence against the con-
firmation of the treaty of annexation. That
was the substance of what 1 stated.
What 1 have presented here is a memorial
of Mr. Hatch, and I really intended to present
simply the wrongs of Mr. Hatch. I really
intended to have those wrongs investigated.
In the investigation of those wrongs this fact
regarding General Babcock came to my knowl-
edge upon such evidence as that 1 could not,
and I cannot, and 1 do not doubt its truthful-
ness. I do not know General Babcock. I
shall be exceedingly glad if it shall be proved
that the information which has been brought
to me is not true; but at this moment I believe
it to be true, every word of it; and 1 believe
that the Senator I'm in Nebraska, [Mr. Thayer,]
within a week, will himsell believe it to be true.
But that is merely incidental; it is a part of the
evidence in the case ot .Mr. Hatch, showing the
wrongs winch he has endured by this long
imprisonment at the hands ot the Dominican
Government. I have not presented any charge
against General Babcock to the Piesidcni nor
to the State Department.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from Con-
necticut has certainly heard but one side of
the question.
Mr. PERKY. Certainly not.
Mr. THAYER. And yet he avows his con-
viction that the charges are true. _ I leave it, to
the Senate to say whether that is not a pre-
judgment of the case. Why does he declare
to the Senate his conviction? Was it his duty
to do so? Is he anxious to forestall the judg-
ment; of the Senate, when ho has heard but an
exparts stii foment of the alleged io.ets r" ! say
to my friend from Connecticut that, m my judg-
ment, he has prejudged the ease. A judge
should hear both sides before he pronounces
judgment.
But, sir, I rose to ask him it he had pre-
sented this complaint against General Babcoci<
to the Secretary ot StnXG or to tnc President.
I understand that he has not done so. Gen-
eral Babcock was sent out as a commissioner
by the President. He was responsible directly
to the President for his official acts. I say to
theSenatorfrom Connecticut that his first duty
was to present the ease to the Secretary ot
State or to the President, to have given the
President an opportunity to investigate the
acts of his commissioner. Why does the Sen-
ator bring it to the Senate? Why does he ride
over the President to bring it here ? There was
but one course to take, in my judgment, and
that was to leave this matter to the President
for him to take action; and then, if the Pres-
ident allorded no redress, if he took no cogni-
zance of the case, the next remedy was to
appeal to the Senate of the United States.
General Babcock was an officer of the Presi-
dent, his agent, immediately responsible to
him. Now, let me ask the Senator further,
has he asked for redress for the wrongs done
to this citizen of the Secretary of State or the
President? I mean in answer to the petition
which is now presented here.
Mr. PERRY. I think if the Senator will
wait until the committee, which is about, as I
trust, to be appointed, shall report, he will
ascertain from the evidence before that com-
mittee what papers have been laid before the
State Department upon this subject. He will
ascertain that since last December efforts have
been made, lirst, to obtain the release of Mr.
Hatch, which efforts were successful some
time in the month of May, I think; and he
will ascertain a sufficient reason, an abundant
reason for presenting the memorial of Mr.
Hatch to the Congress of the United States.
1 do not wish to take now from my desk and
read papers bearing upon the very question
which the Senator suggests. I have papers
bearing upon that very question. In my judg-
ment it was proper and right to present to the
Congress of the United States these wrongs
inflicted upon a citizen of the United States;
and in choosing the place where I should go
for redress I think I have done right as a lep-
iesentative of a constituent of mine residing in
my own State.
Mr. THAYER. I must be permitted to ask
the Senator from Connecticut if the State
Department or the executive department have
failed to obtain the necessary redress?
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator from Ne-
braska allow me to make a suggestion to him?
Mr. THAYER. Certainty.
Mr. HOWE. He will observe that it is now
almost two o'clock, and he will remember that
there is really no question in dispute. All par-
ties n re willing that there should be a reference
of this matter, and thev are agreed as to the
direction it shall take. Now, I ask the Senator
if we cannot just let it take that direction, and
postpone this debate for the present?
Mr. THAYER. I should have been through
before this time if I had not been interrupted.
My friend will bear in mmd that I do not often
take up much of the time of the Senate.
Mr. HOWE I am aware ol that.
Mr. 'THAYER. I only wanted to bring out
this (act that instead of applying to the execu-
tive department of the Government for redress
the application was made to the Senate, at least
so far as 1 am informed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on ihe adoption of tho resolution.
The resolution was adopted, as follows :
liesolved, Xli.it tho mcmori.il of Davi-s Hatch, nnd
the iicoorapanymg papers, be reterreilto a select
committee, to be composed of seven {Senators, to
iiivcU'gatoaridreportttio.veon, with power to exam-
ine witnes&es and to send for persons and papers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inquire, How shall this committee be
appointc d ?
* Mr. NYE. By the Chair. That was a part
of my original motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That ordor
will be entered, and the Vice President will
appoint the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT subsequently ap-
pointed Messrs. Nye, Funny, Howahd, Wil-
liams, WauYra, Souur.z, and Vickeas the
committee.
HILLS LLOOSiMITTED.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senator fiorn Maine, before the Indian bilHs
proceeded with, I ask that the bill (II. R. No.
15-19) to enable Aun M. Rodefer, administra-
trix of Joseph Rodefer, deceased, to make
application for the extension ot letters-patent
for an improvement in bedstead fastenings,
reported from the Committee on Patents some
days ago, be recommitted to that committee
with some additional evidence which I have to
submit to the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be entered.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC TALL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1001) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
SO, 1871, and for other purposes, reported il
with amendments.
PAPEltS WtTHDirnVN AND JUSPEUItKD.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papeis rehitkis to
the claim of Thomas Crown be token from the {ilea
ot" tho Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
PEItSIlCUTtOX OP .U'lWS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States; which was read, as follows:
To tile Senate of ihe United States:
1 transmit to the Senate, in an-wor to their reso-
lution ot'^tho 3d instant, tho accompanying report
from the Secretary of Suite.
U. S. GRANT.
WASHINGTON, ,/itlieB,
The VICE PRESIDENT. As the letter of
the Secretary of State is brief il will bo read
in full.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Dnr urniEi.'t or St it::,
Washington, June (5. 1870.
To the f're-ri. 'n( .
The .Secretary of Shite, to whom li:w been referred
tho resolution ot tho Senate of the o.l instant, re-
questins; the President " to communicate to (lie Sen-
ate, if in his op nion not incompatible, with the pub-
lic interest, any iuiormation in the possession ot tho
Department oi State concerning n reported perse-
cution and nnissiltre of 1 -■ jc.. in Itoumania," has
tile honor to report that he has roceivod no official
information iu>on the subject referred to.
Ilespceifuily submitted:
HAMILTON FISH.
Sir. SUMNER. I move that (hedocuments
bo printed and laid on tho table.
Tho motion was agreed to.
ASSISTANT TKB\SIJIU;R At' lilLTuMOUC.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a bill which I
reported yesterday from the Committee on
Finance, that, ought to be acted on to day ; and
the Senator from Vermont, who objected to it
yesterday [Mr. Udmoxds] told me that he
would not object to-day. li. is a bill to author-
ize the appointment of an Assistant Treasurer
at Baltimore. P is important that it should
be acted on at once.
Tho ViCE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent to consider the bill at this time.
Th-n-e being no objection, the bill (H. R.
! No. *J115) to provide for the appointment of
an Assistant Treasurer of the United States at
Baltimore was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The first section provides that in addition to
the officers provided for in the fifth section of
the act approved August, 0, 1810, entitled ''An
act to provide for the better organization of the
Treasury, and for the collection, sale keeping,
transfer, and disbursement of the public reve-
nues," there shad be appointed an Assistant.
Treasurer of the United States, to be located
in the city of Baltimore, n the Slate of Mary-
land, to be appointed ia hk« manner, for like
j time, and lie subject to all the provisions of
! law to which the other Assistant Treasurers
I provided for in that iifih section are subject,
i The second suction directs that there shall
be prepared within ihe custom-house ot the city
of Baltimore suitable and convenient rooms
for the use of the Assistant Treasurer, and
sufficient and se-C'ire fire-proof vaults and safes
for the keeping of the public moneys collected
and deposited with him; and the Assistant
Treasurer is to have the custody and care ot
these rooms, vaults, and safes, respectively,
and of all the public moneys deposited therein,
- . 1 .  -j > . i _  o/inirn( rn
UiClO 111 -    ,
transfer, and disbursements of such moneys.
