1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5145
It is possible that we may be able to pass it
without a reference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
on the table, if there be no objection.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 3-57) to pre-
vent the farther sale of the public lands in cer-
tain States and Territories, except as provided
for in the preemption and homestead laws and
the laws for disposing of town sites and min-
eral lands, was read twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. I should also like to have
that resolution lie on the table in order that
it may be examined. The Committee on Public
Lands of the Senate have reported on the same
subject. I do not know whether this is the
same bill or not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will lie on the table.
The bill (H. R. No. 1686) to prevent the
further sale of the public lands in the Territory
of Dakota, except as provided for m the pre-
emption and homestead laws and the laws for
disposing of town sites and mineral lands, was
read twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that that bill also
lie on the table. I think the Committee on
Public Lands have reported all three of those
bills in one bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill (II. R. No. 2049) for the protection
of settlers on the public lands of the United
States was read twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that that also lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY subsequently said : I move
that the bills which were laid on the table
on my motion a few moments ago be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill (H. R. No. 23o9) to declare forfeited
to the United States certain lands granted to
the State of Louisiana, to aid in constructing
a railroad therein, was read twice by its title.
Mr. KELLOGG-. With the concurrence of
the Senator from Kansas, I should like to
have the same course taken with that bill as
with the previous bills. Let it lie on the table,
subject to be called up for consideration.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It will be
so disposed of, if there be no objection.
funding bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 380) to
authorize the refunding and consolidation of
the national debt, to extend banking facilities,
and to establish specie payments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that that be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. A Senator [Mr. Hamlin]
asks me to move to non-concur ; and perhaps
that will be the quickest way to get at this
matter. 1 therefore move that the Senate non-
concur in the amendment of the House, and
ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is too important
a bill to be disposed of in that way; and 1
desire to say one word now in reference to
that subject. I think this is an appropriate
time to do it. We are having at this session
non-cotieurrencesandcommitteesof conference
to an extent that 1 have never before known.
There have come to this body two or three,
and I do not know but half a dozen little bills
of no considerable consequence at all, where
the House has disagreed with the Senate, and
asked for a committee of conference. One is
on the table this morning; and what do you
suppose it is? In reference to the payment
of grand and petit jurors; and a committee
of conference is asked upon that. The oilier
day we had a committee of conference on a
bill amendatory of the bankrupt law; and
what was the matter in controversy? Why,
whether ajudge in one of the Territories should
exercise bankrupt jurisdiction, or whether it
should be confined to the three judges sitting
together. A bill was passed for the purpose
of allowing that jurisdiction to each territorial
judge. Both Houses had agreed on that; but
there was some other provision in the bill we
had not agreed upon, as to allowing a clerk to
act in certain instances, a matter of very little
importance, but yet here was a committee of
conference on it.
Mr. MORTON. I think it is only little
things that ought to be left to a committee of
co n f'srsQcc.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But would the Senator
from Indiana have committees of conference
on all these bills? It is giving up the whole
legislation of the country into the hands of six
men.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illi-
nois will allow me to make a statement 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not now. In reference
to this bill I wanted to seize this opportunity
to object, and I intend to object to this prac-
tice. If that class of bills comes here from the
other House with messages asking committees
of conference, and that course is continued to
the end of the session, as it has been, I intend
for one to raise the question in the Senate
whether we shall agree to committees of con-
ference. I think the two Houses could have
agreed on that bankrupt bill and on this jury
bill. The Senate cares very little about fixing
the compensation of grand and petit jurors.
We would recede from our amendment if there
was any difficulty about it. The idea of hav-
ing a committee of conference upon such a
question was never heard of before.
Now, the true theory of a committee of con-
ference is. that there is a real, substantial dis-
agreement between the two Houses, and it is
necessary to confer and see if there cannot be
an agreement produced. I think the Senator
from Maine, who is chairman of the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, will bear me
out in saying that we have never had confer-
ences asked for as at the present session ; and
all our business is to be done in that way if
this thing goes on.
Now, in reference to this particular matter,
perhaps the subject has been sufficiently con-
sidered by both Houses; but it is a very im-
portant question, and I think we ought to
understand what the House amendment is
before we agree to a conference upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is precisely what I
was about to state to the Senate when I sought
to interrupt the Senator. I agree with what
the Senator says in regard to having confer-
ences on small matters. But, sir, in this case
both the Senate bill and the House bill have
been amply debated. The Senate bill was
passed in this body after three weeks of very
foil discussion. The House bill has been
debated at length in the House, and was thor-
oughly considered by the Committee of Ways
and Means. The differences between the two
propositions are rather matters of detail. For
instance, the House bill proposes a bond of
thirty years, at four per cent. The Senate bill
proposed three classes of bonds at tour, four
and a half, and five per cent, respectively.
There is a difference as to the duration of the
bonds. There is also some difference as to the
mode of negotiation.
The whole subject is fully understood by
both committees and by both Houses. It is
just exactly one of those classes of cases
where a committee of conference is the only
solution. Everybody admits the necessity of
passing a funding bill, and of passing a fund-
ing bill in sach a way that it shall be a practi-
cable measure, so as to lead to a reduction of
the interest on the public debt. I do not know
any way in which the three or four differences
between the two Houses on tins snbjertean be
so weii reconciled and brought together as by
a committee of conference. If this is not
done, the. House amendment will have to be
referred to the Committee on Finance, and
they will probably report back either a propo-
sition to amend the House amendment, or else
a proposition for a committee of conference,
so that we shall have a conference at last.
Mr. HAMLIN. I concur most fully in what
has been said by the Senator from Illinois in
relation to committees of conference. There
have been more at this session, certainly, than
I have ever known before, and they have gen-
erally been upon very unimportant matters. I
understand the reason given for it in the other
branch of the Legislature to be this: when there
is an amendment proposed by the Senate to a
House bill somewhat unimportant they choose
in the other House to ask for a committee of
conference rather than to open up a discussion
which, if allowed in the other House, would
have led to an agreement to the Senate amend-
ment. They ask for a committee of conference
in such cases, as I learn, because it is the short-
est method of settling the disagreeing votes.
The evilisthis: that committees of conference
sometimes may ingraft upon a very unimport-
ant amendment that which will become im-
portant, and then both Houses are obliged to
take the question precisely as it is presented
by the report of the committee of conference,
without an opportunity of amending or chang-
ing it. That is the evil to which it is subject.
I think conferences on little matters ought to
be avoided.
But one word upon this question. Senators
know that we had a long and very thorough
and able discussion in the Senate upon this
subject, and matured a bill which we sent to
the House of Representatives. 1 have watched
very carefully the action of that body, and the
Senator from Ohio has certainly stated all the
distinctive differences between the House and
the Senate bill. Now, so far as legislation is
concerned, if the matter be referred to the
Committee on Finance, and they recommend
their amendments to the House amendment,
it can only lead to another discussion, which
will end, as certain as time, in a committee of
conference at last. The whole thing having
been fairly and fully discussed, it seems to me it
might as well go to a committee of conference
to-day as any time, and for that reason I shall
certainly vote with the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will add to what the
Senator from Maine has said that it is not
possible that a committee of conference can
add anything to either of the bills. I will cer-
tainly take care that no provision is inserted
which is not contained in one of the bills.
Mr. THURMAN. I think I might say with
safety that not one Senator in ten outside of
the Finance Committee knows what is in the
amendment made by the House of Represent-
atives to this bill. I doubt whether any Sen-
ator outside of the Finance Committee knows
what that amendment is.
Mr. SHERMAN. Whoever has read the
debates of the House knows.
Mr. THURMAN. I have not read the
debates of the House. It is as much as we
can do to read the debates of the Senate and
attend to our business here.
Is it proper that we should be asked to non-
concur in an amendment about which we know
nothing? Who is authorized to say that the
Senate will not concur in that amendment if
it is once understood? I do not know what it
is ; I have not the least idea of what it. is ; but
I am not. willing to non-concur in the dark,
and least of all for the purpose of sending a
bill of this importance to a conference com-
mittee, because, according to my experience,
there is never any debate on the report of a
conference committee; it goes through almost
as a matter of course, in other words, the
appointment of a conference committee is
pretty much an abdication of the legislative
power of the Senate and a devolution of that
I power on the conference committee.
I hope, therefore, this bill will take the reg-
ular course and be referred to the Committee
on Finance and printed, so that each of us may
