1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
41st Cong 2d Sess.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Hamilton.
Senate.
vision be effective; in this ease, however,
Congress found it proper to interpose by legis-
lation. A mass, and a large mass of the peo-
ple North at all times reluctantly obeyed, and
at last utterly refused to obey this provision
of the Constitution, bid defiance to the claim-
ant and the local agencies assisting him to
enforce his claim to a degree almost insur-
rectionary, if not revolutionary, wherefore the
legislation of Congress in 1850, a portion of
which has been detailed here to-day by the
honorable Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Ed-
munds.]
But observe, Mr. President, the difference
between all these provisions and the terms of
the fifteenth amendment. The former are all
addressed to the subjects to be affected, and
to the subjects exclusively; the latter is ad-
.dressed to the State, and to the State solely.
"No State shall" is its language. Tliesubjeet-
matter is the action of the State ; the State is
not to do a particular thingin its action upon a
named subject; it assumes not only that the
State has the power, but that it must act upon
the subject-matter, and in so acting roust not
deny or abridge the rights of certain persons,
&c. The action of the State is the primary
consideration or object. Its action upon the
question of suffrage prior to this amendment
was absolute, Unqualified, unlimited, and ex-
clusive of any controlby Congress. Thisamend-
ment qualifies and limits it in one respect, and
in one respect only.
The action of the State being thus limited
by this amendment, suppose the State does
not observe it and goes beyond it, and does
make the inhibited distinction of race or color,
in your prolific begetting of jienallaws willyou
make provision for punishing the State, or
will you punish the State legislators for ex-
ceeding their power and violating this amend-
ment—indeed the latter isbeinggravely mooted
now, and I am apprehensive is gaining strength
with the more advanced progressionists, who,
with their usual persistence, at last bring up
the hesitating, for I observe that something
of this kind is already in a bill introduced in
the House of Representatives to punish mem-
bers of a State Legislature who may vote for
the rescission of an act ratifying a constitutional
amendment—or will you pass a superfluous act
declaring it unconstitutional and void ; or will
you, refusing to do such wrongful and foolish
things, more sensibly permit sueh action of a
State to be simply what the supreme law
makes it, unconstitutional and void?
In article one, section nine, of the Constitu-
tion there are eight paragraphs denying or
limiting the exercise of certain powers to Con-
gress. It is not to be presumed that Congress
would do so foolish a thing as to legislate upon
the subjects denied to it either by prohibiting
legislation upon them or by declaring any legis-
lation upon them illegal and void.
Take, for illustration, the denial to Congress
in the third paragraph of this section ot the
exercise of this power:
" No bill of attainder or ex post facto law shall bo
passed."
This is equally denied to the States in sec-
tion ten. Suppose Congress passes some law
in conflict wir.h this provision of the Constitu-
tion ; it is simply void, and the courts^will so
declare when persons who are injured or af-
fected by it appeal to them. Suppose States
should enact laws ax post facto in their charac-
ter, or bills of attainder; sueh laws and bills
would simply be void, and the courts would so
adjudge when persons oppressed by them would
appeal to them. And the Constitution of the
United States is not doubtful on this right of
appeal. The judicial power extends to all
cases in law and equity arising under the Con-
stitution, and Congress has foil power to pro-
vide the courts and the means of trial, so that
there cannot be a wrong done without the
means of securing reparation or pootection in
a legal and recognized mode.
"While, as I have before stated, legislation
by Congress for itself upon the subjects denied
to it is not only nugatory but foolish, can it be
imagined for a moment that a similar denial
to the States to legislate upon certain subjects
or in a certain way confers upon Congress the
full power of legislation upon these very subjects
in the States, and thus upon a denial to a State
give to Congress this comprehensive power of
legislation? If this be so, then what cannot
Congress do under the many prohibitions upon
the States contained in the Constitution and
the amendments? Look at this one, which I
cite alone for illustration. Article fourteen,
section one, declares that—
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge tile privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States; nor shall any State deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property without due
process of law; nor deny to RDy person within its
jurisdiction the eaual protection of the laws."
Under these prohibitions to the State, if the
doctrines and principles involved in the bill
now before us be sound and true, then Con-
gress possesses the full power to legislate upon
all the subjects enumerated in this amendment,
and which embraces all the subjects of life,
liberty, and property ; and in fact, taken with
the other prohibitions in the Constitution to
the States, would comprehend every right of
person or property belonging to an American
citizen, ana thus, by such a construction of
the Constitution, hand over to Congress the
arbitrament of every right of the citizen and
of the State. Can such a construction be
maintained or tolerated, even in thought or
desire, much less in fact? The old—I say old
because it ought to be distinguished from the
new—Constitution was in force for seventy-
four years before the late civil war, and never
before was such legislation as this attempted.
Never before did Congress undertake to legis-
late upon these denials of power to States.
Never before did Congress deign to arrogate
to itself the assumption of such power over
the subjects denied or prohibited to the States,
unless by grant conferred upon it. Nowhere
is there "to be found an act of Congress tend-
ing to such legislation or such an exercise of
power.
I assert, Mr. President, without the fear of
dissent-here, that the denial of the exercise of
a certain power by the Constitution to a State
does not thereby confer upon Congress power
over the subject-mattet of such denial; and if
this general proposition be sound, then this
proposed measure is all wrong; not only wrong,
but monstrous in its wrong.
But, Mr. President, the legislation contem-
plated by this bill is not worse than the spirit
in which it is conceived. The great object is
to absorb by this system of legislation what
little remains of the former powers and rights
of the States—to consolidate, to centralize.
One by one the reserved rights that once gave
dignity and power to a State are stricken down.
The object is to force upon the State and the
people of a State the will of Congress, what-
ever that will may be. Instead of the Consti-
tution, this will is to be substituted as the
supreme law of the land.
Coercion is the grand discovery and the om-
nipotent remedy of the day for all ills, whether
real or imaginary. Nothing is to be left to the
assent of the governed and the voluntary
observance of the duty of a citizen. Coercion
is the meat upon which our modern Ctcsars
feed ; upon it they have grown so great and fat
that they are dazzled at the unbounded ambi-
tion of their great prototype, and would fain
grasp the power it secures, but signally fail
to emulate his generous trust and confidence
and the charms of his personal sympathies.
His skill and valor as a soldier, his eloquence
as an orator, his learning as a man, his knowl-
edge as a statesman, and his power as a chief-
tain, made him the "foremost man of all the
world." Yet it must be remembered that his
policy was but the result of the condition of
Rome when Rome had lost its autonomy in
the corrupting influences of centralization, and
in the absorption of peoples and communities
with customs, manners, and currents of thought
alien to its ancient spirit and constitution.
Coercion is the embodiment of all our woes.
In the early days of the Government and the
Constitution, just fresh from the hands of its
founders, it was decried and reproved by all
the great and venerable names that have made
our civil and military history illustrious. From
the year 1798 down to the late civil war it was
reproved by nearly all the great and good men
of the country. Butnowit pervades everything.
The spirit of coercion is rioting in the excesses
of its absolute supremacy; its bloody foot-prints
are tracked in almost every law passed by_ Con-
gress, and for whatever purpose. Even in the
effort that should be made by all patriotic cit-
izens to restore the States lately in war to their
former practical relations with the Union the
same malign spirit prevailed, and we beheld
that most extraordinary and striking spectacle
in which Congress presented the alternative to
the unhappy people of those States of either
adopting this very fifteenth amendment, so
repugnant to them and a large majority, as I
believe, of the people of the United States, or
remaining still without a civil Government and
under a military despotism.
Nothing is to be left to the great principle
that government is based upon the consent of
the governed, and the harmonizing, efficient,
and self-protecting influences of this sentiment.
Nothing is to be left to the unobstructed action
of the individual operating under the general
law, and as his interests are affected in his
dealings and relations with others, appealing to
it through the common tribunal of justice, and
securing in this way protection and redress fur
himself; but everything must be penal. Look-
ing at the number of bills before us, not only
declaring what the law is to be, but making it
penal to violate it, one would suppose that this
spirit of interference, of wrong, and of oppres-
sion was infusing itself into all the depart-
ments of life. There is so much penal legis-
lation that the statesman in after ages, examin-
ing the statutes to see the condition and temper
of our people now, would almost be tempted to
the conclusion that we lived in a penal colony.
In law the course of things is tending to the
criminal courts; instead of the citizen vindicat-
ing his rights under the law against citizen in
the civil courts, and determining there its rela-
tions to each, the State is to interposeits power in
its execution in all the departments of business.
In illustration of this view I will first refer
to the four bills reported, namely, first, to
secure to all persons the protection of the law ;
second, to enforce the fourteenth amendment;
third, to the bill of tho honorable Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] to protect all
citizens of the United States in their rights to
hotel accommodations, schools, &c.; fourth,
to punish the collection of illegal taxes. The
latter bill, reported by the Committee on Com-
merce, prohibits the collection of a tax imposed
by a State upon freight or passengers upon a
railroad, declaring it unconstitutional, illegal,
and void, and punishing any one who may col-
lect it by fine and imprisonment. Under the
1 ordinary and old-fashioned mode of legislation
! if such a tax or imposition be unconstitutional
' it is simply void, and no such legislation as
that proposed would be either needed or sug-
gested, but the person charged with it could
refuse to pay it, and the courts would determ-
ine it. and this without any cost to the Govern-
ment. But in the other case the United States
is to be the prosecutor and the avenger of any
law it may see fit to pass.
