1370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
vide, as I have said, the manner of selecting
the juries; and not only do they provide for
the selection of juries for the regular terms of
the court which may be held in the Territory,
but tliey provide for whatever contingency may
arise in reference to extra sessions or terms
of court, or for whatever increase of business
may occur in either of the courts of the Ter-
ritory. By the adoption of these sections we
not only get rid of the territorial statute which
places the selection of the juries entirely in
the hands of men opposed to the enforce-
ment of the law, but provide a simple and
uniform mode of selecting the juries of the
courts of that country, which I regard as very
essential.
The county courts of the several counties of
•he Territory are presided over by what are
called probate judges. Who are the probate
judges of that Territory ? They are men hold-
ing high position in the Mormon church, and
alectea by the territorial Legislature. The
territorial Legislature is elected by the peo-
ple, but Brigham Young and other leaders
control the mass of the people, and only men
high in authority in the church are sent to
the Legislature. Nobody ever occupies a seat
in the Legislature, as the testimony shows,
and as is well known there, who is not a
prominent character in the Mormon church.
The bishops or other high officers of the
church are the men who go to the Legislature
and who make the laws of the Territory,
and they are the men, too. who appoint the
probate judges of the several counties of the
Territory. These probate judges are all bish-
ops, and it is not to be expected, from wKat
is known of the spirit of these people, that
bishops occupying the position of county
judges, with power under the statute of con-
trolling the selection of the juries of the Terri-
tory, would allow any man's name to be found
in the box which contains the list of grand and
petit jurymen, who was not pledged or known
beyond question to be opposed to the prosecu-
tion of any man for the commission of any
crime countenanced and sanctioned by the
doctrines and spirit of Mormonism. So that,
as I have already said, it is a moral and a
legal impossibility ever to secure the indict-
ment or conviction of any tiian in the Terri-
tory guilty of bigamy, which is made a crim-
inal offense by the statute of the United States
of July 1, 1862.
The ninth section simply provides for the
redistricting of the judicial districts of the Ter-
ritory. This has been regarded as necessary,
growing out of the fact that some'years ago,
and since tbf Territory was organized, a por-
tion of the southern part of the Territory was
detached 8nd made a part of the State of Ne-
vada. Besides, the Pacific railroad, recently
completed, running along the northern portion
of the Territory, has given an impetus to busi-
ness in that section, and consequently increased
the population of that portion of the Territory
to a great extent. The last part of that sec-
tion gives the Governor of the Territory the
power, when it shall be deemed necessary to
fee exercised by him, to provide for changing
the regular terms of the conrt to such times as
may be regarded by him as necessary for the
accommodatiota of the people.
The tenth section provides that in all crim-
inal cases both the prosecution and the ac-
cused shall have the right to challenge for canse
the array and poll both of the grand and petit
jurors, and that in all prosecutions for bigamy
and other crimes specified in the act no per-
son shall be a competent juror, either grand or
petit, who believes in, advocates, or practices
bigamy, concubinnge. or polygamy; and upon
that fact being ascertained, such person being
presented as a juryman shall be excused from
.service for cause. This section is very import-
ant, because if we allow to remain upon the
statute-books of the country laws making big-
amy or poljrgamy a criminal offense, and in-
tend to punish the commission of such crimes
through the means of the civil authorities, it
is idle to expect that it can be done by juries
who believe in the right to commit such offenses
or who openly advocate and practice them in
the face of law. I regard this provision as in
entire harmony with the practice and rules
established and controlling all our courts
everywhere. It is hardly necessary for me to
say that it is not an infraction upon any rule,
law, or principle, or upon the rights of par-
ties in any manner, to exclude from the jury-
box, in the trial of a man for murder, a man
who would answer upon his examination by
the court as to his fitness that he was opposed
to the infliction of capital punishment in a case
where the accused is proven guilty, and the
law declares that a party guilty of such crime
should be punished with death. The courts
of the country always exercise the right to
exclude from the jury-box a man who is not a
law-abiding citizen in the trial of any case,
civil or criminal. And it is ia accordance with
this generally recognized principle that the
committee have incorporated this provision in
the section that I am now discussing, exclud-
ing men from the jury-box, as jurymen, where
the accused is to be tried for the offense of big-
amy, polygamy, or concubinage, who believe
in, advocate, or practice such a crime.
The eleventh section of the bill provides that
the lawrful wife of the accused, in cases of pros-
ecution for bigamy, concubinage, or adultery,
shall be a competent witness to prove the first,
as well as any subsequent marriage of her hus-
band, but for no other purpose. The main
object of this section is to provide some man-
ner to prove the first marriage of the man, and
the reason why the wife is made by this sec-
tion a competent witness rests on the fact that
it is next to impossible in that Territory to
prove by competent testimony, under the rules
of evidence in relation to marriages, the mar-
riage of anybody to anybody or by anybody.
While, as 1 have shown, barriers have been
placed on all sides where an attack was likely
to be made to prevent conviction for the com-
mission of the crime of bigamy in that Terri-
tory so as to render a conviction almost impos-
sible, I might cite this fact as another reason
why the courts have been unable to convict
anybody for the crime of bigamy. Mormon
marriages are conducted in a secret manner.
They take place in what is called the "endow-
ment house," and under such circumstances
that no Gentile or Gentile court or Federal
officer, none but those sworn to secrecy, can
ever ascertain any facts connected with the
ceremony, or the time or place of its perform-
ance. Therefore the committee have provided
that the lawful wife shall be competent to prove
the marriage or marriages of her husband. If
the laws of the country are to be enforced and
offenders punished there must be some means
of arriving at the facts.
. The twelfth section of the bill recites the
fact that marriages in that Territory rest solely
upon the contract of the parties followed by
cohabitation. By the laws of the Territory no
form or ceremony is prescribed for the solemni-
zation of this important relation. There is no
law requiring a record, certificate, or publica-
tion 01 the fact to be made. So that, as I said
before in reference to the reasons for adopting
the eleventh section, there is*no possible way
of* proving the first, second, third, or other
marriage except by showing the fact of cohab-
itation between the man and the woman ; that
the man treated the woman as his wife; by
hit declarations and admissions acknowledging
that such a woman was his wife, or that such
women were his wives. And this section pro-
vides that upon producing such proof of cohab-
itation or admissions and declarations showing
that he treated the woman as his wife, such
testimony should be sufficient to produce con-
viction unless it was rebutted by proper testi-
mony. And the section further provides that
marriages may be proven by the ordinary evi-
dence produced to prove marriages in other
cases, and by such testimony of fact and cir-
cumstances as I have before stated.
The thirteenth section may be perhaj s re-
garded, in the main, as a new feature in legis-
lation in this country. It provides that any
man who shall live or cohabit with one or more
other than his lawful wife, as his wife or
wives, shall be adjudged guilty ot' the crime
of concubinage, and upon conviction be pun-
ished by a fine not exceeding $1,000, and im-
prisonment in the penitentiary not exceeding
live years. This section is to make the cohab-
itation with more than one woman the gist
of the crime, thereby getting rid of the diffi-
culty and necessity of proving a marriage in
prosecutions for concubinage ; and it provides
that the alleged concubines shall be compe-
tent witnesses to establish the guilt or to dis-
prove the charge. The right to introduce, as
competent witnesses, the alleged concubines
of a man upon the trial of a cause, either for
or against him, is no infraction of the ordi-
nary rules of evidence; because, upon the
theory that these women are not the wives of
the party, they are competent witnesses under
the ordinary rules of evidence, as I have before
stated; and, as is well known, in the different
States where statutes have been passed making
bigamy a criminal offense, in nearly every in-
stance these statutes declare that the second
marriages are vbid, are a nullity, and the courts
have held that such women, so married con-
trary to law, shall be regarded as competent
witnesses upon the trial of any case where the
husband is involved.
The fourteenth section simply provides that
the statute of limitations shall not bar the
prosecution for any of the crimes specified
in the bill, nor for the crime of bigamy or adul-
tery hereafter committed. Concubinage being
for the first time a criminal offense, it is not
necessary to declare that the statute of limita-
tions shall not operate against it as a crime
now existing, because until this bill becomes a
law it is not a crime of which the courts can
take cognizance. This section is not open to
the objection that it reaches back and enables
the courts of the country to prosecute for
crimes committed before the passage of the
law, because it expressly declares that it shall
not run as a bar against the prosecution for the
crime of bigamy or adultery hereafter com-
mitted.
The fifteenth section declares that any per-
son who shall commit the crime of adultery
shall be punished by imprisonment not ex-
ceeding five years nor less than one, and by a
fine not exceeding $1,000 nor less than $100.
And it provides also that indictments may be
procured against persons committing the crime
of adultery, and against persons violating the
act to punisn and prevent the practice of polyg-
amy in the Territories of the United States,
and against persons guilty of tie crime of con-
cubinage ; and violations of the law against
bigamy, concubinage, and adultery may all be
charged in the same indictment.
In the thirty-first section of the act in rela-
tion to crimes and punishments, in the laws
of the Territory of Utah, it is provided that—
" Every person who commits the crime of adultery
shall be punished by imprisonment not exceeding
twenty years and not less than three years, or be
fined not exceeding $1,00;) and not less than (300, or
both fine and imprisonment, at the discretion of the
court. And when the crime is committed between
parties cither ono of whom is married, both are
Suilty of adultery and shall be punished accordingly.
To prosecution for adultery can be commenced but
on the complaint of the husband or wife."
This is the section of the territorial law pro-
viding for the punishment of the crime of
adultery. This section by the fifteenth section
of this bill is repealed and a specific punish-
ment provided for parties committing the
offense, the object of the repeal being to get
rid of the last clause of the section, which pro-
vides that no prosecution for adultery can be
commenced but on the complaint of the hus-
band or wife, which was to prevent any prose-
cations at all for the commission of those
