4202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
The rooms and vaults now used by the United
States designated depositary at Baltimore are
to be set apart for the purposes named iu this
scction, as far as they may be applicable.
The third section directs the Secretary of
the Treasury, upon the appointment and qual-
ification of the Assistant Treasurer, to revoke
the designation as a United States depositary
of the collector of customs at Baltimore, and
to order the transferof all the books, accounts,
vouchers, property, aud public moneys in the
office of the depositary to the office of the
Assistant Treasurer.
Section four provides that the Assistant
Treasurer shall receive a salary of $5,000 per
annum, to be paid quarter-yearly at the Treas-
ury of the United States; which salary shall be
in full for all his services; and a sufficient
amount to pay the salary until June 30, 1871,
is appropriated.
The fifth section authorizes the Assistant
Treasurer, with the approval of the Secretary
of the Treasury, to appoint the same number
of clerks and messengers in his office, and at
(he same compensation, as now provided by
law, for the ofiice of the United States depos-
itary in Baltimore.
The sixth section proposes to appropriate
$1,000, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, in such repairs
and additions as may be necessary to put in
good condition for immediate use the office,
rooms, vaults, and safes herein mentioned, and
in the purchase qf any necessary additional
furniture and fixtures, and in defraying any
other incidental expenses necessary to carry
the act into effect.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
DUIjUTII llAIUiOR.
Mr. RAMSEY. If there be no objection,
I should like the Senate to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill for the improvement of
the harbor of Dulutb, on Lake Superior.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the hon-
orable Senator does not address himself to
me. I cannot yield.
TheVICK PRESIDENT. The Indian appro-
priation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will not the Senator from
Maine yield?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir.
MESSAGE I'KOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (IT. R. No. 1937) to provide for the
holding of additional terms of the district and
circuit courts of the United States iu the State
of Michigan, aud for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2173) to amend an act
entitled "An act to reduce the expenses of the
survey and sale of the public lands in the
Usik-d States," approved May 30, 1802;
A bill (II. R. No. 2175) amendatory of an
entitled "An act supplementary to the sev-
eral acts relating to pensions," approved June
vm-,
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 322) author-
izing the Secretary of War to transfer to Keo-
fctiL, Towa, condemned ordnance for the orna-
mentation of the soldiers' cemetery at that
place; and
A .joint resolution (H. R. No. 323) giving
condemned ordnance to the national asylum
for disabled soldiers, Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing vote9 of the
two Houses on the bill (fi. R. No. 785) to
provide for furnishing artificial limbs to dis-
abled soldiers.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (3. No. to
establish the collection district of Willamette,
in the State of Oregon, without amendment.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills ; aud they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 2f>3) to establish certain post
roads in the State of Alabama, and for other
purposes;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 140) appointing
managers of the National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers; and
A joint resolution (S. II. No. 212) in relation
to the compensation of assistant marshals for
taking the census for 1870.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referredas indicated below :
The bill (H. R. No. 1937) to provide for the
holding of additional terms of the district and
circuit courts of the United States in the State
of Michigan, and for other purposes—to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 2173) to amend an act
entitled "An act to rcduce the expenses of the
survey and sale of the public lands in the
United States," approved May 30, 1862—to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 2175) amendatory of an
act entitled "An act supplementary to the sev-
eral acts relating to pensions," approved June
6, 1860—-to the Committee on Pensions.
The joint resolution (11. R. No. 322) author-
izing the Secretary of War to transfer to Keo-
kuk, Iowa, condemned ordnance for the orna-
j mentation of the soldiers' cemetery at that
| place—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
! The joint resolution (EI. R. No.323) giving
| condemned ordnance to the National Asylum
j for Disabled Soldiers, Milwaukee, Wisconsin—
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION HILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II.R.
No. llG'J) making appropriations .for the cur-
rent aud contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions (so culled) with various Indian tribes for
the year ending June 30,1871, and for other
purposes, the question being on the amendment
ol Mr. Pomkroy, to add to the bill the follow-
ing sections:
And be it further enacted. That when tho Groat and
Little Osago Indians shall agree thereto, in such man-
ner as tho President of tho Uuited States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, shall provide,
tho United States shall assume the absolute control
aud ownership of all tho lands known us the Great
and Litilc Osage reservation, in the State of Kansas,
including all lands in said State ceded to the United
States in ti ust, by article second of the treaty between
tho United Stales and said Indians, concluded Sep-
tember 2D, 1805, as well an the so-called diminished
reservation, tor which the said Indians ahull be
allowed and paid the sum of &LCX>,0u0. Aud after
deducting the cost of land for a, permanent home in
the Jndia.n territory, and tho amount of their ascer-
tained in debtednei-s, as hereinafter provided, and the
necessary cost of removal to their now homes, and
temporary support for a period not exceeding six
months, the said cost ot removal and temporary sup-
port not to exceed the sum of $.50,000, the residue of
said SI,600,000 shall be placed to their credit on the
books of the Treasury of the United States, and bear
interest at the rate of five per cent, per annum, to be
computed from tho date of tho approval of this act,
paid interest to bo payablo semi-annually, as follows,
to wit: tho interest on $100,000 shall bo paid for tho
support of schools in said nation; the interest on
$300,000 shall bo paid in cash for national purposes;
$5,200 thereof shall be paid as compensation to the
chiefs and councilors of the nation; £5,000shall be
expended for the encouragement of agriculture, to
be paid $ro rata to each head of a family in propor-
tion to the number of acres cultivated and improve-
ments made thereon by individual members of the
tribe, the object being to encourage real industry
among them; and the remaining $4,800 shall be ex-
pended, under the direction of the council and agent
for tho tribe, in the payment of such other expenses
as may be necessary for tho benefit and support of
their national government; and the interests on the
balanco shall be paid to the members of the nation
•$er capita.
And be it further enacted, That as a compensation
to Osages for I ho stock and farming utensils which
the United States ayrced to tarnish them by tho
second article of the treaty ot January 11.1839. and
which were only in part furnished, tho United States
shall pay tho said nation ^20,000 ; and a?
tion for the saw and grist mill which the United
States agreed by s.ud treaty to maintain lor them
for fifteen yoars, and which were only maintained
five years, the United States shall pay said nation
$10,000, which sums shall bo expended, under the
direction of tho Commissioner of Indian Affairs, iu
the following manner: i?12,OOJ in erecting ajrmioy
buildings, a warehouse, and blacksmith's dwellings,
and a blacksmith shop, and the remaining $18,000 m
the erection of a school-house and church and tho
purchase of a saw and grist mill.
And be it further enacted, That ail debts owing by
the Great'and Little Osage nation of Indians, and
unpaid at the date of the signing of said treaty,
cither to whites or Indians, by said Osages, shall be
liquidated and paid out of the funds arising from tho
sale of the hinds herein described, so far as the same
shall be found just and valid on an examination
thereof, to be made by the agent of the tribe and the
superintendent of Indian affairs for the central <mper-
interwlency, subject to tho approval of tho national
council of the Osage nation in each individual case,
and of the Secretary of the Interior: Provided, That
tho amount so allowed and paid shall not exceed
$40,000: And provided further, That if the amount
ot just claims shall exceed the sum of $10,000 thesaid
amount of $40,000 shall be divided pro rata among
tho different claimants whoso claims shall have been
established and allowed, which payment, when ac-
cepted, shall be held to be a full payment of all such
claims.
And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid
to the members of the Great and Little Osage tribo
of Indians a just and lair compensation for horses
stolen from thorn by white citizens of tho United
States since the ratification of tho treaty of Septem-
ber 29,1865, to be ascertained by the agent of said
tribe and the superintendent of Indian affairs for
tho cential superintendence, who shall make a care-
ful and thorough examination of each ease within
six months after the passage of this act, and report
tho same to the Secretary of the Interior for his ap-
proval or disapproval: Provided, That the wholo
amount to be paid for such claims shall not exceed
$40,000; and if the amount of claims, established as
hereinbefore provided, shall exceed said sum, the
said sum of $10,000 shall be paid pro mtu and bo
accepted in full satisfaction.
And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
of the President to procure lands for a permanent
homo for said Osage Indians, in tho Indian territory,
equal in quantity to one hundred and sixty acres for
each member of said tribe, or such part thereof as
said Osage Indians may desire, to bo paid for out of
tho proceeds of the sale of said reservation in the
State of Kansas, the price per acre of such lands to
bo procured in the "Indian territoi*y not to exceed the
price paid by the United States for the same.
And be it further enacted. That if any individual
belonging to said tribe of Indians, or legally incor-
porated with them, being an Indian and the he-id
of a family, shall desire to commence farming, lie
shall have tho piivilege to select, in the presence
and with tho assistance of the agent then in charge
a tract of land within said district of lands procure.I
by the President for their new homes, us provided
in* tho preceding section, not exceeding onchundiod
and sixty acres in extent, which tract, when so se-
lected, certified, and recorded in tho land book as
herein directed, shall cease to be held in common;
but the same may bo occupied and hold in the ex-
elusive possession of the person selecting it, and of
his family, ho longas he ortheyuiaycontinue to cul-
tivate it. Any person over eighteen yeais of age,
not besng tho head of a family, may in like manner
select and cause to ho certified to him or her, for
purposes of cultivation, a quantity ot laud not
exceeding eighty acres m extent, and thereupon be
entitled to tho exclusive possession of the samo, as
abovo dnected. t For each tract of land so selected a
certificate containing a description thereof and the
namo of the jmr^on selecting it, with a certificate
indorsed thereon that.the same has been recorded,
shall bo delivered to the party entitled, to it by tho
agent after the same shall havo been recorded by
him in a book to bo kept in his ofiice subject to
inspection, which said book shall be known as tho
Osage land book." Tho President may at any time
order a survey of the reservation, and wnen so sur-
veyed may establish such rules and regulations its
may be deemed necessary tor protecting tho lights
of said settlors in their improvements.
And be it farther enacted, Tftat it shall he the duty
of the President, as soon as may be al'tcr the p^s^jge
of this act, to adopt the ncccssary means lor carry-
ing into effect the fifth section thereof, and as soon
thereafter as may be practicable to cause said Indians
to be removed to their new homes.
And be it further cnactad, That as soon a& practi-
cable alter the passage of this net the said dimin-
ished reservation in the State of Kansas, or so much
thereof us the Secretary of the Interior may determ-
ine, from time to time, shall bo surveyed under th
direction of tho Commissioner of the Uonoral Lam.
Ofhce aud by tho surveyor general of the proper land
district, as the public lands are surveyed.
And be it further oincffd, That to reimburse the
United States the said SI,600,000, the cost of survey
and sale, the amounts provided to bo paid by the
United States to said Indians, in section two and
section four of this act, and tho interest which m.tv
be paid by the United States to said Indians on the
said purchase-money, the said lands shall be sold to
actual settlers only, in quantities not exceeding olio
hundred and sixty acres to each purchaser, at 25
per acre,in cash, saidsettlers bemgheads ot tamiiies
