1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4203
or single persons over twenty-one years of age and
citizens of the United States, or having decbu cd their
intention to become such, as provided by law, and
who shall have made ^uch settlement, cultivation,
- _ .) I   Kit f U A I/\n
1
h tiu&eji ul uiiu u^iicms vi tut  
tiou shall, within ninety day^ after public notice or
the approval of the survey of said lands, or date of
his settlement thereon, appear before n register of
the proper land office, and file his intention to pre-
empt, and within tix. months from the date of said
tiling, nppear before the register and receiver and
nuke proof and payment therefor: Provided, also,
Tfeat if any person, having hied his intention to pre-
empt, shall iail to inako proof and payment, asliere-
inbclore provided, tho said lands filed on by him
shall be, after due notice, subject to sale at public
outcjy to the highest bidder, at not less than SI £>
per aero. And after the United States shall have
received from tho proceeds of the sale of said lands,
over and above the cost of the survey and sale
thereof, the amount provided for in the second sec-
tion ami fourth section of this act, and the said sum
of <<1,000,000, with accrued interest, including in such
estimate the proceeds of the sales of tho so-called
Osage trust lands, which may have accrued before
the approval of this act, tho residue of said lands
shall be disposed of as other public lands: provided,
Jurwevcr, That nothing in this act shall be so con
sixtoentn anu luuiy-siAiu b«uuuu iu cu.uti township
of the public lands to the Stato of Kansas for the
sup-port of public schools, to said lands, in such a
manner as not to interfere with the prior rights ot
actual settleis as afoiesaid.
Mr. POMEROY. This matter was under
discission -yesteiday during the day. There is
very little difference between the propobilipn
reported by the Committee on Indian Affairs
which I urged yesterday, and the suggestion
of the Senator from Maine, the chairman ^ of
the Committee on Appropriations ; and I think
that without going into the discussion 1 ally
to-day we can agree substantially on a basis of
settlement. The Committee on Indian Affairs,
in harmony with the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Interior, reported a bill pro-
posing to remove these Indians and to sell their
Lands, the Government to be the purchaser, at
$2,000,000. The Senate agreed, however, to
put the price, as the Indians had agreed to
take that amount, at $1,600,000.
There is no question, then, with regard to
the removal of the Indians; there is no ques-
tion of detail now, I believe, at issue, so iar as
relates to the disposal of these lands, except-
ing one, and that is that the Senator from
Maine urged that these lands should all be
taken in trust by tho Government under the
provisions of an existing law, and that the
Indians should receive the pay for them only
so fast as it was received by the Government,
at $1 2-5 au acre, from actual settlers. I made
some opposition to that proposition for this
reason : the Indians always insist upon know-
ing how much they are going to get, and when
they are going to get it, and how they are going
to get it. The Senator from Maine, 1 know,
desires to be just to the Indian; and nothing
is either iust or satisfactory to him that does
not fix the sum definitely, and therefore it was
that I urged that a definite sum—I am not, ot
course, particular whether it is $1,000,000 or
S2 000 1)00—shall be fixed for their lands, and
the lands disposed of under the laws pertain-
iu" to the public lands. That system will close
tins Indian reservation, will secure a detinue ^
sum to the Indians, and will, I believe, promote
the prosperity and the peace of the country. ]
iu four instances in my State tho Govern-
ment has undertaken to sell Indian lands in
trust, and in no case has the trust been termin-
ated yet. It works this injury to the Indian.,
as it would to a private citizen if he owned the
tract: settlers will take the best lanu, the \al-
leys, the timber, and then that which is unsala-
ble is left on hand. No good business man
bavin" a tract of land to dispose of would sett it
iu that way. The Indians remonstrate against,
it I!, is confiscating really the best ot the
Siind at the expense of the poorest. A man
who desires to sell a tract or land, if he is a wise
man, will sell it all, so that the good and the
bad shall go together. W e ought to act m that
way to these Indians, and these laims ought to
be disposed of in that manner.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, will the
Senator allow me to appeal to him to let us
vote on this question? it has occupied now
almost two days.
Mr. POMEROY. Iam the shortest possible
man to take up any time that is unnecessary.
But I want to say that I agree to the proposi-
tion which the Senator from Iowa, the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian A flairs, has
prepared, as I understand, to be submitted this
morning. If it embraces these three things I
certainly a^rce to it: first, that the Indians shall
be removed ; second, that the Government shall
buy their lands and pay for them a fixed and
definite sum; and third, that the settlers shall
be enabled to buy them at $1 an acre until
the Governmentis reimbursed the amount paid
to the Indians; and that after that they shall
be public lands, if there are any left, and be
administered upon as other public lands under
the homestead law and any other laws that
apply to public lands. If the proposition has
that in it I will accept it cheerfully, and I think
I the Senate will. I also mean, of course, that
it shall include the other provision which 1
understand the Senator from Maine is now
willing to agree to, that the State shall have
the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections in each
township for the support of schools. i
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move that amend- I
ment be amended so that wherever the amount
now stands 000,000 it shall read "^2,000,-
000."
Mr. POMEROY. I acccpt the $2,000,000.
I do not care, about the amount.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. And also where it
reads ''four per cent." I move to strike out
"four" and insert "five."
Mr. POMEROY. _ I thought tho Senator
wanted to do something for the Indians. The
interest on $2,000,000 at four per ca it._ is just
equal to the interest on $1,000,000 at five per
cent.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It should be 5*2,000,-
000 at five per cent.
Mr. POMEROY. But the committee re-
ported a large sum of money and put it at a
low rate of interest, so that the Indians should
get no more annually. I do not want to trnle
witli the Indians.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not know of
any Indian funds which are not or ought not
to be at interest at the rate of five per cent.
Mr. POMEROY. That is what it ought to
be. I accept the modification proposed by the
Senator fLoni Connecticut.
Mr. HOWE. I want to submit to the hon-
| orable Senator from Connecticut thai _ I think
he makes a mistake in proposing au increase
of tho price to be paid by the Government for
these lands. My understanding is that the
Indians are ready to take a million and a half.
Mr. POMEROY. One million six hundred
thousand dollars they have agreed to take.
Mr. HOWE. And against that consent the
Senator proposes to pay ?2,000,000. Now I
aslc him if upon consideration he can see any
reason for that? i listened yesterday to the
remarks of tlie Senator lrom Indiana,
Mouios,] and to the remarks ot the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] complaining
ot the general treatment which the Indian race
1 has received at tho hands of the American
people. I think those complaints are mistaken.
Of course we have bought of the Indian lace
their relinquishment of these territories for
less than these territories are worth now; but
I ask my honorable friend from Connecticut
to look at the fundamental idea which under-
lies and has underlaid our whole Indian policy.
It is this, that the right of barbarism was just
as good as the right of civilization. Although
these tribes which our fathers found here were
inesfc; Ltiuub ivuivu ..—
barbarous, and although they were weak as
compared with the civilized and Christian peo-
ples of the world, we conceded that they were
the owners of the soil and that we would en-
croach upon them, not by the exercise of lorce,
but by piuchase. We have proceeded to bar-
gain with them. They were not smart at
making bargains; but after all I think that
every bargain they have made, while it baa
been for the advantage of civilization, has not
been to the detriment of the barbarous race.
It has resulted in giving to us the relinquished
title, the clear title to a very large portion of
this continent. Certainly my honorable friend
would not agree to give up all these contracts,
at any price whatever, and to restore all these
territories to the occupation of barbarism.
But how is the Indian race injured? Are
they at all crowded? Have they not room
enough to- day ? Look at this very Osage tribe
of Indians. I am told they have a population
of about four thousand.
' Mr. POMEROY. A little over throe thou-
sand.
Mr. HOWE. A little over three thousand,
says the Senator from Kansas. They have a
territory of over eight million acres. That
little Indian population of three or four thou-
sand has a territory one third larger than the
State of Vermont, and the State of Vermont
has a larger population than all the Indian
tribes of tho United States; and Vermont is
not crowded. 'The people of Vermont have
room to breathe there. Now, does this excess
of territory do these Indians any good ?
But what other consequence lias resulted to
the Indians? We have made purchases of
them, I say, from time to time, and tho result
is that, in pursuance of your bargains that you
have made with the Indians, you are^annually
appropriating to support an Indian population
of less than three hundred thousand—the Sen-
ator from Iowa corrects nie by saying that there
are three hundred and seventy-eight thousand.
That is the estimate, but that includes seventy-
five thousand who are in Alaska and with whom
we have no concern whatever, and I believe it
is generally conceded that these estimates are
too large instead of too small; but call it. thiee
hundred thousand souls. We are annually
appropriating to take care of an Indian popu-
lation of three hundred thousand about one
tenth of what was tho expense of this Govern-
ment before the late war. I am told by the
honorable chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs that there is over six million dollars
appropriated in this very bill—$0,000,000 for
a year to take care of three hundred thousand
Indians 1 , ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend will allow me to say that the appropria-
tions for fulfilling treaty stipulations are about
three million dollars, including the recent trea-
ties. The sum in the bill has been swollen to
between five and six millions by the amend-
ments which have been put on by the Senate,
which are not for their support and mainte-
nance, but are fo bring up old arrears. It has
been the effort of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to see that old debts
were paid. Our annual expenditure lor the
performance of treaty stipulations has been
between two and three millions.
Mr, HOWE. But in addition to that must
be the cost of the whole Indian establishment,
tho salaries ofyour officers and your agents.
Mr. MORUILL, of Maine. That is not iu
addition to the amount 1 have named.
Mr. IIOWE. What, am I to undeistand the
annual expenditure to be?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In 1868, £2,/00,-
000. It vanes a little. 1'or the last few years
it averages about two million five hundred
thousand dollars. Last year it was much larger
than usual. ,
Mr. HO WE. I understand the Senator tlien,
or, to say that, taking one year with another, t ie
cost of our Indian establishment is abou
millions and a half. rni^ mnpe-
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. A htt e
perhaps in the last eightyearsit would aveia0t
dl>Mi-U UO WE.1'1' A-nd this year you have extra
appropriations, which bring it up to ovci mx
millions ?
