1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5147
Mr. ROSS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a joint resolution (S. R. No.
239) to provide for the removal of Cherokee
Indians, in the State of North Carolina, to the
Cherokee lands west of the Mississippi river ;
which was read, and passed to a second read-
ing.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to -whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1639) to compensate Holmes E. Offley for
extra labor as chief clerk in the Navy Depart-
ment, reported it without amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee on
Patents, to whom was referred the petition of
John B. Emerson, praying compensation for
the use by the Government of the United States
of an improvement in steam-engines, of which
lie is the inventor, submitted a report thereon,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 1038) for the
relief of John B. Emerson.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr, ABBOTT asked, andby unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1036) for the relief of John B. Weaver, late
collector seventh district of North Carolina;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, ar.d ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, andby unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1037) to regulate appeals in proceedings in
bankruptcy ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION KILL.
Mr. RAMSEY, Mr. NYE, Mr. HOWE, Mr.
WILSON, Mr. W1LLEY, and Mr. SDMNEli
submitted amendments intended to be proposed
to the bill (H. R. No. 2165) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1871, and
for oilier purposes; which were referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
Mi-. SCOTT submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (II. R. No.
2092) making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain public
works on rivers and harbors, and for other
purposes, for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1871; which was ordered to be printed.
CONFERENCE COMMITTEES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Carpenter, Mr. Stewaut, and Mr. Tirea-
man as the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(H. R. No. 936) to provide for the compen-
sation of grand and petit jurors in the circuit
and district courts of the United States; and
Mr. Wilson, Mr. Thayer, and Mr. Johnston
as the committee of conference ou the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the joiut
resolution (II. R. No. 109) amendatory of a
joint resolution for the relief of certain officers
of the Army.
NEW ORLEANS CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take up Senate bill No. 909.
Mr. NYE. I supposed I had the floor when
the morning business was through.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask permission to offer a
resolution calling on the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for information, which I should like to have
considered now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive the resolution.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration :
Unsolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to transmit to the Senate all papers on file
in his office relating to the removal of James l1'.
Casey, collector of customs at New Orleans, as well
as any papers showing tile manner in which said
Oasevhas discharge! the dull<■ - of his office since he
has been collectoi; tlio number ol persons employed
in said custom-house during each of the months of
April,May, June, July, August. September, October,
November, and December of 1809, and January and
February of 1870; the amount paid to said employes
per month; and if any persons were employed and
paid during said time without authority of'Iaw; if so,
how many, and the amount thus paid them, and what
labor, if a.ny. they performed; the amount paid to
employe's in said custom-house during each of the
months of 1865,1866,1867, and 1868, together with the
number of persons employed during each of said
months; the amount and proportion of income, if
any, of imports and exports at said port during said
years.
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC RAILROAD
Mr. NYE. I now move to take up Senate
bill No. 401.
Mr. ROBERTSON. What bill is that?
The Chief Clerk. A bill (S. No. 401) to
amend an act entitled " An act granting lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the States of Missouri and
Arkansas to the .Pacific coast by the southern
route," approved July 27, 1800.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing business is through, and the motion is in
order.
Mr. DRAKE. I think the morning business
is not through.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the Sen-
ator has any morning business to present it is
in order.
Mr. DRAKE. There is an order in refer-
ence to the future meetings of the Senate,
which I offered a few days ago, and which I
think ought to be disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That does
not come up unless it is called up. The rule
requiring such matters to be laid before the
Senate has been repealed. The motion of the
Senator from Nevada is in order.
Mr. NYE. I suggest that under the rules
the resolution of the Senator from Missouri has
no preference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule
requiring the Calendar of resolutions to be
taken up after the morning business has been
repealed by the Senate, and the motion of the
Senator from Nevada is in order.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 401) to amend
an act entitled "An act granting lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the States of Missouri and Arkansas
to the Pacific coast by the southern route,"
appioved July 27, 1866.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Will the Senator from
Nevada allow me to call up Senate bill No.
533, which is an act of simple justice?
Mr. NYE. I do not hear the Senator.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I should like very much
to be allowed fo call up Senate bill No. 533
and to dispose of it. It will not take five min-
utes. The Senator himself knows that it is a
meritorious bill.
Mr. NYE. I should be most happy to ac-
commodate the Senator; but really I have
been so many times on the verge of passing
this bill, and then been put off, that I cannot
let it go now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from California, [Mr. Casserly,] to insert
at the end of the last section of the bill the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That all the provisions of this act are on
the condition that the said Atlantic and Pac^ic Itaii-
road Company shall comply with the provisions of
section eight of the said act of July 27, 1863.
Mr. NYE. I simply wish to say that the
honorable Senator from California and myself
agreed to a modification of that proviso, so as
to provide that the entire work shall be com-
pleted in the year 1878. That was the arrange-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator send the amendment which he desires
to the desk ?
Mr. N YE. The Clerk can change the amend-
ment so as to provide that the final work shall
be completed in 1878.
Mr. STEWART. " Provided that the work
shall be completed in the year 1878, as pro-
vided in the original act.'' Let that be inserted
in the place of the other proviso,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read at the desk.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, as mod-
ified, is to add the following proviso:
Provided, That the entire work of constructing
said road shall be completed in the year 1878.
Mr. N YE. That is the amendment as agreed
upon. °
Mr. THURMAN. Let it be reported again.
The Chief Clerk. The proviso, as modified,
will read :
Provided, That all the provisions of this act are on
condition that the saidAtlantic andPacificRailroad
Company shall comply with the provisions of section
eight of the said act of July 27,1866: And provided
further 
Mr. STEWART. No, no; we do not want
the first proviso.
Mr. NYE. That proviso should be stricken
out and a proviso inserted that the entire road
shall be completed in 1878, as provided by sec-
tion eight of the original act.
The Chief Clerk. As modified the amend-
ment now reads:
Provided, That theentire work of oonstructingsaid
road shall be completed in 1878, as provided in the
said act of July 27,1866.
Mr. NYE. That is it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is ou the amendment to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Nevada, by au-
thority of the Senator from California.
Mr. THURMAN. I want to understand
this. The Senator from California, as I under-
stood, offered the amendment that was first
read. Does the Senator from Nevada move
to amend that amendment?
Mr. NYE. I move to amend it in precisely
the way the honorable Senator from Califor-
nia and I agreed upon. He said all he wanted
was to insure the completion of the road by
1878.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I have not a word
to say, if the Senator from California is satisfied.
The PRESIDENT^jro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I was requested by the
Senator from California to move two additional
sections to this bill, which are precisely the
same sections that were adopted in the Texas
PaciGc railroad bill. I will send them to the
Clerk to be read, and he will please read "At-
lantic and Pacific," instead of "Texas Pacific."
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, pro-
posing the following additional sections;
Sue.—.And be it further enacted. That it shall not
bo lawful for any of the incorporaiors, directors, or
stockholders, either in their individual capacity or
as members of an incorporated or joint stock com-
pany, to make any contracts or agreements with said
Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company lor llie con-
struction, equipment, or running of it3 road, or to
have any interest therein; and all such contracts or
agreements are hereby declared null and void, and
all moneys or property received under such contracts
or agreements may bo recovered back for the benefit
of the company by any stockholder.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That any railroad
company shall have the right to connect with tho
railroad of the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany or that of any other railroad company receiv-
ing aid under this act, on the sauie terms granted
to any other company ; and any railroad company
whose route lies across the route of any railroad com-
pany receiving a grant of land under this act may
cross the same; and for the purpose of crossing, shall
have the right to acquire, at the double minimum
price, all lands that maybe needed lor such crossing,
whether ot tho United States or granted by this act,
which shall be needed for a. right of way two hundred
feet wide, through said lands, and foi depots, stations,
side-tracks, and other needful purposes, not exceed-
ing, for such purposes, forty acres at any one sta-
tion.
Mr. THURMAN. These are precisely the
same sections which, on the motion of the Sen-
