1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1371
offenses where the parties belonged to the
Mormon church. It also provides that in case
the marriages, as they are termed in the Ter-
ritory, according to the Mormon faith, should
be deemed null and void, and the parties living
or cohabiting together, having other wives or
husbands, should be deemed guilty of adultery,
that then there could be no means of prose-
cuting the parties for the commission of the
offense except in the mode prescribed in this
statute, being upon the testimony of the hus-
band or wife, which would be another barrier
to a successful prosecution.
The sixteenth section simply provides the
necessary means of securing the prisoners
arrested, to which of course there can be no
objection.
The seventeenth section provides that if the
United States marshal or his deputies shall be
resisted or threatened with resistance in the
performance of his duty, he shall apply to the
military commander of the United States forces,
if there are any in reach, to aid him in the per-
formance of his duty, whatever it may be, and
it shall be the duty of the military to render
such assistance as may be necessary in the
premises. The only difference between the
authority given by this section and that which
sheriffs and marshals everywhere throughout
the country possess, i3 simply that these offi-
cers shall apply to the military force, if such
be there, instead of relying upon a posse, as in
the other case of citizens. And the reason for
this must be apparent to every one, for, as the
Mormons compose the vast majority of the
population of Utah, under the control and
guidance of their church, and not in sympathy
with Federal officers or Federal courts, in case
of any attempt on the part of the marshal or
his deputies to arrest a man upon a writ issued
by the authority of the Government on a charge
of bigamy, polygamy, or concubinage, the mass
of the people would be against the Govern-
ment and its officers, and in favor of the indi-
vidual, and they could not be relied upon if
summoned as a posse by the marshal in order
to enforce the authority of the Government.
Therefore there is no resource but to rely upon
the military.
The eighteenth section simply provides that
the Governor shall have power to prevent abuse
of prisoners in the jail or penitentiary of the
Territory, which is a humane and necessary
provision.
The nineteenth section I regard as a very
important feature in this bill. It provides that
no alien living in or practicing polygamy or
concubinage shall be admitted to citizenship
of the United States, nor shall any person living
in or practicing bigamy, polygamy, or concu-
binage, hold any office of trust or profit in the
Territory, vote at any election, or be entitled
to the benefits of the homestead or preemption
laws of the United States. As I have before
remarked, it is a well-known fact that the power
of that people rests in the leading men of the
Mormon organization ; that they live under the
control of a theocratic despotism, of which
Brigham Young is the chief officer. It is
necessary that this power shall be absolutely
destroyed and broken up, or else it is useless
to attempt to regulate and reform the present
condition of things. Hence by enacting a law
which will deprive open violators of the statute
of the United States from participation in the
privileges and benefits extended to law-abiding
citizens, it will have the effect of overturning
the present church rule, depriving the Mormon
leaders of their present enormous influence in
all matters of State and political questions, and
still not in any way be an infraction of the
Constitution, which declares that all natural-
ization laws shall be uniform, nor even change
its application as it stands to-day. One of the
provisions of the naturalization laws is, that
the court admitting an alien shall be satisfied
that he has resided within the United States
five years at least, and within said State or
Territory where such court is at the time held
one year at least; and it shall further appear
to their satisfaction that during that time he
has behaved as a man of good moral character,
attached to the principles of the Constitution
of the United States, and well disposed to the
good order and happiness of the same.
These are some of the provisions of the nat-
uralization laws as they now stand upon our
statute-books. Now, I submit whether any
alien, practicing bigamy or polygamy in open i
defiance of law, which law declares such action !
or conduct to be a criminal offense, should be
allowed to come forward and demand to be
made a naturalized citizen of the United States,
or that this great privilege should be accorded
to him, notwithstanding his open disregard of
law ? I say he has forfeited his right by his own
conduct and cannot be included in the provis-
ions of the naturalization laws. I understand
that some of the judges of the courts in Utah
have so held, and have declined to issue nat-
uralization papers to applicants of this character
unless they could furnish proof that they had
not been violating the laws of the United States
in relation to bigamy and polygamy ; and that
now the probate Mormon courts issue about all
such papers. This provision, then, I regard as
eminently proper and strictly within the pur-
view of the Constitution and the laws on that
subject.
As to the disqualification to hold any office
of trust or profit in the Territory, it seems to
me that there can be no question that these
leading Mormons, living in and openly and
defiantly violating law and practicing crime
in the face of Federal authority, should be ren-
dered ineligible to hold office ; they are crimi-
nals, running at large because the Government
has not had the courage to arrest them, and
are unfit to hold office of honor or trust. This
being shown to be so by the testimony of all
who are acquainted with the condition of things
existing in that Territory, and as we have
already adopted this principle in regard to
certain classes of men lately in rebellion against
the Government, I see no good reason why
these wicked and vile men should be shielded
from the operation of such a law as applied to
them. I maintain that men practicing bigamy
and polygamy in defiance of law, are no better
qualified to hold office than those lately in re-
bellion whom we have deprived of this right
by statute and constitutional amendment.
As to the clause in regard to voting, my opin-
ion is that the time has come when stringent,
positive, and even severe legislation should
be resorted to for the purpose of uprooting
and destroying the iniquity that exists every-
where in that Territory; and this enactment,
by depriving them of the right to vote and hold
office, will take the power out of the hnnds of
these leaders and tend to prevent the election
of men sworn to defend the interests of the
church at all hazards. This is a matter con-
cerning which there should be no hesitation
or timidity; and I contend that these people
shonld neither be entitled to vote, to hold office,
nor to haye their aliens naturalized so long as
they persist in the violation of the lawsagainst
bigamy and polygamy. The same as regards
the right to preempt lands. Some may say
that is too severe a hardship on these people.
Sir, it is not a new thing in the history of our
Government that persons should be prevented
from the right to take possession of the public
domain who are living in violation of its laws.
It is but a short time since we passed a general
law upon this subject as regards the public
lands of the South, wherein, while inviting
law-abiding men to come forward and partake
of the benefits derived under it, we made a
proviso that any person so desiring to preempt
any portion of the public domain should first
swear that he had not taken up nor voluntarily
borne arms against the Government of the
United States, and that he would support the
Constitution. I regard, then, this provision
as in entire harmony with the previous legis-
lation of Congress and think it ought to become
a part of the law. The remainder of this sec-
tion defines the duties of the courts in case
parties shall undertake or claim to discharge
the duties of any office in violation of the law,
and also prescribing the oath necessary to be
taken by a party in case of his election to office
in the Territory.
The twentieth section simply provides that
in case of absence or sickness of any of the
judges, the Executive of the Territory shall
authorize and direct the judges to assist each
other.
The twenty-first section provides that the
Governor shall have the power of appointment
and removal of the probate judges, justices of
the peace, judges of elections, notaries public,
and sheriffs in the Territory ; the object being
to place power in the hands of men who are
in favor of law and morality, as opposed to
those practicing and countenancing the crimes
of bigamy, polygamy, concubinage, adultery,
or any other crime prohibited by the statute-
books of our country.
The twenty-second section provides the right
and manner of appeal from one court to another.
The twenty-third section prescribes the per-
sons by whom the marriage ceremony may bo
performed in the Territory, declares what mar-
riages shall be regarded as incestuous, and
providing a punishment for the violation of the
section.
The twenty-fourth section is in relation to
voting in the Territory. The present territorial
law authorizes the numbering of the tickets
used for voting at the elections, which has
prevented the Gentiles living here and there
throughout the territory from voting as they
would. Being surrounded by the great mass of
the population, consisting of Mormons, they
have regarded it as unsafe to cast their ballots
in opposition to the dictates of the church au-
thorities, as their vote could easily be detected,
and they would henceforth be under the ban
of the people and their leaders.
The twenty-fifth section of the bill provides
for the limitation of the jurisdiction of the
probate courts, limiting it to $500, and in
criminal cases to the exercise of jurisdiction
as committing magistrates, and repeals the
twenty-ninth section of chapter one of the act
of the territorial laws in relation to the judi-
ciary. That section provides that the several
probate courts, in their respective counties,
nave the power to exercise original jurisdic-
tion, both civil and criminal, as well in chan-
cery as in common law, when not prohibited
by legislative enactment; and they shall be
governed in all respects by the same general
rules and regulations as regards practice, as
the district courts. That section of the ter-
ritorial law gives to these probate courts con-
current jurisdiction in all matters with the
territorial district judges, and unlimited juris-
diction in all characters and kinds of business;
and under that section of the law, whenever
any Gentile comes in conflict with a Mormon,
he always gets severely prosecuted in these
probate courts. These probate judges, as I
said before, are Mormon bishops. In matters
between Mormons they act as bishops, they
are treated as bishops, they are called bishops
and known as bishops, and not as judges.
But in matters between Mormons and Gen-
tiles, or between Gentiles exclusively, they are
called probate judges; and in every case
wherein a Mormon and a Gentile are at law
and where the authority of the church is in
question, where its interests are involved in
the case, the decision of these probate judges
is in its favor and never in opposition to the
dictates of the Mormon authorities. There-
fore, that section should be repealed.
This twenty-fifth section also repeals the
second section of the act for the regulation of
attorneys, which reads as follows:
"No person or persons employing counsel in any
of the courts of this Territory shall be compelled
by any process of law to pay the counsel so employed
for any services rendered as counscl before or after
or during the process of trial in the case."
