1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
jile of that amendment in the subsequent sec-
tions of the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move the com-
mittee rise ia order to close the general debate.
Will say that it is my intention to afford rea-
sonable time to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts for the purpose of closing debate on his
amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Ihe committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to order, had
had under consideration the Union generally,
??., Particularly the special order, being House
bill No. 424, to provide for taking the ninth
census of the United States, and to fix the num-
ber of members of the House of Representa-
tives and to provide for their future apportion-
ment among the several States, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and pending that motion, I move
that all general debate on the census bill in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union shall terminate in fifteen minutes after
its consideration shall have been resumed.
Both motions were agreed to.
The House then resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of House bill No. 424, to provide
for taking the ninth census of the United States,
and to fix the number of the members of the
Hopse of Representatives and to provide for
their future apportionment among the several
States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The pending
amendment by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts has been very fully debated, and as lhave
nothing further to offer, I will yield tho re-
mainder of my time to tho gentleman for tho
purpose of closing the discussion on his propo-
sition.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I would not desire to occupy tho attention
of the committee any more upon this question
wore I quite sure that the whole matter lias
been understood. The details of my amend-
ment have been attacked and not its princi-
ples. I am not prepared to say how far I
should want to modify the internal revenue
system in order to give elTect to the amend-
ment I have offered. But I propose that
instead of the district superintendents we em-
ploy the assessors; and then I propose that
we go further, and that in the enumeration
districts the assistant assessors or other enu-
merators shall be employed as to tho judg-
ment of the House may seem best.
But observe, Mr. Chairman, I am not on this
committee ; I have not spent days and weeks
and months in getting up the details as to how
the system will work; and I think, therefore,
it is an argument calculated only to create a
prejudice to attack the details. What I claim
in the first place by the plan I submit is greater
efficiency by using a machinery known to tho
law and already in existence than can be got
from any other new machinery whieli can be
established ; secondly, I claim greater expe-
dition, because the machinery is already in
working order ; thirdly, I claim greater accu-
racy, because the officers of the Internal Rev-
enue Bureau know more about the statistics of
the country than any new set of men can do; j
and lastly, I claim as the result of my pro- I
posal that greater economy will be secured. J
Now, one word on this question of economy, j
I believe this consideration of economy has j
been entirely.overlooked. The gentleman from j
Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] who is a member of the i
Committee on the Census, has told us that it j
wasnot till this morning thatlie got the account j
of cost of the last census, and if he only found !
it out this morning it could not have been dis- ]
cussed in the committee. The question of eoon- I
omy, therefore, seems to have been wholly
overlooked.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The question
was very fully discussed in the committee from
the economical point of view, and all the de-
tails gone into.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] must
have been absent from the committee when
that was done. What I desire is that we shall
not get a new horde of officers.
My proposition is also attacked by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,] who in-
forms us that the census made in New York
by the Republican party in 1865 was entirely a
fraud and made with a fraudulent purpose, and
therefore he proposes that we shall not make
any at all; at least that would seem to be
the corollary. Well, there maybe an idio-
syncracy in New York that nothing can be
done there that is not a fraud in some way or
form, but elsewhere I trust we can have an
honest census. I agree fully that there is great
danger that we cannot find out anything in New
Yoris: abouteleetions, census, gold speculations,
and schemes of every sort. It seems to be one
living mass of corruption and fraud of which the
gentleman is the representative. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to know whether the gen-
tleman means the State or the city ? [Laughter. ]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The city
always. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Then I have nothing to say.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 thought
so. [Laughter.]
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts a question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
not time to yield, but I will hear a question.
Mr. WOOD. My question is whether his
opinion of New York is gathered from the
amount of litigation he has been subjected to
there himself? [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not at
all. I never have been ablo yet to get a case
to trial in New York. I expect a great deal
of fraud when I do, but I have not yet suc-
ceeded. I only judge it by its representatives.
[Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Chairman, I want to go further
upon this subject, and to say a word or two
about tiie statistics that have been called for.
My friends of the Committee on the Census
rightly glorify their work. They say they have
got everything into this hill that by possibility
can bo wanted. Let mc say to tliem that the
greatest interest of all, the one upon which the
safety and prosperity of this country depends,
is one about which they have provided no
inquiry in the schedule. There is not one line
in all this census bill requiring any return of
the labor of tho country. There are to bo
returns of tho the results of labor in manufac-
tories, but of tho laborer himself there is no
more account taken by this census bill than
there usejj to be in the olden time, under tho
old Democratic party, when laborers were
chattels bought and sold for a price in the
market.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man allow mo to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly,
for we are here for discussion.
_Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will find in every schedule, I believe, pertaining
to industry one or more columns relating to the
number of persons employed, the amount of
labor of those persons, &c. He will find it in
regard to agriculture, to trade, to fisheries—in
short, in every industrial schedule in the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
now stop to go over the whole matter, but I
call the gentleman's attention to it.
There is another thing in regard to which I
desire to obtain information. The telegraphic
system of the country is not touched at all,
except the railroad telegraphing. Private
telegraphing is not mentioned at ail.
Another great means of communication or
transportation of almost the greatest import-
ance to-day to the country is the express com-
panies and the expressing business of the
country. Now I want to know in regard to
railroad transportation, in regard to the express
business, and in regard to the telegraph busi-
ness of the country, because I look forward to
a time within the next ten years when the coun-
try must grapple with those great interests and
put them together in such a way that we may
take the control of them. Now we want to
know about those great interests. I do not know
that any portion of the information will be in-
terfered with by any fear of the tax-gatherer.
Let me call the attention of the House to the
fact that the honest and patriotic men of this
nation do not fear the tax-gatherer. When he
comes to ask them questions they answer him.
I do not know that we ought to throw away the
whole of our machinery of Government upon
the ground that the fraudulently-disposed peo-
ple of this country may fail to do their duty as
citizens when called upon. As to the men who
will not on their oaths answer truly the ques-
tions that may be put by an officer of the U nited
States, I want them counted out; for one of
the principal objects of having a census is that
we may know on what and on whom we can
depend in the government of this country; and
the Government of the country can never
depend upon such men. Hence they might as
well be eliminated in any governmental calcu-
lation. I am not anxious to find out much
about the rascals, who can only be found out
when they are of no use. I am only anxious
about the men who are at all times ready to
respond to taxation and to respond to the draft.
As for the men whoskulked to Canadatoavoid
their military duty as citizens, I do not care
whether they are enumerated or not. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] said
that the people when they see these officers
coming around may fear that it means another
draft. Men who would have such fears are the
men I want counted out. There is no reliance
to bo placed upon them, and therefore I do
not carc for them to answer, nor should the
assessor.
Now, Mr. Chairman, allow me to put before
the House precisely what I propose. My
proposition is, not that the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue shall be withdrawn from the
duties already assigned to liim, but that the
Superintendent of the Census, a central officer
here at Washington, shall have tho general
superintendence of this work; that he shall
appoint enumerators, (I do not care by what
name you call them ;) but that, so far as pos-
sible, he shall designate as these enumerators
the assistant assessors, who in the country
know now every family within their respective
districts, and in the cities have to a larger
extent than anybody else the information
necessary for the performance of this duty.
We know that under the existing law there can
be appointed as many assessors as may be
necessary. We know, too, that about May in
every year these officers are engaged for about
a monthin connection with the income returns,
but afterwards are substantially at leisure.
And this very bill provides that this work of
taking the census shall commence on the 1st
of June. Hence we can very well make use
of these officers of the internal revenue depart-
ment.
I want to call attention to another and one
of the controlling reasons why this system
should be adopted; and it is this : that you
have no machinery for examination under this
census. You have no means of compelling
the truth; whereas if you put it into the hands
of the internal revenue, allow me again to sug -
gest, you get every possible safeguard. You
can examine every man's books to test the
accuracy of his returns.
My friend from Iowa [Mr. Allison] says
he wants to know all about these corpora-
tions ; that he wants to know what it costs to
bring wheat from Iowa to the sea-board. I
