1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3259
test of discussion and examination. In the
first place, I address mvself to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. "Maynard.] He says
this is a measure to remove officers one long
step l'rom the people. Sir, let me ask, what
chance liave the people now to gain admission
to these minor offices ? Who ever obtains an
appointment except through some political or
personal influence ? W ho of the thousands of
men wishing to serve their country can go up
to the doors of our custom-houses or of the
Departments here, and say, " I am qualified
to perform the duties required here; teat me
and let me try;" who can go up and say that,
and obtain admission there, even by showing
that he possesses the greatest merit? Every
one knows that would be impossible; and this
bill proposes to break the barrier that now
stands in the way of the people; to throw the
doors open, so that the competent may enter
and the faithful be retained. If that is remov-
ing offices further from the people then I cer-
tainly misunderstand the scope of the measure
I have proposed.
The gentleman says it is impossible to carry
this bill into effect on account of the number
of examinations. The gentleman certainly did
not do justice to his own experience when he
made such a remark as that. Does he not
know that the largest school can be examined
in a day? Are not all the colleges in the land
examined in four days?
The gentleman entered into a fanciful cal-
culation to show that thirteen years in one
aspect and seventy-five in another would be
required for these commissioners to perform
their duties. Why, sir, the gentleman over-
looked the fact that the commissioners are to
examine only those who apply hereafter; they
are not to take in band the force now in office.
This disposes not only of this objection, batof
several objections made by those who followed
the gentleman in this debate. This measure
takes effect upon the business of the country
as it is; and as vacancies occur they are to be
filled by those who are found most meritorious.
For the future the Government is to go into
the labor and skill market, saying, "We want
the best we can get for onr money." This is
the meaning of the bill in this aspect.
The gentleman says that it is no flourish
of rhetoric to say that this is the best Govern-
ment the world ever saw. I agree with him. \
The temple erected by Solomon was the most ,
glorious and magnificent upon the earth; yet 1
that did not prevent his degenerate successors ;
from making it a den of thieves. Have we not j
teen our civil service turned to the same vile
uses?
Let me remind the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Peters] who followed the gentleman
from Tennessee that he misstates, if he does
not misunderstand, the duties of these commis-
nouers. They are to have no appointing power,
no control over the Departments ; they are not
by the mere fact of their creation to regulate
admissions or rejections. They are not heads
of Departments, norare they clothed with any
of the powers which the Constitution says Con-
gress may confer on the heads of Departments.
They simply, by their labors, enable the Presi-
dent to see that no rogues, thieves, or incapa-
bles enter the public service, and enable the
heads of Departments to weed out those who
may have gained admission. This is the
The gentleman says this is a task too great
to undertake. He asks," Who can reform New
York?" Certainly if the Government of the
United States cannot reform its part of New
York, its public offices in that city, it had better
abdicate its duties. Because the task is great
Mould we refuse to undertake it? If so, let us
abandon our places. I admit the task is great.
«e have to contend with one of the greatest
sources of corruption that exists in this coun-
hy. But because the task is great the greater
n our doty to perform it. While we are losing,
as we know we do, millions every month by the
misconduct and inefficiency of our public offi-
cers in that place, shall we say thai to reform
those offices is a task too great to be under-
taken ? The Government may as well abdicate
which adniiis that its corruptions are too form-
idable to be extirpated. Sooner or later it
must yield to them and be overthrown.
The gentleman says it would not do to apply
this to the offices as they now are. I do not
propose to do that; but looking around in these
Departments I find a good many reasons why
the gentleman from Maine should be opposed
to the bill, as also gentlemen from New Hamp-
shire. I find that in the Treasury building
there are as many employes from the States of
Maiue and New Hampshire as there are from
eighteen other States. I am prepared to give
the list. There are one hundred and sixty-nine
officers from these two States with eight Rep-
resentatives, and but one hundred and sixty-
seven from eighteen States with eighty-two
Representatives. Here is a vast preponder-
ance of reasons in favor of these gentlemen
keeping things as they are.
Mr. PETERS. In reply to this personal
allusion, the gentleman will allow mo to say
that I have in the Treasury Department but
one appointee. All the appointments charged
to my district were made by my predecessor.
I never want to make another appointment,
and I hope I shall never have an opportunity.
Mr. JENCKES. I was about to refer to the
gentleman's statement that he did not wish to
have any patronage.
Mr. ELA. As the gentleman has referred
to New Hampshire, I wish to say that only one
appointment has been made by me during the
three years of my service as a member.
Mr. J ENCKES. If these gentlemen do not
control these appointments it may be a question
whether the appointees do not control them.
But I was somewhat surprised that the gen-
tleman from Maine, in his imaginary descrip-
tion of how t.he President would carry out the
provisions of the bill, should cast a fling at the
Chief Magistrate of the nation, at the bead of
our party, when nearly a year ago he was so
urgent on this floor to increase the salary of
the President-elect, and early in this Congress
was so busy to obtain the repeal of the act
which prevented the chief importer of the
country from becoming Secretary of the Treas-
ury. A change has come over gentlemen since
that time. Has this question of patronage any-
thing to do with it?
Mr. PETERS. Allow me, in a matter per-
sonal to myself, to say that -I never used any
influence to have Mr. Stewart retained as Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Mr. JENCKES. I state only a fact which
was within my personal knowledge. I make
no imputations and draw no inferences.
In replying to the remarks of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] I shall not waste
time npon what he has said about the cost of
this commission. The few thousand dollars
which he figured np as its total expense will be
more than covered by the fees from candidates,
and if the equally fanciful estimates of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee are to be adopted, the
excess of receipts over expenses would be some
hundreds of thousands of dollars. But both
calculations are unreliable and fallacious.
The gentleman falls into the same error as
extent of their power and authority, nothing the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters,] when
"•ore. he says that these commissioners exercise or
control the appointing power. They merely
find fit persons for the appointing power to
be exercised upon. But whatever the power
proposed to be conferred upon them may be,
the gentleman says that it cannot be per-
formed under the Constitution. "It conflicts,"
he says, "with the spirit, if not the letter,
of the Constitution of the United States."
If there was the ghost of a constitutional
question lurking anywhere within this bill it
would be discovered by the gentleman from
Ohio. But when we march squarely up to it
we find it to be the merest shadow. It is no
more than this: that because the Constitution
authorizes Congress to confer the appointing
power upon heads of Departments as to such
inferior offices as may be established by law,
that theretore Congress has no right to declare
what the qualifications for such offices shall
be, or to describe the class of persons from
whom they shall be filled; in other words, that
although the offices must be established by act
of Congress, and their duties defined by such
act, yet because the same act confers the ap-
pointing power upon some Secretary, the ques-
tion of qualifications for those duties ennnot be
considered by Congress; that this clause in the
Constitution amounts to a prohibition upon
Congress against defining the qualifications,
while it may define the duties of the minor
officers whose appointment it may authorize.
The statement of the proposition is its own
refutation. The innato absurdity of it provokes
ridicule rather thau argument. "The con-
temporaneous and continuous construction
from the day of its adoption to this hour,"
says the gentleman, shows the conflict of this
bill with "the spirit of the Constitution."
Have Congress, then, been wrong when they
have declared that their judicial and legal offi-
cers shall be "meet persons learned in the
law," from the first judiciary act which author-
ized the appointment of the Attorney General
and the district attorneys down to the bill which
has just passed the House reorganizing the law
department? Under what hallucination were
these hasty and ill-considered remarks about
the insufficiency of the constitutional powers of
Congress over offices and the incumbents of
offices which exist only by its volition, uttered
in the heat of this debate? The great ex-
pounder of the Constitution in this House,
who delights to tell ns that to himself in great
part the authorship of the fourteenth and fif-
teenth amendments is due, must give more
thought to the propositions of constitutional
law he puts forth if he would continne to pre-
serve onr respect. The question of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] ex-
posed the fallacy of the position of the gentle-
man from Ohio.
The clause in the Constitution authorizing
Congress " to make regulations concerning the
land and naval forces" to which the gentle-
man from Ohio referred was made necessary
because t.he President had been made by an-
other clause Commander-in-Chief of these
forces, and would thereby have the exclusive
power of making such regulations, if it had not
been expressly reserved and conferred upon
Congress. It was a means of subordinating
the military to the civil power. But no such
clause was needed with regard to civil officers,
which are but the creatures of the laws of Con-
gress, and who are at all times within its
control.
I pass now to the singular speech of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Pain's.] He has
printed more than bespoke; but in all that he
has printed there is but a single approach to
an idea, and that is that the responsibility for
the character and conduct of subordinates rests
upon the heads of Departments, and that we
must hold them responsible. To be sure he is
responsible, and we must hold him so. Your
Secretary of the Treasury must be responsible
for a collector in New York; but what can he
personally know of every collector's qualifica-
tions and capacity? It is all beautiful in theory,
this idea of responsibility in the chiefs, but
those who have reflected upon the subject have
discovered its fallacy. Have we not tested it
sufficiently to ascertain its utter worthlessness?
Was it not done in the attempted impeachment
of Andrew Johnson?
The machinery by which this ideal responsi-
bility is to be enforced is too cumbrous and un-
wieldy to be put in motion in time to be of any
effect. What prevented Andrew Johnson from
sending one of his pets down to New Orleans
as collector for a period sufficiently long to
