1372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
That section of the law, hs you will observe,
entirely cuts off all power on the part of any
Oentile attorney in that Territory to compel
the payment for any services which he may
render under any circumstances whatever. This
twenty-fifth section also provides for the repeal
of the act containing provisions applicable to
the laws of the Territory of Utah. The first
section of that act declares that—
"No laws nor parts of laws shall be read, argued,
cited, or debated in any court during any trial,
except those enacted by the government and Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory, and those passed
by the Congress of the United States, when applica-
ble; and no report, decision, or doings of any court
shall be read, argued, cited, or debated as precedent |
in any other trial." j
This prevents a reference, by any attorney |
ir. the trial of a case, to any law or decision
rendered in other States or other courts, and
thereby sets aside the precedents which might
be shown to aifeet the case or cases on trial.
This law I consider as being in conflict with
the spirit of that provision ot the Constitution
which provides that—
"Pall faith and credit shall be given in each State
to the public acts, records, and judicial proceedings
of crcry other Stats, and that Congress may, by
general laws, prescribe the minner in which such
acts, rooords, and proceedings shall be provod and
the effect thereof"
The twenty-sixth section simply provides
tliat where the marshal or his deputy is a party
to any suit, or in any way interested therein,
tlie court shaH appoint some one in his stead
to act as marshal.
The twenty-seventh section gives to the dis-
trict courts of the Territory exclusive jurisdic-
tion ia suits for divorces or alimony. The
olgect of this section is to put an end to the
wholesale system of divorcing tfhich now pre-
vails in that Territory under the territorial law,
aad to give to parties having just cause to make
application for divorce the right to bring their
cases before such court as will insure a fair
hearing and disposition of the ease.
The twenty -eighth section of the bill provides
that all laws or parts of laws of the Territory
which in any way interfere with the primary
disposition of the soil or its possession shall be
annulled and disapproved. The object of this
section is to annul and repeal a large number
of territorial acts which have been passed in
the interest of these leaders of the Mormon
Church of letter-Day Saints, by which they
are to-day exercising controlover almost every
portion of that Territory which is of value, and
tVom which they are amassing immense for#
tones at the e* pease of the masses of the peo-
ple; so that it is impossible to-day for a man
desiring to locate in that Territory to obtain
possession, under the preemption laws or other-
wise, should he be a Gentile, of any desirable
portion of that Territory, the desirable portions
having already been-taken by these men high in
authority in the Mormon church. The Legisla-
ture of the Territory being a Mormon Legisla-
ture, composed of men occupying prominent
positions in the Mormon church, has passed
laws at different times giving to one man one
special privilege, to another ifaan another; to
another that tract of timber ; to another that
valuable land; and tnost of these fovofed indi-
viduals being members of the Legislature ac
the time, and all of them being members of the
Mormon charch, until they have finally got
complete control of all the desirable' portion*
of the Territory. We propose by this section
to annal those laws and place that vast extent
of territory upon such a footing that induce-
ments will be offered to emigrants to go there
and settle and develop the country, and be
entitled to all the privileges that can be had in
other States and Territories of the Union under
the law.
The twenty-ninth section relates to the ex-
ercise of the elective franchise, and provides
a punishment for illegal voting.
The thirtieth .section is very lengthy, but
cannot well be condensed and at the same
time provide for the contingencies which may
arise in securing the object desired. It provides
a mode of procedure by the courts of the Ter-
ritory in seizing and condemning property
belonging to men guilty of high crimes against
the lawsof the United States, who may becon-
victed of such crimes, or who may leave the
Territory for the purpose of escaping the pun-
ishment which would otherwise be inflicted
upon them. It provides that in such cases,
where the party so escaping leaves a wife, or
a number of wives, residing in the Territory,
or a numberof children, the courts shall cause
proceedings to enable the authorities of the
Territory to take possession of the personal
and other property of such parties, condemn
and sell it for the use and benefit of the depend-
ent wives and children left by such party,
whether he shall have been convicted and sent
to the penitentiary or have left the 'lerritory
to escape such sentence.
While I shall not to-day, in the course of
my remarks, attempt to go into a detailed and
minutedefense of the provisions of this section
of the bill, yet I believe that some such pro-
vision should be adopted by Congress, so that
these parties who nave been amassing for-
tunes,as some of them have, and, in defiance of
the law, practicing bigamy or polygamy, may
be compelled to make provision for the wives
and children thus deserted, if such should be
the case, and not leave them to the support of
charity. If this section does not meet the views
of the House on this point in every respect,
it may be amended; out I believe that some
such provision of law should be incorporated in
any bill which Congress may adopt. I may say
here, that one of the objections urged against
this legislation by the press and in other ways,
and an objection which doubtless many honest-
minded people may have thought valid as
against the passage of such a bill as this, is
that it will too suddenly break down the sys-
tem of polygamy and leave the women and
children of the Territory helpless and depend-
ent, aud, perhaps, in a starving condition. If
such a provision as this thirtieth section is
incorporated in the bill, it will avert, to a very
great extent at least, the evil which is feared
from this cause in case this system of polygamy
is destroyed.
But, sir, I do not believe that any such result
will be likely to follow the passage of this bill
and the destruction of the institution of polyg-
amy. The testimony before the committee,
and which has been presented to the House,
shows that the women of that Territory, in
many instances, support not only themselves,
but their children and their husbands. I could
cite many cases, shown in the testimony, where
prominent Mormons have been supported by
their numerous wives, made rich by their labors,
and instead of being dependent upon their hus-
bands for their own and their children's sup-
port, the husbands are dependent upon thfe
women; so that it may be questioned whether
any such section as this is necessary; but should
it be deemed so by the House, it should be
letained in the bill. .
The thirty-first section of the bill provides
another means of preventing the condition -of
starvation and dependency which some antici-
pate may follow the paraage of this bill and the
destruction of polygamy. It provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury shall have the power
to afford temporary relief to destitute persons
in the Territory, and the sum of $100,000 to be
hereafter-appropriated maybe used by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for that purpose. This
provision was placed in the bill, not so much
from the conviction of the committee that such
a provision was absolutely necessary as for the
purpose of showing to these people and to show
to the world that there is no disposition to per-
secute nor to adopt a barbarous or inhuman
policy towards them. This section, therefore,
provides the necessary means to prevent such
destitution and suffering as some fear may
result through the legislation of Congress and
the passage of this bill.
The thirty-second section provides that the
President of the United States, in case it
becomes necessary to enforce the laws of the
United States there by military power, shall
be required to send a portion of the Army of
the United States to that Territory, or it' lie
has not a sufficient force to spare for that pur-
pose, that he shall have the power to call for
more troops to the extent ot forty thousand
men, if necessary. As regards that section,
Mr. Speaker, I confess that I have not the
slightest idea that a single soldier will be re-
quired other than a few companies, which
should be stationed in that Territory to enforce
the laws. All that is necessary, in my judgment,
is to give the courts of the Territory power to
enforce convictions for violations of law, and
to break down the political power now wielded
by the leaders of the Mormon church, and show
thereby that the Government of the United
States means business, and intends to use all
the necessary means to crush out their iniquity
and compel obedience to law. A persistent,
straightforward determination to do this is all
that is necessary; and if this cours.e is pur-
sued these people will submit to the law as the
people of other portions of the country do and
are required to do. I repeat, I do not believe
any special military force will ever be neces-
sary in order to enforce obedience to the law
in that Territory; but should it become neces-
sary to use force, it will not require a large
number of troops for this purpose in any event.
The testimony before the committee and the
House shows that the military strength of that
people cannot possibly be magnified to a greater
uumber than eight thousand men. Sir, J am
constantly in receipt of letters telling me that
the passage of this bill will result in another
great war. Why, sir, can it be that the Amer-
ican people, fresh from triumph over a great
rebellion, have any reason to fear the result
of attempting to enforce the provisions of a
bill like this upon such a small body of people
occupying a limited Territory such as this?
No; it cannot be magnified into the propor-
tions of a great war, whatever might be the
action of the Government toward them, or the
disposition of the people toward the Govern-
ment on account of our action. It can be but
a small affair in any event, but whether it be
great orsmall, are we to be deterred by any such
considerations from enforcing a law enacted
by the people, which has been so long violated
and set at naught by a people who use as a
pretense for their crimes the garb of religion ?
I For one, I am either for the repeal of the
i ! statute of 1862, making bigamy or polygamy a
criminal offense, or I am for such legislation
and such action on our part as will compel
, obedience to that law by the Mormon authori-
ties and people.
The thirty-third section simply provides a
punishment for swearing falsely in reference to
any matter or statement that may be required
by the provisions of this bill.
The thirty-fourth and last section provides
for the repeal of all former acts of the United
States or of the territorial Legislature relating
to the government of the Territory of Utah,
I have thus, Mr. Speaker, explained and
commented upon each of the sections ot this
bill as best I could, and given the reasons that
have influenced the committee in its prepara-
tion. And now the question is, shall the bill,
with such amendments as the House may deem
proper, be passed by the House of liepresent-
ii atives? Are we to have any legislation that
i; will effectually crush out this bold and defiant
; iniquity, or are we to go on as we have been
i for over thirty yearB, allowing the practice of
! bigamy and polygamy to flourish in violation
; I of human and divine laws, cloaked by the title
I of "Latter-day Saints" and a pretended sys-
; tem of religion? Shall we continue to temporize
any longer with it, and allow its defenders and
abettors to go unpunished? It it is the judg-
j: ment of this House that such should be the
il policy of this Government in the matter, then
