2316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
allow me, I will read to hitn the language of
Chief Justice Parker on this precise question.
The Senator will also bear in mind that when
this matter was before the Convention aud the
Constitution was being discussed, the word
"resident" was stricken out and the word "in-
habitant" inserted, because it wns a broader
term. Chief Justice I'arker says:
"Tho term inhabitant, as used in oar laws and in
this statute, moans something moro than a person
having a, domicile. It imports citizenship and muni-
cipal relations, whereas a man may havo a domicile
in a country to which ho is alien, and where ho has
do political relations. As if an American citizen
should go to Loudon or Paris with an intention to
ieuiain there in business for therestof his life; or
3i" on Knfliishmunor French .subject should eorao horo
with the same intention; thoy would respectively
acquire a domieilo in tho country in which thoy
should so live, but would havono political rolation
except that of local alleeianeo to such country. An
inhabitant, by our Constitution and laws, is one
who, being a citiicn, dwells or has his homo in some
particular town whero ho has municipal riffhta and
duties, aud is subject to particular burdons," Arc.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. He is interpret-
ing the constitution of Massachusetts.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow
nisi——-
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine yield to the Senator from
Pennsylvania?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I liavo a strong
suspicion that my friend from Pennsylvania
rises with a view to submit a motion to adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. Something of that kind.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, 1 will yield as
soon as 1 read this authority for the benefit of
my honorable l'ricud from Ohio :
" A man ennuot, bo without a domicile. At his
birth he acquires that of his parents ami this ho
retains until ho gams another by his choice or by
operation of law."
I will now yield to the Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Delaware [Mr. Bayaru] is now recognized.
Does he yield to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware yielded the floor to allow this collo-
quy to take place. lie now resumes it, but
yields it to the Senator from Pennsylvania, as
the Chair understands.
Mr. CAMERON. I yield to my friend from
Maine.
Mr. HAMLIN. I had hoped that wo might
be able to decide this question to-night, but 1
learn there are one or two gentlemen who de-
sire to speak. The Senator from Delaware
now has the floor, and I speak whereof I know
when I say that he is not physically in a con-
dition to address the Senate to-night as lie
would liko to do ; and hoping that we may
agree now on some hour to-morrow when we
shall vote on this question, with the Senator's
permission 1 propose to submit a motion to
adjourn. Now, can we not agree that we take
this question to-morrow at three o'clock? Is
there any objection to that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Maine asks consent that tho Senate agree to
proceed to vote on this question at throe o'clock
to-morrow. Is there objection ?
Mr. C0NKL1NG. 1 do not think that is a
good way of disposing of the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
New York objects.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. I wish to say that I am
quite ready to vote, and shall be glad to have
the vote taken at the earliest moment; but I
do not think a good mode of reaching that is
to fix a certain hour at which the vote is to be
taken, and then, no matter how desirable or
' convenient it may be to any gentleman, to close
the debate. For example, should the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] who is absent,
and wholiasgiven agood deal of investigation to
this question, be here to-reorrow and not happen
to be able toget the'floor before that hour, be
would be prevented from submitting, however
briefly, any views ho might wish to submit-
Therefore I do not like to liavo it agreed that
a vote shall be taken at a certain hour.
Mr. IIAMLIN. Then let us have an under-
standing that if the Senator from Vermont who
is on the committee should return he shall not
be included in this arrangement. Wo are all
here to speak for ourselves.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to that proposition ?
Mr. C0NKL1NG. I do not think that is
the true way to get at it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York objects.
Mr. HAMLIN. I niovo that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 believe! had the floor.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 have not yielded it yet.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania obtained the floor from the Sen-
ator from Delaware and yielded it to the Sen-
ator from Maine, and the Chair thinks he has
the right, under the usage of the Senate, to
resume the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. I am afraid we shall not
be able to come to any understanding as to
when the vote shall be taken on this question,
although I think it is very desirable. There-
fore I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; aud the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 3J, 1870.
The House metattwelveo'cloek m. Prayer
by tho Chaplain, Rev. G. Buti.eu.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Mr. ARNELL. I call for the regular order
of business.
FKEBDJIJBN'S BUllEAU.
The House resumed, as the regular order of
business, the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. I486) amendatory of an act establishing
the Office of Education, discontinuing tho
Freodmen's Bureau, and for other purposes,
reported yesterday by the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor.
The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Abnell] is entitled to tho floor.
Mr. McNEELY. My recollection is that
the gentleman from Tennessee demanded the
previous question, and the House refused to
sustain it and he had yielded to me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee withdrew tho demand for the previous
question, and was occupying the floor when
tho morning hour expired. That is the recol-
lection of the Chair, which the gentleman will
find fortified by a reference to the Globe. The
gentleman from Tennessee will indicate what
he desires.
Mr. ARNELL. Before demanding the pre-
vious question I desire to yield what remains
of my time to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
McNeely.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has nothing
remaining. If he rises for the purpose of clos-
ing the debate he has one hour, and can yield
such portion of it as ho pleases.
Mr. ARNELL. Then I rise to close debate,
and yield twenty minutes to the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. McNEELY. I desire to have an hour
for the discussion of this bill. I would inquire
whether, after the previous question shall be
sustained, there will be another hour for de-
bate ?
The SPEAKER. There will not. The
hour which now commences will be the ouly
hour for debate.
Mr. PAINE. Has the morning hour com-
menced ?
The SPEAKER. It commences at fifteen
minutes past twelve, and the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. McNeely] is recognized for
twenty minutes.
Mr. McNEELY. Mr. Speaker, if the House
could have time to discuss the bill and to exam-
ine its provisions I would have no fear of its
passage. The bill itself is wrong in toto, and
even to carry out the scheme which the majority
of the committee propose,it ought to be amend-
ed. The bill, by its title pretends to discontinue
the Freedmen's Bureau, but it does not. On
the contrary, it continaes it under a new name,
under different officials charged with duties
more expensive, clothed with authority more
unconstitutional, and without even the guards
thrown around it that have with so little suc-
cess opposed tho abuses heretofore practiced
by that bureau. The first section of the bill
lifts the present Office of Education to the
position of a bureau. The second section turns
over to tho proposed bureau all the money
now in tho hands of the Freedmen's Bureau,
amounting to about six hundred and four thou-
sand dollars, " to be expended for the educa-
tion of f'reedmen and refugees." The third
section not only gives to the Commissioner of
Education all the powers heretofore exercised
by tho educational division of tho Freedmen's
Bureau, but extends its powers <?f cooperation
to State and municipal authorities. The fifth
and sixth sections transfer the business of col-
lecting and paying bounties, &c., "duecolored
soldiers, sailors, and marines and their heirs,"
and tho care and management of all hospitals
and asylums now under the charge of the Freed-
men's Bureau, to some officer of the Army to
be designated by the Secretary of War. Thus
tho. Commissioner of Education and an officer
to be designated by the Secretary of War are
to discharge tlio duties now performed by the
Commissioner of tho Freedmen's Bureau
alone ; so that under this bill there will be two
bureaus or officers with their clerks and agents
whero there is but one under the present law,
necessarily involving double the present ex-
pense.
For this bill I desire to offer a substitute.
This substitute which I propose will, if passed,
abolish tho Freedmen's Bureau, will leave tho
subject of education to the States and then-
people, where it properly belongs; will turn
over to the Treasury of the United States all
funds now in tho hands of the Freedmen's
Bureau; will leave the bounties, &c., " due to
colored soldiers, sailors, and marines and their
heirs," to be paid out by the same officers now
charged with the payment of such funds to
white persons, and will place the remaining
hospital of tho bureau under the supervision
of tho War Department until otherwise pro-
vided for by law. It seems that none of the
school-houses and other property paid for by
the Freedmen's Bureau belong to the United
States. The tiLle to the school-houses and col-
leges built and those partly built by the Freed-
men's Bureau is vested in certain corporations,
churches, societies, and private individuals, for
whose benefit they were erected. Tile bureau
when it advanced the money used for those
purposes took from such persons, corpora-
tions, or societies bonds by which they pre-
tended to obligate themselves to keep such
buildings for school purposes forever.
The title of the General Governmentto such
school-houses and its control over them is, in
my judgment, of no practical value, and the
remedy of the United States, incase of a breach
of the conditions of such bonds, would not be
worth pursuing by tho General Government in
tho Federal courts; but to get rid of that part
of the Freedmen's Bureau I propose to trans-
fer all title to and control over such school-
houses and all remedy on such bonds which the
United States may have to the States, respect-
ively, in which such school-houses maybe sit-
uated, to be disposed ofcjust as they see fit.
By the fifth section of this proposed substitute
the Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau
would be allowed one month in which to fulfill
all legal existing contracts and to settle his
