1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
3261
years been wrilingand speaking upon thisi sub-
ject: and what we have said has not fallen
unheeded. The nation has been set to think-
in; upon this question. The seeds of thought
have fallen upon good soil. The relations of
,he public servants to the Government and their
duties and responsibilities are better known and
considered. There are few among the workers
in this nation who are not watching to note
what action this Congress may take upon this
subject. But whatever may be the sentiments
of members here, if their action be adverse to
this great reform, I appeal from the Represent-
atives of the people against that action to the
American people themselves. I believe that I
know that they are always desirous of having
Ikithful and efficient public servants, and that
they are not slow to bestow upon thera honors
and rewards. I believe that they wish to see in
every Department of the public service men
who'are faithful, diligent, and honest. I do not
think this isn matter to be brushed away lightly.
Wherever there has been an opportunity to
speak the people have spoken one unanimous
voice—through the press, which reflects the
popular mind. W herever and however expres-
sion has been given to the popular thought, or
where thought has been given to this subject,
there has been commendation of a measure of
this kind. I care nothing about details. Wipe
them all away if you choose. But while the
magnitude of the evil is admitted, and while a
remedy is believed to be possible, give us some
measure which will be a stand-point from
which the enemy can be attacked and destroyed.
I do not think that any Department of this
Government can long afford to have charges
of what I may call cauetship scandal brought
against it year after year; and the exercise of
the present mode of appointments is simply
the exercise of cadetslup appointments upon
a large scale. It is a source of corruption in
every way. There is nothing honest, faithful,
or manly about it. I hope to live to hear its
death-knell sounded. If I hare a minute left
I yield it to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
SCHEVCK^
Mr. STCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I only want
this minute from my friend from Rhode Island
for the purpose of putting myself upon record
in connection with this bill of his. I have
watched the great ability and patient labor
with which he has so long prosecuted his pur-
pose of bringing about a reform in relation to
the civil administration of the Government;
and I desire, for one, to thank him for that
labor. If the bill should be recommitted he
will take it back for consideration of the vari-
ous suggestions that have been made in refer-
ence to its details ; but before it is thns recom-
mitted, having no time to present any argu-
ment, as oeeasion to do may hereafter arise
upon the general subject embraced in his prop-
osition, 1 wish to say, for one, that he can
hardly put the bill in any shape whatever, so
that he preserves the principle of it, in which 1
will not give it my hearty support as the initia-
tion of a salutary and much-needed reform.
Mr. JENCKES. I now move that the bill
and such amendments as may be pending or
offered be recommitted to the committee and
printed.
Mr. ARlflSLL. I desire to offerthe amend-
ment which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Amend in section twelve by striking out all after,
tie word "act," m the third line, down to the word*
.wd," in the tenth line, as follows: "And the beads
of the several Departments may. in their discretion,
designate the offices ill the several branches of the
®iTil service tho duties of which may be performed
«y females as well as male*, and for all such offices
lemales as well as males shall be eligible, and," and'
insertintr in lieu thereof the words "without distinc-
tion of sei."
„ Ib the thirteenth line strike out all after the word
aforesaid" to the end of the section, as follows:
And tho names of those recommended by tho ex-
winners «hall be placed upon the lists for appoint*
®ent and promotion in tbe order of their merit and
seniority, and without distinction other than as
"oresaid. from those of male applicants or officers.
M Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I offer the following
amendment:
After the word " grade." in lino elevon of seotion
three, insert the following:
Provided, That in making appointments to sueh
positions a fair and just distribution shall be made
to each State, in proportion to its population, when
there aro applicants of sufficient merit, qualifica-
tions. and ability, even although to make such equal
distribution the general order of absolute prece-
dence on the list shall be waived.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to offer the
following amendment:
Amend section seven by striking out of line seven
the words "found guilty of sueh"  qd inserting in
lieu thereof the words " so charged with."
Strike out in line eight the word "shall" and
insert in lien thereof the word "may."
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to strike out section
four, providing for a fee of five dollars to be
paid by each applicant fbr examination and a
fee of ten dollars for each certificate of recom-
mendation.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I give notice that I will
move to amend this bill by striking out the
proviso of the eighth section.
The proviso was as follows :
Provided, kovoever, That said revocation and can-
cellation shall not take effect if said officer demand
a trial upon charges to be preferred against him in
the manner prescribed in this aot within thirty days
from the time of being served with ootico of such
revocation and cancellation, unless ho shall bo found
guilty upon his trial of the misconduct or inefficiency
alleged against him in sueh charges. The discon-
tinuance of an office shalldischargothe person hold-
ing it from tbe service.
The bill, with the proposed amendments, was
ordered to be printed, and recommitted to the
select Committee on the Reorganization of the
Civil Service of the Government.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion lo reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
paraguayan dlificultibs.
Mr. ORTH. I rise to make a privileged
report. I am instructed by the Committee on
Foreign Affairs to submit a report upou the
investigation in regard to the Paraguayan diffi-
culties, and ask that it be laid on the table, and,
with the accompanying testimony and resolu-
tions, be printed for the use of the House,
The resolutions accompanying the report
were read, as follows:
Retolved, That Rear Admiral S. W. Godon, in *eg-
; footing to aid Mr. Washborn in reaching the Gov-
ernment to which he was accredited, failed to die-
charge his duty as commander of the South Atlantic
squadron.
Retolved, That Mensw. Bliss andMastermitn were
members of the personal eaite of Mr. Washburn , and
were therefore, under tbe law of nations, entitled
to the protection of the officers of the United States.
Retolved^That the forcible arrest and detention
of Messrs. Bliss and Masterman by the Government
of Paraguay was a violation of the law of nations
and a gross insult to the honor and dignity of tho
,, United States.
Re%olved, That we approve the action OLf the Pres-
ident in withdrawing our minister. General Me-
} Mahon, from the Government of Paraguay and in
11 declining to hold further diplomatic intercourse
|j with said Government.
11 Retolved, That it is clearly the duty of oar naval
h offiqers on foreign stations to render all reasonable
'! assistance to the diplomatic officers of the United
I States in tbe discharge of their duties; and that a
refusal or neglect to render sueh assistance when
II required, or any discourtesy by such naval officers
|! toward -such diplomatic officers, should he the
j. subject of inquiry and punishment by the Naval
: Department.
Mr. WOOD. On behalf of the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Swann,] a member of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, I ask con-
sent to submit a series of resolutions as ex-
pressing the views of the minority upon this
subject, and to have the same printed with the
report of the majority. I ask that the resolu-
tions be read.
The resolutions were read, as follows :
Resolved, That the forcible arrest and detention
of Messrs. Bliss and Masterman, while under the pro-
tection of the American flag, was an outrage which
demanded prompt reparation.
Retolved, That the submitting to the insults of
President Lopez, in his refusal to grant passports to
Messrs. Bliss and Masterman, and the separating
himself from them in the streets of Asuncion, and
leaving them in the hands and at the mercy of the
Paraguayan authorities, was a serious oompromiso
of tho American flatr, and could not be justified upon
any consideration of personal safety; and that Min-
ister Washburn, in justice to his position and the
honor of liis nag, ought not to have accepted his pass-
port until permitted to withdraw with every member
of his legation.
lfetolveti, That in the hostile or unfriendly atti-
tude nssunied by Minister Washburn toward Lopea
and the Paraguayan Government in his relations
and intercourse with tho president of that republic,
and in associating Bliss and Masterman with his
legation, (one a British subject suspected by Lopez
of a conspiracy with his enemies and the enemies of
his country—both adventurers and of doubtful rep-
utation.) Minister \Vashburn committed a gravo net
of imprudonco. which resulted in most, if not all of
the complications attending his residence in Para-
guay.
Retolved, That Admirals Godon and Davis, in com-
mand of the Se«jth Atlantic squadron, have com-
mitted no act to subject them to the censures of this
Government or the intervention of a court-martial,
said officers having to the best of their judgment and
understanding complied with the instructions of tbe
Navy Department,and received its approval.
lietolvd. That no legislation is required on the
part of Congress growing out of the facts stated in
this record and the correspondence sow on file in
tho State and Navy Departments.
Retolved, That this committee be discharged from
tho further consideration of the lubjeot.
Mr. ORTH. I modify my motion so as to
print the resolutions of the minority with the
report of the majority, and also the testimony
and documents. I give notice to the House
that I shall call up the question for action at
as early a day as possible.
Mr. WILLARD. In connection with this
report I desire to say that while I do not dissent
from some of the resolutions proposed by the
majority, nor from some of those proposed by
the minority, yet in my judgment the testimony
and papers before the committee presented
nothing calling for any action by tbe House.
When the question comes up I shall endeavor
to support my views by some remarks.
The motion of Mr. Orth, as modified, was
agreed to; and the majority and minority
reports, together with the testimony and docu-
ments, were laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
mks8ags prom tub bbnatk.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that tne Senate had
concurred in the amendment of the House to
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 77) authorizing
the" distribution of the copies remaining in the
Department of. State of the Tributes of the
Nations to Abraham Lincoln.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a bill and joint resolution of the fol-
lowing titles^ with amendments, ia which the
concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 386) to amend, an act
entitled " An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved March 2, 1867 ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 173) to enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to collect wrecked
and abandoned property, derelict claims, and
dues belonging to the United States.
The message further announced that the
SeBate had passed, without amendment, bill
and joint resolutions of the following titles :
An act (H. R. No. 13S6) granting a pension
to Anna B. Snider ;
Joint resolution (H. R. Nq. 163) for pay of
one year's service to the executors of General
J oho A Rawlins for thebenefit of his family ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 269) to amend
the act of April 2Q, 1870; and
Joint resolution (H. R, No* 273) donating
condemned cannon to the McPlierson Monu-
ment Association.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested :
An act (S. No. 112) to aid in the construc-
tion of the Oregon Branch Pacific railroad ;
An act (S. No. 459) to authorize the settle-
ment of the accounts of officers of the Army
and Nary;
