L870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And we never did such
a thing as this.
Mr. HAIILAN. The only objoct of bring-
ing a treaty to the Senate for its concurrence
is to see whether the Senate will agree to the
matter contained in the treaty. The Senate
is never consulted in relation to the mode of
getting signatures to a treaty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is all very true;
but the matter here is to get an agreement of
these Indians to leave their own land, which
is in the nature of a treaty, if you regard them
as a body of men with whom the Government
is to deal at all in the way of compact or
agreement.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
thinks it important. I shall withdraw any objec-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very we'll.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hardly think
it is worth while to make a point 011 this mat-
ter. I suppose the words I have stated will
be incorporated in my amendment.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Maine will be so modilied.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Maine
will read the amendment of the Senator lrom
Iowa through, and adopt the whole of it, I will
accept the proposition: but the essential point
in the amendment drawn by the Senator from
Iowa is stricken out of this proposition.
Mr. HARLAN. That is an important point
to the people of Kansas, I have no doubt: but
I would suggest to my honorable friend that
there are seventy-odd members here, and each
one has his own idea of how Indian matters
should be managed; and in all probability the
House of Representatives will have a different
view of this subject from that expressed by the
Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let me say to the Senator
that this is in the interest of the Indians, that
he himself, as chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, is bound to guard. As it now is
there is no fixed sum, and the consequence is
that you allow the settlers to take the best of
the land and leave on hand for the Indians
land that will not be sold in a thousand years.
It is a cruel treatment that the Senator pro-
poses to impose on them. I am speaking in
the interest of the Indian. He wants a certain
sum secured and not left contingent upon
whether settlers take the land or not. As I
have said before, we several times adopted the
principle of receiving Indian lands m trust;
but in every case the system has proved a fail-
ure, and the Indian has never been satisfied
with it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Lei us have a
vole- , , o
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the Sen-
ators amendment by inserting 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I shall not con-
sent to accept any such proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition
now pending is an amendment to an amend-
ment. T_
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It tne Senator
proposes what he intimates I shall take the
sense of the Senate on it.
Mr. POMEROY. Wo had the sense of the
Senate yesterday several times, and I was very
glad to take the sense of the Senate; they
agreed with me all the time. i
Mr. ROSS. J think there is a manifest oo-
jeetion to the insertion of the words which have
been suggested by the Senator from Maine, te-
miiring the advice and consent of the Senate,
ir U well understood, I presume, that this bill
will not become a law until very near tne eiose
of the session, so that the President will have
little if any time in which to devise a mode oy
which this consent of the Indians shall be ob-
tnined and presented to the Senate 5 so that n
these words are incorporated in the proposition
thnre is hardly any probability that any mode
will be devised bv the President and approved
by the Senate until sometime in December, or
during the next session of Congress, and that
will absolutely defeat the very purpose of the
original proposition.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Morrill] to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy.]
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to submit an
amendment to that amendment in some stage
of the proceeding, either as an amendment to
the proposition of the Senator from Maine or
as an independent amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let it be read
for information.
The Chief Glerk read the amendment in-
tended to. be proposed by Mr. Harlan, as
follows:
And be it fuither cnactcd, That tliero bo, and is
hei eby, appro printed, out of any money in f ho Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, as compensation to
the Ore.it aud Little Osage nation of Indians tor stock
and larming utousils which theUnitcd Stated agreed
to l'umish them bv the second aiticlc of the treaty of
January 11,1839, and which were_ only ia parttur-
iiislied, SllO.OOU; aud as compensation for the saw and
grist mill which tho United Slates agreed by s i id
treaty to maintain for them for fifteen years,and which
were only maintained five years, $10,000; which sums
shall be expended under tho direction of tho Secre-
tary of tho Interior in (ho following manner: $12,000
in erecting agency buildings, a warehouse, a black-
smith's dwelling. and a blacksmith's shop; aud the
remaining; $18,000 in the erection of a sehooi-house
and church and a saw and grist mill at their new
home in tho Indian territory.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is not in
order at the present time. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Maine to
the amendment of tho Senator from Kansas.
The amendment to tho amendment was
agreed to.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall not ask for a
division now; but I give notice that I shall
renew my proposition in the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. Is my amendment now in
Older?
The YICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
just adopted can be added to.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I move to amend
that amendment by adding the words which
have just been i ead.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendment as
amended.
Mr. MORTON. In listening to the reading
of the amendment some time ago I understood
it to provide for the interest to be paid on this
sum being placed to the credit of the Indians
at the Treasury of the United States, and I
think it said it was to be disbursed according
to the terms of a certain article of the treaty.
Mr. HARLAN. The second article of the
treaty of 18(jr>.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to hear that
.article read, to know in what way this money
is to be disbursed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have it here,
and send it to tho Chair to be read.
The Chief Clerk read the second article of
tho treaty of September 28, 18G5, as follows:
"The said tribe of Indians also hereby cede to tho
United States a traeL of land twenty miles in width
fiom north to south, oil the north side of the re-
mainder ot their present reservation, and extending
its entire length lrom ca^t to west; which land is to
bo held in trust for raid Indians, and to be surveyed
and sold tor tlieir benefit by tho S'.'eretfi'y of the In-
terior, under such rales aud lobulations as he may
from tune to time prescribe, under the direction ot
the Commissioner ot file General Land Glhoe.asother
lands are surveyed and sold. The proceeds ot sucn
sales, as they accrue, alter deducting all expenses
incident to the proper execitfionot the trust, shall
bo placed in the 'Treasury of the United States to the
credit ot said tribe of Indians; and tno interest
thereon, at the rate of five per cent, per annum, snail
be expended annually for building houses, purcaas-
ing agricultural implements and stock animals, and
for the employment of a physician and mechanics,
and tor providing suc-.'i other necessary aid as will
enable said Indians to commence agricultural Pur-
suits underfavorableeircum^tances: pnvidecl, lhat
twenty-tive percent.ot thenet proceeds arising from
the sale of said trust binds, until said percentage
shall amount to the sum of $80,000, shall be piaccd
to tho credit of tho school fund of said Indians; and
tho interest thereon, at the rato of five per cent, per
annum, shall bo expended semi-annually for the
boarding, clothing, and education of the children of
said tribe."'
Mr. MORTON. If I understand it, that was
the provision made for the distribution of the
funds to arise from the sale of the trust lands?.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. Now, it is provided that
the funds to arise from tho sale of all the lands
shall be disbursed iu the same way.
Mr. POMEROY. That is it exactly.
Mr. MORTON. I took exception yesterday
to the former proposition in regard to the man-
ner of disbursing these funds, from the fact
that it did not provide for paying any of this
money to the Indians per capita, but it was all
to go into the hands of their chiefs and the
white men who act as their agents.
Now, it is well known that many of the In-
dian chiefs are the worst enemies of the tribes;
many of them arc half-breeds, aud tho asso-
ciates of white men, and in partnership with
agents and adventurers ; and the money that is
paid to these chiefs and to tho agents never
gets to the Indians. The law should provide
that the money, or a certain portion of it,
should be paid to the Indians per capita, so that,
each man, woman, and child shall get his oi-
lier share, for if it is paid to the agents it never
gets to the Indians and does them no good.
They are left to starve, and perhaps led to
commit crime and disorder. Do justice now,
Mr. President, and put this money out of the
power of the agents and of the Indian " ring,"
as it is called. It should bo provided that at
least a certain portion of it, the principal part
of it, should be paid to the Indians themselves
directly, and not paid to somebody who is
wholly irresponsible and whom they have never
seen.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator from Indiana
allow me to state an incident bearing on that
point that fell under my own observation?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. When the Stockbridge res-
ervation, on the east side of Lake Winnebago,
was sold out, the agent for that tribe of Indiaus
was required by the Government to pay the
money to the Indians per capita. Those were
his express instructions. The chiefs com-
plained of it, resisted it by argument, by re-
monstrance. The discussion lasted some two
days. The agent would not yield, because he
was acting under express instructions. Finally
the chiefs yielded and assented to the payment
of the money to the Indians per capita. A roll
was made up ; the principal chief took his posi-
tion with a cask by his side; the Indians were
called np one after the other; the money was
counted out and handed over to them ;
took it off in a measure, carried it to the chiet,
who turned it into the cask, and when the pay-
ment was made, although everj'Indian had got
his quota of the money, and had receipted for
it by his mark, the money was all in one cask
and in the control of the principal chief.
Mr. MORTON. That might be the case
in that instance ; but it does not operate that
way generally. I think that unless it is pro-
vided that this money or some portion of it
shall go to the Indians themselves, they witl
never get tho benefit of it; it wiil be spent by
the agents. They steal it; or it is consumed
by the chiefs who are in partnership with them ;
and the Government might just as well keep it.
Mr. HARLAN. There is a great diversity
of opinion as to how Indians ought to be paid.
The more common opinion now, I think, with
those who have tho interest of the Indians! at
heart is that they ought never to be paid a
dollar ill money, but ought to receive the whole
amount of their annuities in useful articles.
Mr. MORTON. I think that would bo bct-
t0 Mr. HARLAN. The treaty provides for a
mode of expending it whieh I think w sa.e ,
and the consent of the Indians doab less can
be had to a different mode ot expending it it
