1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
_Mr. WOOD. With the consent of the com-
mittee I will modify my amendment by strik-
ing out "a resident of the district at least one
year and inserting "an elector of the dis-
trict.' '
Mr. ALLISON. With that modification
there ought to be no objection to the amend-
ment.
Mr. CLARKE, Mr. Chairman, I am not
quite sure but that some practical difficulty
would arise under this amendment even with
the modification suggested.
As I was about to say when interrupted,
there are in the State of Kansas large districts,
comprising whole counties of twenty-five or
thirty square miles, where some six hundred,
eight hundred, one thousand, and perhaps two
or three thousand people have gone in during
a term of five or six weeks. And what has been
true of Kansas during the present year from
the returns already received will be doubly
true next year. I say, sir, as a matter of fact,
that the half _ dozen counties 011 the south-
western frontier of Kansas, where there are
now but a few inhabitants, will be inhabited by
large numbers of people during the next spring
or the coming summer. Now, if I am true in
this statement of facts, the amendment of the
gentleman from New York would make it im-
possible to have a proper enumeration of all the
inhabitants going into those new sections of the
country under the provisions of this bill. All I
desire is that this bill may be so framed as to
obtain a complete and accurate census of the
new sections as well as of the older sections
of the Union.
Mr. COLLUM. The amendment, of the
gentleman from New York refers to the dis-
trict superintendents.
Mr. CLARKE. I do not so understand it,
I should like to know, Mr. Chairman, if the
committee would allow me, from the gentleman
from New York himself, whether this discussion
has been carried on under a misapprehension
of his amendment? Does it refer to the enu-
merators or the district superintendents ?
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman will refer to
the preceding language of (lie section lie will
have an answer to his question. It is as follows;
Sec. 4. Andbe if. further enacted. That witllin thirty
days after tho appointment of tho Suporintoudcnt. ol'
th 0 Census tho Secretary of the Interior shall appoint,
in each congressional district, and in each of tho
Territories of tho United States, and in tho District
of Columbia, ono district superintendent of tho cen-
sus, whose duty it shall bo to cause all tho inhabitants
to be enumerated, and to obtain, or cause to be ob-
tained, tho other statistical information within his
district, in the mannor provided for in this act.
The application of my' amendment is to
restrict him to the appointment of an doctor.
If the gentleman from Kansas states that he
has not in his whole State one elector of the
Republican party fitted to discharge his duty
I have no doubt that the Democrats will sup-
ply as many as they want.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from New York.
The effect will be to exclude every female from
any appointment, and although I suppose there
will not be many female applicants for office
under this bill I see no reason why we should
exclude them. [Laughter.] I know no reason
why a soldier's widow or any other female
properly qualified might not receive an appoint-
ment to any office the duties of which she may
be as capable of performing as those of our
own sex. If reasons exist let them be given.
I will inquire of the gallant gentleman from
New York whether he wishes to exclude this
portion of his constituents and mine from the
privilege of holding office under this bill?
[Renewed laughter.]
Mr. WOOD. My amendment says elector,
not electress, and until the ladies have the
privilege of electors of the United States I
propose to exclude them.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Iam opposed to that.
Merit and capacity to serve the people to the
best advantage, after a proper consideration ot
claims, should be the test for office.
Mr.GARFIELD,ofOhio. Theword"elect-
or" in the amendment of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] would exclude Alaska
altogether. There are no electors in Alaska.
I would suggest that he substitute the word
"resident," which will avoid the difficulty to
which I have referred.
The question being put on Mr. Wood's
amendment,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to amend
the proposed amendment by inserting the
word "resident" instead of "elector."
The question being put on Mr. Garfield's
amendment to Mr. Wood's amendment, it was
agreed to.
The question being put on Mr. ATood's
amendment, as amended, it was agreed to.
No other amendment being offered to the
fourth section, the Clerk read the next section,
as follows :
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That cach district
superintendent, before entering upon tho dutiesof
his office, shall tako and subscribe tho following
oath or affirmation, before any judge of any court of
record, to wit: "I, , district superintendent
of tho ninth census of tho district of , do
solemnly swear (or fttlirm) that X will to the best of
my ability enumerato or cause to bo enumerated all
the inhabitants of thesaid district; that I will oolloct
or cause to bo collected tho other statistical informa-
tion within thesamo; that T will not disclose thesamo
to any person or persons except to my suporiorofficers,
and that I will faithfuly perform all tho duties en-
joined 011 mo by tho laws providing for the taking of
tho ninth census;" and when duly authenticated by
tho said judgo, lie shall forward a copy thoreof so
authenticated to tho Superintendent of the Census.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to offer
an amendment, to insert in the third line, after
tho word "shall," the words "in addition to
the oatli now required by law." There is an
oath required by law, and that ought to be
recognized.
The question being taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Garfikld, of Ohio, it was
agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent of the committee to make a
similar amendment in the secoud section.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection
to make the amendment which tho gentle-
man from Ohio proposes to the second sec-
tion ? Tho Chair hears no objection, and the
sceond section will be so amended.
Mr._ FARNSWORTII. I move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I liope not.
Lot us go 011 till four o'clock, so as to have
another twenty minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I insist on my
motion.
The question being put on Mr. Farns-
woiitii's motion, it was not agreed to.
Tho Clerk then read the next section, as
follows:
Sec. G. And he it further enacted, That each district
suporintoudcnt, immediately after receiving his
appointment and tailing and subscribing tho oath
horoinboforo prescribed, shall proooed to divide his
district into as many subdivisions, to bo known as
enumeration district?, as may bo necessary to carry
out tho provisions of this act and to complete tho
enumeration within one month after tho date fixed
for taking tho census; and he shall employ ono enu-
merator in oach enumeration district thus formed,
and shall without delay transmit to the Superin-
tendent of tho Census the namo and post office ad-
dress of oach enumerator, together with a description
of tho subdivision assigned to each, and as noar as
practicable tho number of square miles contained
therein. Tho formation of enumeration districts
and employment of enumerators shall bo subject to
the approval of the Superintendent of the Census.
Tho enumeration districts shall boas nearly equal as
practicablo in tho amount of labor to be performed,
and they shall together embrace the whole territory
of tho United States; and their boundaries shall bo
clearly described by civil divisions, rivers, roads,
public surveys, or other easily distinguished lines;
and in no case shall an enumeration district include
parts of two counties, (or parishes,) wards, or towns.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to
amend that section so as to make the word
u oath'1 in the third line plural, so as to con-
form to the amendments already made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I move to insert after the word
"act," in line six, the words "not exceeding
ten so that it will read:
Si:o. 6. And be it further enacted, That oaek district
superintendent, immediately after receiving his ap-
pointment and taking and subscribing tho oath
hereinbefore prescribed, shall proceed to divido his
district into as many subdivisions, to bo known as
enumeration districts, as may bo necessary to carry
out tho provisions of thi3 act, not exceeding ten,
and to complete the enumeration within one month
after the date fixed for taking the census, fee.
It will be observed that this section provides
for the division of a district by the district
superintendent into enumeration districts under
the control of the Superintendent of the Cen-
sus. The result of that will be that in the first
instance each district superintendent will make
his own subdivisions, and there will not be at
the commencement any similarity or approx-
imation to it in the size or population of the
several districts in different parts of the United
States. Now, while it is true that some dis-
tricts should contain a greater number of enu
meration districts than others, yet there ought,
it seems to me, to be some maximum beyond
which the district superintendents should not
b® allowed to go; otherwise we shall have no
moans of knowing what will be the size of the
districts. I was unable to decide what would
be a proper maximum that would be a safe
rule for all cases. Oil reflection I have con-
cluded that ten would be as many as would be
required in any single district in the United
States. If, however, that number is too large
or too small I shall of course not object to any
modification; but it seems to me very clear that
the.district superintendents should not be left
without any rule in regard to it. I think we
should fix a maximum. I ask the gentleman
having the bill in charge to consentthat either
ten or some other number shall be fixed as the
maximum.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
considered that subject very fully and found
themselves unable to fix any number that would
not be merely arbitrary. Now, thenumberten
would bo manifestly an improper number, for
there are many congressional districts in which
the population has increased until some of them
now contain over two hundred and twenty thou-
sand of population. My colleague on the com-
mittee who sits near me [Mr. Stokes] has
eighteen counties in his district; other members
here have fifteen or more counties in their dis-
tricts, and if you put 011 any arbitrary number
it seems to me that it would greatly embarrass
this bill. This matter is submitted to the dis-
cretion and judgment of the Superintendent of
the Census, and his action in this regard is sub-
ject to the discretion of the Secretary of the
Interior.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
amendment by making the number "fifteen"
instead of "ten." I suggest that as perhaps
the smallest number that would be available in
my own district. There are thirteen counties
in my district, and at least one such officer
would be required in each county, and in two
counties two of these enumerators would be
required in each county. My object, however,
in moving this amendment is to suggest to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine] that
his proposition is impracticable. I do not think
any specific number can be made to apply to
all portions of the United States. We must
leave something to the sound discretion of the
officer in charge of this matter.
Mr. CULLOM. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that theState of Kansas is all in one
congressional district. It is scarcely presuma-
ble that ten or even fifteen men can go all over
the State in the limited time fixed by this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. The State of Oregon is
another district, even larger than Kansas.
Mr. CLARKE. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. The State of Kansas is a single con-
gressional district, and under this bill it is a
single district for the purpose of the census.
It contains now forty counties, and by the time
this bill will go into effect it will probably con-
taiafifty organized counties. Now it would be
