4206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
it shall be found by experience that their wel-
fare requires it. There is no probability of an
improvident expenditure continuing more than
one year, at all events. By reading the treaty,
if the attention of the Senate could be had to
it, I think they would see that it is a tolerably
safe way of doing it, if anything can be consid-
ered safe that relates to Indians.
Mr. MORKILL, of Maine. I do not know
that I comprehend precisely the position of
the Senator from Indiana, but I thought it was
an objection to the annual expenditure of the
ifunds. It will be seen by the treaty that the
money arising from the sales of the lands is to be
held by the United States for the Indians, and
the interest thereon at five per cent, per annum
ia all that is to be expended, and that is to be
expended " in building houses, purchasing
agricultural implements and stock animals,
and for the employment of a physician and
mechanics, and for providing such other neces-
sary aid as will enable said Indians to com-
mence agricultural pursuits under favorable
fitnfpc "
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator from
Maine, in that connection, whether the law pro-
vides that the Government oi' the United States
through its agents shall build these houses and
furnish these articles, or whether the money is
io be paid over to the agents, the chiefs, or the
Indians, and they have the power to do this or
not, as they see proper?
Mr. MORHILL, of Maine. It has usually
been done under our system by the agents of
the Government. Of course that arrangement
may be altered by Congress; but as our pres-
ent system is, it all goea through the agents of
the Government.
Mr. MORTON. Would not the Senator,
then, consent to an amendment to say that the
money shall be expended by the agents of the
Government of the United States?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have not the
slightest objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be modi-
fied accordingly. The question is on the
amendment as amended.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. In an amendment which was
made to the bill yesterday there was a mistake
in the date of the act mentioned, and also in
the number of two of its sections. I ask the
consent of the Senate that those two errors
may be corrected. In the second section of
the amendment offered by me yesterday, line
nine, I propose to strike out u 1849" and in-
sert u 1848," andin the eleventh line to strike
out " 6th and 6th" and insert u 4th and 6th."
The VICE PRESIDENT. These correc-
tions will be made.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I offer from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs this amendment, to
come in at the end of the first section of the
bill:
For this amount, to carry on thework of instruct-
ing and aiding the Indians of tlio central superin-
tendencymthe arts of civilization, with a view to
their self-support, to bo expended under the direc-
tion of tho Secretary of tho Interior, $00,000, or so
much thereof as he may deem necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I propose this amendment,
to come in on page 42, after line ten hundred and
twenty :
For balanco duo the Pottawatomies under various
treaties with the United States, from thatoi Decem-
ber 2, 1795, to that of July 23,1840, as ascertained in
the report made January 18,1860, to the Secretary
of tho Interior by the commissioners appointed by
the President under tho Senate amendment to tho
tenth article of tho treaty with the Pottawatomie
Indiana of August 7,1808, $178,953 43.
For inl erest due said Indians on the sum of $160,-
MO atfive per cent., to January 22,1869, awarded
by the same commissioners in their supplementary
report, £i#,897 95.
On the I'd of March, 1861, Congress enacted
that the Secretary of the Interior should be
authorized and directed "to examine and re-
port to Congresa at its next session what
amount, if any," was <;due the Chippewa,
Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians," then
"residing iri the State of Michigan," under
various treaties which are enumerated.
Further on it was provided that the Secre-
tary of the Interior was furthermore author-
ized and directed to ascertain and report at
the same time whether there was "any money
or property heretofore payable to said Potta-
watomie nation, under and by virtue of the
treaty of October 26., 1832, or other treaties,
which had not been appropriated and paid,
and if any, to what amount."
Under that act of Congress the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, upon the 15th of
November, 1802, made a report to the Secre-
taiy of the Interior. I have that report before
me. It is a long report ; I will only state the
conclusion. Mr. Dole, the then Commissioner,
reports that the deficiency due to the Potta-
watomie Indians under treaty stipulations
amounted to $09,507 50; that there were due
to them from the United States eleven thou-
sand pounds of tobacco, five thousand six hun-
dred and sixty-seven pounds of iron, eight
hundred and fifty-five pounds of steel, and six
hundred and seventy-two pounds of salt, (that
should be u barrelsof salt," as I will presently
proceed to show;) and that there was due for
outfit of emigrating Indians $28,442 92, and
commutation for self-emigration $02,500;
making a total of $100,540 48 money due.
The Secretary of the Interior, in communicat-
ing this report of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs to Congress, in conclusion states as
follows:
"Believing tho report of the Commissioner upon
the amount due to the Pottawatomie natiou to bo
substantially eoircut,I n'CLUUincjd an appropriation
of that amount, with instructions to the Commis-
sioner of Indian A flair?, under tho directions ot the
 Seerotary of tho Intenor, to ascertain tho amount
due to that portion of the nation who remained 111
Michigan under tho stipulations of the supplement-
ary treaty, and to pay I ho same l'j oui the appropria-
tion for tho benefit of tho naiion."
This was the recommendation of Mr. Smith,
the then Secretary of (he Interior.
The next evidence I desire to bring to the
attention of the Senate is the report of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs made April 2,
1800, to the Secretary of the Interior. 'The
Commissioner at that time was Mr. Cooley,
and in this report he uses this language :
"In connection with thismattor I would state that
tho act of March 2,1861, (Statutes-at-Largo, volume
twelvo, page 207,) directs tho Secretary of' tho Inte-
rior to examine and report to Congress whethor there
is any money or property payable to tho Pottawat-
omio nation, under and by virtue of the treaty of
October 20,1832, and other treaties, which has not
been appropriated and paid, and if any, what
amount."
He proceeds to say:
"In compliance with said act, Secretary Smith,
under date of December 19,1862, transmitted to Con-
press a report from Commissioner Dole, showing that
in tho judgment of tho Commissioner, based upon
the construction given by the Indian Office of the sev-
eral treaties referred to, thero is duo tho Pottawat-
omics the sum of $160,540 <48; also eleven hundred
pounds of tobacco, livo thousand six hundred and
sixty-seven pounds of iron, eight hundred and fifty-
fivo pounds of steel, and six hundred and seventy-
seven barrels of salt; and recommended that an
appropriation bo made by Congress equal to the
amount found duo, as per said report."
He adds:
" The House Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom
was referred the Secretary's letter and report of Com-
missioner Dole, accepted all the items in tho report
as verilied, and recommended tho adoption of a reso-
lution, to the effect that tho Committee of Ways and
Means bo instructed to incorporate in their general
appropriation bill for the expenses of tho Indian
department an appropriation of tho sum of $161,-
898 75, to be paid tho Pottawatomie nation oflndians,
in full satisfaction of their claims for deficiencies of
payments under all treaties made with them from
the year 1795 to tho present time. (January 20, I860.;
"The report of the committee was ordored to bo
printed, and on the 29th of January, 1863, was recom-
mitted to said committee. No turther action has
been had in the matter."
That report, as I have already said, was
made by Mr. Cooley, the then Commissioner
of Indian Affairs. 1 have before me now, Mr.
President, another report on this same subject,
made on the 2oth of January, 1867, by Louis
V. Bogy, the then Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, and I invite the attention of the Sen-
ate to this report. The amount proposed to be
appropriated is a large sum, and I am desirous
of convincing the Senate that it ought to be
paid. This is a report by the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior :
Department of tiik Interior,
Omen Indian Avr uar,,
"Washington, D. C., January 25, 1807.
Sir: My attention having been drawn to your ref-
erence, 011 the 4th of May last, of tho memorial oi J.
W. Bourassa and others, Pottawatomie delegates,
aslcing Congress to appropriate $164,58-4 75. alleged
to bo due the Pottawatomios, arising from stipula-
tions in thevarious treaties made between them and
tho United States, 1 have the honor to state that by a
reference to the records of this office m order to lind
the status of this claim, it appeais that on the 15th
Novembor, 18G2, tho Commissioner of Indian Allans,
William P. Dole, es-tj., reported upon the nutter,
which report was made by him upon the request of
the then Secretary of the Interior, to enable him to
report to Congress, in pursuance of tho act of Congress
approved March 2, 1801. (iSeo Siatutes-at-Large,
volume 12, page 207.) This report of AftDole was
tho result of a long and labonous investigation in
thisollieo and that of the Second Auditor, occupy-
ing, as I am informed, the time of two experienced
clerks for about eighteen months.
I call the attention of the Senate specially
to this portion ot the report. He adds :
In consideration of the above facts leading me to
behove that the subject has been carefully oonsideied
and exhausted, I diem it Miiiioient for mo to rofor
vou to late Commissioner Do.e's printed report (see
Executive Documents, thud session Thirty-Seventh
Congress, volume four, 1$02-G.>, Executive Document
No. 10) as sufficient upon the questions involved in
the present inquiry, containing, I have no reason to
doubt, a lull and lair stai ement ot the ease. One of
your predecessors, Hon. Caleb 1>. Smith, ay it appears
from his report to Congress, dated 19th December,
1802, (sec Executive Document No. 19, before refer) ed
to,) approved of Mi. Dole's repoit and transmitted
it to Congress with tin' reeonim^iuKtion th.it tho
amount found duo tho Pottawatomie nation should
bo appropriated and paid.
The Couimitiee 011 Indian Affairs, as per its report
on the 20lh of January, 1863, also examined into tho
whole subject of this communication, as well upon
the reports submitted to it as the dates upon winch
such reports wore made, and eatne to the same con-
clusion as did Secretary Smith and Commissioner
Dole. (See House Reports Committees and Court
of Claims, third session Thirty-Seventh Congress,
Iloport No. 18.)
In conclusion, I would respectfully draw your atten-
tion to an error in the primed copy of Commissioner
Dole's report, whore in his "recapitulation '' ho is
made to say "six hundred and seventy-two pounds
of salt" when it is evident that six hundred and
seventy-two bairels was intended. The Coinmitteo
on Indian Affairs of tho House of Representatives
however did not detect the error and made the com-
putation for pounds; which fact accounts for the dis-
crepancy in the sum rccommonded by tho committee
to bo appropriated, $101,808 75, and that claimed m
the memorial of Jiourassa and others, $164,581 75.
The papers referred by your Depai taient, JVluy 4,
18th), are herewith returned.
Very respectfully-, your obedient servant,
LOUIS V. 33UUY, Commissioner*
Hon. O. II. Browning, ticcletaiyvf (he Juterior.
This was ihe condition of this matter at the
time when a treaty was concluded on tho 7th
of August, 18C8, between the United States and
this tribe of Indians. 1 now desire lo call the
attention of the Senate to the amendment lo
the tenth article of that treaty. That amend-
ment is as follows:
" It is further agreed that the claims of the Pottu-
watomies, heretolore reported on by tho Secretary
ot tho Interior, under tho act of Congress of Murcli
2, 1S61, shall bo submitted to two commissioners, to
bo named by the President of the United 8tates, lor
examination, and snid commissioners, after boni^
sworn impartially to decide oil said claims, .-lull m.iko
report of their judgment 111 the premises, with tho
evidenco taken, to tho Soorotary of tho Interior, and
the same shall bo communicated to Oong'rcss at its
next session."
In conformity with tho requisitions of this
article of the treaty the President appointed
two commissioners, Charles Rowland and
Stephen D. Mills, to make the examination and
report required by the terms of the treaty. I
have before me the report which they made
upon the 18th day of January, 180'J. The report
is a long one, and I shall content raysell with
stating the conclusions to which the commis-
sioners arrived. Tney examined nineteen trea-
ties made by this Government with these In-
dians, commencing with that of December 2,
1795, and ending with that proclaimed on the
23d of July, 1840, nuiiiiog through a period
of fifty years. They found that under eleven
