1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4207
ol these treaties certain balances of money and
of property were due to these Indians. Thus,
under the treaty of December 2, 1795, they
found that there had been due these Indians
from the time that treaty was promulgated down
to the period of this report the sum of $28,000.
Under the treaty of December 26, 1803, they
found there was due to the Indians the sum of
$1,600. Under the treaty of April 4, 1800,
there was due the Indians the sum of $5,000 ;
under the treaty of January 27, 1808, the sum
of $4,400; under the treaty of January 1G,
1810, the sum of $5,250; under the treaty of
January 15, 1819, the sum of $1,250; under
the treaty of March 25, 1822, the sum of
$20,044 77 ; under the treaty of January 7,
1829, the sum of $13,245 09; under the treaty
of January 2, 1830, the sum of $25,721 99;
under the treaty of January 21, 1833, the two
sumsof $5,529 50and $39,716 89. They also
found that there was due the Indians as
deficiency for outfit for emigrating Indians
$28,442 92, and for commutation l'or self-erui-
grating Indians the sum of $62,590.
These commissioners then proceeded to
estimate overpayments which at various times
had been made to the Indians, and they found
that the sum of those overpayments was
$50,837 73, and they ascertained the balance
of principal at that time due to these Indians to
be $178,953 43; and thig constitutes the first
item in (he amendmeut I have proposed for
the Senate's adoption.
This report was communicated by the Sec-
retary of the Interior to Congress on the 28th
of January, 18G9, in the following terms:
t) ki'a rt.'ii i:.\t of 'I'll i. interior,
"Washington, I). O., January 23,1809.
Sue : I have tho lionor to transmit to Congress
herewith, as provided by the tenth article ot the
treaty ot 7th ot August, J86S, with the Pottawatomie
Indians, the report of tho commissioner? appointed
to examine tho claims of said Indians, dated the
19th instant, and their supplementary report, dated
the 22d instant.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
0. II. BROWNING,
Secretary.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
In tins connection I will advert to the sup-
plementary report referred to in this commu-
nication of the Secretary of the Interior. That
supplementary report was made on the 22d of
January, 18G9, four days subsequent to the prin-
cipal report, and relates exclusively to the inter-
est to be allowed to these Indians upon the sum
thus ascertained to be due them. The com-
missioners used the following language in this
supplementary report in respect to the second
item, that for interest,:
WaSHIXOTOJT, D. O., January 22, 1869.
Sir: The undersigned, commissioners appointed
by the President under the Senate amendment to
the tenth article of tho treaty with tho Pottawatomie
Indians, August 7,1308, beg leave to present the iol-
lowhu? supplementary report to that of January 18
instant, which we have heretofore had the honor ot
eommunicatm;? to you;
As intimated in the previous report, tho purposo
of tho present is briefly to express our views in re-
gard to a claim for interest oil the sum of rJlbO.olO 43,
said specified sum having been awarded to be duo
the Pottnwutomies, by the Committee of Claims ot
the House of Representatives, on or about tho 19th
diiy oi ^December, 1862.
It is notour intention to discuss tho legality ot this
claim. Members of Congress, many of whom arc
learned ami eminent Hwyers, are presumed to be
familiar with the precedents which will govern tt^eir
(lcei.sionsinthepresentca.se. .
However much opinions may vary m regard_ to the
Ptiict legality of this claim, we have no doubt oi its
JUWo'take the broad and general ground that every
debt is unquestionably due from the moment it is
recognized by the debtor, and that said aebtor, from
such time forward, by using the amount of said m-
del>W"ess for his own advantage and aggrandize-
ment, deprives the creditor of his.iu&t right m doing
tho s,m!o with the amount of said indebtedness. #
A^nin, as men of honor are most sensitive to their
obligations in their intercourse with the weak and
unr/iotected, so should an enlightened nation guard
•With tho most scrupulous care and accord the most
liberal construction to the rights of tnose for whom
they are the exclusive guardians. ,
The luigost proportion of these claims have been
due for Ihiity years. . T . ,
"We do not propose to allow interest lor such period,
but smee the time when tho debt was onicially
recognized as aforesaid, on the 19th of December.
1802.
Th'■ intercut on the aforesaid sum of $160,510 is, at
five per cent., iroui December 19,1862, to January
22,3869, six years, one month, and three days, would
bo $18,807 95; and wo do hereby award the said sum
to ho equitably and justly duo tho Pottawatomios
for Interest.
Wo havo tho honor to be, sir, very respectfully,
your obedient servants,
CHARLES ROWLAND,
S'i'liPllliN D. MILLS,
Commissioners.
Hon. O. II. Brownino,
Secretary of the Interior, Washington, V. O.
Now, Mr. President, how stands the proof
upon the justice of this claim? Here we have
the reports of three successive Commissioners
of Indian Affairs, all establishing the right of
these Indians to this principal sum. In addition
to that, we have the report of tho Committee
on Indian Affairs of the House of Representa-
tives, and likewise a report of the Committee
of Claims of the House of Representatives.
Besides all this, we have the report of this com-
mission instituted under the treaty of 1808. It
will be borno in mind that in the appointment
of these commissioners the Indians had no
voice. They were appointed by the debtor
party to that treaty. They belonged to the
debtor race. They must make up their con-
tributivc share by taxes of whatever amount
they should award. The treaty did not allow
the Indians to have an'y voice either in the ap-
pointment of the commission or in the investi-
gation of the sums that were due them under
these various treaties. The commissioners in
their report say that the Indians, although they
desired tobepresentat this investigation, were
denied that privilege. They had no hearing
whatever before that commission; and yet,
after a laborious investigation, covering several
months, these commissioners, upon an ex parte
examination, and furnished with every aid from
the Executive Departments, ascertained that
there was duo to these Indians the principal
sum which I have named, $178,953 43.
Thus, sir, five or six times, and in different
modes, and without any substantial difference
in the result, has it been ascertained by author-
ized agencies that the Government owed this
principal sum to these Indians. That report has
slumbered upon your desk for a year and a half,
and no action whatever has been taken upon it,
notwithstanding the present Secretary of the
Interior again called tho attention of Congress
to this report in January last.
Now, unless tho chairman of tho Committee
on Indian Affairs, who has signified his inten-
tion to object to this appropriation, is prepared
to except to this report and point out wherein
and how the commissioners have erred, and not
only these commissioners, but three successive
Commissioners of Indian Affairs, and besides
that two clerks in the office of the Second
Auditor, who, at different periods, examined
the same matter—unless, I say, he is prepared
to show that all these various agencies have
erred in this result, I demand, as matter of
justice to these Indians, that this appropria-
tion shall be made, not only of the principal,
but of the interest. You will notice that the
commissioners go no further back in the com-
putation of interest than December. 1802; and
this, too, although a portion of the sum awarded
has been found to be due ever since the year
1795.
Mr. President, I will add nothing more by
way of explanation until I shall hear what objec-
tion may be urged by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, if any, to this amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
oil agreeing to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator gave notice
| that he intended to offer this as an amendment
lo this bill ii escaped my notice at. the time,
and hence I am not prepared to answer lus
argument.
Mr. PRATT. I gave notice last Thursday
that I intended" to offer this amendment. The
amendment has been lying on the Clerk's desk
ever since ; and the Senator will find that notice
in the Globe.
Mr. HARLAN. I once examined this claim.
It was a number of years since, however. , I
was then a member pf the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and at the request of the committee
sent to the Department and obtained ail the
papers and documents referred to in this first
report, the report made December 23, 1882.
I examined every paper they could furnish at
the Department, and the impression made on
my mind was that it was a trumped up claim
from beginning to end, and I so reported to
the committee. 1 was then able to give the
facts in detail, which I cannot now recite, I
regret, to say, which satisfied the Committee on
Indian Affairs that my judgment was correct.
Mr. PRATT. What year did the Senator
say that was in ?
Mr. HARLAN. I think it must have been
after this report made in 1862, for I remem-
ber I had a printed memorandum from the
Department very similar to this.
Mr. PRATT. I will inquire of the Senator
if it was previous to the 5th of April, 1800?
Mr. HARLAN. I think it was earlier than
1800.
Mr. PRATT._ Then I beg leave, with the
Senator's permission, to call his attention to
a communication which he made to Mr. Cooley,
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, on this very
subject.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to hear it.
Mr. PRATT. I will read it with pleasure.
Mr. Cooley had just made to the honorable
Senator, who was then Secretary of the Inte-
rior, an elaborate report, on the JGth of Feb-
ruary, 1860, in which he had distinctly called
his attention to what had been found to be due
these Indians by his predecessor in office, and
with that report before him, the then Secretary
of the Interior made this reply to the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. o., April 5,1866.
Sir: In reply to your communication of the 31
instant, in reference to arrearages duo Pottawatomie
Indians, I have to state that, as this subject was pre-
sented to Congress by my predecessor, in pursuance
of a law requesting investigation to be had and report
made. I do not deem it to be tlie duty of cither tho
Secretary of tho Interior or tho Commissioner of
Indian Affairs to take any further action in tho mat-
ter unless so instructed by Congress or some ono of
tho standing committees of cither branch. You will
so inform Superintendent Murphy.
Very respectfully, your obedient, servant,
JAMBS II AULA JT, Secretary.
Hon. D. N. Coolky, Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Now, I ask the Senator, if be supposed there
was anything wrong about this claim at that
time, when lie had all the facts before him, the
report of his subordinate stating the amount
that had repeatedly been ascertained to be due
to these Indians, why did he not make his objec-
tion then ?
Mr. HARLAN. The letter that the honor-
able Senator reads is in harmony with the rule
of all the Departments, as I understand it.
When Congress by law directs a Department
to make an investigation and report to either
branch of Congress, and that service has been
performed, the work of the Department on
that subject is consideied as closed, whether
they agree with the report made or not. No
Secretary of one of the Departments would
take up a report made by his predecessor and
reexamine its correctness, unless directed to
do so by lav,', no more tliau would a judge of
one of the courts of our country go back and
examine into the righteousness ot a decision
rendered by his predecessor. When a case
has been once decided it is considered closed
so far us the Department is concerned,-unless
new evidence shall have been discovered, or
something of that kind warranting a reopen-
ing of the case. But when Congress directs a
Department to perform a specific service, anu
that service has been performed, it is consid-
ered as ended until the legislative branch of
the Government again directs the Department,
