2820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
various functions. I have no particular par-
tiality for this national bureau of education as
contemplated by the committee which reports
this bill, for without funds it will certainly be
barren of good results, and the country is in-
deed in no condition financially to appropriate
millions of dollars for educational purposes in
the various States of the Union, and without
such appropriation it would be a futile under-
taking.
But, sir, this fund intended for the use and
benefit of the freedmen should be expended in
their behalf. What is its history ? I find sir,
this bureau was established March 8,1865, for
the relief of freedmen and refugees, "to con-
tinue during the war of rebellion, and for one
year thereafter," to which shall be "commit-
ted the supervision and management of all
abandoned lands, or to which the United States
shall have acquired title by confiscation, sale,
or otherwise." However objectionable this
bill may have been in some respects, yet it
cannot be denied that much suffering anil dis-
tress was averted by its charitable provisions.
Thousands were fed who otherwise might havo
starved ; for immediately after the close of the
war but little was left in the South upon which
man or beast could subsist, and the supply of
provisions at various points in the southern
States to both races and in places to all classes
was essential to the preservation of life. In
this the Government did its duty faithfully and
well, especially to the thousands of freedmen
recently declared free, roaming over the coun-
try, houseless and homeless. Infatuated, as
was natural that they should be, with the vague
and indefinite idea ol' liberty, to them incom-
prehensible because untried, unaccustomed
to the exercise of thought and care " for the
morrow," they were for the time being unpro-
tected and powerless, and without the inter-
vention of congressional aid their sufferings
would have been intense. Otherwise the Gov-
ernment would have been recreant to every
sense of justice and humanity in releasing the
bondsman without temporarily providing for his
physical wants or ministering unto his absolute
necessities. As it is time has intervened, and
he, fully conscious of his real status of self-
dependence, has cheerfully assumed the re-
sponsibilities of a freeman, and we trust with
habits of industry and honesty will soon appre-
ciate the inestimable advantages of American
citizenship.
This original bill was amended July 10,I860,
by an act to continue in force and amend an
act to establish this bureau. By this act the
bureau was continued for two years longer, with
enlarged powers of usefulness in supplying the
destitute of ail classes with medical and other
stores as their condition required with this
important provision, however, in the thir-
teenth section thereof—its tenor and purport
is clear and unquestionable : that "whenever
the bureau shall cease to exist such of said
so-called confederate States as shall have made
provision for the education of their citizens
without distinction of color shall receive the
sum remaining of such sale or rentals, which
shall be distributed among said States for edu-
cational purposes in proportion to their popu-
lation." This clause, Mr. Speaker, is explicit,
and establishes beyond question the intention
of its framers in designating the disposal of
the remaining funds after the bureau ceases
to exist for educational purposes among the
southern States. That act is still unrepealed,
and we demand its appropriation in accord-
ance with law. I trust, sir, it is unnecessary
for ,jc or any other southern member on this
iloor to argue its necessity. It is certainly
patent to the most casual observer. Educa-
tion is in itself, I admit, a trite theme, and in
the abstract scarcely admissible of argument
or illustration. Its advantages we know, we
feel. Observation and experience have dem-
onstrated not only its utility, but indispensable
necessity. It is a part of our system of gov-
ernment, and underlies the entire fabric. It
is the corner-stone of our national independ-
ence, and constitutes in itself the sum-total of
American civilization. This Government is
deeply interested in the general diffusion of
its benefits among all races, every color, and
both sexes.
In order to secure this beneficent result at
an early period, governmental aid is important.
The southern people are impoverished by the
late unfortunate civil strife, and are totally
unable to sustain schools of a general charac-
ter. Still, by law a fund is raised from taxa-
tion, which by judicious management is already
developing much good, and as time restores
peace and plentytne schools can be established
on a permanent and satisfactory basis. Until
then we invoke the aid of Congress not to
withhold that pittance from us which by law
is properly ours.
The education of the freedmen should be a
matter of interest to every citizen of our wide-
spread country. He is no longer a slave, for-
bidden by penal enactment to learn to read
and write, but is to-day a freeman, and as such
should learn his duties and responsibilities.
His own interest and well-being demand it;
the welfare of the people with whom he lives
demands it; tho tranquillity ai;(l order of our
common country demand it; the honor and
character of the Government are pledged to his
protection, and no means can be so cheaply
devised for the bestowal of that protection as
to .educate him in regard to the privileges and
duties of that new relationship which he has
so recently assumed.
Mr. ARNKLL. 1 now yield three minutes
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Winanm.]
Mr. WINANS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, which I send to the desk to be read.
Mr. McNEELY. It' the gentleman from
Tennessee allows others to offer amendments
I desire to ask him why he does not allow mem-
bers of the committee to do so ? I desire to offer
an amendment, which he has not consented to
admit.
Mr. ARNELL. I reserve the right to object
to any amendments which maybe offered; but
1 will make an explanation to the gentleman
from Illinois after the amendment of tho gen-
tleman from Ohio is read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out.all of section two after tho word "edu-
cation," in tho ninth lino, and insert tho following:
" to boexpended exclusively ill aiding existing insti-
tutions of loarning: for tho education ofoolnved pupils,
and in establishing and promoting public schools
among freedmen and refugees."
Mr. ARNELL. I will now answer the ques-
tion put to mo by my colleague on the com-
mittee. I will say to him that this amendment
was submitted informally to tho members of
the committee and approved of by them ; and
for that reason I have deemed if proper to allow
this amendment to be admitted as pending.
Mr. WINANS. I do not desire, Mr. Speaker,
to make any remarks upon tho amendment I
havo offered, except to say that it limits the
power of the Commissioner in the disposition
of this fund to aiding existing institutions for tho
education of colored people, and the estab-
lishment and promotion of common schools
among the colored people and refugees. As
it has the sanction of the committee, I do not
desire to say anything further in its behalf.
Mr. ARNELL. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawkence.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I am per-
fectly well aware itisalmostimpossibletospeak
upon the subject of this bill without being mis-
represented or misunderstood. Any words said
against itl know are liable to be understood or
misrepresented as indicating hostility to edu-
cation, and especially the education of the col-
ored youth of the South. I wish to say now,
however, and distinctly, that I am in favor of
educating all the children of this land ; and if
any one of the States of the South or of the
North shall fail to make adequate provision
for this purpose I would by congressional law,
as a means of preserving republican institu-
tions, provide education for them. But I would
tax the property of the defaulting State to pay
the expenses of it, and not hold out an induce-
ment to States to make no provision for educa-
tion, as we will do if we appropriate national
revenues for that purpose. Let us not com-
mit the fatal error of inducing the States of the
South to make no provision for the education
of their people.
Mr. ELDEIDGE. Under what provision
of the Constitution would the gentleman do
that?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Under that provision
which authorizes us to guaranty to every State
a republican form of government, and which
carries with it the power to preserve that which
we have the right to guaranty. But if there
be doubt of the constitutional power to do what
1 have suggested there is still greater doubt
of our power to pass this bill.
It is not shown to us that any State has failed
to provide the means of education or will not
speedily do so; and before we intervene a
necessity for intervention should be shown.
I undertake to say, Mr. Speaker, that this
bill opens up a subject vastly more important
than many members of this House have as yet
supposed. It presents the question whether
we shall embark in the general business of
taking charge of the educational interests of
States. For if we may in this way provide the
means of education in the States of this Union
wo may do it to the exclusion of the common
schools already existing in the States; and we
may subvert the educational systems which
have been established in every State of this
Union.
1 know, Mr. Speaker, it will be said that
we are only transferring $600,000 which have
been already appropriated to the Freedmen's
Bureau; thai we are only transferring that
appropriation to the bureau of education.
But if it be wise to transfer this fund for this
purpose it will be wise under similar circum-
stances, if they exist in the future, to make
new appropriations for the same purpose here-
after. And the question, therefore, the naked
question is presented whether we will take
charge of tho educational interests of the coun-
try and provide for schools in some, or it may
be in the future all of the States.
Mr. Speaker, before I shall consent to tax
my constituents to educate the children of other
States neglecting to tax their own citizens I
shall ask the House to pause and consider the
question whether each State ought not to be
taxed for the education of its children. This
bill seeks to tax, not the people whose children
are to be educated or the property in the State
where the education is to be provided, but to
tax the people of the whole country to estab-
lish schools in some particular localities.
Mr. CULLOM. Will the gentleman yield
for a question ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CULLOM. I see that this bill provides
that all funds now in the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States placed to the account of the Com-
missioner of the Freedmen's Bureau for the
education and support of refugees and freed-
men shall bo transferred to the account of
the bureau of education. I think the House
has a right to know what amount of money
there is.
Mr. LAW RENCE. About six hundred thou-
sand dollars, I understand.
Mr. ARNELL. I stated the amount 'yes-
terday.
Mr. CULLOM. I would like to know now
how much it is.
Mr. ARNELL. Six hundred and four thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. CULLOM. Well, I think we had better
leave it in the Treasury.
Mr. LAWRENCE. My time is very short,
and I have a few words to add. This bill is in
the very worst possible shape. There is not a
single guard or restriction or limitation thrown
around it. Let me call the attention of the
