5152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 4,
of their contracts. To do that they would sell
the franchise, or anything else.
I hope, sir, that this question, so far as the
Chinese are concerned, may remain an open
question until the country understands it; that
we shall not under any agreement to take a
vote on one proposition be forced to vote upon
another; and I must be allowed to say one
word about that agreement. The Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] knew very well that
I was opposed to the bill to extend naturaliza-
tion to the Chinese. He knew very well that
I did not vote for it in committee. He knew
very well that if that bill had been mentioned
as a part of the agreement I would not have
consented to the agreement. Every Senator
knew it. I agreed to vote upon the naturaliza-
tion bill at five o'clock on Saturday, and that
bill only regulated naturalization. It did not
extend naturalization. The two bills have been
kept separate. Every Senator who knew my
views, as almost every Senator did, on this
subject knew that neither I nor any other
Senator from the Pacific coastwould have con-
sented to vote upon this other measure without
a hearing. I never heard of so monstrous a
proposition as an attempt to enforce a rule of
that kind. If such be the tricks of the trade,
if when you get an agreement to vote on one
bill without debate you can vote on all other
bills, we shall have no more agreements in the
Senate while I am here. I am glad that the
majority of the Senate do not feel that I ought
to be held to that agreement. I am glad that
they are willing to hesitate until this question
can be understood, and I am inclined to think
they will come to the same conclusion to which
I have come, that there is nothing in the Re-
publican record that makes it necessary for us
to incorporate any other people among our
own.
Why, sir, what is the fifteenth amendment?
"The right of citizens of the United States to
vote shall not be denied or abridged by the
United States, or by any State, ou account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude."
It speaks of citizens of the United States. Be-
cause we did an act of justice, because we en-
franchised the colored man, must we therefore
necessarily abaudon our institutions to the Chi-
nese, or to the people of any other country hos-
tile to those institutions? The negro was among
us. Thiswashisnativeland. He was born here.
He had a right to protection here. lie had a
right to the ballot here. He was an American
and a Christian, as much so as any of the rest
of the people of the country. He loved the
American flag. Although lie was ignorant,
although he had beenaslave, it became import-
ant that he should be enfranchised, so that he
might protect himself in this great strife that
we always have and always must have in a free
government, where every man must take care
of himself. He is to be armed with the ballot,
as other men are.
But does the Declaration of Independence,
or does the fifteenth amendment mean that
there shall be no distinction on account of
residence or anything else? Do the fifteenth
amendment and the Declaration of Independ-
ence mean that the Chinese have the same
rights in this Government that we have? If
that be the case, if all the Chinese have the
same rights here that we have, then let the
emperor of China make our laws. The thing
is ridiculous. We have a right to make our
own laws; and it would be a crime in us to
incorporate any people in the body-politic who
are hostile to free institutions. We are charged
with the duty of preserving these liberties for
mankind. America is the palladium of free
institutions, and we are but the trustees to
guard those rights. We must not incorporate
any foreign clement which is hostile to free
institutions.
Because we have protected our own citizens
and given them their rights, because we have
freed the slaves and then given them their civil
Bttd political rights, does it follow that we must
extend those political rights to all people
throughout the globe, whether they will accept
them or not? Why, sir, it would render Amer-
ican citizenship a farce. It is no part of the
logic of the Republican party to incorporate
any element that is hostile to free institutions
in the American Government or to divide po-
litical power with them. The people coming
here from Europe are of our own race. They
have had struggles there for liberty. They
have heard of free institutions from their earliest
childhood, and yet even some of them have
difficulty in comprehending the situation here.
They speak our language, or at all events they
meet here a large body of people who speak
theirs, no matter what European language
they speak. They are of us, and assimilate
rapidly, and aid in the development and pro-
gress of our country. Let them come. We
are glad to receive them. They add to our
wealth.
But how is it with these Asiatics? They
have another civilization at war with ours; a
language which we shall never understand—a
language which is more arbitrary and difficult
thau any other spoken language. They have
not renounced their allegiance; they have not
brought here their household gods; they have
not brought here their families ; they build no
houses; they have no farms; they do not make
the prairie blossom like the rose. They work
in your mines and on your railroads; but they
have not their families with them. The reason
they have assigned to me for not bringing their
families is because this is only their temporary
residence. They do not propose to make it
their home. The reason why they contract
that their bodies shall be removed to their
fatherland is because it is an article of their
faith that they must be buried with the bodies
of their ancestors. They worship them. If a
decree were made to-day that those Chinamen
who are here should never again visit the flow-
ery land, I do not suppose one Chinaman in a
hundred would survive. If such a decree were
promulgated by the imperial Government that
these coolie Chinamen should never again re-
turn to China, I think ninety-nine hundredths
of them would commit suicide. Why do you
talk about naturalizing them? What a farce
it is to administer to them an oath, under the
Christian form, that they are attached to the
institutions of America! It would be a mock-
ery ; it would be a crime; a crime which I will
not participate in; a crime which 1 will not
admit that the logic of anything the Repub-
lican party has ever done must culminate in
the perpetration of. I will not admit that we
are in any such position.
I desired to be heard on this question at
length; but I know the Senate is impatient,
and I have hurried through with my remarks,
and will say no more at present.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr President, the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Oregon
raises the question whether we shall ingraft
Chinese in the naturalized population of the
United States. The amendment offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts raises the question
whether we shall adopt by our naturalization
laws the whole pagan races of the world and
ingraft them in our population. These are
among the most grave and difficult proposi-
tions that have ever been submitted to Con-
gress. We have now but ten days of the ses-
sion left. It is utterly impossible to discuss
these questions in the light of enlightened
statesmanship in the ten days left of this ses-
sion. Indeed, my own study and conviction
about the Chinese question and the extension
of the naturalization laws would induce me to
trespass on the time of the Senate for a good
while it I chose to discuss it.
This discussion is in violation of the unani-
mous agreement of the Senate, violated for the
first time, I believe, in the whole history of the
Senate of the United States. It was positively
agreed that on Saturday this debate should he
closed and that the vote should be taken.
Never before in the history of the American
Senate has unanimous consent been openly and
palpably violated.
Mr. STEWART. Who violated it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not speak of that at
all. I do not say who viQlated it. I will not
say now who should be held responsible ; but I
do say that the very moment this melancholy
fact is stated in the Seuate it ought to pause
and retrace its steps.
But not only that; it is doubly violated.
There was a unanimous agreement of the
Senate that the tax bill should be gone on with
after the naturalization bill was disposed of.
We know that the tax bill is a vital measure
that every man in this country is interested in,
and we know that it will require all the balance
of the session to mature that bill, the funding
bill, and the appropriation bills, those element-
ary measures which lie at the foundation of
the Government.
If I thought there could be a vote on this
bill without any further discussion I should not
make the motion which I propose to do. But
I will say to my friend from New York, with
every desire to vote for his bill as it now stands,
with every desire to vote for the two sections
he has added to the House bill, I have the
assurance of the Senator from Massachusetts
that he will not withdraw the amendment he
proposes. The Senator from Oregon also says
thathewillnotallowthevote to betaken on that
amendment without a vote uponhis amendment;
and he is justified in making that statement. I
have talked with Senators on all sides, and they
say that no vote can be taken on either of these
questions without a long debate, and that they
are prepared and ready to debate them, and
propose to debate them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There will be no more
agreements of that kind, either.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no use of hav-
ing agreements if they are to be violated.
Now, sir, if the Senator from Massachusetts
will not withdraw this amendment until a more
opportune moment, and he says he will not 
Mr. SUMNER. This is the opportune mo-
ment. It is the Fourth of July; the very day
for this proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President, if
that is the way, any one Senator can slop the
whole business of this session ; and I know no
other way of getting out of this difficulty except
to take the short and the only short corner in
the Senate, and that is to move that this bill
be laid on the table, and that we proceed, as
we have agreed to do, with the business of
the country, in which every man, woman, and
child in the country is interested.
Before making that motion, let me say that
I do it with extreme reluctance, because I
think we ought to guard against the abuses of
the naturalization laws. We ought to punish
them. We ought to provide every means we
can to secure the elective franchise ; because
of all the great dangers that dominate over
this country, now celebrating its birthday, the
darkest and the blackest are the abuses and
frauds upon the elective franchise. In com-
parison with that the naturalization of the
Chinese and other pagan races dwindles into
utter insignillcauce. The mere theory of ex-
tending our naturalization laws is nothing com-
pared with that. But, sir, if we can have no
vote on that question without its being'incum-
bered with all these other difficult problems,
all that is left for the Senate to do, in ray judg-
ment, is to proceed with the regular order of
business, that which must be acted upon and
passed before we can adjourn. I therefore
move that the bill and the pending amend-
ments lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator with-
hold that motion for a moment until I can say
a word? I ask him to withdraw it for one
moment,
Mr. SUMNER. I shall ask also to be heard.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask in my own behalf
to make a very brief observation.
