1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
House to some of its provisions. In section
two it is provided that this fund shall—
Bo expended exclusively for educational purposes,
bavins special rel'crcnce to aiding in the establish-
ment and usefulness of common schools among freed-
meti anil refugees.
Shall be expended exclusively for educa-
tional purposes." How? In the discretion of
the bureau of education, paying such salaries
as they choose, to whom they choose, and
without any limitation, check, or regulation
whatever. The funds may be expended in con-
tributions to aristocratic colleges, in gifts to
corporations for the erection of buildings which
may enrich the stockholders, but where the
poor, the lowly, and the humble may never
enter.
First of all, if we must provide for education
in this way let us take care of the poor.
The bill goes on still worse. 1 n section four
it is provided that—
All buildings repaired or constructed, in whole or
in part, undei the direction of the Commissioner of
the Freedmen's Bureau, and now hold by municipal
or State authorities, societies, corporate bodies, or
trustees, for educational purposes, or funds arising
irom their rental or sale, shall be l'orcver applied to
and used for such purpose.
And that theyshall make reports to the Com-
missioner of Education. This bill proposes to
take under the charge of the bureau of edu-
cation every institution and building of the
classes named which has been organized or
erected during the existence of the Freedmen' s
Bureau, and to fasten all these upon the coun-
try with indefinite appropriations hereafter to
carry them on. That is what it means. Step
by step this bureau of education is grasping
ior power, and the modest pretensions with
which it set out are now thrown aside, and
soon it will be demanding its annual millions
of money.
This bill provides still farther that the Sec-
retary of War " may designate some officer of
the Army to discharge the duties arising under
the foregoing section, (five ;") and in that sec-
tion it is provided that the collection of boun-
ties, &c., shall go on under the direction of
the War Department, continuing substantially
on this subject all the provisions of the Freed-
men's Bureau long after thenecessity has gone
by which gave rise to them.
Then it is provided, in section seven, that—
All clerks, messengers, and employes of the
Freedmen's Bureau, except such as the Secretary
of War shall retain for the purposes of this act, are
hereby discharged.
He may retain them all, in his discretion,
and employ just as many clerks, messengers,
and agents as he may choose.
It is provided that an Army officer may be
selected to take charge of certain duties. Here
are provisions just such as we ore having in a
variety of other bills to make places for Army
officers whom we are seeking to retire, and
who ought to have been retired some iime since.
And no man can tell how many hundred or
thousand clerks, messengers, and employes are
to be fastened on the Treasury under this bill.
Tlu: time has come when the people have a
right to demand that these expenditures shall
cease, and for one T demand that an end be
put to them.
This bill iri its general purposes is of doubt-
ful constitutionality, isunneeessary, will squan-
der the public means, increase the public ex-
penses, and lay the foundation for the expend-
iture of untold millions hereafter.
If we must expend the national treasure for
educational purposes let the money be directly
granted to States for common schools for chil-
dren needing our fostering care. This will aid
and encourage common schools which might
otherwise be inefficient or fail, and the benefits
will be felt by the lowly, the humble, and the
poor.
Without common schools republican gov-
ernment, cannot be maintained. They should
and must be established and maintained all over
the land. The States should make the neces-
sary provision for all this. If any one cannot,
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 14G.
let us aid it. If any one can but Will not, let
us perform the work and impose on its prop-
erty and people the means to do it effectually.
These in brief are my views, and I believe
they will "stand the test of human scrutiny,
of talents, and of time.''
[Hefe the hammer fell.]
Mr. ARNELL. I now yield five ftiinutes to
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. SHAKES. J
Mr. SHANKS. I rise to say a word or tfvo
in reply to the gentleman from OhiO, [Mr. Law-
rence.] He insisted that if we attempt to
appropriate this fund for the purpose of the
education of these freedflien we necessarily
place ourselves in the predicament of under-
taking to legislate in the same way for all the
people of the country. I ask him whether,
because we have made some appropriations for
the benefit of agriculture, We have assumed to
take care of the whole farming interests of the
country?
Now, Mr. Speaker, if this bill is not passed
this $800,000 of money will go exactly where
this bill asks you to put it. By the legislation
on your statute-book now that amount was
appropriated for the purpose of educating freed-
inen and refugees. This hill does not change
that purpose, but by an amendment recently
offered by the chairman of the committee of
which I am a member [Mr. Docicery] this
money is to bo securcd for that purpose only.
At the time that money was appropriated,
amounting to nearly two million dollars, i t was
for the purpose of educating over four million
people just brought from a state of bondage
into a state of freedom. Now, has there ever
been any time in the history of the world when
four million people have been educated as
cheaply as these have been ? This system has
educated over two hundred thousand students,
taken them from the tnass of people brought
from slavery into freedom, kept them contin-
ually at school, and cared for them up to this
time. This bill proposes that this money shall
be held sacred for the purpose for which it was
appropriated, to educate the freed men and
refugees of the country, so that they may be
prepared for that position in society which,
thank Almighty God, was on yesterday pro
claimed to this House as their condition from
this time henceforth. I hope this bill will pass,
and I trust that the minds of members will not
be governed by the fear that we will take hold
of the educational interests of the country. _
Mr. WELKER. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to inquire whether
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Dockeky] is nowpend
ing?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WELKER. Is the amendment offered
by my colleague [Mr. Wixaxs] also pending?
The SPEAKER. That amendment is also
I pending.
!j Mr. McNEELY. Is my amendment also
|i pending?
|| The SPEAKER. The Chair understood
;! that the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Ar-
|l xei.l] declined to yield for that amendment.
II Mr. ARNELL. I do not consent to have
that amendment offered. I now yield to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. HOAR. I would earnestly ask the House
to give their attention for twoor three minutes
to the precise provisions which this bill con-
tains. A few years ago the Congress of the
United States provided that the proceeds of
the sales of forfeited and abandoned lands
should be used to establish a fund for the re-
lief and education of freedmen and refugees.
Under the direction of a bureau created for
that purpose that fund has all been expended,
except about six hundred thousand dollars,
which Oil the 1st day of February last was
still remaining unexpended, but which has been
further diminished by subsequent expenditures.
Now, this bill proposes, not as the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] so wildly supposes,
to tax his constituents or the constituents of
any member here for the education of ahybddy
else, but simpiy that the fund oaefe set apart
fof that sacred purpose shall hereafter be ad-
ministered more economically, more securely,
and with greatfer safeguards by the Commis-
sioner of Education, which bfficst, by ati
Sihendment rfboiit to be offered,-is tci be sub-
jected in all his duties to rules and regulations
to be established by the; President of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
yield for a question?
Mr. HOAR, I hate faotifae for a question.
Tins bill also provides that the duty of aiding
the ignorant blacks and the widows and chil-
dren of deceased colored soldiers in obtaining
their pensions, which heretofore has been doiie
by the officers of the Freedmen's Bureau, shall
be continued, so far as it cah be, by officers of
the Army to be detailed for that purpose. If
this bill does not pass, then you will have two
bureaus to perform precisely the same duty.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I want to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. HOAR. I have no time to yield for a
question.
Mr. JFARNSWORTH. I want the gehtle-
man to state if this bill does not violate the
faith pledged by the Statute of' July, 3SG6,
which provided that whenever this bureau shall
cease to exist the sum remaining unexpended
shall be divided among the so-calted confed-
erate States who have made provision for the
education of their citizens without distinction
of color?
Mr. HOAR. No, sir, it does not. But if
this bill does not pass the entire remaining
portion of this fund will be used up by the
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau and
not a dollar of it will go into the Treasury.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. What
will he do with it?
Mr. HOAR. He will use it to aid institu-
tions of learning among the blacks, nnless this
bill shall pass.
Then, in regard to the fourth section of this
bill it is merely declaratory that the buildings
now owned by the States and counties and
other municipalities, and which the United
States have aided in building, shall be held by
those counties and States for educational pur-
poses, and they shall not have power to divert
them to any other purpose.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to give him one word of information?
Mr. HOAR. I have tried to inform myself
on this subject, and I decline to yield.
Now, Mr. Speaker, one word in answer to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mi*. McNeely.}
His argument has been an attack npon the
policy which Washington and which Jefferson,
the great Federalist and the great Democrat
of their day, repeatedly urged upon the Con-
gress of the United States. They concurred
in the urgent recommendation, and President
Grant yesterday reiterated their recommenda-
tion, that Congress should make provision to
the extent of its constitutional power 
Mr. McNBELY. Will tbe gentleman yield
to me a single moment? I yielded to him.
Mr. HOAR. Certainly, sir.
Mr. McNEELY. I want the gentleman tc
name to this House a single bill passed by
Congress and advocated by Washington or Jef-
ferson which proposed to interfere with the
jurisdiction of the respective States in the mat-
ter of education as this bill does. They pro-
posed to do nothing more than to give to the
States public lands for the distribution of wlneli
for educational purposes the States themselves
should provide. That was the extent of the
constitutional power of Congress. . .
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, m the original
draft of the Farewell Address Hamilton
omitted this topic of education. Washington
returned the draft to him with a statement of
his regret that* the topic had not been alluded
