mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
41st Cong....'2d Sess.
Paving of Pennsylvania Avenue—Mr. Knott.
Ho. 03? Reps.
waylays the unsuspecting foot-passenger upon
every "corner of the streets. [Laughter.] If,
therefore, those who are benefited by the loca-
tion of the seat of government here should not
on that account be held responsible for the
improvement of the city, upon whom does that
responsibility rest? Upon your constituents,
or upon my constituents, or upon anybody out-
side of the corporation of Washington?
Mr. COOK. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky yield to me to make a motion that the
committee now rise, in order that I may ask the
House for a session to-night?
Mr. KNOTT. I will yield to the gentleman
to make that motion, in order to ascertain the
will of the committee in that regard, though,
so far as I am myself concerned, I would pre-
fer to conclude what I have to say now if it is
agreeable to the committee.
Mr. COOK. Then I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
The question was taken upon the motion of
Mr. Cook ; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. KNOTT. Yes, Mr. Chairman, let us
beautify and adorn "the capital of the nation.'!
It is true, as has been stated, that the Govern-
ment owns perhaps one half of the property in
the city. But, sir, if the inhabitants had done
one tithe in the way of improving their half
that the Government has done in adorning its
share the place would stand in no further need
of embellishment. For while the Government
has, as I shall presently show, contributed with
a most lavish munificence to the relief of the
necessities and to the promotion of the com-
forts and conveniences of the people of this
city it has been equally prodigal in ministering
to their agsthetical tastes.
I will say nothing of the splendid public
edifices which, although erected for its own
accommodation,reflect an immensely enhanced
value upon the property of the private citizen,
but simply call attention to the millions it has
expended in beautifying and adorning the pub-
lic reservations, which it purchased and paid
for to the original proprietors of the soil, thus
rendering this one of the most attractive cities
on the continent to the stranger, while to the
resident it has become one of the most delight-
ful abodes. If any gentleman entertains a
doubt upon this point let him walk through
Lafayette Square. Let him swing around the
circle south of the presidential palace, or stand
on the splendid esplanade in front of the Agri-
cultural Department. Let him snuff the fra-
grant air that hangs over the public gardens.
Lei him look at the broad promenades, paved
with immense flags of polished sandstone, the
wide and commodious drives, sweeping round
up an easy and graceful radius with the true
line of beauty. Let him tread the sinuous
foot-paths, laid with an elastic concrete of white
sea sand, bordered with shrubbery, that would
have lent new charms to Calypso's favorite
bower, and winding away in all the intricate
mazes of the Cretan labyrinth.
Let him do this, and he will find that the
Government has taken care so far as it is con-
cerned that no stain shall pollute the satin
•slipper of the favored beauty as she glides along
in r"ylph-like loveliness ; that no speck of dust
■shall settle upon the costly laces of her gor-
geous robe as she reclines in ecstatic languor
upon the downy cushions of her splendid car-
riage; that even the perfumed zephyr, as he
steals from beds of rare exotics, shall not kiss
her velvet cheek too rudely, nor the dancing
sunbeam taste the delicious fragrance that
exhales from her honeyed lips, [applause;]
while the toil-browned, barefooted daughter ot'
the honest, hard-working, tax-paying farmer
or mechanic in Indiana or Kentucky, in her
homespun gown, innocent of crinoline or
train, must—
" Skclpit on through dub and mire,
.Despising wind and rain and fire."
Understand me, sir, I am finding no fault
with the people of Washington about any of
these things. Ientertain nothingbutthekindest
feelings in the world toward them, and rejoice
to know that they are so fortunate as to have
the privileges of enjoying the fruits of the
Government's munificence in improving ''the
nation's capital." But I do hope that after
we shall have paved and lighted all their streets
for them, after we shall have supplied all their
houses with water, after we shall have con-
tributed in every possible way to their comforts,
convenience, and tastes, they will not insist
on our making an appropriation to pay salaries
to the little cast-iron niggers which I see some
gentlemen have put up in front of their houses
to hitch their horses to. [Great laughter.]
But, Mr. Chairman, I have heard one reason
very frequently urged for the passage of this
bill which candor compels me to admit almost
convinced me that we ought not only to appro-
priate this sum of $180,000, but any other
amount that might be necessary to repave
Pennsylvania avenue at the very earliest pos-
sible period of time ; and that is, that it is so
much used by the horde of office-holders that
throng the thoroughfares of this city, in num-
bers almost equal to the hosts which were
hurled with Lucifer from the battlements of
heaven. [Laughter and applause.] For, sir,
if there is a being on this earth for whose com-
fort and convenience I entertain theprofoundest
solicitude, if there is one whose smallest want
stirs my sympathetic soul to its serenest depths,
it is your office-holder, your public function-
ary. [Laughter.] When I see one of that
"noble army of martyrs" bidding adieu to
his home and all the sweets of private life, for
which he is so eminently fitted by nature, to
immolate himself upon the altar of his coun-
try's service for four long years, Homer's
touching picture of the last sad scene between
the nobie Hector and his weeping family rises
before my sympathetic imagination. [Great
laughter, j When I see him plunging recklessly
into an office of the duties of which he is pro-
foundly and defiantly ignorant I am reminded of
the self-sacrificing heroism of Curtius when he
leaped into the yawning gulf which opened in
the Roman forum. When I behold him sadly
contemplating his majestic features in one of
those gorgeous and costly mirrors which is
furnished liim at the public expense my heart
goes out to him in sympathy. When I see him
seated sorrowfully at a miserable repast of sea-
terrapin and champagne my very bowels yearn
for him. [Laughter.] And when I see him
performing perhaps the only duty for which he
is fully competent—signing the receipt for his
monthly pay—I am so overwhelmed with pity
for his miserable condition that I wish I were
in his place. [Great laughter.] When such
considerations as these, sir, have come crowd-
ing upon my mind, appealing to every gener-
ous sentiment of my better nature; when I
have thought how the official nerves of our
poor neglected public servants are racked by
" the car rattling o'er the stony street," 1 have
felt, under the sudden impulse of the moment,
that we ought to tear up the old cobble-stone
pavement on the avenue and supply its place
with one of the new-fashioned patent wooden
ones, over which the splendid carriages of our
Government officials with their coats of arms
and liveried outriders might glide as smoothly
and noiselessly as the aerial car of the fairy
queen through the rose-tinted clouds of the
upper ether. [Applause and laughter.]
But, alas, the House is estopped, Mr. Chair-
man, by its own action to entertain any such
considerations as these; for when my friend
from Ohio [Mr. MujfttEx] some time ago offered
a resolution inquiring how many carriages,
horses, harness, and other trappings of nobil-
ity the Government furnished its officials at its
own expense, it was promptly rejected, on the
ground, as I supposed, that it was a great State
secret, and that it should not even be hinted
to the plebeian tax-payers in the country that
our Government officials here ever rode in car-
riages at all, but that they should be left, to
indulge the innocent illusion that their self-
sacrificing servants here at " the capital of the
nation," bowed down by the cares of State or
the painful burdens of their own ponderous
intellects, plod slowly along, with eyes bent,
upon the ground, while their hearts are with
the loved ones far away. [Laughter.]
Sir, I would like to meet one of your con-
stituents (Mr. Paine in the chair) in his suit
of homespun butternut—pardon me, I believe
some wear butternut in your State. [Laughter.]
I say I would like to meet one of your honest-
hearted, patriotic old constituents, who feels
an honest pride in the fancied simplicity and
purity of our republican form of government,
down here at the junction of Pennsylvania ave-
nue and Seventh street, where the one-legged
veteran with his hand-organ grinds out his
wailing appeal to the charity of his patriotic
countrymen as they pass, when some gentle-
man high in authority sweeps by in his splendid
phsston behind a spanking span of thorough-
breds, driven by a flunky dressed in a df-ab
overcoat and a stove-pipe hat, with a silver
buckle in front of it almost as big as a garden
gate. [Laughter.] I would like to see him
open his eyes and stare at the passing pageant.
I think I can see him now watching the glitter-
ing equipage. As it fades away in the dim
perspective the old man turns slowly away,
muttering "sic transit gloria miuidi,'' and
the maimed soldier strikes up, "That's the
way the money goes; pop goes the weasel!'''
[Laughter. ]
Yes, sir ; I would like to accommodate our
office-holders with a smooth and commodious
pavement; but as I honestly think we cannot,
thebest advice I can give them is, if they cannot
stand it to resign. The whole country will ap-
prove their indignant resolution. [Laughter.]
But, sir, 1 have heard it frequently and per-
sistently urged that we ought to appropriate
this sum for the improvement of Pennsylvania
aveuue, because a large portion ot' the city
was given to the Government, and, therelore,
there is an obligation resting upon the Gov-
ernment to assist those who did the Govern-
ment the favor to come here and buy cheap
property in a new city. Now, 1 propose to
show how much was given to the Government
in that transaction and how much it has .since
paid for the gift. It is true that when this eitv
was located as the seat of Government each
alternate lot was donated to the General Gov-
ernment and the others retained by the pro-
prietors of the soil. It was stipulated, however,
that out of the proceeds of the sale of the lots
thus donated the Government should pay for
such portions of the city as it reserved lor i'.-
own use, at the rate of §66 60S- per acre. The
number of lots donated was ten thousand on-
hundred and thirty-six. Of these there wen
sold prior to 1802. six thousand four bundled
and f'orty-one, for the sum of §642,CS2. From
that time to 1883 other lots were sold to th"
amount of §98. o41. The remainder of lots wer-
in litigation at that time, and whether they haw
been sold or not I do not know; but suppoj>i!;;
they were, I have estimated their probable pro
ceeds at §110,000. The whole amount realized
by the Government from the sale of these lot-
may therefore be safely set down at §851,024.
The Government reservations, amounting to
five hundred and forty-one acres, one rood, at.ii
thirty-nine poles, at §GG Glif per acre, cost n.
round numbers $30,099. Besides this the Go\-
ernment made the following donations out of
the money actually realized from the sale ot
these lots: to Columbia College, $25,000;
to Georgetown College, $25,000; to St. Vin-
cent's Orphan Asylum, $10,000; to the Wash-
