1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
5153
Mr. SHERMAN. Willyourenew the motion?
Mr. CONKLING. I will resign the floor
to the Seuator to renew it before X- sit down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
hot in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Ohio withdraw his motiou?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think I ought to
do so, because th.e Senator from Massachusetts
will not consent to allow it to be made again
without his being heard.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator will allow
me to say that when I have the bill in charge
it is a very liaid thing to refuse to allow me a
word.
Mr. SHERMAN. I admit that.
Mr. CONKLING. I will resign the floor to
the Senator to make it, or I will renew the
motion if the Senator requests it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; Iwithdrawit.
Mr. CONKLING. I-desire to say this: the
Senator trom Ohio, in no unjust terms, it seems
to me, has said that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is engaged by an act, which he will
pardon me, i hope, for denominating an act
of self will,_ in defeating the purpose of a
great majority of this body to consummate a
simple, practical, and urgent measure. If the
question were whether theSenator from Massa-
chusetts should abandon altogether his amend-
ment or not it would give rise to a question of'
principle upon which couvictiou might stand;
but when tlie question is whether it shall be
interposed against this measure, to which it
pertains no more than it does to many others,
1 submit that it is simply a matter of practical
wisdom in the expedient and orderly conduct
of business.
Now, agreeing with the Senator as I do, I
come to his next remark. What is that? He
says a single Senator being determined to block
this business, the only way is to do—what? To
lay this bill on the table, thus to have the Sen-
ate consent and conspire with the Senator from
Massachusetts to consummate, if not his pur-
pose, the injurious effect of the amendment
which he offers. How is that? The Senator
from Ohio says that overtopping and overmas-
tering the ditiiculties that stalk high headed in
the land now are the dangers which menace
the ballot-box. 1 agree with him. And ought
not the Seuator rather on thi t day, this excep-
tional day, this extra day of legislation, to say
we will vow to each other that we will sit. here,
not leaving our seats until we erect a barrier
between these overmastering dangers and the
ballot-box which is threatened?
Certainly they should say that, I submit, Mr.
President; and 1 submit to the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, in connection with it, a littie
fact of parliamentary history. On Saturday a
motion was made to adjourn over this day alto-
gether, and the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Finance, with the tax bill pend-
ingjust, as it is now, joined those who supported
that motion and voted m its favor. In spite
of that, vote we saved this day lor legislation—
a holiday wlncn is to be devoted to work to-day,
only upon the principle, I suppose, that work is
worship sometimes. We have rescued this day.
which is dies 11011 in the parliamentary calen-
dar ordinal ily ; and i say to the Senator from
Ohio that having been willing, us he was on
Saturday, to lose to-day altogether, be ceiiaiuly
ought not to object now to our dt voting it to a
purpose so great, and so beneficent as must be
a purpose which stands between da,tiger such
as he has deseiibed and tin object-so much to
be cher shed as the ballot-box is to be in a
republican government.
Now, Mr. President, although 1 must renew
the motion to lay on the table, or assign the
floor to the honorable Senator from Ohio to
renew that motion, without multiplying words
I appeal to the Semite, nay, 1 beseech the Sen-
ate—and 1 hope too much zeal will not be
attributed to me — 1 beseech the Senate to par-
don something to the circumstances and the
occasion, and not turn the State of New York
41st Cong, 2d Sess.—No. 323.
out of court without day again to obtain police
regulations, without which our popular elec-
tions are a satire upon republican government.
Let us have the 4tjh of July to sit. here to bear
the Senator from Massachusetts demonstrate
not only lhat the word "white." should be
expunged from the naturalization laws, but
that conscientious conviction and high toned
legislative discretion compel him to say, "I will
not withdraw it; 1 assert my right as an indi-
vidual member to thrust it in here and to say
this bill, with which it has nothing to do, shall
be paralyzed and palsied before I will wait
until to-morrow or the appearance of another
bill upon which to ingraft this amendment."
Let us hear him demonstrate the fitness, the
good sense, the exalted judgment of such a
determination. And when he has demon-
strated it clearly to the apprehension of this
body, or when, peradventure, he has failed to
show the utility of his course, let us, as jurors
sitting here and waiting for the opportunity,
vote upon the amendment of the Seuator from
Oregon; and if it prevails, then upon the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu
setts, as amended ; and taking the sense of
the Senate in that regard, let us then come to
the two provisions of this bill guarding the
rights of all the people to hold their public as-
sizes unawed by mobs, and to record their ver-
dict uuforged and unperverted by the stealthy
lingers of fraud.
We can make no better use of the day than
lhat; and 1 hope the Senate will stand by me
in adhering to this bill, in maintaining our
positions here until we get a vote ; and then
we will take up the tax bill, the Finance Com-
mittee having lost only lhat day which the
chairman ot the committee consented to lose
by an adjournment over, and the cause ot
public right and republican institutions will
be great gainers by the achievement of a pro
vision which looks so much to the public weal.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me ask the Senator
a question before he concludes. Will the Sen
ator and the friends of this bill agree tha,t on
to morrow, at twelve o'clock, or that at the
cud of this day, the tax bill shall be regarded
as the unfinished business?
Mr. CONKLING. For one, as far as I have
any warrant to agree for others, and certainly
I have in my own right, I will agree to that;
and 1 will say to the Senator in candor that if
by the end of this day we canuot pass this bill,
1 think it would be asking too much of his good
nature to allow us to trench further upon that
time which he rie^ds.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate that we shall go on with the
tax bill, whatever else may come up, 1 shall not
object.
Mr. CONKLING. At the end of this day,
whenever it may be.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Chair to
put that question, and let us have one unani-
mous consent.
1 he PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the proposition made by the Senator
from Ohio. It ts that to morrow at twelve
o'clock the tax bill shall be proceeded with.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not. see any propriety in
making these arrangements at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is an exceptional
case.
Mr. DAVIS. I have always sat here in the
Senate 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the proposition made by the Sen-
ator trom Ohio that to-morrow at twelve o'clock
the tax bill shall be proceeded with?
Mr. THORMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope aiy colleague will
not object.
Mr. THURMAN. Let me say one word. I
presume that the Senator from New York,
who has charge of the bill now pending, can-
not, suppose, after having made two speeches
this morning upon the bill 
Mr. SHERMAN. If my colleague will agree
to this airangement I will step out of the con-
test and leave him the whole day to make his
reply to the Senator from New York. I appeal
to hiiri to allow the arrangement to be made.
Mr. THORMAN. I wish my colleague
would allow me to go on and finish what I
have to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
from Ohio cannot be interrupted without his
consent.
Mr. CONKLING. I had the floor all the
time. 1 yielded to theSenator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman*,] but 1 will yield to the other Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Tjiurmak] with pleasure.
Mr. THURMAN. lbegpardon; Ithoughfc
the Senator had concluded.
Mr. CONKLING. I only wanted to keep
up the continuity of action.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The floor
must be assigned by the Chair, and it cannot
be assigned by one Senator to another. The
Chair awarded the floor to the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Tiiurman.]
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope the Chair will put
the question on granting unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Tiiurman] yield the
floor ?
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say a word. I
was saying when interrupted that, I do not think
the Senator who has charge of the bill now
pending, after having made two speeches in
favor of the bill as it now stands this morning,
can expect that, the agreement in respect, to
five minutes' speaking and the taking of the
vote is any longer in force.
Mr. CONKLING. 'There never was any
agreement about five-minute speeches on this
subject.
Mr. THURMAN. No; there never waf.
The Senator is right about that. Then he can-
not expect that ttie debaie is at an end after
the speeches that have been made, first the
long and elaborate speech of the Senator from
Nevada, and then by the Senator himself this
morning on two occasions. Now, I am very
anxious nut to waste anytime. I do not know
that I have a. word more to say, although I t ouid
say something on these two sections. I am
willing to forbear saying any thing myself; but
1 do say, after what has taken place, I am
ready to maintain the right of any Seuator just
as long as his sense of propriety dictates to go
on and speak on this proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope the question will
be put to the Senate ou granting unanimous
consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question to the Senate'on the prop-
osition of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 wish to say one wotd. I am
ready to consent that the tax bill shall be taken
up at any moment, and always have been. I
feel, after what has taken piace, that 1 have the
right to say something upon the new proposi-
tion which has come ui as an amendment to
the bill which the honorable Senator Irom New
Y'ork has so much at heart, and 1 am not, will-
ing to compromise my right in any way to
debate that new proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The propo-
sition betore the Senate is that by unanimous
consent to morrow at twelve o'clock the Senate
proceed with the tax bill. Is there objection
to that proposition ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Kentucky has just made an objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, he does nut object.
The PRESIDING OrFiCEtl. Is there
objection to the proposition of the Senator
fi'inn Ohio? The Chair hears'no objee'ion;
and it is agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Nov/ I withdraw the mo-
tion to lay on tlie table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Q'hepending
amendment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
