4210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
executive session.
Mr. CAMERON. Now I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. In executive session the time at
which the recess should begin was extended
for half an hour. At five o'clock the doors
were reopened, and the Senate took a recess
uotill half-past seven o'clock p. m„
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to pass over all
other orders and take up Senate bill No. 4G9.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suppose the Senator will
accomplish what he wants and receive a much
heartier support if he will move to pass over
the present order and proceed to the consider-
ation of the general Calendar.
indian appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The bill (H. R. No. 1109)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations (so called) with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
80, 1871, and for other purposes, is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I beg that Sen-
ators will not interfere with the appropriation
bill.
Mr. HOWARD. This is a small railroad
bill that ought to be passed.
Mr. MORRILL, oi Maine. If the Senator
ever intends to allow this appropriation bill to
be finished, I hope lie will not interfere with it
now. This .is tho sixth day on which I have
been struggling with this bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; Mr. President,
f cannot resist the bill of my good friend from
Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am very glad
you cannot; I am obliged to the Senator.
Mr. HOWARD. His appeal is perfectly
irresistible, and so is his bill. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Indian
appropriation bill is before tho Senate as in
Committee of tho Whole.
Mr. COLE. I wish to offer an amendment
to the bill, if no amendment is pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment is now pending.
Mr. COLE. I offer an amendment, which
I had printed on the 4th or 6th of the month,
to insert at the end of the first section of the
bill:
For thia amount, or so much tboroof as may bo
necessary to pay the indebtedness incurred for tho
Indian scrviee in California in tho years I860, 1861,
386:2,186:,', 18(31,1803, 186(3, and 1867, $75,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that from a committee?
Mr. COLE. No, sir; not directly; butitis
with the consent of the Committee on Indian
Affairs. I will explain it if any Senator desires.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Lot us have it explained.
Mr. COLE. This indebtedness occurred
during tho years mentioned in the amendment
itself, I860, 1861, 1802, 1803,1804, 1805,1800,
and 1867. I have in my hand an executive
document of the House of Representatives,
No. 200, Fortieth Congress, second sessio n
and on the third page of it I find precisely this
item recommended by the Department. It is
there headed, "Estimate for an appropriation
to meet the outstanding indebtedness of tho
Indian service in California."
These claims have been coming in piecemeal
for a long time. An investigation was had by
the Interior Department two years ago, or about
that time, in which, as will appear from the
latter part of this document, a large number
of these claims are in existence. Some days
ago I mentioned some one or two of them that
I remembered. ,T. D. Arthur & Son's is on
the list. I hold in my hand a list of indebted-
ness to persons and firms, amounting in num-
ber to eighty-nine under one administration
of the Indian department. Another one, that
of A. P. Hotalling, was reported in this bill as
an amendment and disagreed to.
It has been a subject of complaint on my
part, as well as on the part of others in Cali-
fornia, that the appropriations for the Indian
service in that State have been uniformly inad-
equate to meet the requirements of the times.
That seems to hare been the case during these
seven or eight years mentioned, for the Indian
service in each of those years fell behind to
some amount, more or less. The total, how-
ever, reaches to not a very great sum, though
running through so many years. This indebt-
edness accrued during the administration of
Indian affairs there by some four or five differ-
ent persons. 1 ask the attention of the Senator
from Vermont to what I am saying, if he will
give it to me, inasmuch as he raises a ques-
tion. It occurred during the administration
of the Indian service in California, extend-
ing over two presidential administrations, and
through the administration of several super-
intendents.
Mr. EDMUNDS. To whom is this money
owing?
Mr. COLE. If the Senator will look at the
latter part of the pamphlet 1 have handed to him
he will see a large number of persons named.
I find one list amounts to eighty-nine of indebt-
edness that occurred under Superintendent
Austin Wiley. I find items amounting to thirty-
six under the administration of Charles Maltby,
and if the Senator will look he will find each
item specified, and exactly the cause of the
indebtedness mentioned.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is a private claim. Why
does it not go to the Committee on Claims in
the regular way, to be investigated there?
Mr. COLE. It is no more a private claim
than any other claim duo by the Indian depart-
ment in the settlement of indebtedness due to
different persons. T concede that that is the
case ; but it is certainly no more obnoxious to
a rule of the sort alluded to by tho Senator
than almost any other of the appropriations
made in the bill. They are all intended for
some individuals.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will pardon
me for suggesting that we have rejected, under
the rule, all those amendments which came
within the scope of indebtedness to private
persons. Tho point of order has been njade,
and they have been rejected, not on the ground
(as this may not be) that the claims may not
be right in themselves ; but the security of the
Senate, as a general rule, requires that such
matters be investigated by the Committee on
Claims. I do not mean to say anything to the
prejudice of these claims ; but I do not think
they oughtto be put upon the appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. They have been investigated
in a manner by the authority of the Depart-
ment, as will appear amply from the executive
document to which I have referred, and which
I hold in my hand. 1 was stating, however,
that this indebtedness occurred hnder several
different administrations of the Indian service
up to the year 1807. When the late incum-
bent of that office, who was appointed about
the year 1807, I believe, went into the office
he received instructions—I indeed made the
request myself—that he should confine his
expenditures strictly within the amount of the
appropriations, and by no means to go one
dime beyond it. I remember stating to him
by letter that this running behind ol the De-
partment in that State was very distasteful to
Senators and members of Congress, and that
we wanted to see no more of it.
I stated to him, as I remember, that if the
Indians suffered from starvation or by extreme
cold, or died from such causes, it would not bo
his fault, but the fault of Congress, and I be-
lieve that superintendent (and I have no doubt
the same is the case with tho present superin-
tendent) kept strictly within the appropriations.
But if any one wili take the trouble to look
into the items of indebtedness and will observe
how they accrued he will see tha', perhaps in
every instance, certainly in iip<triy eveiy in-
stance, the indebtedness accrued for indis-
pensably to the Indian service.
I will not now more than barely allude to
the fact that the appropriations for the thirty
thousand Indians of that State have been ex?
ceedingly meager; that we have not a single
Indian treaty for all those Indians, but that
while money he*) been appropriated by the
hundred thousand, and I may say by the mil-
lion, to meet treaty obligations, yet there has
been an almost entire neglect of those Indians
in that country with which treaties have not
been mude.
This, of course, is an injustice toward these
Indians; it is unfairness toward these Indians ;
and that fact of the meager appropriations made
in that way is the reason why these items of
indebtedness accrued from time to time for the
indispensable necessaries of the Indians, for
t'he purpose of saving their lives aud prevent-
ing them from perishing. The total amount
for all these years, I suppose, will be more than
covered by the amount of appropriation asked.
On the second page of this pamphlet 1 find
the amount that is summed up under the ad-
ministrations of Superintendents Hanson, (two
terms,) Wiley, and Maitby, and Sub-agent
Lewis amount to §57,249 72.
Not longago I received from San Francisco
a letter addressed to me by J. D. Arthur &
Son, a very respectable firm of that place, who,
it seems, furnished agricultural implements,
hardware, for some reservation, or more than
one reservation, asking what was tho reason
they could not be paid. I referred the letter
to the Department, and received from the De-
partment the following response:
depahtjiext ol' tub ixiukiok,
office of ixdi vx affairs,
Wasiiixgtox, D. C., Mai/'J, 1870.
Sm: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt,
by reference Jroin you, of letter of the 26th ultimo,
trom J.D. Arthur & Son, relative to their claim, (gainst
tho Indian service -within the California superin-
tendency. for supplies furnished Late Superintendent
Austin Wiley, in which they request to be advised
how they shati proceed to obtain their money.
Ill reply I have to say that by reference to Execu-
tive Document No. 200, second session h'ortioth Con-
gress, page 13, yon will observe that the claim of J.
I). Arthur & Son is scheduled as No. 80. The docu-
ment referred to forms tho indebtedness of tho Indian
service within the California sapenntcndcncy, in-
curred during the years 1860 to 18(37, for tho payment
of which there are no funds at. the disposal of tins
office, and there will not be until Congress shall make
tho necessary appropriation.
The letter of .T. D. Arthur & Son is herewith re-
turned.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. F. CADY,
Acting Commissioner.
Hon. C. Cole, United Slates Senate.
I have only one remark to add. The docu-
ment there referred to is the one to which I
have called attention; and I will add that the
appropriation contained in the amendment is
not specifically to pay any particular private
indebtedness. It is an appropriation to meet
such indebtedness as may be found to exisu
against the Department. It does not specific-
ally go to J. I). Arthur & Son, or Mr. Hotal-
ing, or any one of the one hundred and fifty
odd persons to whom indebtedness may be
found to exist, and it is to put the Depart-
ment in tho position of being able to pay to
the proper parties, no matter who they may
be, such amount as has been incurred by the
Department in favor of individuals.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does my friend think that
makes it so that the rule does not apply to it'!
Mr. COLE. I think it ought to do so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The rule says, "the ob-
ject of which is to provide for a private claim
but if tho Senator's suggeslion be correct, if
it was only one single case of a private claim,
all we should have to do would be to so frame
the amendment as to provide for such indeb'
edness of that character as might be incurred.
That would hardly do.
Mr, COLE. It is to enable the Department
