364
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Ho. op Reps.
Paving of Pennsylvania Avenue—Mr. Knott.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
ington Orphan Asylum, $10,000, making in all
$106,099. Upon the City Hall, jail, peniten-
tiary,' and other public buildings in which the
people of the District of Columbia were exclus-
ively interested, the Government expended,
prior to 1833, $221,895, which, added to the
sum already stated makes the sum of $327,994
actually expended out of this fund, and the
(most of it entirely for the benefit of the city
of Washington prior to 1833.
But this is not all. Since the organization
of the Government it has expended the sum
of $1,316,450 in paving the streets and ave-
nues of this city, and of that amount $561,570
have been spent on Pennsylvania avenue alone.
Besides paving the streets and avenues, the
Government has constructed at its own ex-
pense the Washington aqueduct to supply the
people of the city with water, which has
already cost $3,250,000, and you may take my
word for it now that that aqueduct will never
be completed under an additional outlay of
$1,500,000. Again, while every other city in
the United States is compelled to sustain its
own polico at its own expense, the Govern-
ment has expended since 18(31, 111 paying the
Metropolitan police of Washington, §1,180,000,
and remember that this does not include the
Capitol police, which is a separate organiza-
tion upon a distinct footing.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Nodoubtthey are to keep
Congress in its proper sphere.
Mr. DICKEY. The Government does not
pay for the whole of the Metropolitan police,
but only one half.
Mr. KNOTT. I take these figures from the
appropriation bills themselves.
Mr. DAWES. One million one hundred
and eighty thousand dollars is one half of the
cost of the Metropolitan police.
Mr. KNOTT. 1 do not care what the city
haa paid. 1 do know that wo have paid for
tha Metropolitan police in the last ten years
$1,180,000. I know there was an act of Con-
gress requiring tho city and perhaps the Dis-
trict to pay them something in addition to that
paid by the Government; and X am sorry I
have not the report of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings and Grounds for 1805, which
shows that the fines and forfeitures collected
by this polico foreo paid the city's proportion
for keeping up this police force, and $16,000
over. It was for tho city a money-making
operation to that extent.
Wo have not only done this, but within the
last few years we have expended in the light-
ing of this same Pennsylvania avenue tho sum
of $009,000, and not satisfied with that, in
the exuberance of our generosity, in a fit of
almost gushing munificence, we the other day
gave property in this city variously estimated
from five hundred thousand to one million
dollars in value ton. private corporation in this
city for the establishment of a hotel and mar-
ket-house, on the condition that they should
pay an annual rent to the city of $25,000.
Not a dollar going into the public Treasury,
but every cent of that rent of $25,000 a year
going into the coffers of this city.
Now, sir, adding up tho various figures I
have given you and deducting the amount that
tho Government realized from the lots given
to the Government, we have this balance of
$5,723,419 which the Government has abso-
lutely given to this city over and above the
amount we received from the sale of tho prop-
erty. Have we not paid enough, then, for the
glorious privilege of having the seat of Gov-
ernment here? I wish it understood that I
have no disposition to have the seat of Gov-
1 eminent removed; 1 yield to no gentleman in
my appreciation either'of the hospitality of
the citizens of this place or the glorious rem-
iniscences which cluster about its history ; but
I say to the people of this city, for whom I
have the very kindest feelings, if they wish the
city of Washington to remain the seat of Gov-
ernment they will have to stop this eternal
drain upon the Treasury of the United States.
If everything here must be done at the expense
of the Government, the people of this country
will find a city where the people will improve
their own property at their own expense.
But, Mr. Chairman, in my judgment there
is more in this measure than seems to be vis-
ible on the surface. I think, sir, it contains
the materials for another of those never-end-
ing repasts for the hungry flock of small
retainers who hover like vultures about this
capital to prey on governmental garbage, and
for which there must be paid out of the public
Treasury an unlimited amount of money. Lay
not, I beseech you, the flattering unction to
your soul that because the amount to be
expended in this project appears to be lim-
ited to $180,000, that it will stop there. I tell
you there is no power short of an omniscient
Providence that can foretell what the Gov-
ernment will eventually have to pay for the
improvement of this avenue if it undertakes
it at all. It is true, that assisted by the won-
derful powers of science the astronomer can
sit in his closet and tell precisely at what
moment, and at what particular part of the
sidereal heavens a comet will reappear, who
has been absent a thousand years on his path-
less pilgrimage through the wilderness of space,
and true to the very letter of the prophecy his
fiery train flashes upon our vision. lie tells us
there hangs upon the confines of our system a
nameless planet, so faraway in the dim regions
of the outer universe that mortal eye hath never
seen it, Weturn the telescope upon the point
ho indicates, and there is the stranger world,
which has swept on in silent grandeur unseen
by man since creation's morning dawn. He
predicts a total eclipse of the sun a hundred
years in tho future, and names the exact time
and place upon the earth at which the sublime
phenomenon will first be seen, and, whether it
be upon the costly icebergs of Alaska or the
blood-stained soil of suffering Cuba, punctual
to the second the gigantic shadow falls upon
tho precise spot he indicates. But, sir, to fore-
tell what any public improvement about this
city will cost or when it will bo finished not
only defies the highest powers of mathemat-
ics, but is beyond the utmost range of human
conjecture itself. [Great laughter.]
[llere the hammer fell.]
Many Members. Go on ! Go on!
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to the
time of tho gentleman from Kentucky being
extended ?
Many Members. Nol No! Goonl Goon!
The CHAIRMAN. 'The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. KNOTT. Yes, sir,
"When tho stars shall fade away, tho sun himself
(Jrow dim with ago, and nature sink in years,"
then, and not till then, may you expect to see
one of these Government jobs completed and
the last deficiency bill passed to pay for it.
[Laughter.] To some gentlemen this language
may sound like hyperbole, butlwould ask them
to show me one single Government job around
this city that has yet. been finished. There is
tho Washington aqueduct, to which I alluded
a? while ago. That work wds commenced under
an appropriation made eighteen years ago, and
nearly every Congress since that time has made
appropriations, every one of which was con-
sidered sufficient to insure its completion,
until the Government has expended upon it
nearly or quite three millions and a quarter
of money. Yet, notwithstanding the work has,
since I have known anything about it, been
under the supervision of the most skillful and
faithful engineers, who, I am glad to say, I
believe have performed their duty honestly
and well, it is to-day unfinished.
But if this will not satisfy the most incred-
ulous that I speak within the bounds of sober
reason, I would ask how much has been ex-
pended and still remains to be expended in the
improvement of this building and the grounds
immediately around it, and when they will
likely be completed ? Sir, when I look out upon
these Capitol grounds, and see one half of the
year occupied in wheeling back upon these
terraces the dirt which has washed down dur-
ing the other half, I sometimes think that when
Virgil wrote his description of the punishment
of Sisyphus in hell he must have had a sort of
prophetic eye upon the superintendent of this
Capitol extension. [Great laughter.]
The fact is, when I came here three years
ago, and saw the scorpion scourge of Tisiphone
applied wifliout mercy to every one even sus-
pected of rebel sympathies; when I saw the
pale images of Washington, Hancock, Jeffer-
son, Hamilton, and otherdead heroes and sages
looking out upon me with their dull cold eyes
from every niche of this Capitol, while I fancied
that the ghosts of murdered States were flitting
through every corridor like "the unquiet shades
who haunt the Stygian shore," with the Con-
stitution prostrate and chained like the Titan
to his rock, with the vulture of faction rending
and tearing at its vitals, to my unsophisticated
imagination the poet's picture of the infernal
regions was so vividly reproduced that I should
have been certain that he meant Sisyphus to
represent the superintendent if'I had not known
that poor Sisyphus had to roll his own stone
and never got a cent for it, while the superin-
tendent had a large gang of well-paid hands
to do the work, and he was drawing a fat
salary for seeing them do it. [Laughter and
applause.]
Yes, Mr. Chairman, it is true, as remarked
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,]
that the Government has from time to time
expended large sums of money in paving the
avenues and streets of this city, and Pennsyl-
vania avenue in particular. But is that any
reason why we should continue to lavish tho
public funds in the same direction? If so, 1
would commend it to the special attention
of my esteemed friend from Ohio, the chair
man of the Committee on Retrenchment, [Mr.
Welker,] as a new and brilliant conception
in the science of political economy. Wherever
you find an abuse, wherever you find an ex-
travagant and unjustifiable expenditure of
public money, in order to correct the abuse and
save money all you have to do is just to go on
and double the outlay. I say I admit it is to
my mind a new and startling proposition in
political science: bu.t if it bo accepted by the
House as good and sound in this instance, it
will do to act upon in all others.
But, sir, there is another, and to nay mind
a sound and valid reason, why we should not
pass this bill, independent of the question of
the appropriation asked, and that is, that Con-
gress has already by law conferred upon the
city authorities full and plenary powers in all
such cases as this. Gentlemen will find, if they
will examine the amendments to the city char-
ter, that full power is conferred upon the cor-
porate authorities to do everything than can-be
required to construct and keep in repair every
pavement in every street and avenue in this
city, and I do protest against Congress resolv-
ingitself into a mere street commission, or even
creating a new board to do that for which am-
ple provision is already made by law.
Mr. Chairman, I have trespassed upon the
courtesy of tho committee I fear too long, cer-
tainly much longer than I had any idea of when
I commenced, [cries of " Go on!" " Go on 1"]
yet there are one or two thoughts further that
I would like to suggest. Suppose, sir, that we
do feel like exercising a liberal generosity in
this matter, are we in a condition to do so?
A wise and prudent business man who contem-
plates the bestowal of a large charity will bp
