THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
claims of poor nien^ those with Bmallolaims,
whenever the Court of Claims has acted on
their cases. But instead of that the gentle-
man wishes to strike outtbe provisowhich dedi-
cates this amount to the poor claimants, the
small claimants, and pat it all in one general
pool and advertisp& it, so to-speak, to such
claimants'as the gentleman from Indiana [ Mr.
HolmAn} has referred to, who have unjust
Claims, to come in and take it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLM AN. I rise mainly for the pur-
pose of referring to the practice in regard to
claim before this court prior to its present
organization. As it was originally organized
its judgments were reported to the House and
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
where the court unanimously decided in favor
of a claim as a just claim against the Govern-
ment; the appropriation was made; I had the
honor of beiirg a member of the Committee of
Claims to which these judgmentt'were referred
before the jurisdiction of the court was changed,
and bad Some experience in this matter, and I
never knew an instance where the Court was
unanimously in favor of the allowance of a
claim, and reported a :biH accordingly, that the
bill did not passboth branches of Congress.
The whole effect of this provision, which the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland-] would
strike out, was simply to postpone the time of
payment so that Congress should have time for
proper examination.
1 have some facts before me that illustrate
the propriety of this reasonable delay. I find
on the statute-book an act appropriating a
little over one hundred and eighty-three thou-
sand dollars to John C. FrSmont for beef fur-
nished to the Indians. And after this'act was
passed, I find in the judgments reported by the
Committee of Claims one judgment in favor
of General Fremont for $18,€00, and another
for $13,000, for beef furnished to the Indians.
Let me show thegentleman fromVermont how
this proviso would practically affect the draw-
ing of money from the Treasury. In refer-
ence to the judgments rendered in favor of
General Fremont, amounting in the aggregate
to $31,000, certainly there would be gentlemen
on this floor who would know that an act of
Congress had been passed giving General Fre-
mont $188,000 for feeding the Indians; and the
rendition of such judgments would promptly put
on foot an inquiry that might, perhaps, save the
Treasury from an improper payment of money.
I think that, considering the fact that these
claims are most all of {hem irregular, for all
the regular claims against the Government are
paid by the regularly constituted bureaus and
Departments of the Government, and con-
sidering the Various liabilities of such a tribu-
nal as this, not so much in its judiciary as in
the officers who are connected with it, to be
imposed upon, it is an exceedingly moderate
request on the part of the people of the coun-
try to Congress, that when large judgments
are rendered against them by this tribunal,
there should be a little time allowed the Rep-
resentatives of the people, before making the
appropriation, to determine whether the claim
was just or not. If there be no question of
the justice of the claim, the judgments will go
into effect and the appropriation will be made.
Therefore, not only in behalf of the country,
but upon the part of the claimants, this pro-
vision is extremely just, and there might be
many cases cited to illustrate it.
In regard to the case of the Stevens gun
claim, to which I have referred, the gentleman
ftom Vermont [Mr. Poland] very well knows
that there were certainly fitly gentlemen on
this floor who would have known that the case
was founded in a false and fraudulent demand.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. COOK. I renew the amendment to the
amendment simply for the purpose of making
a statement of fact which will verve to illustrate
the position taken by the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes,]
that these cases before the Court of Claims
we somewhat anomalous, and that sometimes
there is a difficulty io reaching and obtaining
the testimony that applies to it; and that the
difficulty is so great that the solicitor of the
Court of Claims'Cannot always ascertain the
truth.
Last week I received a letter from a soldier
in my district in relation to a certain quantity
of cotton captured during the war, and of which
he was one of the captors. He inclosed cer-
tain evidence - showing that the cotton was
marked in the name of the confederate States.
Now, this evidence, if true—about which I
know nothing—I think would demonstrate that
the cotton did belong to the confederate States.
The soldier wrote me that he had recently
learned that a claim had been made before the
Court of Claims for that very cotton, and he
requested me to see whether that was the fact
or not. : I went to the Court of Claims and
found that judgment had been rendered in that
very-case against the United States for more
than one hundred thousand dollars, which judg-
ment bad been appealed to the Supreme Court
of the United States and is now pending there.
I placed the evidence sent me in the hands of
the proper officer of the United States. This
may be a case, and probably is a case where
the evidence could not be brought to light in
time for the trial before the Court of Claims.
And in case an appropriation was asked to pay
the judgment it might very properly be reviewed
by Congress.
Mr. BECK. I rise to say merely that my
anderstanding of the reason for this action of
♦he Committee on Appropriations was this: by
the act making an appropriation for the ex-
penses of the year ending June 30,1869, we
appropriated $100,000 to pay judgments of the
Court of Claims, and by an act making appro-
priations for the year ending June 30, 1870,
we appropriated another $100,000 for the same
purpose. And so far as the present organiza-
tion of the court requires it that amount seems
to have been enough.
Now this court comes forward and asks for
an appropriation of -$1,000,000. To that we
answer "No; for the last two years we have
appropriated $100,000 each year, and that
seems to have answered your purpose for those
two-years. Now as you anticipate the render-
ing of judgments to the extent of $1,000,000,
and ask that $1,000,000 be appropriated for the
purpose of paying those judgments, we will
appropriate $100,000, as before, and then pro-
vide that itshall be used to pay claims only when
they do not exceed $5,000 each; and if any
larger sums are awarded by judgments of this
court, then let the parties come to Congress
for the money to pay them."
I ain unable to ascertain that the payment
of any well-established claim which has been
affirmed by the court has ever been refused by
this House ; and I do not think there is likely
to be any such case. Instead of appropriating
$1,000,000 indefinitely, to be swallowed up
perhaps by some claimant upon his own oath,
with no adequate opportunity on the part-of
the United States as the law now stands to
make answer, I think it entirely proper that we
should withhold all, except so much as has been
proved by the experience of the last few years
to be sufficient to meet the claims for small
sums, reserving to ourselves the opportunity to
examine cases where larger judgments may be
rendered, and to determine whether the judg-
ments have been fairly obtained. The pre-
sumption is, and ought to be, that there is
enough intelligence and virtue in this Congress
to make appropriations for such claims as are
honest, and to refuse payment of such as are
dishonest.
Mr. DAWES. I hope we shall now take the
vote.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
the motion of the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Poland,] to strike out the proviso, which
will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That no judgment of said court for any
Bum exceeding $5,000 shall be paid, unless the same
shall be specifically appropriated by Congress. But
this proviso shall not affect the right of any party to
appeal from a judgment rendered by the Court of
Claims to the Supreme Court of the United States.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Executive:
For compensation of the President of the United
States, $25,000.
For compensation to the Vice President of the
United States, $8,000.
For compensation to the Private Secretary, assist-
ant secretary, (who shall be a short-hand writer,) two
clerks of fourth class, steward, and messenger of the
President of the United States, $12,440.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to amend by striking out the paragraph last
read and inserting in lieu thereof the followin g:
For compensation to two executive clerks, at
(2,300 each, steward, and messenger of the President
of the United States, $7,440.
Mr, Chairman, in 1868-69 the total appro-
priation under this head, exclusive of that for
the Vice President, no appropriation being
then made for that officer, was $50,300. I
now propose, and I make the motion under
the instruction of the Committee on Appro-
priations, to make the aggregate appropriation
$36,400. I will state further that under the
last Administration there were in the execu-
tive office three clerks detailed from the Treas-
ury Department, whose salary was $5,200; so
that the expenditure under the last Adminis-
tration was $55,500 for the Executive, while
at this time the appropriation asked for the
same purpose is but $36,400.
The other day the honorable gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] made some strictures
npon the employment of certain officers of the
Army iri connection with the executive depart-
ment. 1 will state that there are thus employed
three officers of the A.rnay, two with the rank
of colonel and one with the rank of major.
Two of them are officers upon the staff of
General Sherman. Their, duties not requiring
them to be at this time at the headquarters
of the General of the Army the President has
employed them in the executive department,
and if he continues thus to employ them he
can save to Government the large sum which
I propose to strike out, and enabling him to
dispense with the appropriation for private
secretary and assistant, which I believe has
been made from time immemorial. By this
means we are enabled to strike off an appro-
priation of $6,000.
The committee will readily perceive that no
additional expense is incurred in consequence
of these officers being detailed at the execu-
tive department. They simply draw their pay
as officers. They draw nothing more than
though they were at the headquarters of the
General of the Army.
Mr. BUTLERj of Massachusetts. I will
ask the gentleman if this amendment is offered
with the concurrence of the President?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I an-
swer that it is, and I state further that the
President, actuated by the desire which has
always actuated him, from the time the army
of General Lee snrrendered to the present, to
reduce the expenditures of the Government
to the lowest possible amount, suggested that
this reduction could be made without im-
pairing the efficiency of the service. He is
desirous to dispense with everything in the
way of needless expenditure, especially when
it comes so near to himself as in this case.
And the policy he desires to have pursued
in regard to the executive department he
desires to have pursued in regard to every
other department of the Government, and
will second in every way in his power every
