2322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
to. Hamilton then inserted the sentence which
was quoted by President Grant iu the message
he sent to Congress yesterday, and suggested
that the farther urging of the topic would be
more appropriate in the next message of Pres-
ident Washington to Congress. Accordingly
the final as well as the first message to Con-
gress from the pen of General Washington
contained an urgent recommendation that Con-
gress should appropriate out of the public
money an endowment for a national univer-
sity at the seat of Government, and should also
go to the extent of its constitutional power in
aiding public education in other ways.
Mr. McNEELY. Not by appointing agents
in the States for the distribution of such school
funds.
Mr. HOAR. Of course, a freedmen's
bureau was not then in contemplation. I do
dot suppose that General Washington prophe-
sied either the rebellion or the Democratic
party, or provided for the enlightenment of
either.
Now, Mr. Speaker, when four millions of
our fellow-citizens from whom this nation has
stolen their work, their property, their man-
hood for three generations are at last placed
upon their feet, shall (his Congress signalize
the formal proclamation of the completion of
their enfranchisement by turning its back upon
the only scheme that any mail has to propose
for their enlightenment or education, and send
out at the same time to the American people,
who have declared themselves iu favor of uni-
versal education and universal liberty, a decla-
ration of the national Congress in favor of
ignorance?
It is easy to lind fault with tho details of
a measure like this. But the gentlemen who
attack this section, that clause, this comma,
that syllable of the bill, are those who never
come forward with any scheme of their own in
favor of these meu whom all their lives lliey
have been robbing of their wages.
The committee, consulting several other
committees of the House, consulting gentlemen
both in the administration of the Government,
and in the House who are interested in this
general subject, have brought forward the best
scheme tliey can devise for the disposition of
this fund and for cooperating within carefully-
guarded constitutional limits-—
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. ARNELL. I must now resume the
floor. I am instructed by the committee to
oiler an amendment, after submitting which I I
will demand the previous question. j
Tho SPEAKER. The amendments will be !
considered as pending, and tho previous ques- I
tion will operate on them in turn, if there bo j
no objection. The Clerk will read tho amend- '
ment. offered by the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Arnem.] on behalf of the committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add the following ,'11 a new section :
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That in the dis-
elinrco of all his official duties tho Commissioner of :
Education shall l>o subject to such rules and regula-
tions as may bo prweubod by tho President of the
United Stalc<.
Mr. ARNELL. 1 now demand tho previous
question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the bill and
amendments bo laid on the table.
Mr. h ARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Austell] allow me to
have rea'l by the Clerk the statute of July,
18GG ?
Mr. ARNELL. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Wisconsin. Is it in
order, Mr. Speaker, to move that th« bill be
laid on the table ?
The SPEAKER. That motion has just been
made by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
bcifjamiy.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This is
certainly a most remarkable bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think it is a very good
bill.
On the motion of Mr. Benjamin there were—
ayes G4, noes 5G.
Mr. ARNELL. I call for tellers.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let us have the yeas and
nays at once. I demand the yeas and nays.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
iu the negative—yeas 04, nays 92, not voting
6-1; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Arolier, Axtoll, Beaman,
heok, benjamin. Biggs, James Brooks, Burr, Calkin.
Cleveland, Crobs, tufiom, Dickinson, l>ox, Eldridgo.
Jarnsworth, 1<erriss, Knkelnburg,Gotz,Gibson, Gil-
nllan.Uriswold.IXaight, Ilambloton, Hawkins. Haw-
loy, llay, llolman. Johnson, Kolaoy, Kerr, Ifnott,
Lawrence, Marshall, Mayliam, McCormiok, Mc-
Neely, Josso II. Mooro, William Moore, Morgan,
Munffen, Niblaek, Oi'th, Paino, Potter, Itnndall,
Koadmg, liice, Scofiold, Shorrod, Slocum, Josoph
5V" ,,, Stiles, Stone, Bwann, Sweeney, Trimble,
J an iruinp.Wnvd, Cudwaludev C. Washburn, Wells,
Williams, and Wood—61.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arnoll,
Atwood, Ayer, Bank*, Ilcatty, Bennett., Benton,
Blair, Boles. Boyd, Buck, Buckley. Uuflinton, liur-
ilett, Benjamin K. Butlor, Cnssiitt.Uhurohill,Clinton
L. Cobb, Conger, Cowlos, Dawes, Dixon, Dockery,
Wonley. Duval. Dyer, lilii, 1'Yn-y. Fisher, (iarliotd,
Hale, Hamilton, Harris, Hays, lletlin. Hill, Hour.
Huge, Hooper, JriKorsoll, .Jonekes, Alexander II.
,3one?, Julian, Kolloy, LoukIii id^o. Majnaid, jMe-
l-nrtuy, MeOrary, iMoGrow, MolCon/io, INIoreur,
kiiakim 11. Mooro, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrcll,
Mycr*. Negley, U'Neill, Packard, Palmer, Perec,
Poland, Pomeroy, Proper, Knots, Sanford, Sawyer,
Schenek. Shank*, Lionel A.Sheldon, Porter Shel-
don, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, William
Suiytli, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Talle, Tan-
ner, Tillman, Twicholl,-Tynur, IJpson, Van Wvok,
Williimi H. Washburn, Wolker. Wheeler, John T.
Wilson, AY hums, and Witcher-—y:i.
NOT VOT INl! —.Messrs. Arnihi rong, Asper, Bailey,
I'ariiuin, Bingham, Bird, Bookei, Bowen, Oorgo
J\t. Brooks, 13 arc hard, .Roderick 11. Butler, Cake,
Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Ooburn, Cook, Uovode, Cox,
Davi.s. Diokey, Fitch, Fox, llaldeinan, ilamilI, Bea-
ton, llotchkiss, Thomas L. Jone,;, Judd, Kellogg,
Ketehnm, Knupp, hall in, Lash, Logan, Lynch, Mc-
fvec, Milnes, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissoy, Paekor,
Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Porter, ltoeves, ltidgway,
Rogers, Sargent, Sehutiiaker, Wortliington 0.
Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Strader, Strickland,
Strong, Townsend, Van Auken.Van Uorn.Voorheetf,
W llUmson, Willard, FugeneiU. Wilson, \Vinch ester,
and Woodward—04.
So the lloubc refused to lay the hill upon the
table.
During tho vote,
Mr. GKXZ stated that his colleague, Mr.
Woodward, wan conflued to his room by ill-
ness, aiul if present he would have voted in
tho affirmative.
Mr. CLEVELAND stated that It is collcaguc,
Mr. Bird, was paired with Mr. Dickioy, and
that'if present he would have voted in the
affirmative, to lay upon the table.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The SPEAK Ell. The morning hour baa
expired, and the bill goes over until Tuesday
morning next.
MHMISWlS-EMiCT rilOM TJSXAS.
Mr. I'AJNE. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. _ In pursuance of the instructions ot the
Committee of Elections, to whom were referred
tho credentials of Hcprescntatives-cleet from
the State of Texas, 1 report thein back with
the statement that the Committee of Elections
have examined the credentials of these gentle-
men ; that they arc all alike, and as to form
are satisfactory, and that they seem to estab-
lish a. prima facie right to seats upon the floor
of this House. I am directed to submit the
following resolution :
Resolved, That the oath of office ho now adminis-
tered to (i. W. Whitmorc, J. C.Connor, W. T.Clark,
and E.Dcgener, Eepresentatives-elcctfrom thofirst,
second, third, and fourth districts, respectively, of
tho fctato of Texas: Provided, That tho rieht of
any person to contest tho seat of cither of said Rep-
resentatives shall not be thereby impaired.
_ ATr. SHANKS. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me to move an amendment.
Mr. PAINE. I do not yield for the amend-
ment. I will hear it read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That John C.Connor bo notsworn in, but
that the contested case of Benjamin U, (Jratton vs.
John C. Conner, of the second district ol the Slate
of loxas, bo referred to the Committee of Elections
with instructions to examine and report upon the
case, both on the prima facie right to tho seat and on
its merits.
Mr. RANDALL. The Committee of Elec-
tions have decided on thq prima facie right.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Wisconsin yield for the amendment?
Mr. PAINE. I do not yield, and I do not
demand the previous question.
Mr. SHANKS. Then I take the floor aud
move the amendment. I ask the Clerk to read
the paper I send up.
The Clerk read as follows:
Texas—The record of J. 0. Conner, Democratic claim-
ant for a seat in Congress from the second (Texas)
district.
Tho following papers explain themselves:
State of Texas, Bowie county :
Personally appeared before me Willis G. Robin-
son. who, being duly sworn, says that Captain John
0. Conner, of the United States Army, in a speech
delivered by him at Boston, Texas, on the 20th day
ol'October, A. D. 1809, called the United States Con-
gress an illegal body, who ignored the Constitution
and trampled it under foot, lie told his hearers to
bido 1 heir lime, that there was " a power behind the
throne" that might rise in its might, overturn the
throne, and decapitate the king. During the same
speech he spoke of the military commission then in
session at Jefferson, Texas, asa tribunal sitting arbi-
trarily, without regard to right, over the lives and
tortunes of good citizens.
lie abo statod at the same time that when in com-
mand of Fort Mcintosh, Texas, ho asked leave of
nbsouoo of General Reynolds, then commanding the
mate of Texan, which was denied; but that disre-
garding his superior officer's refusal, be took one
and proceeded to New Orleans.
ile lurther stated that when brought before a
court oi inquiry for alleged cruelty to soldiers under
his command ho caused a suspension of further in-
vestigation by bribing witnessesol the United States
(Juvoi liiucnt who had been brought against him.
WILLIS U. ROBINSON.
Sworn to and nibscribed before me this 15th day of
r „ i .December, A. D. 1809. Witness my hand
n" a ml seal.
CHARLES F. ROBE,
Lieutenant United States Army,
County Judge, Bowie county, Texas.
L>r. Robinson is a Republican membor of the pres-
ent Legislature of Texas, and was a Union surgeon
during the war, stationed at Boston, Bowie county,
fexa.*.
titate of T'.was, Marion county :
Re it remembered, that on this, tho 20th day of
December, 18GU, personally appeared before the un-
dersigned authority, 13. D. Uoswoll, second lieuten-
ant eleventh miantry, brevet captain United States
Army, who, being duly sworn, deposes and says that
he is a native ot the State of Indiana, is thirty-two
yc.irs of age, i;- a second lieutenant in the eleventh
regiment of tho United States infantry, and for the
past year has been stationed at Jefferson, Marion
county, Texas.
Deponent states that on the 23d day of October,
I8U0, he was pre?en tat apublie meeting held in Free-
man s Hall, in the said city of Jefferson, on the date
above mentioned; thatsaidmeetingwas ofapolitical
nature, and foi Hie purpose of hearing John C. Con-
ner, captain United States Army, discuss the polit-
ical issues of theday; that said Conner, inthecoursc
ol his speech, said that ho had been assigned to tho
command of a post, garrisoned by negro troops, and
that he soon discovered that the only argument they
would comprehend was tho lash, and that he used it
freely in the good old Democratic style.
I hat there was complaint made, and that he tried
for some tune to get an investigation, and finally
succeeded in getting ordered before "one oi these
bcautilul things," a military court.
lie said that forty-five of the negroes he had
whipped were biought over four hundred miles at
Government expense to testi/y against him. Theday
before tho trial there was a circus in town, and that he
met thesaid nigger "soldiers on the street andasked
them it they wanted to go to the show. They said
yes; and that he gave them money to buy tickets, and
then asked them if ho had ever whipped them ?
A rcP,Hcd that if he had it had been so long ago
they could not remember it; and that these same
nigger soldiers that he had cowhided all went on
the stand and swore that if he had whipped them
it was so long ago that they could not remember it.
llo further stated that the result of his experience
was that niggers made poor soldiers butd—d good
witnesses.
Deponent further states that the said John C. Con-
nei stated that he then held a commission as cap-
tain m the United fetatcs Army, and which deponent
believes to bo true.
T> „ . B.D. BOSWELL,
Brevet Captain, Second Lieutenant Eleventh Infantry,
Sworn to and subscribed beforo mo this 20th of
fr „ i December, 18(59.
„ „ . A. G. MALLOY,
Brevet Colonel United States Army, Mayor,
Mr. SIIANKS. I want to present to the
House the character of this mail who asks to
be sworn in; and I wish only to say further
