5154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 4,
Mr. Williams, which was to insert at the end
of the bill the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing in. this aot shall be con-
strued to authorize the naturalization of persons
born in the Chineso empire.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 21, noes 30.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKXING. I wish to appeal to the
honorable Senator from Ohio to withdraw that
call, and I submit to him, as lie is always very
careful of the observance of the understandings
of the Senate, that this hardly comports with
the spirit of the agreemeut. The Senate has
voted, on a division, decidedly not to adjourn.
Now, the Senator does not want to cousttme
time by calling the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This motion
is not debatable.
Mr. CONKLING. I appeal to my friend to
withdraw the call for the yeas and nays; let us
go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call
will proceed, the yeas aud nays having been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 31; as follows:
Yl-jAS—Messrs. Abbott. Bayard, Boreman, Biown-
low, Chandler, Corbett, Davis, Fowler, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Johnston,
Lewis, McCieery, Fool, Itaiusev, Saulsbury, .Spencer,
8prague, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton,Trumbull, and
"V iekers—
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Carpenter, Conklins,
Drake, Edmunds, Oilbert, Hamlm, lluwe. Howell,
Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pratt, Hovels,
ltice, Robertson, lloss. Sawyer, Schuris, Scott, Sher-
man, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Warner, Williams,
ami Wilson—:U.
JBSKN
_[BSiiNT—Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Cameron,
Casserly, Cattell, Cole, Cragin, Kenton, 1'eri y, Flana-
gan, llarlan, Uoward, Norton, Osboin, Patterson.
Willoy, and Yates—17.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Oregon.
Air. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. You are safe enough to
let us vote, I think.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I believe the bill is now
in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
still before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. It has not yet been reported to the
Senate.
.Mr. WILLIAMS. I am very anxious to
economize time, and yet I am very desirous
to submit some remarks in reference to this
amendment which I have proposed. 1 believe
the bill is now in commitiee, and I am -willing
that the sense of the committee should be taken
upon this amendment without further discus-
sion at this time. But if the Senate should
vote down this amendment, as I hope and pray
they will not, then I shall feel bound to renew
it in the Senate, and to accompany it with
some remarks. For the sake of saving time,
therefore, I will allow the vote to betaken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say bat a word.
I am very sorry that the debate has been opened
at all, as I understand the agreement of the
Senate was that we were to vote without do
bate. All I wish to say in reference to this
proposition is that if the Chinese are permitted
to come to this country I am for incorporating
them as a part of the body-politic aud making
them citizens of this country. If you allow
them to come at all I do not want them here
as slaves or inferiors. I do not understand,
on the principle' upon which the great Repub-
lican party is based and on which it has tri-
umphed, how ivy are to refuse to admit as mem-
bers of the body-politic persons whom we allow
to come here and dwell among us. What is to
be their condition ? Are they to be slaves or
are they to be freemen? 1 understand our
policy is to make freemen of all the men of
this country. It the Senator from Oregon and
the Senator from Nevada are right, then refuse
them admission to this country; but if you
allow them to come, make them a part of the
body-politic. .
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from New York
has chosen to make an assault on me to-day
because in the discharge of my duties I do not
see my duty as he sees his duty; because on
this 4th day of July I choose to stand by the
Declaration of our fathers. For that. I am
impeached by the Senator from New York.
He presses me to postpone this proposition
until to-morrow. When, sir, will that to-mor-
row come ? Can the Senator tell ? Is he adept
enough to indicate the day or even the week
when a vote can be had on it? The Senator
knows, he must know, that if not voted on now
it will fail during the present session. The
Senator shakes his head; but he knows too
much of the business now before the Senate
not to see that I am right. What chance is
there of getting before the Senate the original
bill containing this proposition ? Why, sir, the
bill was introduced lirst. in the month of July,
18G7, now three years ago. I tried then to put
it on its passage, deeming it so simple that
there was no need of a relerence to any com-
mittee. The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Ed-
munds] prevailed against me by insisting that
it. should be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. It was referred, and there it slum-
bered until that Congress closed, thus sleeping
the long sleep.
On the 22d of March, 1800, which was in the
next Congress, 1 introduced the same bill
again— I have it before nw—and again it slum-
bered in the hands of the Judiciary Committee
until a few weeks ago, when at last it was
reported to the Senate. Then it took its place
on the Calendar, with the numerous other bills
there, important and unimportant, some very
important, all in competition with it.
What chance have 1 had for a vote upon it?
From the month of July, 18G7, down to this
'hour, Saturday was the first day 1 was able to
have a vote upon it; and now to day Senators
insist that I shall withdraw it and postpone the
whole question to some "to morrow," some
indefinite, unknown to-morrow.
"To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow,
(,'ieeps in this pet!y pacc from day (o day,
To the last syllable of recorded time ;
And all our yesterdays have lighted fools
The way to dusty deatli.''
Sir, 1 am not one of those " fools.'' I will
not postpone this question to any " to morrow."
The Senate will do as they please ; but, God
willing, they shall have an opportunity to vote
on it. Vote as you please, sir, but the time
has come for a vote.
Mr. President, this is not the only bill on
the Calendar which concerns the rights of
colored persons. There are two on the Calen-
dar and one now before the Judiciary Com-
mittee. Thefirst on the Calendar was reported
by me from the commit tee on I he District of
Columbia as long ago as February 8, 1870, and
is entitled " A bill to repeal the charter of the
Medical Society of the District of Columbia."
That society has been guilty of an act which I
have no hesitation, on all the testimony befete
us, in declaring to be one of infamy, lor which
they deserve the promptest judgment of Con-
gress, which shall take from them the power to
inflict indignity on their fellow-man. Enjoying
a charter from Congress which dedicates them
and sets them apart to the cultivation of med-
ical science, they have undertaken to excludc
persons otherwise competent simply on ac-
count of color. They have set up a test of
membership founded on color. The evidence
is in-efutable ; and yet I have been unable to
bring the Senate to a vote on that bill ; and
meanwhile colored physicians in this District
are subjected to the indignity of exclusion
from the society, and thus are shut cut from
opportunities of medical instruction.
There is another bill which I reported from
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
May 0, 1870, entitled "A bill to secure equal
rights in the public schools of Washington
and Georgetown." That, also, I have tried
in vain to press upon the Senate. There is
then another bill which T had -the honor of
introducing May 13, 1870, entitled tfA bill
supplementary to an act entitled 'An act to
protect all citizens of the United States in
their civil rights, and to furnish the means
for their vindication,' passed April 9, 1866."
This important bill was duly referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, but I have heard
nothing from it since. It slumbers on the table
of the committee.
Of all these measures which concern equal
rights, the only one which I have been able to
bring before the Senate is that under consid-
eration ; and 1 am no\v pressed to withdraw
it so as to avoid a vote. Why, sir, again and
again in other years have I been pressed in
the same way; again and again in other years
have Senators spoken to me and of me as the
Senator from New York was advised to speak
to-day, but it has not been my habit to yield,
nor have, 1 been alone, sir, in such determina-
tion. One'of the most beautiful instances in
parliamentary history, familiar, doubtless, to
the Chamber, is that motion of Mr. Buxton
in the House of Commons, in 1832, which de-
termined emancipation. The Ministry pro-
fessed to be against slaveiy; a large number
of the House of Commons made the samepro-
fession ; but they were against declaring it;
and when Mr. Buxton gave notice of a motion
in favor of immediate emancipation, Ministry,
members of the House, aud personal friends
came to liitn entreating that, lie should not press
bis motion, especially that he should not divide
the House. One of his family records in his
life, which I have in my hands, says:
" He was cruelly beset, and acutely alive to tile
pain of refusing them, and, as they said, of embar-
rassing all their measures, and giving their enemies
a handle at this tottering moment."
Then it is recorded of his friends in the
House :
"' Theyha ted,' they said, 'dividing against him
when their hearts were all tor lliia ; it was merely a
nominal difference; why should he split hairs ? lie
was sine to be beaten; where was the use of bringing
them all into dilHeulty and making them votoagainst
hmi ? Ho toJd us that he thought ho had a hundred
applications of this kind 111 the course of the even-
ing; in short, ne.uly cveiy Iriend ho had in the Hour o
came to him, atid by all considerations of reason and
friendship besought him to give way."'
On that occasion he wrote to the leader of
llie House of Commons, Lord Allhorp, under
date of May "22, 1832, as follows:
"Allow me, moreover, to remind you, that how-
ever insignificant 111 myself, I am the representative,
011 this question, of 110 mean body in this couutrv,
who would bo, to an extent of which 1 behove yo'u
have no idea, disappointed and chagrined at the
suspension ol the question."
Sir, in a humble way I may adopt this lan-
guage. 1, too, am the representative 011 this
qfiostion of no mean body 111 this country, who
1 know would be disappointed and chagrined
at the suspension of this question. The English
Emancipationist refused to yield ; he insisted,
according to the language of Parliament, ou
dividing the House, lie was left in a minority,
but that vote determined emancipation ; and
the Ministry and those personal friends who
had advised against his course complimented
huu upon that tiruiuess which had at last assured
the victory. '
I doubt if Senators a re aware of the practical
bearing of this proposition 011 the Atlantic sea-
board, and even in California. I said 011 Sat-
urday that I had letters from various parks of
the country attesting that there an; colored
aliens shut out from equal rights by that word
white" in our naturalization laws. I did
not then read the letteis; but as this debate
now promises lo extend, 1 deem it my duty to
lay some ol them before the Senate. Here is
one addressed to a Senator from Florida, dated
