1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2323
tliat the papers of the contestant are all filed
with the committee. I yield to thegentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
here an official copy of the charges on which
Mr. Conner was tried, with reference to which
trial he told the political meeting that he had
bribed the witnesses not to testify against him.
I send it to the desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
[General Orders No. 88.]
Headquarters Fifth Military District,
State of Texas.
Austin, Texas, MaylO, 1869.
I. Eeforo a court of inquiry which convened at
San Antonio, Texas, on Monday, April 19,1869, pur-
suant to paragraph V of special orders No.89. head-
quarters fifth military district, dated Austin, Texas,
April 15. 1869, and of which Brevet Lieutenant
Colonel Ilenry A. Ellis, captain thirty-fifth infantry,
is president, the following case was examined and
inquired into :
Captain John C. Conner, forty-first infantry.
Charge.—"Conduct prejudicial to good order and
military discipline."
Specification firnt.— 6 That Captain JohnC. Conner,
forty-first infantry, while commanding company E,
forty-first infantry, and the post of Fort Mcintosh,
Texas, did order Private Joseph Franklin, company
I'], forty-first infantry, to be 'bucked' in a cruel man-
ner, with his hands tied together and stretched over
his knees with a pole passing through under his
knees, and keeping him sitting on the ground in this
position from 'retreat' until eleven o'clock at night;
did 'flog' the said Private Joseph Franklin, company
E, forty-first infantry, at five or six different times
during this period, inflicting lashes with a raw-hido
whip whenever he cried aloud from the torture of his
punishment. This at or near Fort Mcintosh, Texas,
on or about August 5,1867."
Specification second.—"That Captain John C. Con-
ner, forty-first infantry, being in command of com-
pany E, torty-first infantry, and the postof Fort Mc-
intosh, Texas, did order Privates Edmund Kennedy
and Oajsar Scott, company E, forty-first infantry, to
stand up and hold out their hands at arms length
on a level with theirshouklers; and Private Edmund
Kennedy, company E, forty-first infantry, being un-
able to hold out his hands as directed—he having
lost the use of three fingers of his left hand through
cruel punishment inflicted by order of the said Cap-
tain John C.Connor, forty-first infantry—he ordered
Sergeant Simeon McNeely, company E, forty-first
infantry, to flog the said Private Edmund Kennedy,
company E, torty-firstinrantry, with a rawhide whip,
and stood by with a pistol in liis hand and saw a
number of lashes inflicted in a cruel manuer, caus-
ing his (Private Edmund Kennedy's) back to swell
so as to unfit him for duty, in consequence of which
he was excused from duty by the medical officer at
that post for a week after he had been flogged.
This at or near Fort Mcintosh, Texas, on or about
August 10,1867."
Specification third.—"That Captain John C. Con-
ner, forty-first infantry, being in command of com-
pany E, forty-first infantry, and the post of Fort
Mcintosh, Texas, did order Private Edmund Ken-
nedy, company E, forty-first infantry, to be punished
on the allegation that he had reported the facts of
his ill-treatment so that they came to the knowl-
edge of Brevet Brigadier General R. S. Mackenzie,
colonel forty-first infantry, and did have, order, or
permit the said Private Edmund Kennedy,company
E, forty-first infantry,to be'buckcd' in aerucl man-
ner, hanging him on a pole supported by two stakes,
leaving his body to swing above the ground, in which
position stones were placed on his breast to prevent
him from crying aloud from the severe torture of his
punishment, and stones under him to fall on in case
he should struggle and break the cord that was tied
around his wrists, which finally broke, and falling
on the stones he bruised his ftlbow so that he had to
carry his arm in a sling and was unfit for duty for
about ton days. This at or near Fort Mcintosh,
Texas, on or about December 8, 1837."
Specification fourth.—"That Captain John C. Con-
ner, forty-first infantry, being in command of corn-
pan} E, forty-first infantry, and the postof Fort Mc-
intosh, Texas, did order or permit Private Christo-
pher Minnegan, company E, forty-first infantry,to be
"bucked,'and the pole that passed through under
his knees to be placed on two stakes, leaving his
body swinging above the ground, and to be kept in
this position until he acknowledged the theft of can-
dles that he was accused of having stolen; that tho
snid Captain John C. Conner, forty-first infantry,
did have, order, or permit the said Private Christo-
pher Minnegan. company E, forty-first infantry, to
be kept 'bucked' and hung up in this cruel manner
from about nine o'clock a. m. until about ten min-
utes to twelve o'clock a. 111., during which time he
fainted several times from the torture of his punish-
ment; and that the said Captain John C. Conner,
lorty-first infantry, did order or permit the said Pri-
vate Christopher Minnegan, company E, forty-first
infantry, to be again'bucked' and suspended in a
similar manner, on the afternoon of the same day,
about fifteen or twenty minutes; in consequence of
which severe punishment the said Private Christo-
pher Minn cyan, company fO, foi ty-first infanti y, was
Enabled to perform any duty, and was, on the 31st
day of March, 1508, discharged the service of tho
United States, on account of physical disability aris-
ing from an accidental pistol wound in his hand, that
was sore and was still discharging when the punish-
ments were inflicted, and which was so aggravated
thereby as to cause his discharge. This at or near
Fort Mcintosh, Texas, on or about the 15th and 16th
days of December, 1867."
Specification fifth.—" ThatCaptain John C. Conner,
forty-first infantry, being in command of company E,
forty-first infantry, did order or permit Private Sam-
uel G-ibbs, company E, forty-first infantry, to be
bucked' in acruel manner, with the pole that passed
through under his knees placed on two stakes, leav-
ing his body swinging above the ground; in which
position he was kept suspended for about two hours,
until he fainted, and was nearly dead; in consequence
of which ho had performed no duty from the date of
his punishment, and was still reported sick on the 31st
day of March, 1868. This at or near Fort Mcintosh,
Texas, on or about the 5th day of January, 1868."
Findixg.
The court,having maturely considered the evidence
adduced, find that the evidence does not sustain the
charge,and the court consider further action unne-
cessary.
II. The proceedings and finding o/ the court of in-
quiry appointed to examine accusations made against
Captain John C. Conner, forty-first infantry, arc ap-
proved and confirmed. No further action in this case
will be had.
III. The court of inquiry instituted by paragraph
V, special orders No. 89, current series, from this
headquarters, and of which BrcvctLieutenantColo-
nel Henry A. Ellis, captain thirty-fifth infantry, is
president, is hereby dissolved.
By ordei of Brevet Major General J. J. Reynolds :
CHARLES E. MORSE,
Acting Assistant Adjutant General.
Official:
Irvin P. Baindridge,
Aid-de-Cam
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If, Mr.
Speaker, after acquittal on such grave charges
by a court of inquiry no other or new evi-
dence had appeared, 1 certainly should not have
troubled the House with any remarks upon the
subject 33ut evidence has been given showing
how this acquittal was procured, and the evi-
dence is contained in three or four affidavits,
showing the account given by Mr. Conner him-
self of the transactions on which these charges
were founded.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to a
question of order. Suppose all these charges
were true, suppose there had been a condem-
nation instead of an acquittal, the point of
order I make is that we are not to try the char-
acter, moral, pecuniary, or political, of Mr.
Conner, but to decide whether or not he has a
right to a seat here under his certificate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sees no point
of order involved. That is a matter for the
House and not for the Chair to decide.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I insist that
the Chair is bound, in the discussion of a ques-
tion of this nature, to keep gentlemen to the
point under consideration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
point to be raised that on account of the per-
sonal character or official bearing of this gen-
tleman he ought not to be sworn in.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. And itis there
I raise the point of order. I ask, is this House
to judge of the personal or political character
of its members? If so, what would become of
many of us?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is too old a parliamentarian to suppose
that the Chair can rule upon that point.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I understand
that it is for the Chair to assign proper limits
to the debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows no limit
to debate unless something irrelevant is intro-
duced.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I was
about saying, when the point of order was
raised, that 1 would not have gone back upon |
these charges unless Captain Conner himself
had given us too much light on the subject. I
hold in my hand this affidavit, which I will read:
State of Texas, Marion County ;
Be it remembered, that on this the '20th day of
December, 1869, personally appeared before the un-
dersigned authority, B. D. Boswell, second lieuten-
ant eleventh infantry, brevet captain United States
Army, who, being duly sworn, depooes and says that
he is a. native of tho State of Indiana, is thiity-two
years of aye, io a second lieutenant i<i i he eleventh
xegimeiit of United States infantry, n d for the past
year lias been stationed at Jefferson, Marion county,
Texas,
•,oPn0p,0nent stiltos that 011 to" 23d day of October,
18b9, ho was present at a public meeting held in
treeman s Hall, in the said city of Jefferson, on tbo
date above mentioned; that said meeting was of a
political nature, and for the purpose of hearing John
(J. Conner, captain Dmted States Army, discuss the
political issues of the day; that said Conner in the
course of I113 speech said that he had been assigned
to the command of a postgarrisoned by negro troops
and that he soon discovered that the only argument
they would comprehend was the lash, and that he
used it freely, in the good old Democratic style; that
there was complaint made, and that he tried for some
time to got an investigation, and finally succeeded
in getting ordered before "one of these beautiful
things," a military court. He said that forty-five
of the negroes he had whipped were brought over four
hundred miles at Government expense to testify
against him; the day before the ttial there was a
circus in town, and that he met the said "nigger"
soldiers on the street and asked them if they wanted
to go to the show. They said yes; and that he gave
each of them money to buy tickets, and then asked
them if he had ever whipped them ? They replied
that if he had it had been so long ago that they could
not remember it. And that tiiose same "nigger"
soldiers, that he had cowhided, all went on thestand
and swore that if he had whipped them that it was
so long ago that they could not remember it. He
further stated that the result of his experience was
that "niirgers" made poor soldiers but d—d good
witnesses.
Deponent further states that the said John C. Con-
ner stated that he then held a commission as captain
in the United States Army, and which deponent be-
lieves to be true.
Brevet Captain BEN.1. D. BOSWELL,
Second TAeutenant Eleventh Infantry.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 20th day
rr „ n of December, 1869.
LL' *-J . A. G. MALLOY,
Brevet Colonel United States Army, Mayor.
I have also here the affidavit of another non-
commissioned officer of the United States
Army, Charles B. Fullington, late sergean'.
company I, eleventh infantry, who swears he
was present at the meeting and heard the same
statements. He states the same things in
almost the same words. I have also here a
copy of charges and specifications preferred
against Captain Conner founded upon this very
speech. But he resigned before these charges
and specifications were brought to trial.
Now, here is the point we have to deal with.
This Mr. Conner, in the course ol'his personal
canvass for Congress, uses the fact that he
bribed witnesses before a duly organized court
to swear falsely as an argument why he should
have a seat in this body. Nov,', we have been
turning out a man for being bribed to appoint
a cadet, and I think we should be careful
about letting in a mail who will bribe witnesses
to commit perjury.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Will the gentleman
yield for a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I want to ask him a
question for the purpose of raising a question
of order. Are the affidavits which hehasread
ex parte affidavits, taken without notice to the
other party?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. These
affidavits are ex parte affidavits, so far as I
know without notice to the other party.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Then I raise this ques-
tion of order. The question before the House
is upon the report of the Committee of Elections
that this gentleman is entitled to his seat prima
facie. Objection comes from the other side by
way of affidavits simply ex parte without any
notice to the party to the contest, in the way
the case is now presented to the House it is
simply ajudicial question, and I raise the ques-
tion of order that the affidavits are not admis-
sible.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. . I do not
see any question of order. Suppose it were a
judicial question and I were moving a con-
tinuance of the cause, it could be done on ex
parte affidavits. I am now moving that this
cause shall be sent before that judicial tribunal
known as the Committee of Elections and
decided, and I have the power to use ex parte
affidavits.
Now, this is the testimony of four men i
have read the affidavits of twoof them, and the
affidavits of the other two hare been read at
the desk, and they distinctly declare that in a
