68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
of the newspaper offices, another those of the
fisheries—the local enumerators will be re-
lieved of a large portion of the duties which
would otherwise devolve uponthem.
Local enumerators employed at the rate of
compensation proposed in the bill cannot be
experts for the purpose of obtaining such in-
formation, and they would in many instances
consume more time in obtaining the statistics
of a single woolen-mill or cotton-mill than they
would occupy in enumerating all "the people in
the district.
If we employ for the obtaining of these sta-
tistics experts who know all about this business
we can decrease the number of enumerators
very considerably. One enumerator can in some
districts, as was proposed by the act of 1850,
enumerate twenty thousand persons, and he can
do it in much less time than he would occupy
in obtaining in the single district which I have
the honor to represent statistics concerning a
single branch of manufactures ; and there are
men who could be employed by the district1
superintendent who could obtain all such in-
formation in a day.
Now, if we want this information at alt why
not obtain it in the best mode? I agree with
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
that it is better to have no statistics at all titan
to have such as will not be reliable, such as will
simply lead astray all those who may attempt
to legislate upon them or frame any theories
upon them within the next ten years.
As suggested by a gentleman behind me,
what I propose is simply applying the principle
of division of labor to the performance of this
work. We assign to a certain kind of labor,
that of the enumeration, persons who can
accomplish that and nothing more; while we
select for this other purpose men who do not
need to be educated for the work after their
appointment, but who are already skilled in it
by reason of their previous occupations, and
who can furnish in many instances from their
own knowledge, and also from access to the
records of the internal revenue offices or from
other sources, and by applying to the owners
of these mills, &c., at their residences or their
places of business, all the information that may
be required for the purpose of these returns.
I do not conceive that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Hardeman] is correct in his
suggestion that this will be objectionable as
adding to the machinery of the bill. It merely
simplifies the present machinery. It places a
class of persons between the district superin-
tendent and the enumerators who can perforin
the duties both of district superintendent and
enumerator in a better manner than either can
do it, and in a less time and at a less expense.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I withdraw my amend-
ment, and move to strikeout the last two lines.
I ask the gentleman from Rhode Island
whether his amendment does not provide in
addition an officer now employed officially in
collecting statistics in reference to gold mines,
&e., who shall have the work of the census
placed in his hands?
Mr. JENCKES. Not at all. The exclusion
applies in the section already adopted to this
class of special deputies. It employs persons
who are experts, and therefore does not pertain
to any present officer.
Mr. WOODWARD. Does it include coal
mines?
Mr. JENCKES. Yes, sir.
Mr. WOODWARD. What does the gentle-
man mean by an expert?
Mr. JENCKES. Just this: I presume that
all the coal from the mines in the gentleman's
district goes in a certain direction for sale,
either by water or rail communication, and is
sold at certain given points. The mines from
which the coal comes and where it is sold are
not in the same district, but in the districts of
several superintendents. This proposition is
that special persons shall be appointed for the
purpose of collecting statistics in regard to coal
mines, I have no doubt there are persons in
his district whom the gentleman knows, many
of whom are engaged in this business, who can
make an estimate without additional knowl-
edge. If we have such men to make returns
of the value of the coal at the mines and at
the place of delivery we can procure exact
knowledge in a quicker, better, and cheaper
mode than any local enumerator who knows
nothing about it can. That is my idea of an
expert.
Mr. WOODWARD. I beg leave to say to
the gentleman from Rhode Island that accord-
ing to my understanding of the matter clerks
who keep accounts of mining and transporta-
tion of coal and other products are not experts
in any sense whatever.
Mr. JENCKES. I mean that they have
better means of collecting information than
Others not engaged in the business.
Mr. WOODWARD. Any clerk or any boy
can do the work of these enumerators.
I desire to say that in the district in which
I live, which is a coal mining region, we have
a class of men called mining engineers, whose
business it is not only to survey the mines and
ascertain the extent to which they have been
worked and the skill with which they have
been forked, but to obtain and write out from
time to time the statistics of this industry. If
the gentleman means to obtain technical knowl-
edge of this class the mining engineers would
be the proper individuals to supply it.
Mr. JENCKES. These are the very per-
sons we would like to have if we can get them
for the compensation provided. The man we
want is the man who has the most knowledge
on the particular subject on which information
is sought.
Mr. WOODWARD. Then the gentleman
should use the expression '' mining engineer.''
It might not be known what is meant by
"expert."
Mr. JENCKES. My meaning is to get the
person who knows the most about a business
to furnish the information required respecting
it. Iri that way we would most readily arrive
at really valuable results with respect to min-
ing and alt sorts of manufacturing enterprises.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I withdraw the amend-
ment, which I merely moved as a pro forma
one.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to offer an amendment
to the amendment; to insert in the twelfth line
of the amendment of the gentleman from
Rhode Island, after the word "statistics," the
words " provided for by this act." I believe
the scope of the amendment of the gentleman
from Rhode Island is made much broader
than it ought to be, and than he himself would
desire. At the sixth line he provides that
the assistants appointed by the district super-
intendent shall be employed to collect the
special statistical information called for by
this act in relation to mines and other subjects:
and in the twelfth line he asks other commer-
cial and social statistics without any qualifica-
tion. The language which he employs not only
authorizes the district superintendents to em-
ploy these assistants to collect the statistics
provided for by this act, but also and generally
other social and commercial statistics. This
is open to the very objection which I urged to
the amendment which the gentleman from New
York offered a little while ago, that it adds to
the scope of the inquiries proposed by this bill
for the census-takers. I have no idea that the
gentleman from Rhodelslandintendsto accom-
plish any such result as that by his amendment.
I would inquire whether he does?
Mr. JENCKES. No; only what is con-
templated by this act.
Mr. PAINE. Then, of course, he will accept
my amendment.
™r' 1 accePt tlle amendment.
Mr. HOAR. I hope the amendment of the
gentleman from Rhode Island will prevail, but
it seems tome that otherwise it would be better
to strike out of the bill the whole of schedule
No. 4, because I do not believe that ordinary
enumerators can take a census of the manu-
facturing and mechanical statistics of a district
like that which I represent with such accuracy
as would make the results of their work val-
uable. In addition to that, Mr. Chairman, this
bill as it now stands, without the amendment,
makes no provision for an adequate census of
those manufacturing establishments parts of
which are in more than one enumeration dis
trict. Take the case of an iron furnace work-
ing its own mine, the mine lying in one enum-
eration district and the smelting-furnace in
another. Take the ease of a rolling-mill and
wire-manufacturing establishment; I have a
very large one in my mind, where the rolling-
millis in one enumeration district and the wire-
mill in another; the workmen whose wages
would be included in the census passing from
one to the other of those shops and distribut-
ing their labor between the two. I trust,
therefore, that this amendment will prevail.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to suggest an
amendment to the amendment. And I would
call the attention of the gentleman in charge
of this bill, [Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,] and of
the gentleman who moved this amendment,
[Mr. Jenckes,] to several subjects which I do
not find included in this bill or provided for in
any manner. For instance., banks and bankers,
brokers and brokerage, are entirely omitted
from this bill. Section twenty-seven of this
bill, I notice, has been drawn with a great deal
of care, with a view to obtaining correct statis-
tical information from the railroad corporations
throughout the country; but there is no sec-
tion that provides for obtaining any informa-
tion with regard to the banking and brokerage
business of the country.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentleman
will allow me, I will state that when the commit-
tee went over that subject it was thought that
the report of the Comptroller of the Currency
was sufficiently full to give all that information.
But since the bill was in print it has been sug-
gested to the committee that there are some
banking institutions outside of those, and
probably it would be best to include the whole
in that section. An amendment has been
preparedfor that purpose, and at the proper
time it will be offered; but it is not in order
now.
Mr. INGERSOLL. One thing more. There
are a great many private banks and brokers in
the country who have a great deal to do with
that which may affect the currency to a great
extent. Besides, I find no provision in this bill
forgathering information from life insurance
companies or fire insurance companies, either
marine or inland. There is nothing of that
kind in the bill, nor is there anything in regard
to the internal or external commerce. I make
these suggestions now in order that provision
may be made for them by way of amendment,
for there are no schedules now that pro vide for
these things.
Now, sir, I shall move as an amendment to
this amendment that schedules of the subjects
which I have named shall be added to this bill
in the proper place. They are very important
subjects, much more important than the fish-
eries of the United States. I am not sure
whether we ought to have schedules prepared
by the sub-committee on the census or by the
Committee of the Whole which shall cover all
the information in regard not only to the paper
money but to the gold of the country. But
those gentlemen especially who desire specie
payments to be resumed should be in favor of
making provision for obtaining all the inform-
ation necessary to enable them to tell the con-
dition of the currency of the country and the
amount of gold in the country.
I move now to amend by incorporating in
{vj? schedules "banks, bankers and brokers,
lite insurance corporations, fire insurance cor-
porations;" and to add a schedule on "internal
and external commerce."
_ Mr. JENCKES. I rise to oppose the inser-
tion of that amendment at this place. I do not
