4212
THE CONGlfflSSIOttAL- &LOBE,
June 8,
liabilities. There is a balance of five of six
hundred dollars of that appropriation that has
not been applied. T his is the c6.se of the widow
of oiieof those patties who did not know 6f the
la# providing for the adjustment of these claims
until Ibng Sifter the matter was settled up; and
the committee thought it Was no more thaii
right to apply that balance of the appropria-
tion toward the payment of her claim.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 make the
point Of order that this is clearly a private
claim. No committee has investigated whether
this sulh is due to this person or not. Thfere
is no question but that tile monfey is in the
Treasury. I rilake thfe point that it is a pri-
vate claim.
Mr. HARLAN. It has beeft investigated.
There is no doubt about that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is the amend-
ment authorized by the Committee on Indian
Affairs?
Mr. HARLAN. Oh, yes ; it was reported
by the committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is it in pursu-
ance of law ?
Mr. HARLAN. We so thought.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Otherwise it is
A private claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it is in
pursuance of law then it comes withiii the rule.
If not, it does not,
Mr. HARLAN. The committeo so thoiight.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. As to the
matter of fact, the Chair is not informed.
Mr. RAMSEY. There was a law passed in
1803 making an appropriation t,o pay for dep-
redations committed by the Sioux Indians, and
the simple question is, whether this is one of
the parties intended by the law ; in other words,
whether she is a resident of Minnesota.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is the
point; there has been no investigation to show
that this money is due to this claimant. I
make the point that it is a private claim.
Mr, HARLAN. I cannot pormit that re-
mark to go unchallenged. It has been inves-
tigated by one of the standing committees of
this body, not a committee of which the hon-
orable Senator was a member, I regret to say;
but still it has been investigated. There is no
question but that this amount of money is due
to tlaia party; that is, that she suffered a loss,
and a much greater loss than will be covered
by this small appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remark that if the money is not already
appropriated the claimant cannot get it under
the amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. The money has been appro-
priated, and it does not belong to the Gov-
ernment anyhow. The money belongs to the
Indians.
Mr. ROSS. I understand that this money
was appropriated several years ago, I think in
1868.
, Mr. EDMUNDS, Then the appropriation
lapsed long ago.
Mr. ROSS. The money was appropriated
and set aside for the payment of this class of
claims. Of course, it could only be applied
under that law for the payment of individual
claimants as they should appear, because the
law provided that thoy should appear and estab-
lish their claims. Now, this person has ap-
peared and established her claim.
The Senator from Ohio asks why she was
not paid her money under that law. It is suf-
ficient to state in answer to that, that she can-
r.ot be paid her money by the Secretary of the
lntrrbr, the custodian of this fund, because
of the expiration of the time within which she
should have made her application for this
money. That application was not made be-
cause, as has been mentioned by the chairman
of the committee, she was ignorant of the ex-
istence of the law for the payment of this class
of claims.
. . The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is
clearly a private claim ; and unless it is pro-
vided fot by an existing law it cannot be
received.
Mr. RAMSEY. But it is fully provided for
by existing law. "Ttfo hundred thousand dol-
lars were appropriated under the law of 1863
for the payment of these claims, of which a
Sniall remnant of about Six hundred dollars
remain's.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
cannot -judge of that fadt unless the law is
presented.
Mr. RAMSEY. That 6eH&My is the fact;
and the application now is simply to take that
small bal&nce.and &£ply it to the claim of this
party-
Mr. COLE. If this is provided for under
existing Jaw I do not know the necessity for
the other la# whioh the Senator proposes now
to make by this amendment.
Mr. RAfdSEY. The Senator from Kansas
has just stated that this application Was not
made in time. Probably it was a few weeks
too late. The law provided that the claims
should be presented within a given time. Here
is a party who, in ignorance of the law, did
not present her claifn. until the time had ex-
pired, and then, discovering that there was
such a law, she made her claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is clear to
the Chair that this is a private claim. The
Chair is not informed as to the fact whether it
is provided for by law or not.
Mr. RAMSEY. I assert that it is amply
provided for by law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Lot us see the law.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well. I will get the
law. It is the act of 1863.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Icallthe Senator
from Minnesota to order. Heisrunning around
the Chamber making speeches at all points.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HARLAN. 1 suggest to the honorable
Senator from Kansas, who oilers this amend-
ment in behalf of the committee, that it would
be as well to withdraw it for the present and
look up the law.
Mr. RAMSEY. The bettor way would be to
pass it now, and then if there is 110 such law I
will consent that the amendment be disagreed
to in the Senate.,
Mr. HARLAN. Oh, yes; there is such a
law.
Mr. E£)M!TNt)S. Let us go on with the bill,
The amendment can be offered again if there is
any law for it found.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be laid aside for the present until the
law can be produced.
Mr, RAMSEY. I have Sent for the volume
of the Statutes; I will have it in a moment.
Mr. ROSS. 1 offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
And bv it further enactid, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby nudiomcd and directed to audit
mid determine the claim of the .Shawneo Indians for
depredations upon tlieir property by citizens of tho
United States during the late war, and report the
same to Congress at its next session.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, ROSS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
To suable the Secretary of the Interior to extin-
guish tlio title of the liaw or Kansas tribe of Indians
to the tract of land now owned by thorn in common
in the State of Kaiisns, including the tracts known
as tile diminished rcsorve and trust lands, >23$,12.),
being the amount agreed upon b.v said Indians; the
said sum to be held in trust tor the nand benefit
of said Indians arid for the purchase of a now home
for them fa the Indian territory, as the fcSccrelaiy
of the Interior may direct: Proe.tUd, That said lanrls
shall thereafter be declared to bo public lands and
be subject to sale to actual settlers in quantities not
exccrdins; one hundred and sixty -acres to each head
of a family at the minimum price of public lands, to
1)0 paid in lawful money of tlis United States, and
subject to the provisions of an act pftsscd July 2ii,
1866, entitled "A11 act granting loads to the State of
Ivansas to aid m the construction of a southern
branch of the Union Paellic railway antl telegraph
from 1 ort Riley, Kansas, to Fort SihMi, Arkansas."
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose I agreed to have
that amendment reported ; baton reflection I
think tho proposition had better be acted upon
as 6 separate bill. It will elicit some discus-
sion, I have ftt> doubt. In fact, I should want
to say' fi, Word Gt two myself before the vote
should be taken upon it. I prefer, therefore,
that it should not be pressed now.
Mr-. MORRILL, of M'aitae. 1 hope the Sen-
ator from Kansas will not press it.
Mr. ROSS- I will not press it with any
degree of persistency Whatever against the
wishes of the chairman; but still I should like
to have an eXpresSidtt bf the Senate upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, lot us vote
upon it.
Mr. POMER0Y. The measure is evidently
a good one, one in which we feel a deep inter-
est, and the committee have agreed to it. 1 do
not know whether it is proper to put it on this
bill.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will permit me, I will state one difficulty in it,
the force of which he will appreciate. Some
of these lands have been sold for three or
fouf dollars an acre, and deeds have been
given and delivered to the purchasers and
retransfers have beeh made. Now, if we were
to order by Ww these lands to be sold at $2 50
per acre, the Indians would lose the difference
between §2 60 and the .amount for which the
lands have been sold. That, in the first place,
would be an injustice to the Indians. But, in
the second place, it is possible that the parties
who have these deeds will be able to sustain
their titles in the courts, and 1 know some of
them intend to make the attempt. I think it
would be better to let the matter lis until it
can be examined more fully and more thor-
oughly.
Mr. ROSS. The honorable Senator misap-
prehends the proposition. It is not the one
to which he refers. This is an amendment
providing fof the sale of tlieKaw Indian reser-
vation.
Mr. HARLAN. I thought the honorable
Senator's amendment referred to the Shawnee
lands.
Mr. ROSS. No, sir; I am holding that in
reserve.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
inquire whether this amendment comes from
the Committee on Indian Affairs '?
Mr. ROSS. No, sir, it does not; but it is in
pursuance of several coihmunications from the
head of the Interior Department in regard to
the lands.
Sir. MORRILL, of Maine. I hardly think it
is in order.
Mr. HARLAN. This relates to the Kansas
Indians ?
Mr. ROSS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. What amount of money
does it propose to pay to the Indians?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Ed-
mwds in the chair.) Two hundred and thirty-
eight, thousand dollars. Does the Senator from
Maine make a point of order on the amend-
ment ? ;
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; I raise
the point that it is not in order.
The P RESlDlN G OFFICER. If the amend-
ment does not come from any committee it is
clearly not lti order, unless it is in pursuance
of a distinct estimate of the head of a Depart-
ment. The Chair is not advised on that point
Mr. POMEROY. The only point 011 which
it can be received is that it has bfteti author-
ized by law. That is the only way in which it
can be received on this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the
Sehafor from Kansas state that this amend-
ment is to carry out the provisions of an exist-
ing law f It requires, tm the face of it, an
appropriation of motley.
, Mr. POMEROY. 1 said that Was the only
difficulty about it. There is a law that author-
izes the President in general to remove this
tribe and several others. It will bo for the
Chair to rule whether that applies definitely to
this tribe.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The difficulty
