5156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
July 4s
ation which the Senator from Massachusetts
gives to that instrument. Did the men who
made the Declaration of Independence under-
stand it to mean any such thing? Did the
fathers of this Republic understand the Declar-
ation of Independence to contain any such
doctrine ? Have any statesmen in this country
preceding those now upon the stage of public
life claimed that the Declaration of Independ-
ence was susceptible of any such construction?
Sir, the Declaration of Independence says that
"all men are created equal;" but that is not
all that it says, for to that is added these other
significant words, that it is the duty and the
right of the nation to so organize the powers
of its Government " as to them shall seem most
likely to effect their safety and happiness."
Now, if it be the judgment of the American
people in Congress assembled that the exclu-
sion of the Chinese or any other people from
citizenship will conduce to the safety and hap-
piness of this nation, it is the right of the
Government so to decide under the Declara-
tion of Independence.
Sir, the Declaration of Independence has
nothing whatever to do with the question of
citizenship ; for if the position of the Senator
be correct, then every nation and tongue and
tribe on the face of God Almighty's earth have
the same right to vote and hold office in the
United States as has the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. Does the Senator mean to say that
the subjects of the British empire have the
same right to vote in the United States as citi-
zens of this country? Does he mean to affirm
any such doctrine as that upon the Declaration
of Independence? Does he mean to say that
the enemies of republican institutions, wherever
they may be found upon the face of the earth,
have a right under the Declaration of Inde-
pendence to come into this country and take
control of the Government and so destroy, if
they please, the existence of this nation? Did
not the men who made the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, and have not all the statesmen of
this country from the beginning of the Govern-
ment down to the present time, understood that
the question of naturalization was a question
exclusively within the jurisdiction and to be
decided according to the judgment of Congress?
Sir, the Senator says that my amendment is
not compatible with the Constitution of the
United States. Does the Senator know that
the Constitution of the United States expressly
provides that no man who is not a natural-born
citizen of this country shall fill the office of
President? Did not the men who made the
Constitution proscribe persons who were born
out of the United States so far as that office is
concerned, and deny even to a foreign-born
citizen, after he was naturalized, the right to
hold that office? Does the Constitution, in that
respect, violate the Declaration of Independ-
ence? Does it not make a political distinction
between persons born in the United States and
persons born in foreign countries? Will the
Senator say that this violates the principles
laid down in the Declaration of Independence?
Moreover, the Constitution provides that no
person not a citizen of the United States shall
be a Representative in Congress or a Senator;
and even after a man is naturalized and be-
comes a citizen, on account of his foreign birth
he is for seven years ineligible to the office of
Representative, and for nine years to the office
of Senator in Congress.
Does not the Constitution make a political
distinction between persons of foreign birth
and persons who are born in the United States?
Does not that principle pervade the whole
instrument ftom beginning to end ; and is there
any man so stupid as not to know that if this
nation was to destroy all political distinctions
and powers between its own citizens and the
subjects of foreign Powers this Government
■would cease to exist as a republican Govern-
ment as soon as its enemies could sufficiently
combine for its overthrow?
Sir, the Constitution coafers upon Congress
the power to naturalize persons of foreign birth;
and I ask the distinguished Senator if Congress
has not the right to refuse to pass any law on
the subject of naturalization, and so exclude
every man born in a foreign country from any
right to participate in the political power of
this country ?
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator wish an
answer?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. Under the Constitution,
Congress, I presume, may refuse to pass any
naturalization law ; but then I insist that if it
passes a naturalization law it must be in har-
mony with the Declaration of Independence ;
there can be no distinction of color.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand the Senator
to admit that Congress has jurisdiction over
this question of naturalization ; but then, he
says, the Declaration of Independence comes
in to control the judgment of Congress, and
therefore there is no discretion left upon the
subject.
Mr. SUMNER. No discretion that will allow
a discrimination of color. I am not prepared
to say that Congress may not shut down the
gates and refuse to naturalize anybody ; but if
it does naturalize, then the law must be in har-
mony wjpi the requirements of the Declaration
of Independence. I consider the Declaration
of Independence as paramount law, not to be
set aside or questioned in any respect—sover-
eign, absolute, irreversible, and which we are
ail bound to respect.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Now, the Senator's posi-
tion is inconsistent with itself. When he was
making his other speech he argued that the
Declaration of Independence declared that o,ll
men were equal, and then.fun; all men were
entitled to equal political rights and piivileges
in this country; and now he concedes that
Congress has the power to exclude from nat-
uralization every person born in a foreign coun-
try. What, then, becomes of his doctrine of
equal rights? Sir, if Congress excludes a por-
tion of mankind from participation in the polit-
ical power of this country upon one ground it
is just as mueli a denial of the doctrine of equal
rights as if it excludes another portion of man-
kind from political power here upon another
and different ground 
Sir, the question is not whether Congress
may or may not designate certain persons to
exercise political power in this country; but
the question is, whether under the Declaration
of Independence everybody upon the face of
God's earth, without regard to qualifications or
fitness, without respect to whether tlu-y are
friends or enemies of this country, must bo
allowed to participate in the control of our
affairs. That is the question ; and if the Sen-
ator is correct in saying that all men are entitled
to equal political rights in this country, then
he is incorrect and contradicts himself when
saying that Congress may refuse to naturalize
anybody.
Now, sir, Congress has plenary power over
this question of naturalization. Congress may
require persons to reside in this eouutry one
year or forty years, according to its judgment.
Congress may require one oath or another oath
as a qualification for naturalization, or it may
dispense with all oaths. Congress, on this sub-
ject, is invested with exclusive power over the
question of naturalization, and when it pro-
poses to legislate it must exercise its judgment
as to it may seem most conducive to the safety
and happiness of the American people.
I deny, therefore, that the Declaration of
Independence or the Constitution of the United
States requires us to admit to naturalization
Chinese, or cannibals, or Indians, or anybody,
except as in our judgment their admission to
political rights may comport with the best
interests of the nation.
Now, sir, there is nothing in the fifteenth
amendment to which reference has been made
that requires us to include Chinese in the
naturalization policy of the Government. Sir,
the fifteenth amendment provides that citizens
of the United States shall have an equal right
to vote; but it makes no provision whatever
as to foreigners. The question as to the right
of foreigners in the United States stands pre-
cisely upon the same ground, that it did before
the fifteenth amendment was enacted. It has
no reference at all to the subject of natural-
ization or the rights of aliens, but it is simply
a provision that 'persons who are citizens of
the United States, without respect to color,
shall have an equal right to vote. Therefore,
that has nothing whatever to do with the ques-
tion before the Senate.
When the Buriinganie treaty was made with
China a question arose as to what its provisions
should be, and upon my motion it was soj
amended as to notify the Chinese that they
could not have naturalization in the United
States in consequence of that treaty. The
amendment to that, treaty is in these words:
"But nothing herein contained shall bo held to
confer naturalization upon citizens of the United
States in China, nor upon the subjects of China in
the United States."
Sir, the attention of both Governments was
called by this treaty to the question of natural-
ization, and it was understood and agreed be-
tween the two nations that the treaty should
not in any way attect the question of natural-
ization, and that Chinamen should have no
right under its terms to claim to become citi-
zens of the United States. Wheu provision
was made upon that subject in this treaty with
the consent of the Senator from Massachusetts,
how can he now pretend that it would be any
violation of right to make our naturalization
laws consist with that, to which both nations
have solemnly agreed?
Sir, it has been truly said by the Senator
from Nevada that there is 110 necessity for this
legislation. Congress has provided in the bill
to enforce the fifteenth amendment that the
Chinese shall be fully protected in all their
civil rights; and as to such rights they stand
on an equal footing with the citizens of the
United States. The only effect, therefore, of
allowing them to be naturalized is to give them
the right to vote and hold office. The question
is not one as to naturalization, with its other
effects; but the question before the Senate to-
day is whether you will empower the Chinese,
who are pouring themselves by thousands and
tens of thousands into this country, to vote and
hold office.
Istliereanybody who will say that the Chinese
is a desirable population? Is it not manifest
that their immigration or importation into this
country will be productive of inconceivable
mischief, no matter what Congress may do
upon the subject of naturalization ? Elements
that will not coalesce with the other elements
of our population and form together a national
entity are dangerous to the peace and integrity
of this nation. Mongolians, uo matter how
long they may stay in the United States, will
never lose their identity as a peculiar and sep-
arate people. They never will amalgamate
with persons of European descent; and so, as
their numbers multiply, as thousands are added
to thousands, until they may be counted by
millions, we shall have in the United States
a separate and distinct people, an empire of
China within the North American Republic.
It is only necessary to refer to our own his-
tory to illustrate the truth of the remark.
Look at the inevitable and disastrous results
that have followed from the contact of the
white race and the Indians upon this continent.
No amalgamation has occurred or is possible;
and the red man is rapidly fading away, be-
cause, notwithstanding all the schemes that
may be employed to producc a contrary effect,
there is an irreconcilable difference which God
Almighty has made between the white man
and the Indian, and the result, when they are
brought together is not amalgamation, but the
destruction of the feebler race.
Sir, this is to a considerable extent true of
