366
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
Ho. 03? Reps. .
Commercial Intercourse—Mr. Lawrence.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
this ia his speech of March 80, by quotations
from the New York Journal of Commerce of
March 22.
The price of wheat, then, in Liverpool has
an effect upon the whole wheat product of our
country far beyond the export demand. With
this, then, as the initial point in fixing prices,
it requires no argument to prove that the cost
of carrying wheat from the place where it is
produced to Liverpool will be deducted from
the Liverpool price, and the producing farmer
will receive only the residue.
Dr. William Elder, until recently in the
Treasury Department, recognizing this fact, in
a pamphlet just issued in favor of a protective
tariff says:
"Putting abushelof rod winterwheatat$130,(nine
shillings per ono hundred pounds,) its price in Liver-
pool on Christmas ove, 1869, wo find its value in gold
to the western farmer by the following deduction:
Cents.
Carriage fiom Chicago to New York   30
Marine freight* 16
Marine insurance 02i
Commission 03
Handling  02
Charges from Chicago to Livorpool 53i
To this must bo added tho expenso of placing it in
Chicago, (l'rom place whore produced:)
Currency.
Storage and commission ..  05
Insurance and loss    00a
Carringo to Chicago 10
Handling   03
18 i
fecial in gold to 151 oonts.
Total deduction from price in Liverpool, 00 cents,
leaving to tho farmer 61 cents in gold—73 cents cur-
vonoy—per bushel.
1'reiqiit axd dealers1 profits—mope of transpoitt-
atiox.
The secretary of tho Chicago Board of
Trade has furnished to the Bureau of Statistics
a table showing that during the winter months,
in tho absence of canal and lake competition,
railroad freight from Chicago to New York
reaches nearly thirty cents a bushel for wheat,
while in the remaining months it is something
less.
For all tho region of country tributary to the
lakes there are three modes of reaching the
Atlantic sea-board:
1. By all rail transportation.
2. By lake (steam) to Buffalo, then by Erie
canal and Hudson river to New York, or by
rail from Buffalo to New York.
3. By the lakes, the Welland canal around
Naigara Falls, by the St. Lawrenco and its
canals.
The great cost of constructing and operating
railroads is such that they cannot compete
with canal, lake, river, or ocean transporta-
tion for heavy freight. In a report made by
Hon. Israel T. Hatch to the Secretary of the
Treasury in January, 18G7, lie says, in House
Executive Document No. 78, second session,
Thirty-Ninth Congress, page A:
"An elaborate investigation shows tho following
results as exemplified by a fair comparison of tho
relative cost of transportation by rai! and tho other
moans of conveyance best known in tho United
States:
"By rail cost 733.3 per cent, greater than ocean
transportation; by rail costs 525 per cent, greater
(lian over great lakes; by rail costs 215 per cent,
greater than Eric canal (enlarged;) by rail costs 400
por cent, greater than over Hudson river."
But the western producer is liable to suffer,
not merely by reason of the necessarily great
cost of railroad transportation, but by extor-
tionate charges rendered practicable by the
monopoly of the recent immense railroad com-
binations and by the want of adequate rival and
competing routes and modes of transportation.
With railroad freight costing about thirty
cents to transport a bushel of wheat from Chi-
cago to New York, besides other charges, by
far too large a share of the product is taken
* Marine freight ranges all the way from 4rf. to
10a. by steamers; by sail vessels from id. to lOrf.
from the farmer, and he needs cheaper trans-
portation.
Will it be said the lakes, the Erie canal, and
the Hudson to New York do or will furnish
all that is necessary ?
The cost of water transportation is greatly
diminished by employing large vessels and by
through routes, avoiding transhipments, mid-
die-men, buyers, and other modes of exacting
a profit. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Bennett] informs us that the Erie canal has
a capacity of floating boats of six hundred tons
burden, "about the average magnitude of
vessels engaged in the coasting trade of the sea-
board," but unfortunately the locks only admit
boats of two hundred and twenty tons burden;
and he asks Congress to appropriate $ 15,000,000
for the enlargement of the locks, and he tells
us the cost of canal transportation would be
thereby reduced from to 1^ mills per
ton per mile, or very nearly one half. Let it
be remembered this reduction in freights is
to be effected by employing larger vessels. He
further says that—
"Mr. Walker, than whom no ono is more thoroughly
informed upon thesubject, makes the following com-
putation of tho reduction which can bo madein tho
cost of transportation from Chicago to New York
through an enlarged canal, with an accompanying
diminution of State tolls;
freights, &c.
Lake freights 
Canal freights 
Transfer charges...
Stato tolls 
Total..
Presont rates.
Prospoclive.
Whoat.
Corn.
Whoat.
Corn.
Ton.
Ton.
Ton.
Ton.
£2 as
& 38
S2 GS
3 15
2 01
1 78
1 (55
2 01
2 0±
75
75
2 07
1 73
GO
69
S9 Gi
$9 OG
$5 62
$5 47
1'heso reductions would oqua.l asavingof $15,000,-
000 per annum on tho principal movement of grain
eastward by tho water routes."
In other words, the total cost of carrying a
bushel of -wheat from Chicago to New York
by all water transportation is about twenty-six
cents, of which a fraction over nineteen cents
is for transfer charges, canal freights, Stato
tolls, and Hudson river.
The lake freight from Toledo to Buffalo is
four cents a bushel, making a total cost of
twenty-three cents from Toledo'to New York.
And the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Bennett] reminds us of tho unpleasant fact
that—
"The western and northwostorn States pay us [to
tho Stato of Now York,] annually tho largo amount
of nearly throe million dollars oflStato canal] tolls."
The canal tolls are six and a quarter cents
per bushel on wheat, and five cents on corn,
exclusive of freights.
But great as these charges of transportation
are they do not represent the entire cost. There
are_ profits to buyers of grain in the interior of
Ohio and other States, to another dealer at the
lake port, generally another at Buffalo, another
at New York, and still others at the final place of
consumption; and when all these and others are
added it costs the western price of a bushel of
wheat to take it to New York. The New York
Times of December 29 quotes wheat in New
York $1 51; in Chicago it was seventy-seven
cents. The freight charges and profits of
middle-men must have been seventy-four.
They ought not to be sixteen, andean be made
less. When wheat can be shipped in one ves-
sel direct from Chicago to Liverpool the whole
cost can be reduced to thirty cents or loss.
The annual tax now imposed upon the peo-
ple of the West—these enormous charges for
tolls and freight, profits of dealers, all deduct-
ed from the final market price of products,
reducing the amount the producers receive—
ought not to be longer endured if it be practi-
cable to avoid it.
reduce i'ekisuts—maki5 great LAKE cities.
And I say it is. Freights can be reduced,
and thus, even without any increase in the
price of wheat at its ultimate market, give to
the producer more of that price than he now
receives. Still more than that; Cleveland,
Sandusky City, Toledo, all the important cities
on our great lakes, can be given advantages
almost equal to the Atlantic cities for foreign
commerce, and superior to them for all pur-
pose of internal commerce. A century hence
the great cities of this continent will be the
interior cities. Our foreign commerce em-
braces annual imports about four hundred and
thirty-five millions, and exports something
less; yet New York city is built and lives in
great part on this. The gross earnings of the
people covering our internal commerce reach
$7,000,000,000, which is more than sixteen
times our foreign commerce. Our interior cities
must exceed by sixteen times our sea-board
cities existing on foreign commerce ; and if we
can give the interior cities the advantages of
those of the sea-board as to foreign commerce
their magnitude and importance will be unpar-
alleled. About 1820, before theErie canal was
projected, Gouverneur Morris,writing to Europe
in reference to the great lakes, said:
"Hundreds of large ships will in no distant period
bound on tho billows of those inland seas. Shall i
lead your astonishment up to the vergo of incre-
dulity? Know, then, that ono third part, of the ex-
pense borne by Britain in the late campaign would
enable ships to sail from London through tho Hud-
son river into Lake Eric."
now?
And now how shall we secure reduced cost
of transportation and give our lake cities all
tho advantages of the sea-board? Secure the
free navigation of the St. Lawrence with sea-
going vessels of twelve hundred tons direct
from Chicago, Toledo, and Cleveland, and all
this will be accomplished.
Adopt this measure and a rival competing
route of transportation will reduce freights, not
only those to Europe, but on all articles to the
sea-board cities. Adopt this measure and in
less than three years New York will be com-
pelled to enlarge the capacity of the Erie canal
sufficient for vessels of six hundred tons bur-
den, and thus reduce the cost of canal trans-
portation one lialf.
On the 22d of March, 1869, this House, while
denying the right to make commercial treaties
unless authorized by act of Congress, yet on
motion of Mr. ScmsxcK resolved and recom-
mended to the President—
" That negotiations with tho Government of Great
Britain shall be renewed, and pressed, if possible, to
adefiniteconclusion, regarding theeommercial inter-
course, and securing to our own citizens tho rights
claimed by thorn in tho fisheries on tho coasts of the
British provinces of America, and tho free naviga-
tion of the St. Lawrence river from its source to the
sea."
this st. la whence itodte.
There is as yet no restriction on the naviga-
tion of the St. Lawrence in British vessels,
except the canal tolls, those of the Welland
canal being nearly one cent per bushel on
wheat; but asit is under aforeign jurisdiction,
liable to impose restrictions or prohibition at
any time, our citizens will not embark capital
in vessels or freighting, and this route is now
almost unused except for tho commerce of
Canada, although the Welland canal of twenty-
eight miles can now pass vessels of six hundred
tons burden, and the seven St. Lawrence canals,
in all forty-one miles long, have a capacity of
eight hundred tons.
Yet with all these disadvantages, really fur-
nishing no competition in transportation, it is
the cheapest route to Liverpool, and in 18GG
" 2,958,299 bushels of western grain were sent
seaward by the Canadian route.'' Charles Ran-
dolph, esq., secretary of the Board of Trade
of Toledo, has recently furnished to the Bureau
of Statistics—
" The following statement of the comparative cost
of the transportation of a bushel of wheat from To-
ledo, on Lake Erie, to Liverpool, by way of the Buf-
falo and Brie canal, and from Toledo to the samo
