1380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
United States who are clamoring for a redac-
tion of expenditures.
As I said before, if you strike out this appro-
priation the expenditures under this head will
be but $36,400, when under the administration
of Andrew Johnson they were $56,500.
Mr. MAYHAM. I would aek the gentleman
if he includes in his estimate the pay of the
two lieutenant colonels and one major as mili-
tary secretaries?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. No, sir;
I do not. They are paid out of the Army appro-
priation. They are paid just the same where
they are as they would receive if they were att
the headquarters of General Sherman. When
my friend from Illinois [Mr. Logan] brings
forward his bill to muster oat supernumerary
officers, probably I may go with him; but while
we have the officers, why not make them earn
their money ? These men are well known to be
very capable and meritorious officers. They
are not of the rank of brigadier general, as was
stated the other day by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wood,] though they have the
brevet rank of brigadiers for gallant and mer-
itorious services, but no additional pay.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man one question. Suppose you strike out the
words "private secretary and assistant pri-
vate secretary," and allow the Presidentnone,
when I ask yon to muster ont these officers,
will not you get up and say, "You have not
allowed the President any private secretaries t
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. No; 1
shall do nothing of the kind. When it becomes
necessary to appropriate money to employ pri-
vate secretaries I will vote for it, but so long
as it is not necessary, and we can save $6,000,
I think we should save it in the interest of
economy and the people. I do not piropose j
to abolish these offices at all; they can con- I
tinue, and when it becomes necessary, for the :
President to employ a private secretary and an |
assistant private secretary, we shall doubtless
appropriate the money to enable him to do so.
We do not ask the appropriation of this money
at this time, nor the President. If you say that
you do not want to save this sum, all right. It
you desire to thrust this thing upon the Presi-
dent, so be it; but as it may be dispensed with,
I hope the House will adopt my amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, I desire to " thrust" it
upon him, if the gentleman likes that term.
I want the words "private secretary'' and
"assistant private secretary" in the law, so
that we may give him by law the necessary
clerical fore® to perform the ■ business of his
office, and not have it said hereafter that it is
necessary to detail military officers to do this
service. ,
Mr. WA8HBURN, of Wisconsin. We do
not propose to change the law, but to make
these military officers useful to the country
so long as we have to pay them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Do these officers
draw the pay for both of these offices?
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know how that is.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Washburn] has referred to some
remarks of mine the other day in reference to
this subject. I desire to say that so far as I am
personally concerned I would do nothing that
in any way would detract from the efficiency,
respectability, and dignity of the President.
I shall vote to give him all the clerical aid
that he can possibly require. His duties are
onerous, and in my judgment he does unques-
tionably require a very large number of per-
sons to perform the duties which it is impos-
sible for him personally to perform.
Bat let us look at the facts in this case. I
desire to call the special attention of this Com-
mittee of the Whole to the facts, in order that
members of this House may have the inform-
ation necessary to enable them to legislate
upon this whole subject at the proper time.
I first call the attention of members to page
74 of the Congressional Directory, where they
will find, under the head of " Executive Man-
sion," certain persons named as "military
secretaries." And let me say here, in pass-
ing, that no other President of the United
States, including General Washington, has had
military secretaries on duty at the Executive
Mansion during his term of office. But here
in this Congressional Directory we find: "Mili-
tary secretaries—General Horace Porter, Gen-
eral F. T. Dent, General O. E. Babcock." In
addition to those, the President has the ser-
vices of General Badeau, and on public occa-
sions those of General Michler. Now here
are four generals permanently established at
the White House, and one additional major
general, who is to be there on all public occa-
sions. „ , *
Now, I find this further fact s that two of
these very generals are on the official list of
the special agents of the Post Office Depart-
ment, for I hold the official document in my
hand, containing their names in the list of those
special agents. Now, what does that mean ?
Here are generals in the Army, military offi-
cers, paid as siioh out of the public Treasury,
discharging no military duty whatever, but in
constant attendance at the White House as
clerks and messengers. And one of them,
General Badeau, daring this same Adminis-
tration, was nominated by the President as
assistant secretary of legation of the American
embassy at Londoni and he was confirmed as
such by the Senate of the United States, aud
has drawn his pay as such assistant secretary
of legation, thus virtually holding four official
positions at the same time.
I hold in my hand a paper signed .by Giles
A. Smith, Second Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral," and entitled "A list of the duly author-
ized agents of the Post Office Department,"
&c. And on that list I find the names of Or-
ville E. Babcock, of Washington, District of
Columbia; Horace Porter, Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia; and Robert M. Douglas.
Mr. Douglas is not a military officer, but he
is put down in the Congressional Directory as
the private secretary of the President. Now,
I say that this is an abuse; that it is time this
thing was stopped. In the first place, it is
not consistent with & republican form .of gov-
ernment to establish a military court in the
Executive Mansion. The President has ceased
to be a military officer as such; the people have
elected him to discharge certain high official
duties; and for the purpose, of enabling him
to discharge those duties I will vote to give him
twenty clerks if necessary. But I will not
degrade the War Department by taking its chief
officers and placing them in attendance at the
White House. . ,,
Mr. LAFLIN. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. WOOD. I will, if I have time.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wood] has
expired.
Mr. WOOD. Can I not renew the amend-
ment and continue my remarks?
The CHAIRMAN. Not at this time. The
gentleman has had his five minutes.
Mr. LAFLIN. I renew the amendment.
I wish to put a question to the gentleman from
New York. Did I understand him to say that
the present Executive of the United States is
the first President who has employed as his
private secretaries officers of the Army ?
Mr. WOOD. I said that this 'is the first
time in the history of this Government when
it has been officially announced in the Con-
gressional Directory that the President has
his military secretaries. I am aware that
Andrew Johnson did have one or two subor-
dinate military officers attached to the Exec-
utive Mansion; but he followed a precedent
which had been established by Abraham Lin-
coln, and, in my judgment, quite properly
established, because then we were in the midst
of war, and this capital was surrounded at
times by the enemy. But now there is 110
excuse for assigning military officers to duty
at the White House, because we have peace.
Mr. LAFLIN. I think I have yielded to the
gentleman sufficient time, and I must resume
the floor. .
I have not at hand the Congressional Direc-
tory for the present Congress, but I hold in
my hand the Congressional Directory for the
third session of the Fortieth Congress ; and
looking under the head of " Executive," I find
mentioned as secretaries of the late President
of the United States, Andrew Johnson, the
following-named officers: Secretary, Colonel
William G. Moore; secretary, Colonel Robert
Morrow; secretary, Lieutenant Colonel Wright
Rives—all of whom, I believe, belong to the
regular Army.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman, however, does
not find mentioned any "military secretaries."
Under Grant we have " military secretaries."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Chairman, as has been shown already, Mr.
Johnson employed military officers precisely
as they are now employed at the Executive
Mansion, the only difference being that he
employed one more than was stated, and one
more than the present Executive has employed.
Let me say in regard to General Badeau, who
has been alluded to by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Wood,] that he is a retired officer
of the Army; he has nothing to do at the White
House; he draws the pay of a retired officer,
i and not a cent more. Wherever he may be
it makes no difference so far as the Treasury is
| concerned. He is an officer who bears honor-
able scars, and is retired because of disability
incurred in defense of the country. The other
gentlemen are not generals, as has been again
stated by the gentleman from New York. They
are, as I reminded him before, brevet brigadier
generals, made so for gallant and meritorious
services, but deriving no greater pay or rank
by reason of that mark of confidence.
Mr. WOOD. The book is my authority,
[holding up the Congressional Directory.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I do not
care anything about the book; I have not
looked at it; but they are brevet brigadier gen-
erals, and the gentleman knows, or ought to
know, that this title confers no additional pay.
It is merely complimentary, and is bestowed
for honorable services during the war. I hope
the gentleman does not otyect to the bestowal
of such a compliment on those gentlemen on
that account. Two of them are colonels, one
is a major. They are all gentlemen who have
performed honorable service to the country,
and are capable of performing any duty, civil
or military. One of them, General Babcock,
whose rank is that of major, though detailed
at the Executive Mansion, has been absent a
large part of the time on detached duty.
But, sir, the question now presented is just
this: Does this House want to save a consid-
erable sum of money without impairing the
efficiency of the Government?. If it does, let
this appropriation be stricken out; if not, let
it stay in.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
tell me whether the officers who are on duty as
clerks of the President draw the salaries of
both offices?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. No, sir ;
they simply, as I stated before, draw their sal-
aries as officers of the Army, and no more.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Thea what is to be
gained to the Treasury by the amendment of
the gentleman from Wisconsin?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It avoids
the employment of the civil officers whose
salaries I propose to strike out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I understand
that these military officers take the place of so
many civilians who would otherwise be em-
ployed as clerks. They do not draw the pay
of civilians, bnt draw pay as military officers r
