1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1381
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Precisely.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I cannot for
the life of me see what gain to the Treasury is
accomplished by the amendment of the gentle-
man. These officers draw pay as military
officers, not as civilians.
.Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. They
draw pay as officers, though they are not at
Ibe Executive Mansion, and when employed
there tliey obviate the necessity for the em-
ployment of civilians, whose services would
cost $6,000 a year. The salaries of these mil-
itary officers go on just the same, whether they
are employed in this service or not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But if civil officers
do not fill the places they do not draw the
salaries.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Of course
they do not. One word more in regard to an
observation made by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] in regard to these men being
employed under the Post Office Department.
For any services they may have rendered to
the Post Office Department, they do not and
have not cost the Government one dollar.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Their commissions
from the Post Office Department specify that
they are agents without pay.
Mr. WOOD. Then itis an abuse on the part
of the Post Office Department.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must insist
on order. The gentleman from Wisconsin is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I believe
the committee now understands this question,
and I ask for a vote on it.
Mr. ALLISON. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin whether, if we appro-
priate this money for these private secretaries,
the President is then compelled to employ these
officers, if he can secure the services of these
military officers, or whether it will not be left
to the discretion of the President to draw the
money or not?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If you
appropriate this money, it will be charged to
the expenses of the White House, and will be
urged as an argument, showing extravagance
on the part of the present Administration. If
you appropriate the money and insist that it
shall be spent, probably it will be.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Wisconsin whether, if his amendment
passes, the General of the Army will not be
entitled to withdraw at any time from the Presi-
dent of the United States these military officers
who are detailed to act as his secretaries?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I presume
he will have that right, but there is no reason
to suppose that he will do so.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. STILES. I move to strike out the last
word. Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not under-
stand that the entire expenses of the execu-
tive department (I mean Executive proper, the
President's expenses,) have been brought to
the attention of the House in this appropria-
tion, and in order that the whole question may
be fairly presented I will quote from the New
York Sun of February 7, a comparison of
the expenses of the White House in 1862-63,
with the same expenses in 1870-71, as follows:
Expenses of the White House.
1862 and 1863.
President Lincoln, when the war was at its Weight,
and the duties of the executive office required more
clerical and other labor than ever before or since,
asked for—
One private secretary at  $2,500
one secretary to sign land patents  1,500
One steward  1,200
One messenger  900
stationery and contingent expenses  1,000
ray of Major John Hay, military secretary... 2.450
„ ., 9.550
President's own salary  25,000
Total salaries ....... $34,550
1870 and 1871.
President Grant has asked for the next fiscal year
acontinuanco of the force he has put on duty since
the 4th of March last, namely:
President, U. S. Grant  $25,000
Private secretary, Robert M. Douglas  3,500
Assistant private secretary, James T. lily  2,500
Executive clerk, Levi P. Suckley  1,800
Executive clerk. C. C. Sniffen  1,800
Detailed clerk, W. II. Crook  1,600
Detailed clerk, W. H. Fry  1,600
Military secretary, Major and Brevet Briga-
dier General Horace Porter, (actual secre-
tary)  2,750
Military secretary. Major and Brevet Briga-
dier General O. E. Babcock, (actual assist-
ant secretary)  2,750
Military secretary Captain and Brevet Brig-
adier General Badeau, (scribe)  2,200
Military Secretary, BrevetBrigadier General
and Lieutenant Colonel F. T. Dent, presi-
dential doorkeeper  3,600
Steward  2,000
Messenger  840
Furnace-keeper  720
Policeman  1,320
Policeman  1,320
Watchman  900
Watchman  900
Doorkeeper-in-ehief  1,000
Assistant doorkeeper  600
Secretary to sign land patents, (now on duty
at Interior Department,) N. J. Brooks  1,500
Stationery and contingent fund  5,000
Lamplighters  1,000
Laborers on side-walks  1,000
Laborers on grounds  3,000
$69,800
Additional Expenses of the White House.
Fuel  $5,000
Manure and hauling  3,000
Painting exterior  15,000
Gas    5,000
Plants, &c., for green-houso  5,000
Appropriation of $25,000 for fitting up and
refurnishing has been exhausted, and an
additional amount is asked for of.  30,000
63,000
Salaries   69,800
©132,800
The Whito House under Lincoln $34,550
The White House under Grant   132,800
Grant over Lincoln, (peace vs. war) $98,250
An increase of $280 per day for every day in the
year.
Thus it will be seen that Grant's adminis-
tration, elected as the people were promised
in the interests of economy, in the first year
asks for the expenses of the President's House
the enormous sum of $132,800. This sum ex-
ceeds the amount expended by President John-
son in any one year, and greatly exceeds the
expenditure by Lincoln or Johnson. Presi-
dent Lincoln in a time of war only expended
$34,050. Here is economy with a vengeance!
In comparing the expenses of the adminis-
tration of Andrew Johnson with the expenses
of the present Administration the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] in replying
to his colleague, [Mr. Butler,] uses the fol-
lowing language:
" Now, sir, what does our own Administration esti-
matethat itwillcarry on the Government for for the
next year ? The sum estimated for is $331,097,174 62,
an increase over the last estimate of the administra-
tion of Andrew Johnson for 1869-70 of $28,097,174 62.
But we cut down his estimates $20,000,000, so that the
exact difference between this book of estimates for
the present Administration and the appropriations
made the last year of Andrew Johnson's adminis-
tration is $49,682,538 01. It is due to the Post Office
Department to say that there is an error of $7,000,000
in tho footing, which reduces the amount to some
$42,000,000."
Now, sir, this Administration came into
power under a pledge made in the Republican
platform that the Government should be admin-
istered with the strictest economy. The exact
words of the platform are as follows:
" The Government of the United States should be
administered with the strictest economy: and the
corruptions which have been so shamefully nursed
and fostered by Andrew Johnson call loudly for
radical reform."
General Grant, in his letter of acceptance,
indorsed that plank of the platform, as follows:
"I indorse their resolutions. If elected to the
office of President of the United States it will be
my endeavor to administer all the laws in good faith,
with economy, and with the view of giving peace,
quiet, and protection everywhere."
But as aeommentary upon bdth the platform
and the letter of acceptance, let me read from
aspeechof the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, a committee especially charged
with the consideration of these very questions
of the expenses of the Government:
"Now, sir, this is a public work; it is a now public
work. There is no necessity, no pressing nec essity,
of commencing it to-day. Does this load of estimates
justify us in supporting this proposition ? \VTby, sir,
this book of estimates contains estimates for appro-
priations for public works of $24,625,173 8o, against
appropriations for the same objects last ye:>„r of
$5,493,0001 Sir, tho administration of Andrew John-
son surrendered to the allegation that it had been
profligate in expenditures. The people tried it upon
that charge and found it guilty, and took from it the
scepter of power, and put it in our hands upon our
professions of economy in the administration of the
public service. And the people intend to hold us to
our profession and promise."
And further than that, he says the appro-
priations asked for exceed in amount the ex-
penditures of the last year of the last Admin-
istration by $49,000,000; but, as the gentleman
states, a reduction in the estimates of the Post
Office Department reduces that amount to
$42,000,000.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
burn] moves an amendment to strike out the
appropriation to the "assistant secretary who
shall be a short-hand writer," and to the other
clerks mentioned in his amendment. In the
expenditures of this Administration, coming
into power as it did under the pledges of
economy, we should have something more
tangible in the shape of economy from the
majority of this Congress than the mere words
of the gentleman. Reduction by refusing a
clerk to the President will not quiet the public
mind as to profligacy of the Administration in
its general expenditure of the people's money.
You charge that Andrew Johnson was repu-
diated because of extravagance. How can you
expect to escape the judgment of a deceived
people when you are squandering money with-
out reference to economy?
But the expenditures, according to these
estimates and according to newspaper reports,
exceed the amounts of the expenditures under
the last Administration. When compared with
the administration of President Lincoln, who
conducted the affairs of this Government in
time of war, they exceed very largely in all
the Departments the expenditures of that
Administration. Now, in time of peace, they
should, if ever, be reduced ; yet you greatly
increase them. This bill appropriates really
$20,000,000. I warn you that your extrav-
agance shall be held up before you and the
country through the Democratic portion of this
House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I think
the committee by this time understand the
question. It is simply a question whether we
are to save money or not.
The CHAIRMAN. The questions is on the
amandment of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Washburn.]
The Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. COX. I desire to say just one word in
relation to this amendment. I do not know that
I shall oppose it, but I would like to call the
attention of the gentleman from Wisconsin and
of the House to the extraordinary fact that the
Executive is employing a large force of clerks.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 rise to a point of order.
The gentleman has no right to speak after a
division was ordered. The Chairman had put
the question, and the vote on one side had been
The CHAIRMAN. That is not according
to the recollection of the Chair. The Chair
was about to take the vote when the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] rose.
Mr. LOGAN. The Chair put the question;
and the ayes responded, numbering one or
two; the noes had not been called.
The CHAIRMAN. Such is not the recol-
lection of the Chair. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ci>x] will nroceed.
