1870.
Tfi® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5157
persons of African descent in this country.
There is not between that r£ce and the white
people of the United States that blending of
sympathies and feelings and interests which
there would be if they were all the descendants
of one race. They have been in this country
for years, and have been enslaved. They have
been quiet and submissive in consequence of
the force imposed upon them, and the effects
of their oppression will be visible for many
years to come; but the historian has yet to
record what the effect will be of having these
races equally free and independent together in
the United States. I hope for the best; I do
not predict any evil or any harm ; but this is a
fact which all history teaches, that where two
different races are brought together there is
danger of discord and collision. I use these
illustrations to show that whenever the Mongo-
lians or Chinese become numerous and power-
ful in this country we may look for tumult,
convulsion, and conflict, instead of harmony,
concord, and peace.
Sir, to amend the naturalization laws so as
to allow Africans to be naturalized is not ob-
jectionable as a practical question, because
there are very few who are so circumstanced
as to avail themselves of the change ; and in
view of the fact that there are so many Afri-
cans in this country wholly Americanized it
might not be objectionable upon any ground.
But the practical difficulty with the natural-
ization of the Chinese is that when you open
the door to one you open the door to four hun-
dred millions, who are now looking with long-
ing eyes to the shores of tTais beautiful, attrac-
tive country.
Sir, I look at this subject not in thelight of
any particular theory, but as a practical ques-
tion. Allow persons born in Africa, or upon
the islands of the sea, to be naturalized if you
please; but the practical question before us
now is to deal with this mighty tide of ignor-
ance and pollution that Asia is pouring with
accumulating force and volume into the bosom
of our country.
Sir, the Chinese have been rapidly increas-
ing in the United States since the immigration
commenced; and every year thousands are
going back to the country from whence they
came, telling of the beauties and attractions of
this land, and the heart of that great empire is
beginning to be stirred with the idea of immi-
grating to this, to those people, land of plenty
and promise. Whether any steps can or ought to
be taken to check this immigration or import-
ation is not now the question before the Sen-
ate ; but the question now is, will Congress by
a proclamation to these people that if they will
come here they shall not only enjoy all other
rights and privileges, but that they shall be-
come participants in the political power of this
country—will Congress by such a proclama-
tion invite and encourage this influx of pagan-
ism and pollution to our shores ?
Considering the tremendous power of the
ballot which you propose to put into the hands
of these people; considering that morality,
virtue, and religion are essential to the pres-
ervation of our institutions ; considering the
perils that surround us from other sources, I
ask, as a practical question, if Congress at this
time can afford to do this thing?
Sir, if the Declaration of Independence or
the Constitution of the United States requires
us to invite and encourage this immigration,
and then requires us whenever they come to
invest them with political power,_ within the
framework of the Government is implanted a
principle of rottenness that time will surely
develop into its utter destruction.
Sir, no man more frequently than the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts tells us that popular
intelligence is the palladium of the people's
safety. But now by this legislation he pro-
poses to commit the destinies of this nation as
far as he can to a countless horde of aliens,
whose besotted ignorance is only equaled by
their, moral debasement. To talk about the
education of the people; to talk about intelli-
gence among voters ; to talk about the estab-
lishment of schools and the diffusion of knowl-
edge as the guarantees of our free institutions,
and at the same time propose to give to mil-
lions of benighted and groveling pagans the
right to control the affairs of the Government-
is a perfect absurdity. Sir, it is mere stuff
and nonsense, which only deserves what it will
receive, the derision and contempt of the
American people. Sir, wise men tell us, too,
that morality, virtue, and religion are essen-
tial to the safety of our institutions and the
integrity of the nation; and while they pro-
claim this doctrine they propose to put the
political future of the nation into the hands of
the Joss worshipers of China, and surrender
to their control the temples and altars of our
religion. Ignorance, idolatry, immorality, vice,
disease, and prostitution are the deities of the
Senator'stheory ; and to them he is now ready
to sacrifice the pride and glory of American
citizenship.
Tell me, sir, what do your oaths of abjura-
tion and allegiance mean in the naturalization
laws? Are they idle and empty words, or are
they intended to have some binding force and
impose some obligation? Imagine such an
oath administered to Chinamen ignorant of
God, Christ, the Bible, and the Christian reli-
gion ; ignorant of the Constitution of the coun-
try, its language, its laws, its customs, and its
habits! Would not the administration of an
oath to such beings, utterly unconscious of its
nature and obligation, be very much like trying
to invest so many cattle with the elective fran-
chise? Would not such a proceeding as that
bo a ridiculous mockery and farce ; knowing
as you do that no obligations are imposed by
the naturalization laws upon these people, you
still pretend that by going through the hollow
and empty ceremony of administering an oath
you can convert a Chinaman, whose traditions
and teachings handed down by his ancestors for
thousands of years have made him an imperial-
ist and a pagan; that by that hollow, empty,
and idle mockery you can convert him into a
Republican and a safe elector for a Christian
Government.
Sir, I think I can see without any stretch of
imagination some contractor driving his two
or three hundred Chinese hands to some place
where they can make tlitir declaration of
intention to become citizens, and then driving
them to the polls at some other place to carry
an election to suit his interests. Be it remem-
bered—and I ask the attention of the Senate
to this fact—that upon the Pacific coast and in
most of the western States it is only necessary
that a declaration of intention shall be made to
entitle a foreigner to vote ; and so within a
very short time after a Chinaman puts his foot
upon American soil he can become a voter and
the political peer in all respects with any Sen-
ator in this body.
Sir, if there is anything that is desirable for
an American voter to possess it is intelligence
and independence. Thousands I know are now
found in the country who do not possess these
qualifications; but that is unavoidable and is
to be deplored; but it is no reason why we
should make a bad condition ten thousand
times worse than it is. Our duty at this time,
instead of recklessly multiplying the evils that
attend the franchise in this country, is to edu-
cate, enlighten, and improve those who now
wield the political power of the nation.
Sir, 1 must be permitted to say in this con-
nection that I deprecate the cry of cheap labor
which capital lias raised in reference to the
importation of Chinese. "Cheap labor" in
this country means degraded labor. Cheap
labor means a hard bed upon which to lay its
weary limbs; it means crumbs from the rich
man's table for its food and rags for its cloth-
ing. "Cheap labor" in this country means
labor without those aspirations and hopes and
that ambition which have heretofore made the
American laborer the oqunl of the highest and
the greatest upon earth. " Cheap labor" does
not mean the white-walled cottage or the taste-
ful dwelling; it does not mean plenty and home;
it does not mean the comforts and enjoyments
of a happy household; but it means the hovel
or the cabin; it means penury, dependence,
servility. Sir, it means to divide the Amer-
ican people into two classes, one an aristo-
cratic class with the capital of the nation in its
hands, and another class laboring in a condi-
tion of hopeless poverty to enhance the profits
of that capital. Sir, I would scorn to make
an appeal to passion or to prejudice; but I
cannot avoid saying, in view of the importation
of Chinese into this country for the purpose
of reducing wages, that I sympathize with the
movements made by workingmen to resist that
importation and to save themselves and their
families and all that they hold dear and sacred
from the pestiferous contact and degradation
of coolie labor. Early this session I introduced
a bill, the effect of which would have been
to check the nefarious business of importing
coolies; but without any fault of mine it has
been sleeping in the hands of the committee
to which it was referred.
Much excitement has recently occurred in
the State of Massachusetts because Chinese
have been brought to compete as laborers with
the mechanics of that State. Sir, be it remem-
bered by the operatives in the factories, by the
mechanics in the workshops, by the laborers
upon the farms of Massachusetts, that their
great Senator here is not only willing that
Chinese should go there, and by competition
reduce their wages, but he invites myriads of
others to come, with the promise that when
they arrive they shall not only be protected,
but shall share in controlling the political
affairs of this country.
I suppose the honorable Senatorfrom Massa-
chusetts feels entirely safe, entirely beyond the
reach of any popular revulsion. I know that
he is inflexibly devoted to this theory of his ;
and I have little doubt that if all the workmen
of Massachusetts, poverty-stricken and beg-
gared, with their families following half-starved
and half-clad, were to come to the Senator,
and, lifting up their hands, implore him to de-
viate one hair from his theory for their sakes,
he would shut the doors of his palatial man-
sion in their faces, and sitting down, heedless
of their cries, dream only of the triumph of
theory.
Sir, I hope that nothing untoward will ever
happen to this country; but if it ever is de-
stroyed it will be by a blind, unreasoning devo-
tion to some abstraction or theory. Time was
when John C. Calhoun proclaimed that the
true theory of the Government was that each
Stare had a right to judge of its own grievances
as a member of the Union,^ and^ apply such
remedy for their redress as it might choose.
When it was argued that that theory would
produce a practical dissolution of the Union it
was answered that principle must be main-
tained, the true theory of the Government
must be preserved; and so theory was pros-
ecuted until it involved this nation in a gigan-
tic war, from which it barely escaped with its
existence.
All men, says the Senator from Massachu-
setts, are created equal, and therefore all men
have a right to equal political power in this
country; and when the practical argument is
made to him that his doctrine will overwhelm
the nation with a tide of ignorance and bigotry
and prejudice and hostility to our institutions,
he answers, "No matter as.to consequences,
no matter as to practical effects; this theory of
mine must be maintained and fully vindicated.''
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator does
not mean to attribute to me any such thing.
I have made no remark in the sense he now
attributes to me; nothing of the kind.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not wish to contro-
vert questions with the Senator ; but I submit'
to the Senate if the tendency of his remarks
was not to the effect that all men were created
