18*70.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
41st Cong....2dSess.
Commercial Intercourse—Mr. LoAorence,
Ho. op Reps.
point by way of the Wetland canal, Montreal, and
the St. Lawrence:
Cents.
Toledo to Buffalo 4
Expenses at Buffalo 2
Tolls on Erie canal and freight 14
Ocean freights, New York to Liverpool 26}
Total 461
Toledo to Kingston 7}
Kingston to Montreal 5
Montreal to Liverpool 30
Total 42}
" Calling the insurance and transferring to ship
the same in New York as in Montreal, it is evident
that Montreal has an advantage over the New York
route of four cents per bushel of wheat to Liverpool.
Mr. C. A. King, of Toledo, in his address beforo the
Rochester convention of commercial men during the
last year, estimated that this saving of four cents per
bushel in the cost of transportation through Canada
was equivalent, on the area of lands cultivated and
tributary to Toledo, to an animal total of $6,800,000,"
Now, if the Welland and St. Lawrence canals
shall be enlarged to the capacity of vessels of
twelve hundred tons burden ships will pass
directly from Toledo to Liverpool, and the
seven hundred thousand tons of American
shipping on the northern lakes would soon reach
tenfold that amount, and the commercial su-
premacy of New York will be speedily trans-
ferred to the lake cities, with the reduction in
freights effected by large vessels, by competi-
tion in rival routes, the increase in the number
of ships, and by dispensing with the necessity
of transhipment, as now at Buffalo and New
5Tork by the Erie canal route, and at Montreal
by the St. Lawrence route, freights can be
reduced one half, and every Ohio farmer will
secure of the ultimate price of his wheat much
more than now.
This will bring with it in a few years the
enlargement of the Miama canal in Ohio, and
Dayton and the cities of my district will be-
come inland sea-ports, risinginto a degree of
importance which the incredulous cannot now
comprehend.
So far I have only alluded to the benefits of
cheap transportation an one article—wheat.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Bex-
xktt] lias told us that—
" In 1836 the surplus bread:-:tuns exported by the
lake end the Erie canal were altogether 1,239,351
bushels, including flour estimated as wheat. InlSOO
tho movement, eastward by every avenue—by canal,
by railroad, and by the St. Lawrence river—had
attained the magnitude of 78,652,486 bushels, and in
1862 its enormous aggregate was 137,607,870."
And referring to Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa, and Minnesota,
he says:
"In 1810 tho corcal products of these States
amounted to 267,265,877 bushels. In 1850 they had
increased to 434,862.661 bushels; in 1860 to 679,031,559
bushels; and in 1370 we shall probably find them
aggregating about a thousand million bushels."
A considerable portion of all this increasing
product must find an eastern market, and to
all this must be added lumber, wool, and other
products of western soil, mines, forests, work-
shops, and factories.
The export of Indian corn to foreign coun-
tries in 1868 was 11,147,490 bushels, valued
at $13,094,036, and S3G,508 barrels of Indian
meal of the value of $2,008,430.
With the rapid growth of western products
for export, more and greater.routes of trans-
portation must speedily be opened up. Already
we have a memorial asking the aid of Congress
for a ship-canal between the lakes and the Mis-
sissippi by way of Wisconsin and Fox rivers,
and the country is discussing the project of a
" central water line from the Ohio river to the
Virginia capes, connecting the Kanawha and
■fames rivers :" one of the publications in advo-
cacy of which says:
" Cheap transportation isthe great necessity of the
"West. Its products exceed in amount the means at
command of cheap outlet to the sea-board, and mil-
lions of western producers are placed under the power
of carriers."
INCREASED EXPOBTS.
The St. Lawrence route is a necessity. At
a comparatively small cost its canals can be
enlarged to pass vessels of twelve hundred tons,
and on no other route can this be secured.
We must secure this to increase our exports
of western products. In this way alone can
we turn the balance of trade in our favor, pre-
vent the export of coin, and ultimately reach
specie payments.
And if we offer Canada the inducement of
shippiugby her routes, and encourage our own
and her citizens to construct ships for the
carrying trade, with free lumber, coal, fish, and
salt, the work will be done. The Welland
canal is now being enlarged to admit ships of
twelve hundred tons under the authority of
the Dominion Parliament, and the enlargement
of the St. Lawrence canals can be secured.
Mr. Hatch, in the report to which I have
referred, says : " Canada has no local traffic to
sustain this Welland canal." And 3150,000,-
000 of British money already expended on the
St. Lawrence route will be eager for an oppor-
tunity to add something more if it can speedily
be made profitable. " Montreal and Quebec
are geographically some hundreds of miles
nearer Liverpool than New York."
Let us move in the direction of the object
we so much need. Nothing will be accom-
plished if we stand still."
In February the Chicago Tribune, in a lead-
ing editorial, said: i
" Tho inadequacy of the Erie canal for the move- |
ment of western productions with any reasonable
speed, and the excessive tolls charged thereon by
the State ofNew York, have long since demonstrated
the necessity of a canal around the Palls of Niagara
of dimensions equal to the navigation of the lakes.
That canal would cost, completed, from twelve to fif-
teen million dollars. It is hardly to be expected that
this work will ever be undertaken by the Govern ment,
exceptasa part of alog-rollingbillenibracingavast
number of other bills and entailing in the end an
expense, perhaps, of $200,000,000. Every congres-
sional district in the country away from the line of
the lakes would havo to bo conciliated with an ap-
propriation for some local work, and in the end the
cost of the canal would be multiplied indefinitely.
There is now a canal from Lake Erie to Lake On-
taiio, on tho Canada side of the falls, the enlarge-
ment and use of which we can secure without cost.
At present it is too small for the requirements of
business. It this canal were enlarged so as to admit
all vessels and steamers navigating the lakes it would
answer every practical purpose that would bo accom-
plished by a canal on the American side."
And then, after referring to the reciprocity
treaty of 1851, which was terminated March
17, 18GG, it is said :
"The Canadian people havebeen anxious to renew
the treaty in almost any shape that the United
States may ask, and we are informed upon good
authority that in consideration of such a treaty
they would undertake the immediate enlargement
of the Welland canal to the capacity of ship navi-
gation at their own expense, and bind themselves to
complete the work."
The Toronto Globe of February 28 copies
this, and adds:
"To our view all this appears unquestionable."
* "Last year over fifteen million
dollars of United States produce passed through
Canadian hands for shipment to foreign countries,
and the trade is on the increase."
And now what would be the advantages to
the northwestern States of the concessions pro-
posed to be obtained from Canada?
WIIAT THE WEST WILL GAI'w
These are to arise from cheap transportation,
the right to fish in Canadian waters, and
reciprocal trade in salt, fish, coal, and lum-
ber, with the growth of our lake cities, and an
increased demand for wheat and other west-
ern products. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Bexxett] estimates that the reduction on
freights by the enlargement of the locks of the
Erie can:J—
"Would equal a saving of £15,000,000 per annum
on the present movement ot grain eastward by the
water routes."
On the eastward movement of other articles
it would be a very large sum. On the westward
movement of articles, the cost of which would
be reduced to western consumers, the saving
would be a vast sum also. But with the St.
Lawrence route in operation the saving' would
be so much greater I will not undertake to
estimate its many millions annually.
THE FISHERIES.
The privilege offishingin Canadian waters is a
source of great commercial value to our citizens.
The act of the Canadian Parliament of May
22, 1868, authorizes the Governor to grant
licenses to our citizens—
"To fish for, or take, dry, or euro, any fish of any
kind whatever in British waters within three marine
miles of any of tho coasts, bays, creeks, or harbors
whatever of Canada not included within the limits
specified and described in the first article of the
treaty of October 20,1818."
The people of Nova Scotia and New Bruns-
wick are now demanding that our citizens shall
he excluded from the inshore fisheries of the
Canadian coast, and that would give to those
provinces the control of the mackerel fisheries.
But if our citizens can share the privileges of
the fisheries they can supply our market without
sending a million in gold out of the country
annually.
The telegraph from Ottawa, Canada, March
4, 1870, gives us these proceedings:
"In tho House of Commons last night Sir J. A
McDoanld said it was not the intention of tho Gov-
ernment to issue any licenses to foreign fishermen
during the ensuing year, and that it was the inten-
tion of tho Government to take steps to protect the
rights of Canadian fishermen.
" This announcement was received with cheers.
"Sir Francis Hinks stated that confidential com-
munications were passing between Ottawa and "Wash-
ington relative to reciprocity, which ia its present
unfinished state would not be laid before the House.
No difficulty would be presented on that side of the
line to the freest commercial intercourse with the
United States."
A bill is now pending in the Dominion Par-
liament to repeal the license law, as we learn
from a special message of the President of
April 0. TheSpecial Commissionerof the Rev-
enue estimates the yearly value created by the
fisheries of the United States at $100,000,000.
To what extent this can be enlarged by some-
thing like a permanent right to fish in Canadian
waters of course can only be estimated, and to
what extent it can be reduced by denying to
our citizens the right to fish in those waters we
may not be able precisely to determine. And
now, what would we sacrifice by the proposed
arrangement?
It might well be urged that reciprocal trade
in salt, lumber, coal, and fish would be as ad-
vantageous to the United States as to Canada.
If there be an evident tendency of public opin-
ion in this direction, is it not wise in advance
to secure the additional benefits of cheap trans-
portation and free fisheries ?
And now a few words as to reciprocal trade
with Canada and the British provinces in four
articles—salt, fish, lumber, and coal. Under
the reciprocity treaty a great number of arti-
cles were admitted free of duty from Canada.
For twelve years, under the reciprocity treaty,
up to 1864, the trade in these and many
other articles was unrestricted. It Canada
and the provinces shall be annexed to the
United States all trade will be reciprocal and
unrestricted. If we resume the trade on a few
articles reciprocal interests will hasten annex-
ation, which will be delayed if Canada finds
commercial alliances elsewhere.
SALT.
Iu 1868, from all countries, the salt imported
into the United States was 9,435,735 bushels,
valued at SI,281,004, producing a revenue of
$1,136,225, at nine and fourteen cents per
bushel. Domestic salt produced in this coun-
|! try was 19,000,000 bushels. Total, 28,435,735
!| bushels.
■ j We exported to Canada and Atlantic Brit-
| ish possessions 597,975 bushels, valued at
ij §273,817 ; and we imported from them 84,100
bushels, valued at $18,048, producing a rev-
enue of §9,971. British America is not a
great salt producing region.
Until 1864 salt was-admitted duty free under
the reciprocity treaty, yet our salt manufac-
tures continued to prosper, and a renewal of
