8270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
The SPEAKER. Dilatory motions are cut
off only by a suspension of the rules on Mon-
days. But a motion to adjourn having been
voted down, it. is not in order to renew the
motion at. the same stage of the business of the 1
House; not till some other business has been
trails-acted by the House.;
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to make a suggestion to the House which
1 think will settle all this difficulty. I ask
leave to make a speech on the tariff for an
hour, and I am sure there will be no quorum
present by the time I get through, [laughter,]
and an adjournment can then be carried with-
out difficulty.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the motion to lay on the table the appeal
from the decision of the Chair, upon which the
yeaR and nays are ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 183, nay 1,
not voting 98; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Arnell, Asper,
Ayer, Banks, Barry, Beaman, Benjamin, Bennett,
Benton, Biggs, Bird, Blair, Bowen, George M.
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Bulfinton, Burchard, Cake,
Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark. Sidney Clarke,
AmasaCobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Con-
ner. Covode, Cowles, Cox, Crebs, Culloni, Degener,
Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon, Donley, Dox, Duval, Ela,
Farnsworth.Ferriss, Ferry, Fisher, Fitch. Giltillan,
Hamilton, Harris, Ilawley, Hays, Heflin, Hoar,
Hooper, IneersoU, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones, Judil, Kolsey, Ketcham, Knapp,
Laflin, Lash. Lawrence, Loughridge, Lynch. Mar-
shall, May ham, Maynard. McCrary, McGrew. Mc-
Kee, MeKenzie, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, JesseH.
Moore, William Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell,
Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, O'Neill. Orth, Packard,
Peck, Peters, Phelps, Porter, Potter, Prosser, Rice,
WorthingtonC. Smith,WiliiamSmyth,Starkweather,
Stevenson, Stone, Stoughton, Strickland, Taffe, Tan-
ner, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble, Tyner,
Upson, Van Trump, Voorhees, Cadwalader C.
"Washburn, Wheeler, Whitmore, Willanl, Williams,
Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winans, and
,4 Wood—133.
NAY-Mr. Hay—1.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Armstrong, Atwood, Ax tell. Bailey, Barnum.Beatty.
Beck, Bingham, Boles, Booker. Boyd, James Brooks,
Burdett, Burr, Benjamin J?. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Calkin. Cleveland, Cook, Davis, Dawes,
Dockery, Dyer, Eldridge, Finkelnburg, Fox, Gar-
field, Getx, Gibson, Griswold, Haight, Haldeman,
Hale, H amble ton, Ilamill, Hawkins, Heaton, Hill,
Jloge, liolman, Hotchkiss, Johnson, Julian, Kelley,
Kellogg, Kerr.Knott.. Lcgan, McCarthy, McCormick,
McN eely.Mercur, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen.N eg-
ley, Niblack, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Perce, Piatt,
Poland, Pomeroy, Randall, Reeves, Ridgway, Schu-
maker, Scofield, Sherrod, Slocum, Stevens, Stiles.
Stokes, Strader, Strong, Swann, Sweeney, Twichell,
Van Auken, Van Horn-Van Wyck, Ward, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Wells, Wilkinson. Winches-
ter, Witcher, and Woodward—93.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
Mr. ELA. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Business having inter-
vened since the last motion to adjourn, that
motion is again in order.
The question was taken upon the motion to
adjourn; and upon a division there were—
ayes 67, noes 62.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, and Mr. FITCH
Called for the yeas and nays on the motion to
adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.'
Mr. VAN WYCK. Before the vote is taken
by yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn I
ask to be excused from voting.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope not.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I call for the yeas
and nays on excusing the gentleman from
voting.
Mr. PETERS. I think the gentleman ought
to be excused, because he is paired with my
colleague, Mr. Hale.
The question was taken upon ordering the
jeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Air. RANDALL. I now renew the motion
to adjourn.
The question was taken ; and npon a division
there were—ayes 64, noes 66.
Bef&i-e the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. INGERSOLL called for tellers on the
motion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wheeler
and Mr. Ingersoi.i. were appointed.
Mr. VOORHEES. I would suggest that we
are doing no good here, but wasting time
fruitlessly. I am satisfied it would not be wise
to press thiB measure to a vote to-day. I rise,
therefore, to suggest that there be an agree-
ment that the vote upon this bill may be taken, ;
say on Wednesday next at a given hour. I j
have conferred with the chairman of the Com- ;
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, [Mr. Wueeler,]
of which committee I am a member, and I
believe this suggestion meets his approbation.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. So far as I am con-
cerned I shall have no objection to that, pro-
vided the gentleman having charge of the bill
would allow the amendment of ray colleague
£Mr. Hawley] and the other amendments
which have been proposed to be voted on.
Mr. WHEELER. To that I cannot consent.
1 The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
i position of the question. The previous ques-
| tion is operating, and if the House should
adjourn this bill will come up as unfinished
1 business when the House meets again ; but on
Monday the unfinished business is not taken
up till the expiration of the morning hour ; on
every other day the unfinished business comes
I upimmediatelyafterthe reading of the Journal.
Mr. STILES. Would it be in order to move
to refer the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It would not while the
previous question is operating. I
Mr. SARGENT. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wheeler] to allow an j
: amendment to be considered as pending that j
will secure rights in these lands to actual set- i
tiers. Without it I cannot vote for it, and'
many others are with me.
Mr. WHEELER. I must decline. I am
willing to assent to the arrangement that the
vote shall be taken at two o'clock on Wednes-
day next.
Several members objected.
The SPEAKER. Tellers have been ap-
pointed, and they will take their places.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to know why the
chairman of the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad refuses to allow amendments to come
before the House that members may vote on
them?
Mr. RANDALL. And refuses to allow
debate.
The SPEAKER. The tellers are on the floor,
and no debate is in order.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 73, noes 67.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for the yeas andnays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
LEAVES OF ABSENCE.
Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey, by unanimous
consent, obtained leave of absence for two days
from Monday next.
Mr. KNAPP, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence for twelve days from
and including next Monday.
Mr. STILES, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence for Monday next.
Mr. MORGAN, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave of absence for ten days from
next Monday.
Mr. BIGGS, by unanimous consent, obtained
leave of absence for Monday next.
Mr. JENCKES, by unnaimous consent,
obtained leave of absence for ten days from
next Monday.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence for one week from
next Monday.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave of absence for next Monday.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD AGAIN.
The question recurred on Mr. Randall's
motion to adjourn, on which the yeas and nays
had been ordered.
' The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 0(5, nays 73, not voting
88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison. Ambler, Asper,
Beaman, Bcck, Benjamin, Benton, Bisk's, Bird, Blair,
James Brooks, Burohnrd, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland,
AmasaCobb, Coburn, Cox, Crebs, Culloni, Dickinson,
Duval,Bla. Eldridgo, Farnsworth, t inkclnburg.GeU,
Hawley, llay, Hellin, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas
L. Jones, Knott, Lawrence, Loughridse, Marshall,
Mayham, McCrary, AleGrew, Milnes. J esse 11. Moore,
William Moore, Morphis, Morrissey, Orth, Packard,
Potter, Randall, Reeves, lingers, Sargent, Shanks,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Stevenson, Stiles,
Sweeney. Tillman, Tyner, Van Trump, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Willard, Williams, John T.Wilson,
Winans, and Wood—6(5.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Ayer, Banks, Barry. Ben-
nett. Booker, Bo wen, George M.Brooks, Buck, Buck-
ilton, Harris, Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Jenckes
Judd, Ketcham, Laflin, Logan, Lynch, Maynr.rd,
McKee, MeKenzie, Eliakim H. Moore. Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, O'Neill, Peck,
Peters, Phelps, Porter,Prosser, llools, Sanford, Saw-
yer, Schenck, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
Shober, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strickland, Taffe.Tanner.Taylor.Townscnd, Trimble,
Upson, Voorhees, Wheeler, Whitmore, and Eugene
M.Wilson—73. , ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arclior, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Atwood, Axtell, Bailey, Barnum, Beatty.Bing-
ham, Boles, Boyd, Burdett, Burr, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Roderick R. Butler,Calkin, Cook, Conner, Davis,
Dawes, Dockery, Donley, Dyer, Fisher, Fitch, Fox,
Garfield, Gibson, Gilliilan, Griswold, Haight, Hal-
deman, Hale, Hambleton, Hamill, Hawkins, Hays,
Hoaton, Hill, Hoge, Holinan, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Julian, Kelley,Kellogg.lvelsey,Kerr, Knapp, Lash,
McCarthy, McCormick, McNeely, Mercur, Morgan,
Mungen, Negley, Niblack, Packer, Paine, Palmer,
Perce, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Rice. Ridgway, Sehu-
raaker, Scofield, Sherrod, Slocum, Stevens, Stone,
Strader, Strong, Swann, Twichell, Van Auken, Van
Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wells, Wilkinson, Winchester, Witcher,
and Woodward—88.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I rise to a privileged
questiou. I ask to be excused from voting on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. ROOTS. Is not the gentleman paired ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If so, that is a good
reason why he should be excused.
The 8PEAKER. The Chair would state
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Van
Wyck] that requests to be excused from voting
are only entertained immediately before the
taking of the vote on which the excuse is
desired.
Mr. VAN WY CK. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not made
any decision, but only a suggestion.
Sir. VAN WYCK. I insist on my request,
and ask that the question shall be put on grant-
ing it.
Mr. DICKEY. No one will object to the
gentleman being excused.
Mr. STILES. I move a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania moves there be a call of the House,
which is not in order, the previous question
having been seconded.
Mr. STILES. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the appeal
be laid on the table.
Mr. STILES. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a point of order, that
it is not in order to appeal from the decision
of the Chair on any question of order after the
previous question has been seconded. If itwere
otherwise it would be in the power of a minor-
ity of this House to delay interminably the pas-
sage of any measure to which it was opposed.
Mr. COX. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman need not
argue the point. The uniform practice of the
House is to the effect that it is within the powei
of one fifth of the members present, except
under a suspension of the rules, which can only
be done on Monday or in the last ten days of the
session, to prevent action on bills by dilatory
motions. The Chair overrules the point ox
order.
