5158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 4,
equal, and therefore all men are entitled to
equal political rights in this country?
Mr. SUMNER. That is true.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is true, says the
Senator. Sir, whether the theory of John C.
Calhoun or the theory of the Senator will be
more dangerous to the libeitics and safety of
this country history will toll. I am not able
now to decide the question. Take any of these
theories and carry thein to their extreme
results, and you lose sight of practical things
and practical consequences, and whenever the
statesmanship of this country shuts its eyes to
practical things and proceeds upon a theory, I
care not what that theory is, the Institutions
of this Republic are brought into pciil.
Mr. President, I appeal to the Senate to
adopt this amendment, upon grounds higher
than any party considerations. I maybe mis-
taken in my judgment, but I do think that there
is somewhat of the peace and safety of the
nation involved in this question. I know not
what limit may be put upon the immigration
of these Chinese. I know that a hundred mil-
lions could cross the ocean from that empire
and dwell in this country and they would
hardly be missed from their homes upon the
eastern continent. I ask the Senate to con-
sider for one moment what would be the prac-
tical consequences to this country if hundreds
of thousands or millions of Chinamen were
invested with the right of suffrage. Pass this
bill without my amendment, and as soon as
it becomes a law there are eighty thousand
Chinamen who could in one day, or as quick
as the courts could do the work, make'them-
selves voters 011 t.he Pacific coast. Think of
putting the political power and control of that
beautiful section of t.he country into the hands
of eighty thousand Chinamen; men who know
nothing of our Constitution, laws, customs,
language, or religion, and whose idolatrous
. temples are crowding aside the churches of
the Christian faith.
Sir, I appeal, if I may be allowed upon this
occasion to do so, to my Republican friends on
this floor. I ask them, in view of the excite-
ment in the country at this time in consequence
of the importation of coolies, if we can all'ord
to superadd to that the enfranchisement of
these people. Let it be understood that the
pro-slavery, negro hating part of this country
are in this programme for supplying the cot-
ton, rice, and sugar tields of the South with
coolie labor, and for the displacement of the
black man by such labor; and that it is also a
part of the same programme that these coolies
shall be scattered from one end to the other
of this nation for the purpose of reducing the
price of wages and increasing the profits of
capital.
Sir, I cannot but have strong feelings on
this subject. I know that if 1 were a laboring
man, with a family around me, at woik for two
or three dollars a day, upon which 1 depended
for my and their support, and 1 were driven
from that employment to beggary and starva-
tion by a Chinese coolie who would work for
fifty cents a day, I should feel that a great
hardship was imposed upon me, and I should
feel at liberty to employ all lawi'ul means for
relief.
Sir, this is a question that addresses itself
peculiarly to the Republican party. Let me
tell my (riends not to be disappointed if this
bill passes enfranchising the Chinese, if, at
tiie next election, the black and white laborers
of the country should combine to crush the
party which invites competition with their
labor from China*; and if tliat combination
shall be made, there will not be Representatives
enough of the Republican party in the other
House of Congress, after the next election, to
tell the story of its destruction.
I appeal to Congress upon tin's question for
the sake of the Chinese. I fully indorse what
the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] has
said, that the Republicans of'the Pacific coast
have been fighting against the infliction of
wrongs and injuries upon the Chinese, fighting
to give them the right to enjoy the fruits of
their labor; and we have been to some extent
successful. Everywhere and under all circum-
stances I would advocate a full measure of
justice and protection to all men, no matter
where they may be born or where they may
live. But, sir, there is not an intelligent white
man of any party upon the Pacific coast who
would not regard the passage of this bill as the
direst blow that could be struck at the welfare
of the Chinese. Sir, there is a feeling, not con-
fined to the Pacific coast, but evinced among
the steady people of Massachusetts and else-
where, that would be exasperated beyond con-
trol, if, in addition to the competition which
these imported aliens make with honest free
labor in this country, they were invested with
the exercise of political power to control its
destinies.
Mr. President, I have hastily reviewed the
reasons which influenced me in offering this
amendment. I maintain that, there is nothing
in this amendment inconsistent with the Dec-
laration of Independence, the Constitution of
the United States, the principles or the policy
of the Republican party. It is consistent and
in perfect harmony with all of them. It h sim-
ply a question before Congress as to whether
the safety and happiness of the American peo-
ple as well as the Chinese will be promoted
by extending to them the right of suffrage,
Nobody'has asked this legislation except a half
dozen men whose letters the Senator from
Massachusetts lias read. But there is no gen-
eral feeling in the country upon this subject.
The Chinese have not asked us to change the
law on the subject of naturalization for their
benefit. There is nothing in it but the success
of the Senator's theory. There is no practical
good that can come from this legislation. AH
there is of it is, that some men consider it
necessary to vote this measure through, without
regard to consequences, lor the sake of their
party or personal consistency.
Is that the true ground upon which to treat
a great practical question of this kind—a ques-
tion not confined to the present time, but a
question whose proportions are greater than
those of any other that has ever been before
the American people? All the civil questions
that grow out of slavery dwindle into insignifi-
cance by the side of this question—a mighty
question, that lowers upon the eastern horizon
and threatens to break upon the nation with
terrible consequences. It will not do for us
to despise the day of small things. Some time
or other the nation is bound to move as to
this matter, and if the men who occupy places
here to-day are indifferent to the subject the
people of this country will put men here who
will see that the privileges of American citizen-
ship are protected as they ought to be. Now,
while the question is comparatively in its in-
fancy we may successfully deal with it; but as
thousands of Chinese follow thousands across
the ocean, and they become more numerous
and more powerful, the difficulties of the ques-
tion will multiply.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I yield altogether.
Mi. THURMAN. No; I do not want that.
I merely wished to ask the Senator a question,
which 1 thought lie probably could answer as
ho has given great attention to this subject. 1
will ask him if he can tell us whether tiie Chi-
nese Government favors or discourages the
migration of Chinese to this country?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not able to give the
Senator any specific information upon that sub-
ject. I doubt very much whether the Govern-
mentof China takes any considerable interest
in this question, because the Chinese are so
numerous, and there are so many factions
there; civil wars have occurred; and thou-
sands and tens of thousands, millions it may
be, will find it to their advantage to leave the
country and come to the United States; and
if they are the secret or open enemies of the
ruling powers in China, of course the Govern-
ment will acquiesce in their removal. It is to
such causes, as well as to many others, that we
may look to see this tide of Chinese import-
ation immensely enhanced as time advances.
Mr. SCHURZ. May I ask for the reading
of the amendment proposed by the Seuator
from Oregon?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Warner
in the chair.) The Secretary will report the
pending amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to add the following proviso to the bill:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be con-
stiued to authorize the naturalization of persons
born in the Chinese empire.
Mr. POMEROY. Before the Senator from
Missouri proceeds, I should like to call the
atten ion of the Senator from Oregon to the
language of his amendment. That amend-
ment, if he intends to have us vote upon it in
that shape, would exclude Germans, English-
men, Scotchmen, everybody born in the Chi-
nese empire.
Mr. SCHURZ. It was for the purpose of
calling the Senator's attention to the language
of his amendment that I asked to have it read.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am willing to modify
my amendment. It was hastily drawn, so as'
to get it in in time. I am willing to modify it
in any way to carry out the idea.
Mr. MORTON. He means Chinese.
Mr. SCHURZ. That is just the point to
which I desired the Senator's attention.
Mr. President, th^ so-called Chinese ques-
tion is one which appears to affect the interests
of a numerous class of people, and is there-
fore apt to produce an excitement; and I must
confess I am somewhat pained to see that this
excitement has found its way to the Senate
Chamber of the United States, and that the
remarks which we have listened to are rather
calculated to inflame than to assuage it.
A heated fancy—I cannot use any other ex-
pression—is drawing the picture before our
eyes of thirty, forty, fifty, or one hundred mil-
lion Chinamen suddenly flowing from their
native homes across the Pacific ocean, sweep-
ing over this country, and fairly submerging,
as under a deluge of barbarism, our whole
civilization and all that is dear to us. It is a
horrible picture. Now, sir, let us look the
facts in the face. Chinese immigration to the
Pacific coast commenced, as I understand, in
the year 1S48. From 1848 until 1868 the
yearly average of that immigration amounted
to not quite six thousand. Lastyear the num-
ber of Chinamen who arrived upon the Pacific
coast was twelve thousand. We will suppose
that it goes on increasing, and that for a num-
ber of years ahead the average will be twenty
thousand. How long will it take to biiug over;
at that rate, a million Chinamen? Just fifty
years ; and considering that the immigration
as it now is does not stay upon the soil of this
country, but is flowing back again, and is there-
fore diminished, first by death, and secondly
by the return of many of those who have come,
we may safely assume that to bring a million
Chinamen to this country at the rate of
twenty thousand a year will take about seventy-
five years. Have you thought of it what the
aggregate population of this country is likely
to be in seventy-five years?
But let us assume that the Chinese will come
at the rate of fifty thonsand a year. Then it
wouid take twenty years to bring over a mil-
lion; and counting the deaths and the returns,
it is fair to assume that it would take about
thirty years to show a round million China-
men in this country.
Now, sir, it appears that this tremendous
deluge, if indeed it is to come, will not over-
whelm us, alter all, so very quickly. Consid-
ering that within twenty or thirty years the
population of this country will amount to about
one hundred millions, it will be admitted that,
whatever {lie, increase of the average of Chi<
