4214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
set apart for the benefit of these Indians. By
treaty the Indians were authorized to make
selections in severalty; but an actof Congress
•was afterward passed (it being contained in a
bill appropriating money to Indians, something
like the present bill) that authorized patents
to issue in every ease where a treaty provided
that patents should issue. In this case there
was no treaty provision that a patent should
issue at all; but there was a pro vision, that
each member of the tribe should have the
privilege of selecting land in severalty to the
amount of two hundred acres. That entitled
him to the possession in severalty, but not in
title; and consequently he had no right to a
patent, although some of the officers of the
Government have decided that he was entitled
to a patent. He was not entitled to a patent,
because the treaty with this branch of the
Indians did not authorize the issuing of patents
at all; and the subsequent law only authorized
patents to issue where the treaty had provided
that patents might issue.
Patents issued to a portion of these Indians,
but the great mass of them sold their selected
lands before patents had issued; and when this
subject is investigated and understood by the
Senate it will be seen that the late ludiau
agent for that band of Indians and his prede-
cessor were deeply involved in frauds and in
forgeries for the purpose of despoiling these
Indians of their land.
A portion of these Indians made no selec-
tion, As the honorable Senator from Kansas
says, all the best lands were selected by the
Indians, or rather white men, who kucw where
the best lands were, persuaded these Indians
to make their selections, and they did select
the best lands, and applied afterward for pat-
ents to them. Before any of these lands were
selected there were contracts made with vari-
ous white men for the sale of these selected
lands, when in fact they had not been selected,
and when there was no treaty and no law of
Congress applicable to them authorizing a pat-
ent or a seleetiou for any other purpose than
possession.
Now, Mr. President, the patents are subject
to another objection to which 1 will ask the
attention of the houorablc Senator from Maine.
No Indians are authorized by the policy and
the uniform laws of Congress to sell selected
lands to any other persons than Indians, ex-
cept by specific legislation. It is a very com-
mon prt.vision in the laws of Congress in rela-
tion to Indian lands and Indian reservations
and Indian selections, that the Indians who
make tho selections, and who are entitled to
them upon particular selections, shall have the
privilege of selling to their own countrymen
or other Indians; but such a thing as a sale
of lands which have been selected by Indians,
even where patents have been authorized to
be issued to them, is unknown to our laws,
unless there is an express act of Congress
authorizing the Indians to sell to white per-
sons. There is no such act of Congress in
relation to these lauds.
Those, members of the tribe who have made
no selections, and to whom only the refuse and
the valueless portions of the lands have been
loft, are making earnest protest against the
confirmation of these selections of all their
valuable lands by vagabond Indians who have
been induced by fraud and peculation and
imposition upon them by white adventurers to
make sale of these choice lands to these white
adventurers, when there is neither treaty nor
law authoiizing it.
1 am satisfied that whenever the Senate in-
vestigates this subject, the frauds, the perju-
iK'S, ihe selections of land made in th'e names
of Indian persons that have been dead for
many years in many instances, and then the
attempt to foist those selections and to obtain
surreptitiously patents for them from the Inte-
rior .Department will strike the Senate with
abhorrence; and the Senate will find that the late
Indian agent,and his predecessor were deeply
and most criminally involved in this labyrinth
of fraud by which the Indians of the Black
Bob band were to be cheated and.swindled out
of their lands, socle of the®! totally, others
upon a sale for an express consideration, a large
portion of which was withheld; and they will
find that other high functionaries of the Gov-
ernment besides these two agents were deeply
involved in the same iniquitous fraud.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
ask the Senator one question.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine.- Is it a fact that
the Indians of the Black Bob band did receive
patents from the Government of the United
States individually?
Mr. DAVIS. A portion of them did. There
is great mystery, great fraud, a vast amount of
perjury, and a simulation of persons long since
dead in order to obtain many of these patents.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, allow me
to ask the Senator one other question. These
lauds have been patented by the Government
of the United States, and this proposition is to
set aside those patents, of course, and override
them.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the honor-
able Senator think that a fair thing to do on
an appropriation bill without the opportunity
of the Senate to judge of the difficulties which
are suggested by the honorable Senator ; that
is, tho questions of fraud? Is not that a legal
proposition which ought to go to tho courts?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not make any question
or take any ground in favor of the appropri-
ateness of the present proposition as an amend-
ment to this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There may be
a question, aud probably is, that ought to be
investigated ; but I submit that when the Gov-
ernment of the United States has patented
lands by its authority the Congress of the
United States ought not to be called upon to
set those titles aside.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to say a word more ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. Application was made for
sixty or seventy of these patents by the recent
Indiau agent months after he had resigned or
been removed from his office. They wore
delivered to the Representative from Kansas
in the other House, and they were withheld
by him from the Indians for months and
months; and there was a fruitless effort made
by the late Secretary of the Interior to reclaim
those patents both from the Indian agent aud
from the Representative in the other House
from Kansas, which they refused to submit to.
The late Indian agent, after promising to do
everything he could to have the patents sur-
rendered, withheld them for many months
afterward; and, after he had expressed his will-
ingness that they should be reclaimed, and to
exert himself t.0 reclaim them, and after he
had remained in non-execution of this pledge
to the Department for many months, he then
wrote to the head of the Department that the
order could not be executed because many of
them had been delivered to the Indians. Many
of them had not been delivered at all then to
the Indians, and many of them that had been
delivered had been so delivered long after the
express and positive order of the Secretary of
the Interior that the patents should be surren-
dered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say
one word now to my friend from Kansas, who
offers this proposition, [Mr. Ross.] Itismost
manifest that it ought not to be urged on this
bill. The chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs thinks so ; my honorable friend
from Kentucky, who has just given us a state-
ment of the case, evidently thinks it ought not
to go on this bill; and it is most apparent that
it involves a question for the courts; at any rate,
it involves a question that requires deliberation
^iid examination, which it is impossible for us
to give to it on this bill. I hope, therefore,
my honorable friend from Kansas will withdraw
his proposition, and let us proceed with and
dispose of the bill. I think it is manifest that,
it cannot be considered now.
Mr. ROSS. I should be very loath to do that,;
feeling, as I do, that by so doing I shall be
doing an injustice aud an unkindness not only
to these Indians, who are our wards, who are
helpless to protect themselves, but also to
white persons who are upon these lands with
the encouragement of the Government. To
fail to pass a measure something like this for
the correction of this grievous wrong sought to
be perpetrated I think would be doing less
than our duty.
So far as the issuance of these patents is
concerned I do not think the Senator from
Maine would have a particle of question in his
own mind, not only as to the propriety, but the
necessity of passing this proposition, upon a
thorough examination of the case by himself.
Here is a case in which the miserable remnants
of a once great nation of Indians, covering
almost the entire sea-board, are brought to
beggary through the machinations of what we
have frequently heard styled here " a corrupt
Indian ring," and I do not know of any more
perfect illustration of that term in all its depth
of depravity than the history of this transac-
tion as portrayed by the document sent to us
by the Secretary of the Interior. That is all
that gentlemen need to read in order to have a
thorough understanding of the case. Those
papers show that this transaction by which these
pretended patents and deeds were made to these
Indians is replete with fraud and perjury from
one end to the other, and that, too, for the
purpose of robbing both Indians and whites.
Mr. HOWE. I understand the Senator from
Kansas to say that many of these Indians who
received lands in severalty have sold those lands
and have squandered the money, and that thus
a great fraud has been perpetrated upon thorn?
Mr. ROSS. The fraud is in the fact that
they had no power to sell their lands and no
power to receive money for them.
Mr. HOWE. They had power to receive
money for them 
Mr. RICE. No legal power.
Mr. HOWE. They have got the money and
spent it. If they have got the lands too that
does not hurt them. The lands are still there.
Mr. ROSS. Their money is gone, and I
wish to make an appropriation of some money
which can be put to their use and cannot be
squandered by them.
Mr. HOWE. Are these the same Indians
that have sold the land once?
Mr. ROSS. The same Indians.
But not the same individuals?
Many of them are the same
Mr. HOWE.
Mr. ROSS,
individuals.
Mr. HOWE.
Mr. ROSS.
Mr. HOWE.
How did they get other lands?
They have no other lands.
Does the Senator mean then
by this amendment to set aside conveyances
which have already been made by individual
Indians to individual purchasers?
Mr. ROSS. I say that there have been no
conveyances. Certain pretended patents and
deeds have passed from these Indians to some
white purchasers; but I deny that they are in
any legal sense a conveyance.
Mr. HOWE. It is the purpose of this
amendment, then, to override those deeds, to
annul them?
Mr. ROSS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. Is the Senator prepared to
satisfy the Senate that our act would annul
those conveyances? I understand him to hold
that those conveyances were invalid.
Mr. ROSS. I do.
Mr. HOWE. But is he prepared to satisfy
the Senate of that fact?
Mr. ROSS. I think when the Senate shall
have learned that these pretended conveyances
were made before the Indians had any power
whatever to convey, supposing they could in any
