1382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
Mr. COX. All I wish to say is this: that it
would be better to deal with this appropriation
business a little more directly. Let everything
be done in a straightforward manner. We
know very well that there are here officers of
the Army acting as secretaries. Why do you
not insert them here in your bill as employed
for executive purposes, stating precisely what
the facts are, and what the pay is for these
various officers? Why do you not put down
in your bill Brevet Brigadier General O. E.
Babcock, major of engineers, salary $3,314;
Brevet Brigadier General P. II. Dent, lieu-
tenant colonel of infantry, salary $3,608 ; Bre-
vet Brigadier General Horace Porter, major
of ordnance, salary $3,314 ; and who are also
agents of the Post Office Department, riding
free over the railroads in consequence of this?
I do not care much about how these people
are paid; but let the bill state precisely what
the services are, and the money paid for them.
"We want no covering up, no humbug about
this thing. After a while the military bill will
eome along, and then everybody, will vote to
continue the salaries of these officers. Gen-
eral Grant himself told as, or at least told the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
that he did not see how there could be more
economy in the Army. And you, gentlemen,
who stand by the Administration will all vote
against cutting down the Army.
I say it is hardly befitting the dignity of the
Army that it should furnish these ushers, these
messengers, these men who are taking care of
the White House, and giving it that ostentation
which does not belong to republican simplicity.
I want to have it put in the bill who they are,
what they are doing, and what they are paid.
Cannot this be done directly? Until that is
done we all know that this legislation is a
sham. I know very well that the office of the
Executive has been aggrandized during the
war; and since the war there has been much
more business in the Executive Mansion, so
that it amounts now almost to the business of
a Department. Whereas in 1856 there were
but one or two secretaries and clerks employed
there now there is some dozen. There are, at
*11 events, appropriations of money for that
number, whether they are needed or not. I
say, let us face this business of economy fairly
and squarely, and lop off at the proper time
and the proper place.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Chairman 
Mr. COX. I yield to the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Washbtjrn.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I thought
the gentleman had closed his remarks.
Mr. COX. I have no further remarks unless
the gentleman from Wisconsin should Bay
something which may provoke reply.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Thegen-
tle'man from New York [Mr. Cox] has already
been informed that the reason why the salaries
of these gentlemen are not inserted in this
bill is because they are paid as officers of the
Army. It does not add to the expense that
they are detailed for service at the White
House; on the contrary, it enables you to
dispense with the services of others, and thus
actually save money. I can tell the gentleman
that if we made an appropriation in this bill
to pay these gentlemen as civil officers, and
the same as they are now paid as military
.officers, the total expenditure under this head
would amount to several thousand dollars less
than was appropriated under this head for the
last Administration.. So that if these gentle-
men were paid directly under this appropria-
tion bill we should still save in the executive
department some six or eight thousand dollars,
as compared with the expense under the late
Administration. I hope we shall have a Vote
on the amendment now, and I am content let
the vote be whafcit may.
Mr. COX. L withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. SWANN. I renew it. I have but ft
very few words to say. I do not approach this
question of the salary of the President of the
United States as a party question. I came
here to-day for the purpose of giving my vote
for such compensation for the support of the
Executive Mansion as comported with its high
position and the dignity of this country.
Now, sir, it is very well known to this House
that the salary provided forin this bill, $25,000,
is not sufficient for the support of the Pres-
ident of the United States, and I say for myself,
without pretending to represent the views of
gentlemen on this side of the House, that if
his necessities, the necessities brought upon
him by the position in which he has been placed
by the country, require that his salary snail be
increased to $50,000, or even to $75,000, I
am prepared here to vote for it. I want to see
that high position respected by members upon
this floor, and I do not, therefore, approach it
as a party question. I was surprised when I
heard the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Mayham,] who spoke upon this subject, state
to this House that from sources other than
those indicated in this bill the compensation
appertaining to the support of the Presidential
Mansion, instead of being $25,000, with the
clerkships stated in this bill amounted to some
fifty-four thousand dollars.
Now, sir, I do not think that that is too much
for the support of the Presidential Mansion. I
am prepared to vote for it. I am prepared to
vote for any amount that is necessary to main-
tain the dignity of that high position. But, sir,
my honorable friend from New York states
that instead of the clerical force that has been
usual heretofore there have been detailed for
that service persons who are connected with
the Army of the United States. I have to say
upon that subject that if the services of those
officers are not required in the Army I am
prepared to curtail the Army to the extent of
those who have been so employed, and thus
reduce the expenses of the Army. If they are
not required in the field, if they are not required
for active service, I think that if we desire to
practice true economy in this House we should
begin there, and reduce the Army.
I will say further, sir, that I look upon it as
degrading to these officers to be taken from the
field, to be taken from actite duty and have
positions assigned to them to do the duty of
ushers at the Presidential Mansion. I think
that they will upon calm deliberation view it in
the same light in which it is viewed by gentle-
men upon this floor.
I have not risen for the purpose of asking a
reduction of one dollar. I do not think that
the President of the United States is receiving
salary enough. I am prepared to vote him as
many clerks a9 are necessary to do the duties
of his office, and I know that those duties are
onerous. But instead of these military officers
give him clerks, give him men who should
occupy these positions. Do not degrade the
Army of the United States by placing military
officers high in rank, officers who, as has been
stated on this floor, have received honorable
scars in the discharge of their duties as military
men—do not degrade the Army of the United
States by placing such officers in the positions
of clerks to do the business that should be per-
formed by others.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not quite agree
with my friend from Maryland, [Mr. Swann.]
Although I would go for economy to any extent
to which the gentleman would go, I am opposed
to military officers surrounding the Presidential
Mansion, Or surrounding the House of Repre*
sentatives, for another and a different reason
from the one that I understood him to assign.
I have always understood, I have always
believed, and I believe to-day, that the great
danger to civil liberty is from the Army, and I
would not have the Army or its officers placed
in positions of civilians. I remember the
time when it was attempted, as I thought, by
the then Secretary of War to surround this
Capitol by armed men. I remember when a
proposition was presented to this House to
abolish the Capitol police that we had here
and to supplant them by officers of the Army,
in the interest of economy.
Sir, I would not have legislation done in the
presence of the sword. They are so far incom-
patible that they do not accord with each other,
and the one should never be allowed to be sub-
servient to the other. The civil power should
never be overawed by the sword and bayonet.
I am not in favor, either in the interest of
economy or in any othar interest, of placing
officers of the Army in the place of clerks, or
in the place of civilians, or in the place of ser-
vants. The presence of the Army or of Army
officers is always dangerous to liberty. I am
jealous of the power of the Army. I would
not have the civil authority in any manner
restrained by the Army; I would not have it
overawed or subjected by the Army. I remem-
ber with humility when the War Office, in a
time of profound peace, was surrounded by
armed men. I looked upon it then as a men-
ace to liberty. I look upon that as a state of
things which will always exist when you would
supplant the civil authority by the power of
the sword of the Army. I am opposed, there-
fore, under any and all circumstances to hav-
ing civil offices filled by officers of the Army.
We have too much Army as it is. We do not
need an Army. We do not need warriors in
time of peace, and the further off from the
people the Army is the better for the people,
the more secure will be the liberty of the coun-
try. I am, therefore, opposed to any such prop-
osition in the interest of economy, or in any
other interest that I can imagine.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SWANN. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. I renew the amend-
ment to the amendment for the purpose of
saying that to me this seems to be a very great
fuss about a very small matter. I do not see
any impropriety in the President of the United
States, who by the Constitution is made the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy
of the United States, detailing officers whose
services are not needed in the field as secre-
taries ; and not only that, but as military sec-
retaries, if you please, for the time being. He
may as well have a man there by his side
as his Secretary who understands something
about the Army and about military matters as
to be obliged to send over to the Adjutant Gen-
eral's Office whenever he wants a clerk capable
of writing properly a military order.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman allow a
question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly..
Mr. WOOD. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman if he is quite sure that the President
of the United States has not forgotten that he
is now not a major general of the Army, but
the President of the United States?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not a major gen-
eral of the Army; the President of the United
States was General of the Army.
Mr. WOOD. Has he realized the fact that
he is now President, not General of the Army?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Whether the Presi-
dent has forgotten or not that he was General
of the Army, the people of the United States
have not forgotten it, and will not be likely to
forget it for a long time to come.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Swaxx]
speaks about increasing salaries, and giving
the President a higher salary in order to be-
stow respectability upon his office. Now, the
salary of an officer is not a gauge of the re-
spectability of his office, whether he draws much
or little salary for his services. The amount
of salary attached to an office does not gauge
the dignity of the officer or the amount ot
respect which the people will pay him. Gen-
, eral Grant, the present incumbent of that high
; office, has conquered the respect not only of
I the people of the Unitfed States, but of man*
