1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
5159
nese immigration may be, tliey will still form
a very insignificant proportion of our aggre-
gate population.
I have said that this immigration, as we
know it at the present, moment., is not of a per-
manent character. They come here in order
to work a few years to make some money, and
then go home again and enjoy their gains. I
do not know what the average stay of a China-
man maybe; but I assume that in all prob-
ability it is not over ten or twelve years.
Now, sir, as long as the Chinese immigration
continues to have that character, 1 agree that
it is not well fitted for naturalization. These
temporary immigrants will essentially lemaiu
Chinese and not become Americans. But it
is also evident that these temporary immigrants
will not desire to be naturalized. Tliey might,
indeed, be prevailed upon to do so by some
one who has them under his control and may
find it convenient to use them as a political
machine. And in so far they might become a
dangerous political element, but only in local-
ities where they accidentally congregate. We
have, however, a preventive at our Command
which will be efficient. 1 fully agree wiih the
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] who
introduced a bill to prevent the importation
of coolies under labor contracts. I think it
is eminently just and proper that such a bill
should be passed; that the making of labor
contracts in foreign lands, by which consider-
able numbers of laborers may he thrown upon
this continent, to be held here not exactly in
slavery, but in a certain dependency which
savors of servitude, should be prohibited. 1
am convinced that it' we do pass a law like that
the number of Chinamen coming to this coun-
try, being reduced to that class who come
voluntarily, will be very much limited ; that
instead of going on increasing it will in all
probability diminish.
But suppose the character of Chinese immi-
gration to change; suppose they no longer
come here for the purpose of working a lew
years and then to go back, but for the purpose
of settling like other immigrants; do you not
see that then, not only the circumstances under
which they immigrate will change, but the char-
acter of the immigration will at, the fame time
be essentially different; that we shall have a
far better class? I am not prepared to say
whether it is probable that we shall have a very
large number of permanent Chinese settlers.
So far* I understand, this class has not been
very numerous upon the Pacific coast. I am
aware that Chinese settlements have been
formed on the islands of the Pacific ocean,
and some also in Biitish Guiana ; but none so
far of any importance, as far as 1 am aware,
on our Pacific coast. Perhaps the Senator
from Oregon could give more definite inform-
ation on that subject. It is probable that they
would prefer the tropical climate in which tliey
thrive.
At any rate, as soon as Chinese immigration
changes its character so as to form permanent
settlements upon American soil, one conse-
quence is certain : the Chinaman, Irausplanting
himself permanently from his own home to
this country, will soon cease to be a Chinaman;
he will be obliged to identify himself with the
interests of this country, to accommodate him
self to the requirements of our civilization.
What will you do with him then? Can you
altogether exclude him then from our body-
politic? You cannot, for you must consider
that Chinese children born upon the soil of
this Republic will be American citizens ipso
facto&s well as othernatives of the soil. What,
(hen. will you do with that population? Will it
not be absolutely necessary to bring them under
the beneficent influences of our social and
political systems? And will it not be well to
commence with the parents settling upon our
soil? Is there any oilier solution of the prob-
lem possible? I see none.
The problem then, it seems to me, resolves
itself into this: as to permanent, Chinese im-
migration, people who come here to settle
among us, to identify themselves with our in-
terests, to join their foitunes with ours, to live
under our protection, and to raise children
who will be native-born citizens of this Repub-
lic, there is no other solution possible but that
they should be included in our system of natu-
ralization. On the other hand, I deem it emi-
nently desirable that some method be found
by which it shall be rendered impossible that
the temporary immigrants, coming here only
for th.e purpose of working a short period, then
to go home again, shall be made a political
machinery to be worked in the hands of un-
scrupulous employers. It is evident that the
amendment brought forward by the Senator
from Oregon is not a fit means to effect both
ends. lie excludes men from the naturaliza-
tion laws on the mere ground of nativity ; and
it lias already been pointed out to him that
nativity cannot be the test without working
great injustice. Neither does he desire, I think,
to exclude from the benefit of our naturaliza-
tion laws those Chinamen, however intelligent,
well disposed, industrious, and wealthy they
may be, who come among us to cast their des-
tinies permanently with ours; but what he
does desire to accomplish is to prevent from
becoming an element of political power that
floating class which never identifies itself with
the interests of this country, but comes and j
goes. Is it not so? But if he does desire to
make lhat discrimination, certainly his amend-
ment is most imperfect.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Does the Senator wish
me to answer?
Mr. SCIIURZ. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will say that it is impos-
sible to reach the evil which the Senator men-
tions without including all Chinese; and so
far as the present immigration is concerned,
the intelligent and well-disposed Chinamen
who come to the United States are exceed-
ingly insignificant as to numbers. The great
mass of the Chinese who come here come as
servile laborers : and such will bo the nature
of the immigration for years aud years to
come, because capital is engaged now in pro-
curing that kind of labor.
Mr. SOUUliZ. 1 have alrpady said that the
class of people of whom the Senator speaks
can be reached with certain effect: I mean by
the passage of a bill like that introduced by
the Senator from Nevada, prohibiting labor
contracts in foreign lauds, such as those under
which these Chinamen are imported. But 1
submit to the Senator from Oregon whether it,
would not be possible for linn to draft an amend-
ment to the naturalization law coveiing that
elass of people who come here under labor
contracts. 1 have hiiniedly attempted t.odraw
such a clause, but have not succeeded to my
own satisfaction. But I am certain that some-
tiling of the kind can lie drafted that will meet,
the purpose, of excluding fioni naturalization
those birds of passage who, as a political ele
meut, would be worthless and dangerous, with
out, however, doing injustice to those who in
good faith come to cast their lot with us.
So far the question of Chinese immigration
has touched the labor problem of this country
in a few sporadic spots. It has hero and there
disturbed local arrangements The Senator
from Oregon has already alluded to what is
taking place in Massachusetts at the present
moment. 1 am certainly opposed to the intro-
duction of a new class of serfs, and I think we
-can hardly have legislation too stringent to
prevent that sort of dangerous invasion. But,
sir, there is a certain number of Chinese work-
men now among us. They have found their way
even into the heart of Massachusetts ; and the
question devolves upon us* what is to bo done
with them ?
I would venture upon a suggestion to our
friends in Massachusetts. Instead ot persecut-
ing the Chinese would it not be tar better to
make a hearty attempt to educate them right m '
their midst? Ism>tthisagieat problemfor the
celebrated philanthropists of the old Bay Stale?
They can accomplish something very desirable.
I am sure that with the teachings of our civiliza-
tion—aud here is a poiut which I consider very
important, and from which it will appear that
even that temporary Chinese immigration is
not without its intrinsic value to this country—
I am sure that with the teachings of our civil-
ization even the Chinamen, much as he may
be wedded to the customs of his old home, will
gradually acquiie also the wants of our civil-
ization ; and as he acquires these wants I am
sure he cannot fail to'acquire a taste for higher
wages to satisfy those wants. And he will ask
for those higher wages as soon as he begins 18
understand that he is entitled to them and can
have them'as soon as be insists upon them.
1 doubt not if the Crispins of North Adams,
Massachusetts, instead of persecuting and
swearing at the Chinese will set themselves to
work to inform them of the value ot their work,
the Chinese will not be so absolutely forlorn
and obtuse as not gradually to understand
that it is better for them to take what they
can get.
I believe, therefore, that the influx of a small
labor element like that will by no means per-
manently disturb the conditions of production
in such a country as Massachusetts is. I do
not believe that the Chinese, interspered with
our population as they may become, if the
servile contract system be stopped, will very
long remain as cheap producers, as they now
are; neither will they remain as bad consumers,
as tliey now necessarily must be. On the con-
trary, having been for a certain season in thu
country, those who go home will do so with
new wants; at home they will propagate those
wants, and propagating them they will grad-
ually crcate markets there for the products of
our civilization, which so far have not existed
there. If I am well informed, this result is
already felt, in our Chinese trade; and thus
even the coolie immigration confers a not un-
important benefit, upon the commercial interests
of the western world. .
Now, sir, 1 repeal, while I am strongly op-
posed to the servile labor contract system and
coolie importation, while I am strongly in favor
of legislation to prevent it, I do not see how in
point of principle we can put any obstacle in
the way of those Chinese who voluntarily come
and reside among us and to abide by our for-
tunes. Their number, I am sure, as soon as
the coolie trade is suppressed, will not be
extravagant, and in the course of time will bo
hardly felr, in proportion to the aggregate of
our continually growing and expanding popu-
lation. I am certain ot another thing, and that
is, that in the second generation the superior
civilization of this Uepublic will entirely absorb
theirs.
Although entertaining these views, sir, I
should not have thrust this question into the
debate upon this naturalization bill. I am free
to say that in point of principle 1 cannot seo
how I can vote for the amendment of the Sen-
atorfrom Oregon, norliow 1 can voteagainst the
amendment offered by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, comprehensive as it may seem. But
had I been in the place of my friend from Mas-
sachusetts I openly confess to him I should
have withheld the amendment on the present
occasion. I feel perhaps as strongly upon the
question of principle as he does ; but still I
believe that the question we are now discuss-
ing is not yet fully matured, while it now serves
to obstruct the passage of a useful bill. When
acting upon the Chinese question our action
should, perhaps, be move caTcfully considered
and more complete. Wc should, to make our
legislation more satisfactory to ourselves and
to the country, be prepared to put into our bill
those precautions which the many-sided prob-
lem calls for. I do think, when discussing the
j servile laboi bill offered by the Senato- from
| Nevada, (and I hope this Congress will not
adjourn without having passed such an act.)
an amendment like that offered by the Senator
