1384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
moots of the Government would take the State
Department as a model we would have another
condition of affairs.
That the clerks of the State Department are
far above the average standard of clerkship is
the common remark of every man who under-
stands the affairs of that Department, and is a
statement which, I think, will be confirmed
by the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. No Department is ran so cheaply.
Bat because, on account of the smallness of
the force, there haa been an accumulation of
letters so that letters are not answered within
less than three or four weeks, and because they
ask for an extra clerk or two which they ought
to have, I will not sit here in my seat and allow
a charge of want of economy to be brought
against that Department when 1 know the con-
trary. I know that if we will only pursue this
matter of economy into other Department* of
the Government,into the Navy and other places,
when other bills come up, we will find plenty
of material on which to work heforethe session
rlopco.
Mr. AXTELL. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman to the point which I made.
I voted for the additional clerks. What I oom-
Slained of was the indefinitenees of the bill.
[iscellaueows items occur twice. Hera are
appropriations for "contingent expenses," for
" extraclerks," for u miscellaneous expenses,
$30,000;" and farther, for "miscellaneous
items, $2,000," after "furniture, fixtures, and
repairs.''
Mr. COX. Well, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawks] has answered that already
satisfactorily, as ranch so as it could possibly
be answered. From the very nature of the
expenditures some must be indefinite and mast
come under the head of44 miscellaneous."
Mr. BANKS. The phrase 44 miscellaneous
items" is absolutely necessary in this connec-
tion, because it is impossible to specify all the
little uses to which the money can be applied.
Mr. AXTELL. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
_Treasury Department:
For compensation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, two Assistant Secretaries of the Treasure, chief
clerk. eleven clerks of class four additional to one
clerk of olass four as disbursing olerk, twelve clerks
of class three, sixteen clerks of class two. fifteen
clerks of class one, one messenger, one assistant
messenger, and three laborers, $100,500.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out that
paragraph, and insert in lieu thereof the fol- j
lowing:
For compenaatioa of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. W.000; two Assistant Secretaries of the Treasury, >
83,500 each; chief clerk, H200; nine heads of di*w- I
ions, at *2,500 each; forty-nine Marks of class four !
additional to one clerk of class four as disbursing
clerk, thirty clerks of olass three, twenty-six clerks
of class two, twenty-seven clerks of class one, thirty-
two female clerks at (900 eaeh, eleven messengers,
one assistant messenger, and ten laborers, in all
1280,940,
The _ original text of the bill is precisely i
according .to the estimates, and contains an
appropriation for every clerk and other officer
in the Department, as disclosed by the esti-
mates, ana of whieh we have any record what-
ever. Bgt a provision inserted by the com-
mittee on page ,20 of the bill, reducing the
appropriation for temporary clerks from $200,-
000 to $40,000, and providing that no tempo-
rary clerk shall receive a greater compensation
than at the rate of $1,200 per annum for the
time actually employed, led to a disclosure of
the fact that there were and had been for a
good many years employed in the Treasury
Department, although never estimated for or
appropriated for specifically, two hundred and
sixty-one elerks paid oat of one fund, and
seventy-nine clerks paid ont of another fund,
their pay amounting in the aggregate to $473,-
160; so that while the Congress of the United
States, for the lastfonr or five years, have sup-
posed that they appropriated what was esti-
mated for in the book of estimates for the cleri-
cal force of the Treasnry Department they have
actually fallen short of the amount $473,160.
A portion, two hundred and sixty-one of these
elerks, have been paid out of what is called
the loan fund. Section nine of the loan act
provides that the necessary expenses of en-
graving, printing, preparing, and issuing the
United States notes, Treasury notes, fractional
notes, and bonds thereby authorized, and of
disposing of the same to subscribers and pur-
; chasers, shall be paid out of any money in the
i Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and the
) whole amount shall not exceed one per ceut.
; of the amount of notes and bonds issued. And
! upon au appropriation made under that section,
there have been paid, from year to year, two
hundred and sixty-one clerks in the Treasury
Department, amounting in the aggregate to an
expense of $850,160, without any notice of
that fact being brought to the attention of Con-
gress in any appropriation bill. And then
there has been appropriated from year to year
the sum of $200,000 for temporary clerks.
The Committee on Appropriations thought that
temporary olerks meant clerks for an exigency.
For instance, when we call upon the Depart-
ment for information to such an extent that
their regular force cannot comply with the
resolution, then there would be a necessity for
a force of temporary elerks.
Now, for the purpose of confining this appro-
priation to temporary clerks, we first cut it
down from $200,000 to $40,000, and then put
in a proviso that the temporary clerks should
be paid at the rate of $1,200 a year while actu-
ally employed. This bronght out the fact that
there were seventynine clerks of the regular
force, of the permanent force of the Depart-
ment, paid from the temporary fund appropri*
ation. Therefore, if that proviso were allowed
to stand, the force in the Department would be
crippled to that extent. Consequently the Sec-
retary of the Treasury—if this policy is to be
pursued of making the temporary clerk appro-
priation mean what it says on its face—has
been obliged to ask for a permanent appropri-
ation for all of those clerks whom he aeems it
necessary to retain. And in the paragraph I
have now offered as a substitute, at his sugges-
tion, provision is made for a permanent appro-
priation for all of these temporary clerks that
are necessary, and for such others of the cler-
ical force, hitherto paid out of the loan fund,
as had nothing to do with that loan. That is
the occasion for this amendment.
This is not a new thing introduced by the
present Secretary of the Treasury, but one
which haa come down to him from his prede-
cessors, The evil ia that the Department
needs to be reorganized, and until it is reor-
ganised the,country cannot know, from the
manner in which the necessities of the service
require it to be carried on in its present con-
dition, how much it really costs to carry on
the service of that Department; but a reor-
ganization of the Treasury Department is a
thing that the Committee on Appropriations
cannot institute; it must come from some
other source ; and I hope that before the close
of this session it will come from some other '
quarter, and that there will be such a reorgan-
ization of that Department that the country
may know in regard to every man employed i
there, what are his precise duties ana what 1
is his precise compensation; but until that is
done it is absolutely necessary that the provis- 1
ion I have now moved as an amendment, or
something equivalent to it, should be adopted.
There are stilly left two hundred clerks to be
supported indirectly from this loan fund in
the manner to which I have already alluded.
They are so left by the Committee on Appro-
priations because they are not able, they have
not that knowledge of the duties of the Treas-
ury Department to justify them to assign them j
to particular duty or upon particular pay. :
They can be taken from that fund only when
the Department shall be reorganized in the
manner I have indicated. !
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman answer j
a question? 1
Mr. DAWES. Certainly ; if I can.
Mr. WELKER. Does the amendment which
the gentleman has proposed increase or de-
crease the number of employes in the Treasury
Department ?
Mr. DAWES. It does not increase the
number of actual employes in the Depart-
ment ; it only brings to the surface and into
the appropriation bill those who for a great
while have been employed in the manner I
have stated. Instead of its being an increase
of the actual force of the Department, it is a
decrease. I will incorporate as a part of my
remarks the letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury on the subject.
The letter was as follows:
Trbasuby Dkpartmknt, February 7,1870.
Sir: I inclose a draft of a section for the appro-
priation bill, which, if passed, will provide for a per-
manent organization of all tho clerks now employed
in this office who cannot with entire propriety be
: placed upon the loan fund. You willseo, uponcom-
, paring the provisions of this section with tbe letter
Xleft with you. that tho numbor of clorks provided
for is considerably in excossof the number at presont
employed upon the temporary roll. X found, upon
examination, that there were one hoad of division,
nine fourtholass, five third class, one second olass,
three first olass, twenty-five women, ton messengers,
and seven laborers employed in the office and paid
from the loan fund who. in my judgment, cannot bo
charged to that fund without raising a doubt as to
the propriety of the proceeding. Therefore, to re-
move the uncertainty, 1 desire that provision should
be made for them, and tho loan fund will bo relieved
to that extent. I have put tho heads of divisions at
$2,500, tho amount now pud iu- the internal revenue
office; but as a matter of fact these officers are now
and for some time past have been receiving $2,800
per annum out of the appropriation authorizing an
increase of the salaries of certain clerks in the office.
They are nominally fourth-class clerks.
The number of third-class clerks asked for is three
less than the number now employed, and the number
of fourth-class olerks askod for is live greater than
the number now employed. Tho addition of two
fourth-class clerks is not at the present moment
absolutely necessary, but the force in two of the
, divisions is hardly equal to the business at the pres-
I ent time, and should there be any increase of busi-
ness an additional force will be required. I shall
make no additional appointments unless there is a
; necessity for so doing.
There are at present three copyists, at salaries of
91,000 each. Those I have included with tho female
clerks, and put them all upon a salary of 9900 each.
Should Congress see fit to adopt the provision
submitted, tho clerks not properly .upon tho loan
fund will be placed upon a permanent basis, and the
appropriation of $40,000 for temporary olerks will
undoubtedly be ample, and, I trust, more than will be
actually needed.
Very respectfully,
GEORGE S. BOWTWELli, Secretary
Hon. Henry L. Dawks, Chairman of the Committee o*
Appropriation , llouaeof liepresentalivea, Washing-
ton, J). C.
The amendment of Mr. Dawes was then
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
In tho construction branch of the Treasury: for
supervising architect, assistant supervising archi-
tect. chief clerk, photographer, 82,500; two assistant
photographers, one at $1,600, and one at £1.200; two
clerks of class four, four olerks of olass three, three
clerks of class one, and one messenger, $26,740.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
by striking out the paragraph just read. This
construction branch of the Treasury Depart-
ment is one of those branches which has grown
up within the last few years. Prior to 1864
appropriations were made for two or three
years for an engineer, architect, draughtsmen,
&c., for the coastruction branch. I think tbe
first appropriation of that kind was made in
1854-55. The appropriations for the conduct
of that office, if it might then be called an office,
amounted at that time to $17,400, which in-
cluded more than nine thousand dollars for
draughtsmen. The draughtsmen,.it will be ob-
served, are not included in this appropriation at
all. They are now paid, not out of the appro-
priations made by Congress for carrying on
the office, but out of the various appropriations
made for the construction of publio-buildings.
At that time over seven million dollars were
expended under the direction of an office which
only cost, draughtsmen and all, about seven-
teen thousand dollars annually. In 1855-56
there were available, to be expended under the
construction office, over nine million dollars.
We were then constructing the Capitol. The
