5160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 4,
from Massachusetts would be well in its place.
He would not have been understood as retreat-
ing from his position or the question of prin-
ciple bad he consented to withdraw his amend-
ment from the present debate.
Mr. SUMNER. But my friend will see that
that would be an abandonment of the whole
cause. I have struggled for four years to get
a vote on this proposition. This is the first
time I have been able to do it.
Mr. SCHURZ. I certainly appreciate the
motives of my friend from Massachusetts; but
he cannot persuade me that it would be an
abandonment of the whole cause. It would
indee,d be an abandonment of a most uncertain
advantage as far as this day and this hour are
concerned; but most certainly that problem
must be solved at some time, and it will have
to be solved soon. And surely there is also but
one solution tor this problem, afier all that has
Sassed in this country within the last ten years.
lo, sir, I do not see that it would be an
abandonment of the cause. On the contrary,
I am sure that the bill of the Senator from
Nevada will soon bring on a most inviting
opportunity for the settlement of this ques-
tion. Do we not all feel the necessity, under
the pressure of that excitement which now pre-
vails in the country—unnecessarily, I think,
but it does exist—of passing some bill covering
this subject at the present session of Congress?
And will not my friend from Massachusetts
have his opportunity then ? Therefore, while
fully agreeing with him on the point of prin-
ciple, and after having voted twice vvilh liini,
thus showing that I agree with him, I would
appeal to him to remove that amendment from
this debate, instead of permitting it to stand
in the way of legislation which he himself
considers beneficent and almost necessary.
For he must see himself, if he continues
pressing his amendment now, it may even pass
here and yet not become the law ol the land,
while it is more calculated to defeat the legis-
lation to which it is joined.
" Mr. SAULSBCJRY. As consistency is a
jewel, I wish to show my appreciation of this
proposition, and therefore I move to amend
the proviso of the Senator from Oiegon by
adding " ur persons of the negro race ot for-
eign birth ;" so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That nothing in this act &hsill be con-
strued to authorize the naturalization of persons
hpm in the Chinese empire, or persons of the ne*?ro
race of foreign birth.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, the
Republican paity must be as immortal as Mil-
ton's angels—" vital in every part, and can but
with annihilation die;" because at least once
a week since I came into the Senate the Re-
publican party has been deliberately buried by
some one of its weeping friends. The Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Williams] has again an-
nounced its doom if his views do not prevail.
The Senators who have predicted the destruc-
tion of the parly unless their wishes could be
respected have generally been driven to the
•wall by the vote of the Senate; because it is
only in the most desperate cases that a man
attempts his own life or threatens that of Ins
party. These Senatois have generally been
defeated in measures which they declared essen-
tial lo the life of the party, and jet, despite
their gloomy predictions, the party goes stead-
ily on. The Senator from Oregon apprehends
great danger from the existence of theories ;
and 1 recollect that on a former occasion he
declared that we had nearly gone to national
destruction because Mr. Calhoun had been
strictly devoted to a theory.
Now, Mr. President—and I speak it in defer-
ence and with respect for that Senator—1 have
always understood that the difference between
a statesman and a quack in polities was this :
that the statesman examines a subject in all its
lights and bearings, and from its details and
essential circumstances deduces some general
principle in the light of which he deals with
the subject as a whole; whereas the quack,
ignoring principles, tinkers here and there in
patchwork and by piecemeal.
The United States was not brought to the
trials of civil war because Mr. Calhoun had a
theory, but because Mr. Calhoun's theory
was wrong. No danger need be apprehended
from our statesmen cherishing sound theories
of government or correct principles of civil
administration. So long as the theories of our
statesmen are just, the more strictly they are
adhered to the better for the country and for
the existence of our Government.
I do not intend to enter at length upon this
discussion, but to state briefly the views I enter-
tain, and which will control my vote.
The bill before us proposes to amend, in
several respects, Our naturalization laws. The
Senator from Massachusetts has moved an
amendment to strike the word "white" from
all laws upon the subject of naturalization ;
and our friends, the Republican Senators ft otn
the Pacific slope, are horror-stricken at the
thought that the Chinaman may claim admis-
sion to citizenship under our laws thus amended;
and the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams]
proposes to amend this hill by declaring that
no person shall be admitted to citizenship who
was born in the Chinese empire. We have re-
ceived the embassador of that empire with
more distinction than wo ever received the em-
bassador of any foreign nation since we became
a nation. Yet it is now proposed to say by law
that no subject of that empire, no matter how
long he has resided among us, nor bow thor-
oughly he may have become identified in inter-
est with us, and no matter what may be his
character, intelligence, or virtue, shall ever
become an American citizen.
Whenever,", new question arises in the details
of administration, whenever a new subject is
presented for legislative regulation, and doubts
exist in regard to the course to be pursued, it
is safer to be guided by principle than by preju-
dice 01- passion. What, then, is the American
principle that should snide us hero? There
are, ot' course, many theories as to where the
right of suffrage should be vested. Those
writers on ihe science of government who
believe that the few were designed to govern
the many have long since predicted the ruin
of our nation, because the right of suffrage is
so widely extended. Some contend for a stand-
ard of intelligence ; some would seek the stand-
ard in wealth; some in blood: some* in one
thing, and some in another. But we Amer-
icans have met all the discussions and argu-
ments upon this subject with a broad American
principle, which is that every man whois bound
by the law ought to have a voice in making the
law. This single maxim, the corner stone of'
our institutions, we have laid down as our
ultimate determination of the whole matter.
Mr. STEWART. Is that stnctly correct?
Do we not make a distinction as to foreigners
now, lequiring them to lemain here five years
before they can become citizens, although they
are subject to our laws the moment they land
here? Do we propose to wipe out all those
distinctions?
Mr. CARPENTER. If the bill before us
violates tundamental principles it ought not
to be passed merely because other statutes have
done the same thing; and I am far from assert-
ing that no such statute can be found.
Mr. STEWART. Then we had better re-
peal it.
Mr. CARPENTER. When the Senator,
brings in a bill for that purpose it will be in
order to discuss it; but I am now considering
the principle which ought to be applied to the
subject before us, - When the war closed, eman-
cipating four million.slaves,degraded and ignor-
ant, we were confionted with the question
whether they should be admitted to full rights
of citizenship. It was objected that they were
ignorant and degraded by their long condition
of servitude. But, sir, we determined this ques-
tion in a statesmanlike way. We said that
every free man subject to the law ought to have
a vote; that the freedman was free and sub-
ject to the law, therefore he ought to vote.
The difficulty bravely met, the problem solved
upon principle, the emergency has passed, and
no man fears that our institutions are endan-
gered.
But now a new question arises. Shall China-
men be citizens; or permitted to emigrate to
this country, shall they Constitute a class
inferior to citizens ? And strange to say, the
very men who settled the former question upon
principle now hesitate to apply the principle,
tested by its success in that case, to the instance
before us, and now interpose the very objec-
tions to the enfranchisement of Chinamen that
Democrats urged against the enfranchisement
of the freedman.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know whether I
shall have an opportunity to reply to the Sen-
ator or not.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly. Ishall speak
but a verv few moments.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 think the Senator is
altogether misrepresenting my views on that
question. I think I have been as devoted a
friend to the colored man in this country ashe
has been, and done as much to secure to him
the right of suffrage; but the arguments em-
ployed on this question are in no respect simi'-
lar to the objections to their rijjht of suffrage.
These are foreigners ; those were American
citizens.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator from Ore-
gon totally misapprehends me. Certainly he
has done much more than I have ; certainly he
has done as-much as any man to bring the slave
from bondage into the light of liberty; and I
honor him tor the service he has performed,
and, instead of undervaluing his services in
that particular, it is the fact ot'such preeminent
service which occasions my astonishment that
the Senator from Oregon should interpose his
great influence and talentto e.\clude Chimum-n
fiom the benefits lie has extended to the freed-
man. It is astonishing that any man whose
views are so broad, and whose heart is so large,
and whose fai:h in Americanism ought to be
so exalted after witnessing the thunderings and
lightnings which have attested its truth, should
now hes'tate lo follow the great principle's which
guided his conduct on former occasions. I am
reminded ol'one of Lamb's essays, the one upon
roast, pig. He describes himself as being a
generous man; says lie would divide wjth his
friend most ot' the good tilings of life, beef,
mutton, oysters, clams, &c.: but that eveiy
man's generosity must have some limit, and he
says he stops on roast pig; that he would not
divide a morsel of it-with the best friend he had
on ear- h. The Senator from Oregon is a liberal
statesman, and a good man—a man ol great
brain and of warm heart. He would welc une the
Frenchman, the Englishman, the German, the
Norwegian, and the Swede ; yes. the slave just
freed from his bonds, and the negto from the
interior of Africa; but the Senator's generos-
ity must have some limit, and so he stops on
the Chinaman ; the Chinaman is liis roast pig,
[Laughter.]
Mr. President, every candid man admitted
that it was subjecting our American theory to
a severe trial when we admitted the fVredmen
to citizenship; but there was no choice; we
had to apply the principle that every free man
bound by the law was entitled to vote, or we
had to say to the monarchists of Euiope that
their theory of government was right and ours
was wrong; that it would not do to permit all
men subject to the law io participate in the Gov-
ernment; that there must be some limitations
and some exclusions, and that the man who
could not be trusted was the man who had a
black skin. The latter view was so manifestly
absurd that we determined to abide by our
maxim and give the negro the b' neSt of it.
And no man did more to carry the public mind
to ibis commendable conclusion than the Sen-
ator from Oregon. And now, coming to the
Chinese question, I would like to have that
