1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5101
Senator show, if ho can, how we are to escape
the same dilemma. If all free men subject to
the law ought to have a vote, then the China-
man is entitled to vote. And if he be not
entitled to vote it is because the theory of free
government "of the people, for the people, by
the people," is a delusion. Sir,forone, Ipro-
pose to stand by our American principle of free
government, and, applying it to the case before
us, to say that the Chinaman who comes to
reside among us, who conforms to our laws,
shall be admitted to the rights of a citizen.
Byit, sir, suppose we were to make this ad-
.mission to the monarchists of Europe, and
confess that the dogma of self-government is
a delusion, and that the Chinaman, although
residing in our midst, and intelligent, indus-
trious, and virtuous, ought not to have a voice
in making the laws by which he is to be gov-
erned, by which his property is to be taxed,
and by which his life is to be rendered happy
or devoted to misery. Is it not certain thai
the Democrats, taking advantage of this ad-
mission, would press you again with their ob-
jections to the enfranchisement of the African?
And do you clearly see how, after this admis-
sion, you -xiuld meet their objections? And
where are you to stop ? Will you enter upon
a discussion of the property qualification, the
test of intelligence, and all the other anti-
American standards by which the monarchists
seek to measure the right of participation in
government? While you stand upon our great
principle of self-government you have a ready
answer against all objections. But that prin-
ciple surrendered we are at sea, and nothing
determined.
Sir, this American raaxim, that all freemen,
bound by the law, ought to have a voice in
making the law, is either a truth or a falsehood.
If it be a truth, the Chinaman is entitled to vote;
if it be a falsehood, then you must call witnesses
to prove that you are entitled to vote yourself.
M r. Til Li KM AN. W ill my l'neud allow mo
to ask him a question?
Mr. OA RPENTEIl. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. I merely wish to get the
views the Senator entertains. Is the Senator
irom Wisconsin in favor of woman suffrage?
Mr. POME ROY. 1 hope so.
Mr. OAHFKN 1'ER. I do not see the bear-
ing of that question upon the subject before
us; but 1 am happy to inform theSenatoi that
1 am. in favor of citizen suffrage without dis-
tinction of sex, color, or birthplace.
Mr. T13 UltilAN. That is satisfactory. The
next question is, is the Senator m lavor of
giving to the Indians of Alaska, who owe alle-
giance to our Government and obedience to
our laws, the tight of suffrage?
Mr. CARPENTER. That is leaving the
subject under consideration to deal with mat-
ters entirely foreign to it; but 1 can say to the
Senator that if he should offer an amendment
to this bill that no man born in Ak'ska should
enjoy civil rights and political privileges, or
any kindred amendment, I should vote against
it. In other woids, I am opposed to limiting
principles geographically; 1 am opposed to
saying that all men are created equal within
certain parallels of latitude, but that God in-
tended the people born north or f-outh ot those
lines to be the subjects of despotism. A man
is a man, no matter where he was born, no
matter what may be the color of his skin, and
is entitled to be treated like a man, and to
enjoy tiro rights, privileges, poweis, and im-
munities of a man, under any Government
which professes to be founded upon the prin-
ciple that all men are created equal.
Mr. THAYER. Will my fuend allow rae
to ask a question ?
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator will
wait until I am through I will yield to him
the floor.
Mr. THAYER. Will he permit the nat-
uralization laws to be applied to the Indians^
will he permit Indians to avail themselves of
the benefit of the naturalization laws?
Mr. CARPENTER. What Indians—In-
dians born in this country?
Mr. THAYER. Yes.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not understand
that they need much naturalization.
Mr. THAYER. I did not mean in this
country.
Mr. CARPENTER. The other Indians we
are not discussing. I am not authorized to go
beyond the Senator's question. He certainly
did not call for any opinion as to Indians out-
side of this country.
Mr. President, this cross-examination is
extending my remarks beyond what I had
intended. I simply desired to state the con-
clusions of my own judgment and the reasons
why 1 shall support the amendment offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts. It seems to
me that we must support that amendment or
repudiate the principle upon which we have
stood as a party; the principle upon which we
have budded as a nation. Often during the
war the darkness was so dense that the path
before us as a nation could not be seen. But
with the people, when sight failed, faith in-
spired them, and hand in hand and shoulder
to shoulder, and with faces imploringly uplifted
to Heaven, they walked hopefully and safely
through the gloom that enveloped them. So
let us do here. 'To admit the Chinamen to full
participation in the rights of citizenship may
well create some apprehension : but I would
sooner apply our principles to him than con-
fess them to be erroneous, and thus destroy the
only foundation upon which free government
can rest.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President—-
Mr. THAYER. Will iny friend allow me
to correct my question? I did not put it
tight.
Mr. WILSON. I will yield for a question.
Mr. CARPEN TER. I consent, having sur-
rendered the floor, that the Senator from Ne-
braska shall reconstruct his question. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. THAYER. The question I intended to
put to the Senator from Wisconsin was, if he
would bo willing that tire Esquimaux—I used
the term Indian, when I should have used the
term Esquimaux—the inhabitants of that region
of country, if they came here, should be allowed
to vote. Then again, would he be willing that
the Indians, who re natives of this country,
should vote?
Mr. WILSON. Has the Senator from Wis-
consin any answer to give to that.?
Mr. CARPEN TEU. 1 will waive an answer.
Mr. WILSON. Air. President, our repub-
lican institutions rest upon the purity of the
bsillot-box. It seems to me that every law that
the wit of man can devise, and every vigilance
we can possibly use should be employed to
keep the ballot-box forever pure. An Amer-
ican citizen who sells his vote, or who votes
when and where he has no right to vote, should
be sev( rely punished for such acts. 1 would
deny the right ever alterward to any man who
gives a vote when and wnere he knows he has
no light to cast one, who repeats his vote, or
who sells it. The ballot-box should be as
sacredly guarded by the American people as
monarchical Governments guard the rights of
descent to the Crown.
Everybody knows that during the past few
yeats couuptions have crept into our system;
that the most gigantic frauds have been per-
pt-lialed; that the public voice has been de-
feated, and that a portion of the people have
been corrupted. These things have taken place,
not only in the city of New York, but in other
parts of the State of New York, and in Penn-
sylvania. and in other sections of the country.
Such things have been tolerated, and even men
in good standing wink at them. 1 think the
Government of the United States, and those
of the different, States, should do all they prop-
erly can, and that the honest men of all parties
should unite to preserve the purity of the bal-
lot-box, through which the public sentiment
of the country can express itself in its integrity
and force.
The measure before us came here, as I
understood, for that purpose. I have heard
and read of the frauds complained of, and I
know that it is proved that such corrupt' prac-
tices have taken place in the country, and I
was desirous that they should be corrected-.
The measure comes up here, and we have ais
amendment proposed that, to the comprehen-
sion of every man here, at once makes it un-
certain whether anything is to be done this
year; makes it certain that a debate and dif-
ference of opinion are to take place; makes it
certain that time is to be consumed, and that
this question or some other question of im-
portance is to be sacrificed before the adjourn-
ment of Congress. That was clear to my mind ?
and so clear was it that I gave my vs>te and!-
my voice against the amendment. It lias been,
sustained by the Senate, and we are here at-
nearly four o'clock on this day, debating a
question that, if this amendment had not been
moved, would have been settled on Saturday,
and we should not have been here to-day.
Now comes another amendment, and I pro-
pose to vote and intend to vote against it.
Why? Because it involves principles that
divide us, and endanger, in my judgment, the
passage of this bill, and I intend to vote against
it without any reference to its merits, as I
voted against the other. I intend to stand by
the bill, pure and simple, as agreed upon by
the Senate and also by the committee that has
the care of it; and I care not what amend-
ments are proposed, whether I agree with the
principle involved in them or not, I intend to
vote against them.
It has been suggested that we put upon this
bill the important measure to stop the import-
ation of servile labor into the country under
labor contracts, a system that, in the clear light
of the nineteenth century, is more wicked than
was the African slave system one hundred
years auo in the darkness of that period. But
I would not- vote for it if it was proposed on
this bill. I want it brought up, and will stand
here night and day, and camp here if need be,
to pass it; but I am against putting it on this
bill. I trust Senators will put nothing upon
this bill which shall imperil it in this House
or in the other, but that we shall pass it and
take these other questions as they come up.
So much for this bill. Now, after what has
been said here to-day on the right hand and
on the left in regard to Chinese immigration,
I wish to say a word. I believe that God made
man in Ilis own image and of one blood.
Wherever there is a man throughout God's
heritage I recognize him as a man belonging
to the brotherhood of humanity, and I will
protect and defend him. I will stand by his
rights at any cost and atauy sacrifice. Whether
a man comes from Asia, Africa, Europe, or
the isles of the seas, whatever be his language
or his religion or his faith, if becomes to these
United States, I would throw over him the
shield and protection of equal law; I would
meet him like a brother and treat him as a man
that God made, and for whom Christ died.
We have men in the interest, not of human-
ity, not of the Chinaman, not of the country,
but merely in the interest of monej', who are
importing these Chinese. They act as the old
slave-traders did, who sent New England rum
to the coast of Africa, and bought men and
brought them into the country and consigned
them to perpetual slavery. We have men
engaged in the business of importing Chinese
coolies, and their vile business is Hici\ asing.
These people from China are brought- h"ie
under labor contracts for long terms ot* years,
by which the importers make fortunes. They
are brought here and their labor sold under a
provision that they are to be carried back to
China dead or alive. They have no interest
in the country, and their labor is antagonized
against the !avrr if the free people of the Uni-
ted States. This fact stands out before us, aa<3
