1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1385
amount appropriated that year for the office,
including the draughtsmen, was $19,500. In
1856-57 the amount available to be expended
by that office was $8,910,000. The amount
appropriated for carrying on the office was
only $'21,000, including the draughtsmen, of
whom there were six, with an aggregate pay
of $9,600.
We now pass to 1864, prior to which year
the appropriations for this office were made
fugitively or occasionally. In 1864 something
like an organization of the office crept into the
law. The appropriation bill for that year con-
tained this clause:
"In the construction branch of the Treasury, one
superintendingarchiteet, one assistant architect, two
clerks of class four, four of class three, two of class
one, and one messenger at an annual salary of $600."
Making in all $18,000. That was in 1864.
But in 1868 Congress, believing that this bar-
nacle had grown about large enough, inserted
in the appropriation act of that year this pro-
vision :
" In the construction branch of the Treasury: for
supervising architect, $3,000; assistant supervising
architect, $2,000; for two clerks of class four, $3,600;
for four clerks of class three, $6,400; for two clerks
of class one, $2,400; and one messenger, $720; in all
818,120; and the clause in act of March 14,1864, pro-
viding for the officers, clerks, and messengers in tho
construction branch of tho Treasury Department, is
hereby continued in force until July 1,1869, and no
longer."
We thus provided as distinctly as a law could
provide that this office should continue until
July 1,1869, and no longer. But the nextyear,
overlooking this law, as we have overlooked
heretofore many laws limiting expenditures,
Congress somehow or other continued these
divers appropriations for carrying on this con-
struction branch, the appropriations being not
so large as those proposed in this bill. Thus
the office was revived. It is now proposed by
the bill under consideration to continue this
office, and to appropriate for it $26,740. This
has grown up to be an office requiring not merely
$26,000 annually; I undertake to say that this
very year that office is expending over fifty
thousand dollars for carrying itself on, notwith-
standing the fact that the appropriation for
that purpose last year was only a little over
twenty thousand dollars. I undertake to say
that the expenditures for salaries of employ6s,
and all the varied paraphernalia of the office
have amounted during this year to over fifty
thousand dollars, in defiance not only of the
act declaring that the office shall be discontin-
ued, but of the appropriation act of last year
by which the appropriations for this office were
limited to a little over twenty thousand dollars.
1 have a paper here giving the details of the
expenditures of this very year under that office,
and the number of clerks employed who were
never authorized under any act of Congress,
but who have been paid, not under any appro-
priation for the purpose of carrying this office
on, but out of various sums of money appro-
priated by Congress for the construction of
various buildings in different parts of the
United States.
Mr. Chairman, just let me give one instance
of how the wishes and action of Congressare
defied by this subordinate officer in the con-
struction of the public buildings. In 1804 an
act was passed providing that the Secretary
of the Treasury might sell the marine hospital
at Chicago, and the proceeds of the sale should
be devoted to the erection of a new structure
on the express condition that in no event
should the new building cost more than there
was received as purchase-money for the old
one. The old marine hospital was sold for
$135,000, a sum sufficiently large to build a
new marine hospital suitable to the wants of
Chicago. Ten thousand dollars were paid for
a new site down near Hyde Park, on the lake
shore. They used all they received for the
old building, together with $35,000 appropri-
ated last year, and now they ask for $100,000
more. To complete it? Oh, no: they do not
propose to complete it. They ask for another
$100,000 merely for the purpose of continuing
the stone-cutting.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. So far as there is any dis-
crepancy between the amount proposed to be
appropriated for the expenses of the archi-
tect's office and the amount appropriated for
previous years, it arises from the fact that
there have been brought into this place ex-
penses heretofore charged upon the different
appropriations for the construction of public
works. I do not understand that there is any
I absolute increase of expense in this office.
|! Now, that there is need of a corrective in this
office I agree with the gentleman from Illinois;
t but, sir, there must be some person who shall
^ have charge of the public works in the country.
! These public works are most extensive. They
; extend from the city of Portland, in Maine, to
the city of Portland, in Oregon. They are in
! all parts of the country. They, of course, re-
quire some one to supervise them and direct
their construction. Whether the man who now
occupies that place is or is not the proper man
I do not propose to discuss just at this time;
but the necessity which exists for some one to
supervise the public works, I think my friend
from Illinois will agree with me, cannot be
questioned. While I do not desire myself on
this bill to discuss the qualifications of the
present incumbent of this office, still it is due
to the country to say that if he be qualified for
discharging the duties of this place the one
who holds his appointment should exercise the
authority required by law. He is the one
whose duty it is to see that a proper man fills
the position ; and if the present incumbent is
not a fit man to hold that place he should not
stay there one hour. But, as I have said before,
that some one should be charged with that duty,
it seems to me, will be apparent to any man
who considers the extensive character of the
public works and the large amount of money
that is being expended on them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
the first two lines. If it be the pleasure of the
committee I will yield to a motion to rise, as
it is now getting late.
Mr. DAWES. If the committee will indulge
us I should like to go on for fifteen minutes
longer. We have made but little progress on
the bill to-day, and I am a little discouraged.
If we do not make more rapid progress with
the bill than we have done I shall feel com-
pelled to ask the House to close the debate
upon the whole bill. As it is now I do not
see when we are to get to the end of this dis-
cussion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am sure we will
not get past this item in fifteen minutes.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts what reply he has to make to
the declaration of my friend from Illinois that
this office has been repealed absolutely by act
of Congress ?
Mr. DAWES. I shall give an answer to
that. Last year, by an appropriation in which
we seemed to have lost sight of the provision
cited by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth,] the whole thing revived, and
now stands precisely as it did before that pro-
vision. I do not know why it was done. I
only know the fact.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not willing to
let this matter pass so lightly. As I said be-
fore, I think this is an office which ought to be
abolished. I think Congress in 1868 did well
to provide that it should not continue longer
than 1869. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] says that some officer is
necessary to supervise public buildings in the
United States. Perhaps that is true. It may
be well to employ some engineer or architect
to travel about and make contracts and super-
vise the erection of public buildings; but to
establish a great architect's office here in the
city of Washington is a very different thin§.
I do not de8iro to make war upon any indi-
vidual. I do not lAow who does this work.
All I know is that the public money is in this
way lavishly expended. I say it is gross ex-
travagance to establish in the city of Washing-
ton a great architect's office, having attached
to it all the paraphernalia of photographic gal-
leries and furniture shops, where they make
desks which cost $1,000. I am told that some
of the desks made in the construction branch
of the Treasury Department for the officials
of that Department cost somewhere between
eight hundred and one thousand dollars ; and
I am told that under the supervision of this
officer some twenty-five thousand dollars, or
thereabouts, were expended for looking-glasses
for the revenue branch of the Treasury Depart-
ment, for the clerks to comb their hair by,
and which the people of my district and your
district, Mr. Chairman, are taxed to pay for.
When we look at the lavish expenditure of
money in and upon public buildings I say that
it is time that we did away with this office
entirely. Sir, it has come to this—and the case
of the Chicago Marine Hospital is only one of
a number of such instances—it has come to
this, that these officers pay no more attention
to an act of Congress limiting the amount a
building shall cost than they would to a piece
of blank paper. We said here as solemnly and
emphatically as we could that the Marine Hos-
pital at Chicago should not in any event cost
more than was voted. They spent $25,000
more, and I do not know if they have yet
got the basement completed. They now ask
$100,000 more, to continue, not to complete the
work. Why, sir, buildings are being com-
menced all over the country under the recom-
mendation of this construction branch of the
Treasury Department which will cost millions
upon millions; in New York, $4,000,000; in
Boston, two or three millions. Millions are
looked upon as nothing now when it is a
question of the erection of public buildings.
Millions drop from the fingers of this archi-
tect' s office like so many drops of water. There
seem to be some officials who have run wild
upon the subject of erecting great menaento3
to themselves in all parts of the country in the
shape of expensive public buildings of granite
or marble.
I say it is time to put a stop to this. The
Secretary, though perhaps he can scarcely be
held fully responsible as he proceeds on the
information furnished by this separate branch
of the Department, recommends in the book of
estimates $25,000 for furniture at the custom-
house at Cairo. Why, $25,000 would build a
good custom-house. Twenty-five thousaud
dollars are recommended for furniture for the
court-house at Portland, Maine. Twenty-five
thousand dollars for the furniture of a country
court-house! I beg the pardon of my friends
from Maine for calling Portland a country
town, though it is not much more than that.
But it would not better the matter to say
$25,000 for the furniture of the court-house in
the metropolitan city of Portland, for desks
and chairs for the lawyers to write at and sit
upon. Why, in the good old times of econ-
omy we used to build very good court-houses
for $25,000, and furnish them to boot. All
through this book of estimates you will find
just such estimates as that recommended bj
the Secretary of the Treasury. The supervis-
ing architect of the Treasury takes these esti-
mates to the Secretary; the Secretary cannot
examine them all closely, and recommends
them upon the information furnished by the
architect.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call the attention of the committee to the
fact that even if an officer has done anything
wrong that is not a sufficient reason for abol-
ishing the office. An argument to prejudice is
not the way to deal with the present question.
Now, take this very question as to the furni-
ture for the court-house at Portland, which was
brought before the House bj the gentleman
