1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2329
Mr. OETH. I trust there will be no objec-
tion on the part of any one.
No objection was made.
personal explanation.
Mr. CONNER. Mr. Speaker, during the
canvass in northern Texas, which resulted in
my election to this House, it was proclaimed
upon the stump with some little gusto that it
did not matter how many votes I might re-
ceive, that being a Democrat and coming from
the South I would not in any event be per-
mitted to occupy a seat upon this floor. When
the question was asked why this would be so,
it was said that tin? gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. BuTLEii] controlled Congress, and
that it would bo an easy matter for him to
enlist this House as a,sfamst any Democrat pre-
suming to represent tho southern people. I
did not believe that, nor did seven thousand
voters of my district believe it. The decision
of this House made to-day has vindicated their
judgment, and in their behalf I thank the
House.
By way of explaining the interest taken by
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Siiaxks] in
opposing my admission to a seat here it is per-
haps due to myself—it is due at least to those
I respect—that I should relate a circumstance
with which, perhaps, many gentlemen of this
House are not acquainted. All of my family
are Republicans; and some of them are leading
Republicans in Indiana. My father was a prom-
inent opponent of the gentleman for the nom-
ination for Congress ; and perhaps there may
have been some little feeling growing out of
the contest before the Republican convention
of his district. I know nothing about that.
I know, however, that thegentleman supposed,
inasmuch as he had appointed me at one time
asa cadet to the Naval Academy, thatlbelonged
to him ; in other words, that my political actions
should be gauged by his dictation. I did not
see tho matter exactly in that light, [laughter,]
and I took occasion to oppose the gentleman
in one of his canvasses in Indiana. 1 simply
refer to this as a circumstance which may pos-
sibly serve to throw some light upon the course
of the gentleman with reference to my case.
As for the charges which have been brought
against me here, and which have been backed
up by some ex parte statements, I have simply
to express before this House the hope that a
fair and legitimate tribunal may be convened
before which I can appear, as I did before that
court-martial, and vindicate myself. When
the gentleman assails that court of inquiry he
attacks officers who have grown gray in the
service—men who have fought upon every bat-
tie-field from the Potomac to the Ilio Grande ;
men who knew that the charges against me
were false.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
not assailed the court. I have said that upon
the testimony before it the court doubtless did
right.
Mr. CONNER. I did not yield to the gen-
tleman for any explanation. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from 'Texas
declines to be interrupted.
Mr. CONNER. One word more. Mr.
Speaker, notwithstanding all the gentleman's
talent, notwithstanding all his reputed abilities,
I have been forcibly impressed to-day with the
conviction that he has missed his calling. He
makes an exceedingly good legislator ; but in
my judgment he would have made a much
better figure in the character of a low come-
dian. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled
to remind the gentleman that his language is
not parliamentary.
Mr. CONNER. 1 withdraw it.
Thanking the House for its indulgence thus
far, I have but to say that if I was guilty of
subornation of perjury not a single one of my
partisan friends controlled the courts in the
county where it was alleged to have been com-
mitted. Your grand juries are there; let the
charge be brought before them. I have the
sworn affidavits of every one of those witnesses
testifying that they were not suborned; bat
knowing that those affidavits did not bear upon
the case, I did not wish to burden the records
of this House with any such statements. This
is all I have to say. I thank the House for its
indulgence.
Mr. SIIANKS. I hope the House will per-
mit me to make a very brief explanation, ocpu-
pying but a single moment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Shanks] asks unanimous consent'
to make a personal explanation.
Mr. SCHENCK. For how long?
Mr. SHANKS. Notmore than five minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I trust the gentleman will
not ask that much time. I cannot giye way
for every ball to be thrown into this arena.
Mr. SHANKS. I hope the gentleman will
consent that I shall occupy one minute.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. SHANKS. The attempt of the gentle-
man from Texas [Mr. Conner] to.call atten-
tion to his father having been a candidate
against me has nothing at all in it. His father
was a friend of mine. But this young man has
not yet told this House that he did not commit
the very offenses which are charged against
him. He has not denied that he was turned
outoflhe Naval Academy for worthlessness.
He has not gainsayed one word that I said on
this floor; and I say again he is worthless.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled to
remind tho gentleman from Indiana that the
gentleman from Texas is now a member of the
House, and remarks which were in order an
hour ago are not in order now.
Mr. SHANKS. I beg pardon of the House,
but not of the member.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call the attention of the House to the fact
that the member from Texas has not even yet
denied having made those speeches to which
I have referred.
Air. COX. I object to his going on if he is
not entitled to the floor ; but I am willing he
should proceed if the member from Texas be
allowed to reply to him.
tariff bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I insist on my motion
that tho rules be suspended and tho House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the special order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of oider in regard to the business before
the Committee of tho Whole on the state of
the Union. When the committee rose last
evening I was recognized by the Chairman of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union as having the floor. I did not then
know what tho purpose of my colleague was
in regard to his own speech, save I learned
that ho desired to close the general debate.
I understand, however, an arrangement was
made which 1 did not know at that time, that
when we went into Committee of the Whole
again general debate should close in one hour
and a half. I will not in the slightest degree
interfere with my colleague's rights in regard
to this matter, and although I have tho floor
in the Committee of the Whole as a matter
of right, I will very cheerfully yield it up to
my colleague. I suggest that when my col-
league gets through I shall then be allowed to
take the floor, and to that end, if there be no
objection, I move that the time for closing the
general debate on the tariff bill be extended
from an hour and a half to two hours and a
half after the consideration of tho subject shall
bs again resumed by the committee.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Ml-. DAWES. I wish to be heard on that
motion.
The SPEAKER. The question is not de-
batable unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think there will be
any objection to my making a single remark.
We have had this general debate going on upon
this tariff bill for now nearly a month, and it
has practically almost excluded every other
business. As there is now before the House
important business demanding our action I
hope the gentleman will not press his motion
for a farther extension of time. We came here
on two or three occasions and found no one
ready to proceed with his remarks. On Satur-
day week, nobody being ready to go on, we
adjourned after the reading of the Journal. I
think the country demands that we should pro-
ceed with the business before us, and I shall
oppose any further extension of time for the
purpose ot general debate.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
10, noes 56.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now ask for a vote on
my motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (IT. R. No. 10G8) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other ourposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In accordance
with ray statement heretofore made, I yield the
floor to my colleagae, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SCHENCK then addressed the com-
mittee. [See Appendix.]
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the commit-
tee now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
10G8) to amend existing laws relating to the
duty on imports, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
irish colonization association.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill to incorporate the Irish Colo-
nization Association. I introduce it at the
request of a friend, and ask that it be referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
No objection was made; and accordingly the
bill (H. R. No. 1663) was received, read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution of
the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 218) expressing
the sympathy of Congress at the death of
Major General George II. Thomas.
leave of absence.
Mr. HAIGHT was granted indefinite leave
of absence.
Mr. HILL was granted leave of absence for
two days.
jajius and ohio rivers.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Reiohed, That the Committee,on Commerco bo,
and hereby is, instructed to inquire juto the expe-
diency oi' causing1 3, survey and examination.under
the direction of tlio War Department, oi tho hno <u
water coipimmio&tion between tide-water on tue
James river and the Ohio river, at the mouth ot the
Kanawha, by way of the James and Kanawha river*
a.ud their tributaries, with avicwot aseerrammg tho
practicability of gadh water communication ^ uvay
