4218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
The VICB PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be received.
Mr. CORBEIT. I desire to know what
amendment was attached to the proposition in
regard to the Osage Indian lands on the motion
of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Morrill.]
1 desire a, separate vo.te on that amendme&t.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon reserves the proposition alluded to by
him. If there be no other reservations, the
question is on concurring in the remaining
amendments agreed to as in Committee of the
Whole.
The unexcepted amendments .were con-
curred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the first of the reserved amend-
ments.
The Secretary read the first reserved amend-
ment, which was to insert as a new section
the following:
And be it further enacted. That no part of tho
moneys appropriated by this act, or which may
hereafter be appropriated in any general act or defi-
ciency bill making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian department,
to pay annuities due to, or to be used and expended
for the care and benefit of, any tribe or tribes of
Indians named herein, shall be applied to the pay-
ment of any claim for depredations that may have
been or may be committed by such tribe or tribes, or
any member or members thereof; and no claims for
Indian depredations shall hereafter be made until
Congress shall make special appropriation there-
for; and all nets and parts of acts inconsistent here-
with are hereby repoaled.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to offer a substi-
tute for that amendment, and I ask to have it
read for information. The Senator from Ore-
gon [Mr. Williams] I believe desires to amend
the original text. I ask to have the substitute
that I propose read for the information of the
Senate.
The Secretary read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That before any part of
the appropriation herein made shall be paid to, or
expended l'or the benefit of the tribe for which the
samo is made, itsball be the duty of the Secretary of
the Interior to deduct therefrom the amount of any
claim for depredations of such tribe upon citizens of
the United States which have been duly established
or proven as required by tho provisions of tho seven-
teenth section of the intercourse act of tho 30th June,
1884, and pay the samo over to tho injured parties, or
thoir legal representatives.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. We have fqund on the
border that the intercourse law was invaluable.
To repeal the intercourse law is to bring upon
us another war. Where depredations are com-
mitted, if tho parties are quiet and do not
revenge their own wrongs, do not undertake
to render evil for evil, the Government makes
restitution under the intercourse law ; but if
tho parties avenge their own wrongs it brings a
war upon us at once. If the Senate will allow
tho intercourse law to remain it will promote
peace and harmony ; but if it is repealed then
every fronticrman will take the law into his own
hands and you cannot prevent it. To repeal
that law on an appropriation bill, without
giving notice, after it has worked well since
1834, I think would be both injudicious and
unwise.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to ask the Senator
whether the repeal of the intercourse law will
be worse than it will be to provide that all the
appropriations for the Indians on the border
shall be applied to the payment of these claims,
leaving the Indians nothing to live upon, and
thus compelling them to commit depredations
on the settlers in order to get a living?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not want all their
appropriations taken. In fact, I suppose there
is but one instance—I never heard of but one—
where itwould take all theappropi-iations made
to a tiibe to pay for the damages committed by
them upon white settlers. 1 have heard of one
instance of that sort, and only one. These
claims are generally small. They have been
adjudicated in the Department, allowed bythe
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and approved
by the Secretary of the Interior, and the right
of payment is secured under the law now.
Why repeal it on an appropriation bill?
Mr. TIPTON. I desire to state very briefly
that the frequency of these depredations on the
property of white settlers is perhaps not appre-
ciated by the Senate. A few days since I spoke
with some degree of earnestness and feeling,
perhaps, on the subject of the intercourse
between our white settlers and the Indians,
and it appears, by papers which I have since
received, that on the 21st day of last month
Indians from the Winnebago agency, which is
one of the best agencies we have; the Indians
upon which are the most obedient, as I under-
stand, to law and to regulations; a portion of
that tribe—that specimen tribe; that finely
educated tribe; that highly cultivated tribe-
five in number, went out in a county in the
State of Nebraska and severed the head from
the body of a farmer following his plow, de-
tached his horses, stole his cattle, and drove
them into the vicinity of that very proper and
model Indian agency! That was done just a
day or two before I made my remarks on this
subject in the Senate. Under those circum-
stances, with these depredations existing, the
necessity for the proposition to which the at-
tention of the Senate is called by the Senator
from Kansas must be very evident to the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think when this matter
is understood, as 1 judge it now is by the Sen-
ate, the Senate will not concur in the amend-
ment made in Committee of the Whole. It is
very clear that it ought not to be concurred in.
Mr. POMEROY. I will withdrawmy amend-
ment for the moment in order to allow the vote
to be taken, and see whether the Senate will
concur in the amendment alread>y adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very clear to me
that we ought not to repeal the intercourse law
in this way, and I trust the Senate will not do
it. Let us non-concur in the amendment made
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
what the Senate may think about it; but the
head of the Department thought it a proper
thing to do, as I understand from the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state to the Sen-
ate one reason which occurs to my mind for
not repealing this law, or for not adopting thi3
amendment in its present form. Claims have
heretofore accrued under the existing law, and
many persons have advanced money upon those
claims; have, in point of fact, purchased them,
because the law made provision for their pay-
ment. Such persons havo presented those
claims to the Department, and they are now
pending before the Department. If this amend-
ment should be adopted those persons, inno-
cent persons, will be cheated out oftheirmoney.
The effect of the amendment is to repudiate
claims that are honest at this time against the
Government, and which have accrued under
existing law. That is one reason, in my opin-
ion, why the amendmentshould not be adopted.
I have personal knowledge of the existence
of such claims. I hope, therefore, for that rea-
son, this amendment will not be concurred in.
Mr. POMEROY. I agree with the Senator
from Oregon ; but if we can take a direct vote
on the amendment made in committee, and
vote it down, I shall be satisfied.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no in-
formation about this subject. Of course I know
nothing about the workings of the Department.
This proposition is in the bill, not at my in-
stance, but at the instance of the Department.
I did understand on a former occasion from
the Senator from Iowa, the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, who has had
some experience in that Department, that he
thought it a proper thing to do ; but 1 have no
personal desire about it. I have introduced
the measure in what I understood to be the
public interests as represented by the Depart-
ment. It is for the Senate, of course, to say
whether it is a proper thing to do or not. It
looks to me as if it was. There may be indi-
vidual cases. I do not know anything about
that; there are none to my knowledge; none
have been brought to my attention; but there
may be individual cases, as the Senator from
Oregon suggests, where persons relying upon
the law have made advances which they other-
wise would not have made. If such a ca'se
were known to exist, and the claim had been
audited by the Department, I should say this
proposition might work a hardship, and that
probably might be made an exception to this
general rule; but that the general rule would
work well I cannot doubt. At any rate, that
is the information I had from the Department..
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HARLAN. I am inclined to think tbat
if the members of this body were to familiarize
themselves with the embarrassment that the
Department is placed under they would not
vote this amendment down. It has become a
necessity. When this law of 1834 was enacted
the relations of the Indians to the white people
of this country were totally different from their
present relations. Then the Indians were all
kept west of the Mississippi and Missouri rivers.
All our territory lying west of those streams
was familiarly known as the Indian territory.
No white man not in the employ of the Gov-
ernment of the United States was permitted
to cross the line. Troops were stationed along
that line whose duty it was, under the direc-
tion of the President, to remove all white peo-
ple from the Indian territory, the whole of
that vast country; and if Indians were found
on our side of the line it became the duty of
the Government to send them back to their
side.
In this condition of things the law of 1834
was enacted, which provides that if Indians
cross over this line into the territory occupied
lawfully by white people, and commit depre-
dations on them, the amount shall be taken
from the annuities due the Indians if they are
annuity Indians, and if not it shall be taken
from the Treasury of the United States, pro-
vided the white people in the mean time have
not retaliated ; and on the other hand, if white
people cross the line, contrary to law, in vio-
lation of the statute, and commit depredations
on the Indians, the damages shall be taken
from the trespasser, and if it cannot thus be
obtained they shall be taken from the Treasury
of the United States and paid to the Indians,
provided the Indians have not retaliated in the
mean time and attempted to redress their
grievances.
This wa3 tho character of the law of 1834.
It was a measure of non-intcrcourse, in the first
place, between the white people and the In-
dians ; and in the second place, a measure of
peace, providing for indemnity both ways ; for
depredations committed on white people by
Indians, and on the other hand for depreda-
tions committed on Indians by white people.
Since then the whole country has changed.
We have organized the whole of that vast
country into territorial governments, except
the small district of country known as the
Indian territory. The whole of it is embraced
in one or the other of the Territories now
organized, where civil governments have been
established, into which white people have a right
to go, and where they are going by teeming
millions. They Hood the whole country. Now,
to undertake to redress the wrongs tbat may
be inflicted on tins vast multitude of white peo-
ple flowing into this country, out of the annui-
ties that may be due to the Indians, is to sweep
away the only means of support the Depart-
ment has at its disposal for these Indians.
This is the state of facts. The Department
reported it to the chairman of tbe Committee
on Appropriations, and asked to have that
law, which was enacted in 1834 to regulate our
intercourse with the Indian tribes, or rather
to prevent intercourse with them, so modified
