5162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 4,
wo ought to correct it. We have had tlie ex-
perience of this kind of labor in Peru, in the
guano islands, in British India, in the West
Indies. But a few weeks ago members of the
British Anti-Slavery Society, composed of per-
sons who have watched the effects of all these
measures from the beginning, who have been
for our country at all times, in peace and in
war, who have been for the interests of human-
ity steadily and strongly, sent here their mes-
sage to us, warning us against the baleful effects
of this system.
I introduced, on the 13th day of December
last, a bill to break up this traffic. Two months
later, on the 18th of February, I introduced a
modified bill, which went to the Judiciary
Committee. That committee have reported a
bill of their own. I want to see that bill taken
lip and passed. I have not heard a man in
either House of Congress who has declared
himself opposed to it. I take it there is no-
body who will oppose it. It was proposed by
the Senator from California, who is not now
present, [Mr. Casserly] to add some amend-
ments to it, but it seems to me that the bill as
it came from the committee would answer all
purposes, and that our true policy is to put it
through without amendment, and to do it
speedily.
I want to break up this modern slave-trade
system. I want to entirely extirpate it, and
then if Chinamen, like other men in the world,
come here as individuals, our country is open
to all, and we cannot arrest such immigration
whether we wish it or not. A great many have
come to the country that we would rather
had stayed out of it; a great many bad people
have come here, but with them a great many
good, from all countries, to aid in building up
this great nation. If Chinamen on their own
account choose to come here, without these
labor contracts, to engage in our labor, to take
a part with us, and especially if they intend to
come here to cast their lot with the people of
the United States, we must protect them, we
must treat them as human beings, we must
shield them from all harm. We must cany out
our legitimate doctrines, the doctrines to which
we stand pledged, and we must give them the
rights of American citizenship, for it is not the
interest of this country to have any degraded
classes among us.
Sir, I agree with the Senator from Missouri
that there is a great deal of unnecessary alarm
in this country on this question ; that these
people cannot come here by the hundreds of
thousandsand millions, as some of our country-
men apprehend. And yet, they are coming
here, under the present system, in large num-
bers, and they are being antagonized hy power-
ful corporations against the free labor of this
country, North and South. No wonder that it
creates a deep feeling among those who sup-
port the wives of their bosoms and the children
of their love by manual labor. That the toil-
ing millions of this country, the white men of
the North and the colored men of the South,
should feel apprehensive, that they should feel
deeply on this subject, is only human natuie.
Sir, I remember that a year or two ago lauds
that had been given to railroads in the South
lapsed, and we passed a measure that they
should be divided into eighty aeie instead of
one hundred and sixty acre lot?. It was
thought lo be for the interest of Alabama that
those lands should be given again to the rail-
roads, and that they should be builf, and I was
told, when I raised objections, hy the persons
interested in the matter, " We shall build sev-
eral hundred miles of road; we shall employ
a large number of colored persons at large
prices, who want labor." I knew that they
wanted employment. I knew that they wanted
good pay; that (hey needed it to improve their
condition and educate their children. Then
they said, ''We intend to divide these lands up
into small lots and make homesteads for these
colored people along the line of our road; we
shall build up that country."
It is reported that they now intend to im-
port Chinese laborers ; but I hope it is not true
that this railroad company to which we gave
those lands propose to bring fifteen hundred
Chinamen, imported by those modern slave-
traders, to take them on to the line of that
road and work them for sixty-five cents a day,
they boarding themselves, in lieu of paying
$1 75 to the colored men. A class, who held
black men as slaves and serfs, and who have
been baffled and defeated in all their efforts by
our firmness and devotion in making them free,
in giving them the rights of American citizens,
and in clothing them with power, is seeking
cheap labor, it is well known that these men
desire to get this cheap labor into that section
of the country for the purpose of bringing
down the price of labor and controlling the
emancipated labor of the South. They will
find a sentiment in their section of the country
as strong and as fervid, if more peaccable, as
that found on the Pacific coast.
We believe in God's Holy Word; we believe
our Government was founded upon the sublime
doctrines of the New Testament, that our Con-
stitution and our ideas come from the New
Testament. This we believe; this we must
carry out; this we must act upon ; and I think
it requires ns to put an end before the close of
this session to this system that is casting over
China, a country of cneap labor, a country of
paganism, a country with a civilization wholly
distinct from our own, a drag-net, dragging
these people together, taking security oil their
families, and bargaining that they shall go back
after so many years' service, cither living or in
their coffins. It is time to put an end to that;
and then, if the Chinaman comes here as the
Englishman conies, as the German comes, as
the Irishman comes, as the people of Europe
come here, we must accept him, and treat him
kindly and well, and protect him by our laws.
God has decreed that man shall eat, his bread
in the sweat of his brow. Every man on God's
earth has a right to labor and to receive the
wages of his toil. It is a crime against human-
ity and a sin against God to deny this to any
one of the sons of men.
Sir, no wonder thatunderthe labor-contract
system there should be anxiety and apprehen-
sion ; no wonder that the workingmen of this
country, who are earning two, three, and four
dollars a day, should bo alajmcd. The labor-
ing men of this country, in spite of all that
may be said here or elsewhere, have seen no
eight such prosperous years as the last eight
have been, and they have made more progress
than in any other period of equal lengthin our
history. Now, I say when these men are at
work, when they have their homes, when they
have good furniture in their houses, when they
have their children in the schools, when they
have their pews in thechurches, when they are
looking upon their little ones in the hope that,
they will have an easier and brighter future
than they themselves have had in the years
past, wtien so many of them worked lor
twenty, thirty, forty, or fifty cents a day in
the burning suns of summer and in the frosts
of winter, no wonder that they feel appre-
hensive and anxious. It is not surprising
that they should say and do foolish things.
I would say lo them, one and all, that while
they look anxiously at these matters, they
should do right, they should be just, they
should treat all who may come here as breth-
ren of a common Falhor; but insist upon it
that the capital of this country, in its selfish-
ness, shall not make the lour of the globe to
gather up the cheap labor of the world and
bring it here, under labor contracts, to reduce
their earnings, and take the bread from the
mouths of their children.
Nor, sir, am I so much surprised at the
remarks made hero to day by the Senator from
Oregon, or by the Senator from Nevada. Under
this system of contracts, that brings these peo-
ple here in such vast numbers, sold out as they
are to railroads and big corporations, and to
men who can employ them by the hundred, they
fear, if you give them the right of suffrage, that
your great mammoth railroads which control
the Pacific coast now and some other parts of
the country (and unless you watch them care-
fully they will control more in the future than
they do now, and more than they did in the
past) can gather up these men by the thousand
and hurl them at the ballot-boxes of the land.
[ am not surprised at their apprehensions.
But without detaining the Senate longer, for
I am anxious to come to a vote, I wish to say
that I shall vote against this amendment as I
voted agianst the amendment of my colleague;
and I will vote against every other amendment"
that in my judgment has auy tendency to pre-
vent the passage of this bill through this House
or the other.
Mr. COUBETT. Mr. President 
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator allow me
to make a motion to reconsider?
Mr. CORBETT. I yield.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to make a propo-
sition, and if it is satisfactory to the Senate 1
shall be very glad. We have consumed a great
deal of time. I see no end to this debate. I
want to be practical. There are measures of
pressing public importance that I think we
ought to devote our attention to. Being a
practical man, and seeing no more hope of
carrying this amendment on this bill than in" a
separate bill and in a separate measure by
itself, while I am as distinctly in favor of it
as I was on Saturday, if we can roach the ques-
tion I will be very happy to move to reconsider
the vote by which the Senate agreed to the
amendment submitted by the Senator from
Massachusetts; and I want to add that I think
I have conferred with Senators enough to assure
me that we constitute a majority of this body.
["Vote!" "Vote!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The Senator from Maine
moves to reconsider the vote by which the
Senate agreed to the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
Mr. COUBETT. I will make a very few
remarks. ["Let us vote."]
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator wants to
speak I will withdraw my proposition.
Sir. CORBETT. I give way if the Senate
will not allow me to make a single remark,
["Vote!" "Vote!"] with the understanding
that the vote will be taken without debate.
Otherwise I retain the floor.
Mr. POMEUOY. Does the Senator yield
the floor?
Mr. COUBETT. I yield only for a vote.
Mr. POMEROY. There is not any way of
yielding for one purpose and not another. If
the Senator yields the floor I will take it.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to make some
brief remarks on this question, unless it is
agreed that we take a vote now.
Mr. POMEUOY. There is no way any other
Senator can get the floor until the Senator
from Oregon yields it.
Mr. MORTON. Jf debate goes on several
Senators wish to speak.
^Mr. COUBETT. I ask the Senator from
Kansas if he desires to speak?
Mr. POMEUOY. I cannot dignify what I
have to say by c lling it a speech. I desire to
make a tew ri-marks.
Mr. CORBlirr. I think 1 may as well
occupy the time as any one.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow ine to make a
suggestion to my honorable friend fiom Ore«-<':i
Mr. CORBEIT. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. If the debate is to go
on 1 see from utterances around me that there
are several Senators who mean to be heard.
Now, I am quite sure that the Senator from
Oregon will not stand in the way of the practical
disposition of this motion ; and I think I can
rely upon the consideration and good liature
of the Senator lioia Kansas. It. is now seven
minutes ul'ier lour o'clock on the Fourth of
July, and 1 aui sure thai Senator wilt postpone
