8274
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
resolution (S. R. No! 192) in relation to the
claims of Ward B. Burnett; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT.' If there are no
Senate resolutions, the Senate resumes the con-
sideration of the concurrent resolution of the j
House of Representatives providing for the final i
adjournment of this session of Congress on
Monday, the 4th day of July next, and the pend- j
ing question ia on the motion of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] that the further
consideration of it be postponed to the first
Monday of June next. :
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and .
nays; and they were ordered. |
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have paired with the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.] He
would, if here, vote nay, and I would vote yea j
on this motion. |
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I would ;
vote nay if I were not paired with, the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Drake.] He would vote
yea. j
Mr. WARNER. On this question I am
paired with the,Senator from California, [Mr.
Casserly,] who, if present, would vote inthe
negative on this motion, and I in the affirmative.
The result was announced—yeas 23, nays
28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Chandler,
Cole, Cragin, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill ot Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Sawyer, Sehurz, Sherman, Spencer, Stew-
art, Sumner, Trumbull, Wilson, and Yates—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Cameron, Car-
penter, Conkling, Edmunds. Fenton, Ferry, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howaro.Howe,
Howell, Johnston, Lewis, McCreery, Patterson,
Robertson, Ross, Saulsbury. Scott, Stockton, Tipton,
Vickers, Willey,and Williams—28.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Brovrnlow,
Casserly, Cattell, Corbett. Davis, Drake, Flanagan,
Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Norton,
Pool, Pratt, Revels, Bice, Sprague, Thayer, Thur-
man, and W arner—21.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I move to amend the reso-
lution by striking out " Monday, the 4th of
July," and inserting " Wednesday, the 20th of
July."
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; let us take it just
as it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting "Monday, the 1st day of
August."
Mr. STEWART. I acceptthat amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question then
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ne-
vada, to strike out " Monday, the 4th of July,"
and insert " Monday, the 1st of August."
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered j and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Lewis, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy ..Ramsey,
Soh-nri, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Wilson, andYates—17.
NAYS^-Messrs. Ames, Anthony. Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Conkling, Cragin, Ed-
munds, Fenton, Ferry, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howell, Johnston, Mc-
Creery, Morrill of Vermont, Robertson, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Scott, Stockton, Tipton, Vickers, Willey, and
Williams—29.
ABSENT —Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Brownlow,
Casserly, Cattell, Corbett, Davis, Drake, FlaDagan,
Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Howe,
Kellogg, Morton, Norton, Pattorson, Pool, Pratt,
Revels, Rieo, Sawyer, Spragne, Thayer, Thurman,
and Warner—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER, Mr. President, it seems to
me that the adoption of this resolution will be
of great detriment to the public service. I am
sure that the business is not in such a_ condi-
tion that we can advantageously adopt it now.
I rose with a view of proposing a compromise.
T am not much given to compromises; but I
see that this Senate does not incline to the date
which I would fix, being" the firs* Monday in
August, and I have thought perhaps a middle
term might be mote agreeable. I propose,
therefore, to say Monday, the 25th day of July.
Mr. CONKLING. Why not say June ?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope I shall have the
Vote of mv friend from New York. I am driven
from the 1st of August. I am driven from that
position; and I offer now an intermediate posi-
tion.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will only
follow his good sense, and make it the 25th of
June, I will vote with him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my friend will
withdraw his amendment, because it is within
a few minutes of 'one o'clock, and to require
the taking of the question will be to throw the
resolution over until to-morrow.
Mr. CONKLING. That is the whole pur-
pose. ' ■
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
it is not the whole purpose; but it is very evi-
dent that we cannot act on it to-day. I there-
fore move that the resolution lie on the table.
That vote can be taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the resolution
lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 29, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole. Cragin, Howard,
Kellogg, MoDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sawyer, bchur*, Sher-
man, Speocer, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Wilson,
andYates—21. .
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingbaiM, Cameron* Carpenter, Conklmsr, .bdmunds,
Fenton, Ferry, Fowler, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
i Harlan, Harris, Howell, Johnston, McCreery, Mor-
1 rill of Vermont, Patterson, Robertson, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Scott, Stockton, Tipton, Vickers, Willoy, and
Williams—29* _ , .
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Brownlow,
Casserly, Cattell, Corbett, Davis, Drake, Flanagan,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Howe, Lewis, Nor-
ton, Pool, Pratt. Revels, Rice, Sprague, Thayer,
Thurman, and W arner—22.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired,
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the most efficient
method to progress here in business will be to
dispose of this resolution. I desire to inquire
of the Chair if I can make a motion to pass
over all prior orders, and if that would not
leave this resolution still before the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would.
Mr. HAMLIN. I then move to pass over
all prior orders for the purpose of disposing of
it, and I do so simply on the ground that we
shall make more progress and more rapid pro-
gress in business by doing that. The votes
which have been taken this morning I think
show what the disposition of the Senate is.
That will leave my colleague's bill precisely
where it is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I inquire of the
Chair what bill that motion supersedes?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill is
now before the Senate as the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday. The Senator from Maine
[Mr. Hamlin] moves to pass all the orders over
to continue the consideration of this resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. When you have passed this
over, what next?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill will be taken up as soon as this resolution
shall be disposed of. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I am paired
with the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Drake,]
and the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Sprague] is paired with the Senator from Del-
aware, [Mr. Bayard.] But as the Senator
from Rhode Island and myself are both pres-
ent and on opposite sides, we have concluded
to vote. .
Mr. SPRAGUE. In pursuance of that
arrangement and understanding I will vote on
this motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 25 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Cameron, Carpenter, Conkling, Edmunds, Fenton,
Ferry, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg,
MeCrcery, Robertson, Saulsbury, Scott, Stockton,
Tipton. Vickers, Willey, and Williams—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Cole, Cragin,
Howard, McDonald. Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
V ermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Ross, Sawyer, Sehurz, Sherman, Spencer;
Sprague. Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Wilson, and
Yates—25. _ _
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Brownlow,
Casserly, Cattell, Corbett, Davis. Drake. Flanagan,
Gilbert. Earris, Howe, Lewis, Norton, Pool, Pratt,
Revels. Rice, Thayer, Thurman, and Warner—21.
So the motion of Mr. Hamlin was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The concurrent
resolution is before the Senate, and the ques-
tion is on its passage.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, on the state-
ment made here the other day with regard to
the business yet to come before the Senate,
it seems to me to be impossible that it should
be transacted ^intelligently by the time fixed
for adjournment in this resolution. There is
one great subject on which the other House has
been engaged for a number of weeks, and
which will encounter just as much difficulty in
the Senate as in the House. I allude to the
question of the tariff. That is a vexed ques-
tion. It is very important to the country that
that question shall be settled correctly, and
it is very important to the Republican party
that it shall be settled correctly. I speak of
that simply as one question. It is much more
important that we shall do the business of this
country, and do it right, than it is to adjourn
by the 1st of July or by the 1st of August. I
am sure that I stay here with as much difficulty
and with as much reluctance as anybody, and
I do not think there is a Senator in this body
who is more anxious to get away than I am;
and yet I feel that if I were to so act as to
hurry through such important business, or to
go away leaving it undone, I should be derelict
in the performance of my duty.
There are many other important questions
besides that of the tariff which we are yet called
upon to consider; and I do hope that the Sen-
ate will not fix a time now, but leave it open
for several weeks until we can see at what
time we can with propriety adjourn. Why, sir,
there seems to be a mania for adjournment; it
seems to me to be almost a mania. When this
time was first suggested I thought favorably of
it, because I supposed we might get through;
but upon consideration I am satisfied we can-
not get through; and if there be Senators here
who from any cause cannot remain until the
end of the session, it would be better for the
Senate to give them leave of absence and let
them go away and leave their associates here
that the business may be done. There are some
great questions yet to be disposed of, and ques-
tions that ought to take time.
Mr. President, there has been a good deal
of complaint about the length of time that has
been consumed in debate upon certain ques-
tions. Those questions were not questions of
an economical character; they were not in
regard to the disposition or the acquisition of
public lands; but they were great questions
that went to the very existence of the Govern-
ment, and in my judgment there has not been
an hour too much spent in the discussion of
those questions; for, sir, the public mind is yet
unsettled with regard to them, and the action
of this body shows that after all the discussion
that had taken place there were Senators who
were scarcely able to make up their minds on
which side they should vote. And when there
are questions of so great difficulty to be dis-
posed of those Senators cannot better serve
the country than by taking time to consider
them. ThiBis especially intended to be a deliD-
erative body, and I do not sympathize with those
who claim that the Senate ought to vote with-
