1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2331
Gilbert and also of Mr. Hart, and I move that
they be referred to the committee at the same
time with the credentials.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri desires that the petition of Mr.
Hart shall be reported to the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
The Secretary read as follows:
To the honorable the Senate of the United States :
The petition of Ossian B.Hart.acitizen ofthe United
States residing in the State of Florida, respectfully
represents unto your honorable body that the Legis-
lature of the State of Florida chosen next preceding
the expiration of thotime for which Hon. A.S. Welch
had been clectcd to represent said State in Congress,
which time expired March 3,1869, at its first regular
session thereafter, which commenced January 4,
1870, without a quorum in either house, on the sec-
ond Tuesday after the meeting and organization
thereof, to wit, January 18,1870, proceeded to elect
a Senator in Congress to fill the next succeeding term,
to wit, the six years full term commencing March 4,
ibg'j, in the foliowiu^manner: Thehouseoi assembly,
openly, by a vivavoce of each member present, named
one person for Senator, to wit, your petitioner and
others, and failed to give a majority lor any person
on said day, and that fact was entered on the jour-
nal by the clerk thereof. At twelve o'clock m. of
the day following the members of the said assembly
and ten of the members of the other house (the sen-
ate) convened in joint assembly, and the journal of
the said houseof assembly was read. The said other
house had tailed to take proceedings as required,
and the joint assembly then proceeded to choose, by
mvavoce vote of each member present, a person for
the purpose aforesaid, and the person having a ma-
jority of all the votes of said joint assembly.ta ma-
jority of all the members elected to both houses
being present and voting.) to wit, your petitioner,
was declared duly elected.
That the same Legislature, at itsfirstsession, which
commenced June 8, 186S, on .Friday, June 19,1808,
before the passago oftho act of Congress of June 25,
1868, which declared the said Stateentitled to repre-
sentation in Congress, without any previous or sep-
arate action whatever by either of the two Houses
concerning the election of a Senator in Congress for
said full term, formed a joint assembly and voted for
i i uitod States Senator for said full term, giving for
Hon. Arijah (iilbekt amajority. and the Governor
ot said State gave him a ccraticafe ot election, upon
which he was admitted to juur honorable body.
AH which will more fully appear by reference to
too certificate. of the Governor of said State now
L<-rewi!h presented, and to the official journals of
I he piocccdiiigs of said Legislature, to \vhich_ your
petitioner most respectfully invites the attention of
jour honorable body, and asks may be taken as a
pnrf of this petition.
Tour petitioner would most respectfully submit
that flic said proceeding in voting for said lion. Abi-
j ui Uilbkbt was not conducted in conformity to the
plain and positive requirements of the act of Con-
of July 25,1866, "toregulatethetimesandman-
ner of holding elections for Senators in Congress,''
neither as to time nor manner, and were irregular
and void. And that the aforesaid election of your
petitioner was held m conformity to the true intent
and meaning and the requirements of said law, and
ent itles your petitioner to the seat in the Senate now
he'd by said sitting Senator Gilhert.
Wherefore, your petitioner most respectfully prajs
your honorable body to vacate the said seat now
occupied by said Hon. Abijam Gilbert, and to admit
your petitioner as the legally elected Senator trom
the State of Florida, for said term, which commenced
March 4,1861).
Most respectfully, OSSIAN L. HAlt'!.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Florida moves that the petition and accompa-
nying papers be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NORTON. I move that the papers in
the case be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
personal explanation.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to make a per-
sonal explanation. I hold in my hand, to which
my attention has just been called, a letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury to the House of
Representatives, in response to a resolution of
the House calling for a report upon any unex-
pended balance of former appropriations, in
which reference is made to an appropriation
made by Congress during Mr. Lincoln's admin-
istration for colonization purposes. I was ap-
pointed bv Mr. Lincoln to take a part in that.
There was at that time §25,000 appropriated
for an enterprise that Mr. Lincoln appointed
me to superintend. I made my returns to the
Secretary of the Interior with my vouchers, and
settled the account, as I supposed; but the
papers were filed and left with the Secretary
of the Interior and not returned to the Treas
ury, so that as far as the books of the Treasury
show my account was not settled. My atten-
tion was called to this matter on the 26th of
March, one day after the date of this letter. I
then went to the Secretary of the Interior and
had the accounts examined and approved and
sent to the Treasury ; so that on the 28th, two
days after the date of this letter, they were all
settled at the Treasury Department. But this
letter being dated two days before the settle-
ment shows that the matter was still unsettled.
I only call the attention of the Senate, and
perhaps of the country, to it for the sake of
showing that the account is now settled. It was
settled in the Interior Department before, but
not in the Treasury Department. The account
is now settled in the Treasury Department,
having received the approval of the Interior
Department, which was done on the 28th, two
days after the date of this letter.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
owners of vessels and material-men of Cleve-
land, Ohio, praying the enactment of a law for
the relief of ship-builders and material-men,
and to provide a speedy remedy for the collec-
tion of claims against domestic ships and ves-
sels ; which was re'ferred to the Committee on
Commerce.
He also presented the petition of Peter
Toole, late of company G, first United States
infantry, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. SHERMAN". I also present the petitions
of one hundred and seventeen citizens of Cleve-
land, Ohio ; of fifty-three citizens of Ports-
mouth, Ohio; of sixty-nine citizens of Mount
Pleasant, Ohio; and of eighty-eight citizens of
Urbana, Ohio, praying for an appropriation in
behalf of the Wilberforee University. I move
their reference to the Committee on Education
and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
J. M. Bickers, Louisa county, Virginia; of
Richard Stark, Stafford county, Virginia; of
Alexander Tracer, Craig county, Virginia;
of Jacob Lantz, Shenandoah county, Virginia ;
of J. E. Ennis, Caroline county, Virginia; of
G. P. Mayeres, Frederick county, Virginia;
of George II. Kendick, Scott county, Virginia;
of William Carter, Stafford county, Virginia;
and of John L. Given, Craig county, Virginia,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which were referred to the selectCom-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. NORTON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of such a
modification of the homestead law as will
relieve enlisted persons of a forfeiture of their
homestead rights, and to permit them to make
other entries or to be reinstated in the lands
covered by their original entries where the
same can be done without prejudice to the
rights of other parties, and upon such terms
and conditions as may be regarded equitable
in the premises; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor ot the improve-
ment of the upper Mississippi river and its
tributaries, and the construction ol a ship-canal
for the improvement of the Fox aad Wiscon-
sin rivers; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial ot the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, m favor of an appropria-
tion for the construction of a military post at
Pembina; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SPENCER presented a petition of the
heirs of Gilbert C. Russell, of Alabama, pray-
ing remuneration for material taken and dam-
ages caused by the United States troops,
preventing him from building a fort at Mobile
Point, in Alabama; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORTON. I present a petition signed
by eighty of the most prominent citizens of
Richmond, Indiana, praying an appropriation
for the benefit of the Wilberforee University, an
institution of learning near the city of Xenia,
in the State of Ohio, where admission is not de-
nied to any one "on account of race, color, or
previous condition;'' which I move be referred
to the Committee on Education and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
HarrietDe Witt Mitchell, praying to be allowed
a pension; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petition of
James E. Wharton, of Parkersburg, West Vir-
ginia, praying compensation for the destruc-
tion of his printing office and materials by
United States troops in 1864; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of G. PI.
Graham and others, of Frankfort, Kentucky,
praying an appropriation for the benefit of the
Wilberforee University, an institution of learn-
ing near the city of Xenia, Ohio, where admis-
sion is not denied to any one " on account of
race, color, or previous condition;" which
was referred to the Committee on Education
and Labor.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present a concurrent
resolution of the Legislature of the State of
California, instructing the Senators and request-
ing the Representatives of that State in Con-
gress to use their utmost influence to secure,
if possible, the abolition of the income tax.
In asking for the reference of this resolution
to the appropriate committee, which is, 1 pre-
sume, the Finance Committee, I desire to say,
as I had occasion to say in a former debate,
that the general feeling of California is, without
distinction of party, that this tax is peculiarly
oppressive and unjust in its bearing upon that
State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
having reported on that subject the resolution
will lie on the table, unless the Senator desires
some further action.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very well; I move that
the resolution be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have another con cur-
rent resolution of the Legislature of California,
representing that the internal revenue law of
the United States is oppressive and unjust in
so far as it relates to the distillation of fruit,
and especially so far as respccts the capacity
or per diem tax representing that the effect
of the law, especially as construed by the in-
ternal revenue ofiice, is practically to sup-
press that important interest and greatly dam-
age if not destroy the entire fruit interest of]
the Pacific coast, and asking for a repeal or a
modification of the law in the respects men-
tioned. 1 move that this resolution be_ referred
to the Committee on Finance, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY also presented a resolution
ofthe Legislature of California, in favor ot the
establishment of a mail route from San Diego,
California, to Salt Lake City, Utah, and the
establishment of post offices on the route;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of Uii-
liam A. Meanley, James City county, Virginia ;
of R. II. Lyell, Richmond, Virginia; ot Ld-
win Lyell, Richmond, Virginia; of John lol-
lard, King and Queen county, Virginia, pray-
ing the removal of their political disabilities,
which were referred to the select Commit e
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Lorenzo A.
Phelps, major of the fifth Virginia in
during the late rebellion, praying tha a biII
may be passed for his rebel, direct,ng the Sec
retary of War to pay to him In*, lull paj ana
■iHowances as a major of infantry froin t^e la-
djofJanuwy. is4 to the 20th day of March,
