1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4219
as to enable the Department to apply the appro-
priations made in each general appropriation
bill for the purposes for which they are in-
tended. The amendment adopted by the Senate
in Committee of the Whole does not deprive
the parties who have these claims of redress.
They are to be examined as heretofore by the
Department, and reported to Congress, and
their payment provided for by special legis-
lation.
The evil of delay will of course in some in-
stances follow this mode of redress; but I
appeal to the Senate whether it is not now a
necessity. If we attempt to keep in force the
intercourse law of 1834 we render it utterly
impossible for the Department to do what Con-
gress expects it to do. You expect the De-
partment out of these little appropriations of
which the honorable Senator from Ohio has
complained to-night, to support twenty thou-
sand Sioux Indians on the Indian reservation
up the Missouri river. At the same time
you insist that the Department shall examine,
adjust, and allow claims tor Sioux depreda-
tions, and pay for those depredations out of
these appropriations. Do this, and the appro-
priations, so far as the support of the Indians
is concerned, are perfectly worthless.
This bill provides an appropriation of less
than one hundred thousand dollars for the
Cheyennes, Arapahoes, and other tribes of
Indians now around Fort Cobb, barely enough
to provide them with rations and some clothing
for that part of the year when they cannot make
their living by the chase. The law of 1834 will
requue the Secretary of the Interior to examine
private claims for depredations committed by
those Cheyennes, Arapahoes, and Kiowas, on
citizens of the United States ; and a few of
those claims will absorb the whole appropria-
tion. Then, you have here seven or eight
thousand wild Indians, who are now restrained
from committing hostilities on the people of
the United States all along the frontier by the
promise nf the Government to furnish them
ialiens where they now live. Deprive the
Department of the opportunity of feeding them
where they aie now located, and tliey will
inevitably disperse, scatter on the plains, and
commit the depredations that were so common
but two or three years ago.
1 submit it to honorable Senators who rep-
lesent the new States, and I ask them it they
can afford to tarn loose this horde ot wild
blanket savages? They may secure payment
out of this littie appropriation for a few of
their citizens; but it will be paid for by the
lives of scores of others. If these Indians
are not fed they scatter. If they scatter they
commence living by theft, robbery, and mur-
der. as i hey lived but three years ago. Who
will be the sutfeicrs? The people on the bor-
der, in Kansas, Nebraska, Minnesota, and
possibly other States. The people of Texas
will be sufferers. The people ot Missouri,
piobably, may not suffer. Kansas liesbetween
Alissouri and these wiid tiibesof Indians. Iowa
may not suffer, for Nebraska now is the wall
of ill e standing between her ar.d these wild
hordes. Minnesota, however, is exposed to
the large collection of Sioux Indians on the
Missouri river. _ ,
In the face ot these facts, is it not wise to
modify the law ot 1834 enacted lor the regula-
tion of our relations with the luuians, under
an entirely different condition of facts, and for
the future" require claimants for indemnity to
trust to Congress ? It is said that Congress
will never adjust their claims, ihat is rather
a hard allegation to be brought against our-
selves. 1 think more claims are allowed and
paid bv Congress that are not just than are
withheld from just claimants. This is ir.y
solemn judgment after a service here as long
as the average of members of this body: that
more unjust claims are ordeied by Congress
to be paid than just ones are withheld from
payment. But, be Congress just or unjust m
relation to these matters, this proposition U a
necessity if you intend to retain those Indians
on the reservations where you have directed
the Department to collect them and feed them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the Senator from
Iowa quite right when he says that the condi-
tion of things is now so changed that the white
population has a right to go upon all these lands
and these reservations ? As I understand the
law—I am not as familiar with it as the Sen-
ator from Iowa, and may misunderstand it—
the law is as strong to-day as it was in 1834,
prohibiting settlers from going upon the reser-
vations of the Indians, and we have pledged
the faith of this nation to keep them off the
reservations. That is the anSwer which I
would make to the argument of the Senator so
far as he speaks of the changed condition of
things.
Now, in answer to the other portion of his
argument, if it is understood that the Indians
are to have deducted from their annuities the
value of the property they destroy belonging to
white people, the chiefs of the tribes will see to
it that no members of their tribes make any
depredations upon the white settlers where
they have no right to go. This law was passed
for wise purposes in 1834. It was to hold out
an inducement to the Indians that should make
it a part of the policy of the tribe and of the
ruling chiefs to see that their young men did
not go in among the settlers and plunder them
of their property. But, sir, if you repeal this
law and take off this restraint, 1 think you
endanger the peace of the country instead of,
as the honorable Senator supposes, endanger-
ing the peace of the country by allowing it to
remain on the statute-book. Ilis argument is
that if the law remains the appropriations for
the benefit of the Indians will be exhausted in
the payment of damages. Why, sir, the tribe
will be interested in preventing that; but if you
repeal the law, then there is no inducement on
the part of the tribe to restrain the worst por-
tion of their number from making inroads
upon the white settlers. In my judgment it is
unwise to repeal the law.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will add to what has
been said by the Senatorfrom Illinois, in which
I concur, that the law, if I do not mistake, re-
quires that a claim, before it is audited and
allowed by the Interior Department,, shall be
presented to the Indian tribe for payment, and
the Indians may provide with their horses, or
their cattle, or in any way for the payment of
the claim, if it be a just one; but if the Indian
tribe refuse to pay the claim after it has been
duly presented, then it is the duty of the In-
dian department to deduct the amount due the
individual who has been despoiled of his prop-
erty out of the annuities due that tribe.
Now, sir, so tar as I know, the Indians who
are upon reservations are able to pay all their
just debts with property that belongs to them.
They have horses, cattle, and various kinds of
property. If a claim of this kind is presented,
if t.liey or any of them have trespassed upon
the rights of white people and robbed them of
their property, they ought to pay for it, like
other people. It is a mistaken policy,in my judg-
ment, that undertakes to throw around these
Indian tribes the protection of law in robbery,
a thing which they will understand just as well
as white men. It will not be long before the
Indians will know that they can with impunity
make inroads upon the white settlers and steal
their hoises and cattle, and carry them away
and make use of them, and that there is no
remedy for the white person so injured.
Mr. HARLAN. In reply to the first remark
made by the Senator from Illinois, I have this
to say: it is true that the law does prohibit
white people from going on Indian reserva-
I tions, and yet my statement was true. In 1834
the whole of the country west of the Missouri
river to the western boundary of the Territories
of the United States was Indian territory; it
was one vast reservation so to speak. No white
man had the right, to put his foot upon it un-
less with the sanction of the Government ot
the United States, unless licensed so to do; and
this law for the adjustment of claims for dep-
redations committed by and against Indians
was provided for in that condition of facts.
Now there are some reservations, small
tracts of land comparatively, on which some
of the tribes have been collected ; but there
are multiplied thousands of Indians who do
not live on reservations, who live by the chase,
who travel up and down the country as the
buffaloes travel, who commit their depreda-
tions when they are on these hunts. They
commit the chief of these depredations on
trains of travelers, on people who are emigrat-
ing across the country; not on people that are
living at their own homes, but, on people who
are traveling across the country that has been
the home of the Indian time out of mind.
Those people come in and prove up these dep-
redations for themselves, each man swearing
for his neighbor; aud ift that way it is not a
hard thing to prove up a large amount of dam-
ages for the destruction of a small amount of
property. Why, sir, those who have taken
the trouble to look into the facts must know
that there are more than a million dollars of
these claims proven up and on file in the In-
terior Department to-day. If you leave the
law as it is, the Secretary is sworn to enforce
it, and he must pay these claims out of these
appropriations. Then how will he provide for
the Indians that are collected on these reserva-
tions? It becomes au utter impossibility. Ho
cannot do both things out of these appropria-
tions.
The question then is whether you shall so
modify the law as to enable kim to apply the
money appropriated in this bill as Congress
intends, and then furnish the necessary means
t,o meet such claims as the Department shall
first find to be just and Congress may think
ought to be paid. I appeal again to Senators,
is it not a necessity to do this? You say the
Indian policy ought to be changed; that the
Indians ought to be compelled to give up their
nomadic mode of life and live on reservations.
Why, sir, so many white people could not at
once settle on reservations aud make a living,
with all their habits of industry and thrift.
Then how will these Indians, not accustomed
to labor, without, a knowledge of agrieulttuo
and the mechanic arts, make a living when
collected on a reservation, withdrawn from the
chase in which they have been accustomed to
make their living? How will they succeed in
cultivating fields and in raising crops for the
first few years ? Nobody expects that many
of the adult Indians can ever be taught to cul-
tivate farms. It is hoped that the younger ones
may be.
In this intermediate period of time how are
the Indians to live? If you do not furnish
them with rations to some extent on their
reservations, they must go off on'the chase;
and when off on the chase, if they do not find
elk and buffalo, but find other cattle, do you
expect they will not take them? If they <lo,
it is a depredation on white people, a violation
i of the intercourse law of 1834. A band of
marauding Indians, lawless Indians, no longer
under the control of the regular organization
of a tribe, it maybe, wander away and commit
depredations in a night, the value of which
would more than cover every dollar of appro-
priation made for the tribe.
J Now is it, not wise, is it not a necessity, if
! you are in fact in good faith intending to carry
into effect what is now called the new policy
of collecting these Indians from the plains and
locating them on reservations, that you should
provide some other mode ot adjusting claims
that may be presented by white people for
indemnity for depredations ? It is an impossi-
bility to keep the Indians on these reservations
unless you feed them. If you ao not keep
them on reservations, your policy lias lailet.,
