1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1387
Representatives by resolution of February 4,
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
introduction of this bill for consideration at
the present time?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object. I have been
objecting all along.
Mr. LOGAN. Will not the gentleman allow
me to explain the measure?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I insist on my objection.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not see wlrp any man
should object to the bill unless he is opposed
to the investigation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofield] objects, and the bill
is not before the House.
Mr. STILES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
(at four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
PKTITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ALLISON: A petition of citizens
of Saratoga, Iowa, praying Congress to abolish
the franking privilege.
By Mr. AMBLER.: The petition of Captain
John F. Oliver and 210 others, citizens of
Alliance, Stark county, Ohio, for the passage
of a law equalizing soldiers' bounties, so that
those soldiers who enlisted in the year 1861,
and who were mustered out prior to having
served two years, may receive an equitable
share of bounties with other volunteers.
Also, petitions of citizens of Louden town-
ship, Carroll county, Ohio; Algonquin, Car-
roll county, Ohio; Augusta, Carroll county,
Ohio; Holmes's Mills,Jefferson county,Ohio;
Dungannon, Columbiana county, Ohio, and
Calcutta, Columbiana county, Ohio, all num-
erously signed, and praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of J. T. Selby
and 23 others, citizens of Missouri, asking the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Stephen Morehouse
and 12 others, citizens of White Cloud, Nod-
away county, Missouri, for the same purpose.
By Mr. BEAMAN: A petition of importers,
merchants, and dealers in sugar, of Detroit,
Michigan, asking that no discrimination shall
be made on account of the different methods
employed in reaching a given quality of sugar,
ana that when a reduction is made in the tariff
that the reduction shall apply to all merchan-
dise in bond.
By Mr. BARNUM : The petition of E. D.
Cunningham and 12 others, masters and owners
of vessels sailing to and from the city of Bridge-
port, Connecticut, asking Congress for an
appropriation to improve and protect the
harbor at that place.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Jonas Spaulding, jr., and 17 others,
citizens of Townsend Harbor, Massachusetts,
and of Henry J. Toller and 24 others, citizens
of Dunstable, Massachusetts, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. DUVAL: A petition of citizens of
Ritchie county, West Virginia, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. ELA: The petition of John Wheeler
and 26 others, citizens of Barnstead, New
Hampshire, praying for the total abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, similar petitions from the following:
Francis J. White and 45 others, of South
Deerfield ; F. W. Derochment and 33 otherB,
of Newington ; A. C. Clement and 38 others,
of Plaistow; James Emery and 27 others,
of South New Market; Samuel Webster and
39 others, of Kingston; 0. G. Robinson and
33 others, of Greenland ; Warren Brown and
36 others, of Hampton Falls ; I. Fullerton
and 15 others* of New Hampton; Alfred Snell
and 47 others, of Lee; Thomas B. Frost and
34 others, of New Castle; Joseph Wentworth
and 38 others, of Sandwich; A. H. Lock and
45 others, of Seabrook; Ira Mooney and 43
others, of Belmont; Jonathan Daniels and 17
others, of Middleton; Frederick Robinson and
52 others, of Brentwood; Winthrop N. Dow
and 47 others, of West Epping; T. S. Carter
and 34 others, of East Hampstead; Franklin
Gilbert and 17 others, of Atkinson; B. D.
Eastman and 76 others, of Economy; J. D.
Berry and 31 others, of Stratford Corner;
James Berry and 60 others, of Milton Mills;
Thomas J. Parsons and 37 others, of Rye;
Albert Varney and 32 others, of South New
Market; James French and 20 others, of
Moultonburgh; B. N. Morrill and 102 others,
of Sandbornton; Elijah Watleigh and 40 others,
of Wakefield; Samuel G. Wentworth and 100
others, of Candia; Francis A. Dow and 14
others, of East Wakefield; Edward Hursey
and 12 others, of West Ossipee; G. F. Stevens
and 46 others, of Deerfield; John S. Hayne
and 125 others, of Great Falls; L. S. Morton
and 49 others, of Center Conway; George W.
Sawyier and 12 others; Augustin Dow and 12
others, of Weirs; John O. Wiggins and 31
others, of Stratham; C. H. Tuttle and 19
others, of Wadleigh's Falls; Charles Tuttle
and 10 others, of Atkinson's Depot; John M.
Bracket and 16 others, of Wolfboro; Valen-
tine Matthews and 36 others, of Durham; H.
E. Eastman and 31 others, of Derry Depot;
John B. Lyman and 34 others, of Farmington;
D. S. Dinsmore and 68 others, of Laconia,
all of the State of New Hampshire.
By Mr. GILFILLAN : The petition of John
Cupler, late a member of company F, one hun-
dred and fifth Pennsylvania volunteers, for a
special act granting him arrears of pension
from date of discharge.
Also, a petition from the Medical Associa-
tion of Williamstown, Pennsylvania, for regu-
lation of proper medical rank in the Navy.
Also, a petition from the Medical Society of
Fayette county, Pennsylvania, of like import.
Also, a petition from citizens of Westmore-
land county, Pennsylvania, of like import.
By Mr..HEFLIN : A petition from a large
number of citizens of Lee county, Alabama,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
itege.
By Mr. HILL: The petition of Benjamin
Perry and 10 others, of Sussex county, New
Jersey, praying for the passage of a bill grant-
ing pensions to the soldiers and widows of the
war of 1812.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A
petition of importers, merchants, and dealers
in sugar in Boston, Massachusetts, for an ad-
justment of the duties on imported sugars.
By Mr.JENCKES: The petition ofWheaton,
Whitford & Co., and others, citizens of Provi-
dence, Rhode Island, for modification of the
proposed tariff on sugars.
By Mr. J UDD: The petition of Eagle Works
and other manufacturing companies of Chicago,
asking a reduction of duties on tubes and flues.
Also, the petition of Harmon, Messer & Co.,
and others, importers, merchants, and dealers
in sugar, remonstrating against the unjust dis-
crimination on that article made in the pro-
posed tariff bill.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of David
S. McLaughlin and 30 others, of Fishkill, New
York, cigar manufacturers, &c., for restoration
of former duty on cigars, and protesting against
the existing duty on the same.
By Mr. LYNCH: A petition of cigar-makers
of Saco, Maine, for the reduction of duties on
tobacco and cigars.
By Mr. MAYHAM: The petition of Ann
Kelly, for increased pension.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The memorial of John
Murphy, of Tennessee, guardian of the minor
heirs of Thomas Oliver, deceased, late private
fifty-sixth regiment Illinois volunteers, war of
1861, praving for a pension.
By Mr. MCCARTHY:
A petition of citizens
of Buffalo, New York, praying Congress to
remove the tax on income.
Also, a petition of cigar-makers and dealers,
of Clay, New York, praying Congress to re-
store the duty of three dollars per pound and
fifty per cent, ad valorem on imported cigars.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of nine-
teen manufacturers and dealers in cigars and
tobacco, of Towanda, Bradford county, Penn-
sylvania, praying for a restoration of the tariff
rates on imported cigars to three dollars per
pound and fifty per cent, ad valorem.
By Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania: A
petition of 48 citizens of Johnstown, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for the repeal of the income tax.
By Mr. MUNGEN: The. petition of J. S.
Slack and 23 others, citizens of Auglaize
county, Ohio, asking for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. NEGLEY: A petition of 20 cigar
manufacturers of the counties of Alleghany and
Beaver, Pennsglvania, to restore the tariff rates
on imported cigars as advantageous to the rev-
enue and their manufacturers.
Also, a petition of 68 importers, merchants,
and dealers in sugars, of Philadelphia and Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, against a discriminating
tariff on sugar.
Also, a petition of 108 citizens of Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania, asking changes to be
introduced into the Constitution "humbly ac-
knowledging Almighty God as the source of
all authority and power in civil government,
the Lord Jesus Christ as the Ruler among the
nations, and His revealed will as supreme
authority, in order to constitute a Christian
Government."
Also, a petition of 21 citizens of Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania, against any change in our tariff
laws suggested by a free-trade league, repre-
senting alien interests and sustained in greater
part by British gold, and for such reduction
of duty on tea, coffee, drugs, spice, and other
articles of comfort as the necessities of the
revenue will admit, and also for such read-
justment of duty on articles which may be
made in this country as will prevent frauds in
the custom-house, maintain home industry,
and sustain the wages of the American me-
chanic and the market of the American farmer.
Also, a petition of 47 citizens of Temper-
anceville, Alleghany county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the. repeal of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, a petition of the Pittsburg Forge and
Iron Company and 295 of their employes, ask-
ing for such readjustment of the tariff as will
maintain home industry.
Also, a petition of various firms and citi- >
zens of Braddock's Field, Alleghany county,
Pennsylvania, asking for such readjustment
of the duty on articles which may be made in
this country as will prevent frauds on the cus-
tom-house, maintain home industry, and sus-
tain the wages of the American mechanic and
the market of the American farmer.
Also, a petition of 6 proprietors of blast-
furnaces and coke manufacturers of Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania, asking that coke be
excepted from the special tax as a manufac-
tured article being now collected under the
decision of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue.
Also, petitions of 646 citizens of Pittsburg,
Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the repeal of the franking privilege.
Also, petitions of 91 citizens of Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the repeal
of the franking privilege.
Also, petitions of 70 citizens of Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the repeal
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 83 citizens of Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the repeal
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 17 citizens of Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the repeal
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 23 citizens of Alleghany
