1383
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
eouftty, Penoiylvemia, .praying for the repeal
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 32 citizens of Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania, praying - for the repeal
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 132 citiaensofAlleghany
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the' repeal
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. NiBLACKt The memorial of B. G.
Van Riper and 18 others, citizens of Evans- i
ville, Indiana, praying for an increase of the i
tariff duties on cigars.
By Mr. STEVENS: The remonstrance of
Messrs. Warner & Whitney, and George W.
Davis & Co., of Nashua, New Hampshire,
against the granting of the petition of George
H. Corliss, tor the extension of his letters-
patent of Maroh 10, 1849, for improvements
in the steam-engine.
• By Mr. STRONG: A memorial of mer-
obante and dealers in sugar, of Hartford, Con-
necticut, regarding the proposed change of
duty on imported sugar.
By Mr. TRIMBLE: The petition of William
M. OargiU, far removal of his political disabil-
ities.
• Also, the petition of D.C. Wilcox, for the
removal of his political disabilities.
Also, the petition of Postmaster C. II. Ben-
nelt and others, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of Postmaster W. Wager
and others, of Critteudee connty, Kentucky,
for the abolition of th ffankinjr privilege.
By Mr. UPSON: Resolutions of Cleveland
Labor tin ion, ia favor of ooutmuinf the income
tax.
Also, the petition of Wet mo re &-Paige, of
Akron, Ohio, for a redaotion of doty en steel.'*
Also, the petition of J. B. Maas, and 76
others, asking for aa examination of the report
of Special -CommitsioMr David A. Wells.
' Also, the petition of Pettingill, Glass & Co.
and others, ckixsna of Cleveland, Ohio, on
the same subject. :
Also, the petition ofGroes, Garfield &War-
■er and others, citizens of Painesville, Lake
ooanty, <Ohio> for an increase of duty on cigare.
Aiso, a petition of the Cigar-makers' Union
of Painesville, Ohio, for increase of duty on
cigars.
By Mr. WINANS: The petition of Frisbie &
Graves and. 12. other firms and individuals,
wholesale dealers of Columbus, Ohio, praying
that the tariff oh sugars may remain-substan-
tially as fU present;
Also, the petition of Edwards, -Townsend &
Co. and 11 other firms and individuals, whole-
■ eale dealers-of Cleveland, Ohio, foe the same
otgeet.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: A petition from
the citizens of Harmony, Owen county, Ken-
tucky, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
IN SENATE.
!Fw ay, February 18, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, .Rev. J. P. Nhw-
mah, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
house bills referred.
The folio wing tills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Territories:
A bill (H. R. No. 778) to redefine ti portion
of the boundary lino between the State of Ne-
braska and the Territory of Dakota ;
AbilI(H.R, No. 866) to confirm the appor-
tionment and amend certainlaws of the Terri-
tory of Arizona; and *
A bill (H. R. No. 1258) to regulate the sala-
ries of chief justices and associate justices in
the Territories.
executive communications. .
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
ttaMte a message ftem the Pf«idB t#f the
United States, communicating a report of the
Secretary of (State in reply to a resolution of
the Senate of the 24th ultimo, directing the
Secretary of State to communicate a list of all
appointmentSj the commissions for which were
issued from hts Department to offices, the du-
ties of which have been at any time heretofore
and are now exercised in any of the Territories
belonging to the United States, or in any for-
eign country, and to give also the amount of
compensation allowed to each appointee, and
the State from which appointed; which, on
motion of Mr. Chandler, was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, ahd ordered to be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, com-
municating a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury in reply to a resolution of the Senate
of the 8th instant, requesting information as to
the expenditure of the appropriations hereto-
fore made to provide for the defense of certain
suits pending in the ■ Court of Claims, known
as the cotton casey; which, on motion of Mr.
Abbott, was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed. .
fifteenth amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair to be read
a telegraphic dispatch which I have received
from the Governor of Nebraska.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
po objection, and it will be read..
The Chief Clerk read a9 follows:
Lincoln, Nebraska, February 17,1870.
Hon. Charles Sumneu :
Legislature met nt two p. m. to-day; ratified fif-
teenth amendment at four p. m.; only live dissenting
voioee—one in the senate, four in the house.
Governor of Nebraska.
:The VICE PRESIDENT. What action does
the Senator desire?
Mr. SUMNER. Let it lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
, table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of Joseph McGuckiau, of Washington,
District of-Columbia, wounded while, in the
Government service, praying to be allowed a
pension j which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER. I present four petitions
from different parts of the country, all the same
in language, asking the appointment of a com-
mission which shall cooperate with individuals
and associations for the selection and purchase
of homesteads for the freedmen, so that they
may all have a piece of land. I move the
reference of these petitions to the Committee
on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present a petition
from the faculty, of the medical department
of Harvard University, signed by all of those
eminent gentlemen, in which they ask Con-
gress to accord to the medical officers of our
Navy such a degree of actual and substantial
raoU as properly belongs to them as members
of an honorable profession, and such as will
serve the best interests of the Navy and of the
country. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I present
the memorial of a large number of citizens
of Saratoga Springs, New York, remonstrating
against the present provisions of law author-
izing assessors to fix the rental value of hotels,
and attach a tax accordingly. I move that it
be referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING; I present also the petition
of Orsamus B. Matteson, of Utiea, New York,
and a large number of citizens of the county
of Oneida interested in the manufacture of
iron. The petitioners ask that inducements be
offered by way of drawback to those construct-
ing Atnetfctta tewtelft iat6 fron Mid other
materials enter, and they make other prayers.
I move that the petition be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Lucre-
tia Wright, widow of David R. Wright,deceased,
private company E, thirty-ninth Kentucky in-
fantry volunteers, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. NYE presented the memorial of the
American Atlantic Cable Telegraph Company
of New York, protesting agaiust granting to
foreigu corporations any concessions for tele-
graphic purposes until like concessions are
granted by foreign Governments to American
companies; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. RAMSEY presented one hundred and
one petitions of citizens of various States, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HAMILTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Maryland, praying for the abolition of
the frankiug privilege ; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition of citizens
of Indiana, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which wtvs ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of John
B. Watts, of Stauuton, Augusta county, Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. CASSERLY presented a resolution of
the Legislative Assembly of the State of Cali-
fornia, relative to the building of a breakwater
at Crescent City; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr, HOWELL presented five petitions of
citizens of Iowa, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr, JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Thomas H. Campbell, of Nottoway, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the select Commit-
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the.petition of William A.
i Gillespie, M. D., praying a reduction o,f tjie
tax on distilled spirits; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the petition of
: Mrs. Lincoln Phelps, and eight hundred other
I lfdiesofthecityofBaltimore,respectfully pray-
| ing that in the name of civil and religious lib-
; erty and of Christian charity your honorable
i boay will accord to struggling, suffering Cuba
the rights of a belligerent Power, and at once
recognize the independence of her long-op-
pressed people from the tyranny of a foreign
| yoke, which independence they have for more
j than a year maintained, unaided, by the tri-
i umph of their arms. I present also the peti-
! tion of eight thousand citizens of the State of
| Maryland, to the same effect. I present also
the petition of a large number of citizens of the
State, of Connecticut, to the same effect; and
another petition—the place from which it comes
I do not know—signed by a large number of
citizens, praying for the recognition of the inde-
pendence of Cuba.
I hope thg recent news we have had from
Cuba of victories within the last week, which
I believe has found its way to'the State Depart-
ment, will bring prompt and speedy action On
this subject. 1 move the reference of these
petitions to the Committee on Foreign dela-
tions.
The motion was agreed to.
I RACKING PRIVILEGE PETITIONS.,
The following petitions for the abolition of
the franking privilege were filed with the Sec-
retary, and ordered to lie on the table :
By the VICE PRESIDENT: Thirteenppti-
ftosis frott eitiaferts of tirifltus States.
