2332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 1,
1865, botli days inclusive, deducting therefrom
tlie sum or sums paid to his wife by the Pay-
master General's office during Ms impri, -u-
ment; which was referred to tlie Committee
on Claims.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of
Howard Finley, of Galveston, Texas, praying
the removal of iiis political disabilities j which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CONIvLING. I present a petition
numerously signed by citizens of Port Jervis,
Now York, asking for the removal of the First
National Bank of Delhi to Port Jet-vis, New
York, and I will say in this connection that the
Comptroller of the Currency, as I am advised,
is acquainted with the facts of the case and
approves entirely of this application. I move
that the petition be referred to the Committee
on Finance, at the same time asking the chair-
man of that committee to give his attention to
the subject, as I intend to introduce a bill with
regard to it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the memorial
of a committee on behalf of the colored peo-
ple of the Chocktaw and Chickasaw nations
of Indians, representing their grievances and
praying the adoption of such measures as will
secure to them equal rights and privileges with
white citizens, presented a few days since by
ihe Senator from Massachusetts, [XIr. Wil-
son',] be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
knrou.ki) wu. st'jnud.
A message fiom the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Li.oyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No. ^18) ex-
pressing the sympathy of Congress at the death
of Major General George H. Thomasand it
was thereupon signed by tlie Vice President.
PATKltS WITHDRAWN AND EKFEIUSED.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That tlio petition and accompanying
papers of R. W. Dawson, of West Virginia, praying
compensation for timber taken by General Cox, dur-
ing the lato war, bo taken from tliofjtos of the Senato
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
EEl'OUTS Of COMMITTERS.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee ou the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred a peti-
tion of citizens of Quincy, Illinois, praying for
the passage of a bill making a grant, of laud
fur a railroad from Brownsville, Nebraska,
westward, by way of the Republican river
valley, to the city of Denver, Colorado, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that, it bo referred to the Committee on
Public Lands ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, to whom was referred the bill (8.
No. 178) granting lands to aid in the const,mo-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
junction of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, in
the State of Missouri, to the boundary line
between the United States and Mexico, at or
near Presidio del Norte, on the Rio Grande,
in the direction of the harbor of Altata, on the
Gulf of California, in the republic of Mexico,
with a branch from some point east of the
ninety-eighth degree of we3t longitude to tho
city of Lawrence, in the State of Kansas, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I v/i 11 stato that both these
papers relate to railroads not connected with
any portion of tho Pacific railroad system.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom waa referred
tho bill (H. R. No. ;;8) to establish a police
court in tho District of Columbia, reported it
with an amendment.
He also, from tho same committee, to whom
was refened the bill (S. No. 094) to incor-
porate the American Academy of Literature,
Seience, and Art, reported it with amendments.
Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the petition of
Rosa Ann Somers, widow of William Somers,
and the petition of Philena Tracy, prayiDg to
be allowed pensions, asked to be discharged
from their iurther consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. HOWELL, froia the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 711) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act regulating the rights of prop-
erty of married women in the District of Co-
lumbia, passed April 10, 1800, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary; which was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred tho bill (8. No.
168) grauting lands to aid in tho construction
of a railroad from Lincoln, in the State of
Nebraska, to Denver, Colorado Territory, re-
porteditwith an amendment, which was ordered
to be printed; aud the bill was recommitted to
tho committee.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
citizens of Castinc, Maine, praying for the
establishment of a navy-yarcl at that place,
asked t.o be discharged from its further consid-
eration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I am also directed by tho
same committee, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 118) to place the
name of Benjamin H. Richards on tho Navy
Register, to report it with an amendment. I
had purposed to ask for the present consider-
ation of the bill, but tho condition of business
is such tlmt 1 shall not now do so.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on tho
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (II. R. No. 1427) to provide for the
creation of corporations in the District of Co-
lumbia* by general law, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee on
Patents, to whom was referred tho petition of
Levi W. Pond and of the Eau Clairo Lumber
Company, reported a bill (S. No, 748) confirm-
ing and extending a patent right to Levi W.
Pond and tho Eau Clairo Lumber Company;
which was read and passed to asoeond reading.
PLACING OF TUBES, ETC., IN AVUNl'ES.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. lam directed
by tho Committee on Public .Buildings and
Grounds to report a bill authorizing the cor-
poration of the city of Washington to set apart
portions of street3 and avenues as parks for
troes and walks. I do not think a single Sen-
ator will objcct to tho passage of this bill, aud
as it is necessary to be passed now to have any
effect for tho present year, 1 ask for its imme-
diate consideration.
By unanimous consent the bill was read twice,
and considered as in Committee of tho Whole,
it proposes to authorize the corporation of tho
city of Washington to set-apart from time to
time, a3 parks to be adorned with shade-trees
and walks, and inclosed with curb-stones, one-
third part or less of any and all streets and
avenues in the city of Washington, leaving a
road-way in all eases of not less than thirty-five
feet in width for public travel; and the corpor-
ation of the city is empowered to levy and
collect spocial taxes on particular wards, parts,
or sections of the eity, or upon all property
bordering upon avenues, streets, and alleys
which shall have been so improved, sufficient
in amount to pay tho actual cost thereof. There
is a proviso that nothing contained in the bill
shall be held to apply to Pennsylvania, Louisi-
ana, and Indiana avenues, or to Four-and-a-
half street between the City Hall and Pennsyl-
vania avenue.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will simply
say, in explanation of the bill, that it is asked
for mainly by the residents of tho city on the
several streets aud avenues. The city author-
ities have not power without tho legislation of
Congress to accomplish the purpose. I think
the measure will commend itself to the judg-
ment of every Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wist to suggest an
amendment which I trust the Senator from
Vermont will accept, because J happen to kh.ow
one case where it would be advisable. The
amount to be dedicated to a park is limited by
the bill to one third of the width of the street.
It ought to be, in my; judgment, " not exceed-
ing one half." For instance, I live on a street
of this city one hundred and forty-eight feet
wide, and L have ljad presented for my signa-
ture a plan to park more than one third of it;
a very good plan, and I should like to see it
carried oat. I think, therefore, the limit of
one third would not be sufficient in that case.
If thirty-five feet on either side should be
parked it would leave a roadway of fifty feet
with room for sidewalks. I think the limit is
too narrow.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I will say to
the Senator from Ohio that I have conferred
with the architect and the street commissioner,
and we finally came to the conclusion thai this
was tho proper amount of space to he allotted.
Take the larger streets Of one hundred and
fifty feet width; twenty feet on each side are
taken up now for sidewalks, leaving one hun-
dred and twenty feet. These are the avenues
and larger streets. If one third is taken out
that will be forty feet, leaving, if it is in the
center, a carriage-way on either side of forty
feet.
Mr. SHERMAN. The ordinary way now
in the large cities of the West is to have the
parking on either side, and the road-way in the
center. That is tho proper way. In the case
put by the honorable Senator, the road-bed
might be fifty feet wide, and then there might
be a park of, say, thirty feet on either side,
which would bo a narrow park; but sixty feet
would be more than one third, and that would
be prohibited by the bill as it stands.
Mr.MORRILL,ofVermont. Ihavenoobjec-
tion myself to the amendment suggested by the
Scuator fiom Ohio, although I have no author-
ity to accept it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the bill
by striking out" one third " and inserting "not
exceeding one half."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDM UNDS. I move to amend by insert-
i ng before the word'' road-way "the word "cen-
tral," so as to provide that the road-way which
shall be loft shall bo in the center of the street,
instead of authorizing anybody to build up a
row of trees along the middle of the street so
as to stop the passage to houses on either side,
and make, in fact, two separate streets. Tho
streets ought to bo kept open in tho center. 1
believe that is what the committee understand.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will st^te to the honor-
able Senator from Vermont that I know that
in one of the streets of the city they propose
to make a central park. I think it would be
a very good plan, and I would leave it discre-
tionary to the persons having the management
of this matter. For instance, Sixteenth street
is a very wide street, and I believe the plan
contemplates parking the center of that and
having the road-bed on either side, as is the
common way in London. I think I would leave
that matter to the city authorities.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The difficulty about that
is that as the bill stands, without some amend-
ment, any board of aldermen or some evil-
disposed persons would be authorized, if they
chose, to put the whole of this parking on one
side of the street and throw travel entfrely over
on the other. No such authority ought to be
delegated to any set of men. They ought either
to be required to do one of two things, and I
do not care personally much which: either to
have the road-way in the center of the street,
or to leave an equally wide road-way on either
side of the, centcr where "the .trges should be
planted. The amendment I liavp suggested
requires the road-way to he in Uie "center. I
