4220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GT^OBE.
June 8,
and able, that the policy must be changed;
we must force these Indians, if need be, to go
on reservations. Some of tbem have agreed
to do so. There are thousands of them now an
reservation's -who do not know, how to cultivate
the fields, who have no knowledge of the me-
chanic arts, who cannot make a living in this
way. You must provide rations for them in
lieu of what they otherwise would have secured
by the chase. But if you require the Secretary
of the Interior to pay for Indian depredations,
to indemnify white people for all their losses
out of these appropriations, how is tie Depart-
ment to feed! tjie Indians? - The appropriation
will be absorbed; the Department cannot feed
them ; th^y will scatter ; and you will have a
repetition of the depredations tliat have been
complained of for so many years past, and
another Indian ww that will require the appro-
priation of multiplied millions of money.
We ought, as it seetns to me, to look at the
changed condition of thirds and sq modify the
law as to leave it possible for the officers of
this Government to enforce the law and keep
these Indian's on their reservations, and thus
prevent., as far as possible, the depredations
of which the whife people on the frontier so
justly complain.
Mr. THUIIMAN. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
whether lie desire^ u§ to sit this b41 out to-
night?
Mr. M08.UIIvL, of Maine. I say in reply
to niy honorable friend, most emphatically,
that i do.
Mr. Til HUMAN. Then I beg leave ms st
respect fn Hy to suggest, that we vote without,apy
further debate on amendments thai, have been
debated until, I think, every one understands
them. This very question was debated largely
in oommiU.ee. It has been very ably debated
on both sides of the House. Let us vole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Htov-
AtiT in the chair.) T^ip question is 011 concur-
ring in the amendment inad" as in Committee
of the Whole.
The amendment was conpurred in ; there
being, on a division—ayes 27, noes W.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is the amendment just
adopted susceptible of further amendment?
The PJUUSID1NG OFFICER It is not,
except by addition.
Mr. POMEHOY. It is susceptible of amend-
ment by an addition to it, not by taking any-
thing from it.
Mr. WILLIAMS, I wish to amend thp
amendment by adding words to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER That is in
order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to add these
words:
Provided, That this rut :h.il! not apply to claims
that luivo hot'otulbro uoor.K-d under exiling law.
Mr. 1IAULAN. That would be very im-
proper, I think.
Mr. PO.VIEUOY. This section should bo
prospective, not retrospective.
Mr. 1IAKLAN. That would make it very
embamwsiug to the Department. I under-
stand there are now more than a million dol-
lars ol these claims on lilo. I think they ought
to come here like other claims.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Iowa
says that this section just adopted lias been
'recommended and urged by the Department.
J have looked at the reports for two or three
years and J cannot find any such recommend-
ation. I have not seen it in any communica-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior or of the
Commissioner of Indian Aflaira.
Mr. HARLAN, I will explain. I said " the
Department." The Indian Bureau isdescribed
in law as a Department. The Commissioner
of Indian Afuirs was before the Committee on
Indian Affairs of the Senate, and represented
these facts to which I have referred.
Mr. POMEROY. Has he ever so commu-
nicated in writing to either branch of Congress ?
. :Mr. IIARLA N. j am not >::]■<;; ho has.
Mr. POMEROY. What he has said privately
is no recommendation.
Mr, IIARLAN. Yes, it j? a recommenda-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
ia on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Oregon.
Mr. MORRILL;, of Maine. Let it be read.
The Chief Olkmc. It is proposed to add at
the end of the section the following proviso :
Provided, That the provisions of this section shall
not apply to claims that have heretofore aeorupd
under existing law.
Mr. HOWE. It seems to me if we are to
send anybody tp Congress for appropriations
to pay for depredations committed by Indians,
those who have already suffered in that way'
should come here. Otherwise the amendment
thatyou have just agreed to is simply an invita-
tion to commit depredations hereafter, and
exposes the Government to all the evils pre-
dicted by the Senator from lovva, and we' get
no benefit out of it at all,
Mr. WILLIAMS. This thing of sending men
to Congress with their claims on this subject
is like kicking them out of the back door and
having them understand they are not to come
any more. It is equivalent to a rejection, an
extinguishment of these claims, as I under-
stand it. It amounts to that and nothing else.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. The idea of an Indian
coming to Congress to present his claim for
depredations by white men upon him!
Mr. I1ARLAN. This amendment proposed
by the honorable Senator from Oregon is in the
interest of ibe white men, not of the Indians.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on the amendment ottered by the Senator
from Oregon.
The amendment was rejected.
The next reserved amendment was on page
70, after line seventeen hundred and funr, to
insert the following clause;
For this amount, or so much tlicroof as limy be
ncoes.viry, to erutbK: 1 lie tJecixt.uy of the Inteuor to
collect bjuuls ol Kir-kiipnu or other Indians roving
on tho borders of Texas anil Mexico, and to locate
and f>abaist them in tho Indian territory, jiiu.OUt).
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I move you,
sir, to aipond that auiiindipent by striking out
"$25,000'' and inserting "$5l),O0J." Thp
latter amount is the sum which the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs reported, upon tho
suggestion of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, I will state for tho satisfaction of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
and tho Senate, succinctly, the history of this
band of Indians for tho last six or seven years.
There appeared to betorno doubt isi the minds
of Senators the other day whether this appro-
priation was necessary or not, or whether it
was proper toeqlieet these Indians and conduct
them back to the Indian territory.
These Indians constitute about five eighths
of the JvickapoQ Iribe, as 1 understand. The
Commissioner of Indian Affairs tells me that
there are about five hundred Kickapoos now
on the reservation. There are, from the best
information we can gather, about a thousand
of them in Mexico. 11 is stated in the amend-
ment that they area roving band of Indians,
hanging on the borders of Texas and Mexico.
They have their residence there. They claim
to belong to Mexico. In 1SG1 or 18G2, when
they were being pressed very hard by the con-
federate agents to engage in hostilities against
the United States, they negotiated for the privi-
lege of settling in Mexico. So they state them-
selves. They got permission to do so. They
started with their families across the country
outside of the frontier, and had progressed
more than two thirds of the way across the
territory of Texas before they were discovered
by anybody. Finally, some person saw them
and reported them to the nearest military com-
mand, without knowing who they were or what
they were after. The military pursued them,
overlook them, attacked them in their camps,
and cut them to pieces very badly ; but the I
Indians fought bravely, repulsed the attacking. j
party, dro.ve them off, collected their families, j
and marched oji to Mexico. j
Since that tipjp they have laepn three or fqqr j
tinges a year, perhaps balf a do.zen time? a' ]
year, ^crops thft river potpiftitting depredations. ,
upon the fronfiqrs of Te^as, stealing property, !
and returning tp M.e?i?P.. Tha,t has jj£>an their1 :
constant practise now fov seven years They. :
have destroyed hundreds of thousands of dob' 1
lars' worth of property apd killed a gi'ftat mapy
ppopje. They are fine hprsptgefl, brave men, I
apd great thievfj^. Tliey find in Mexico a,
raarkei for all their stolen property. Our citi-
zens I think, without apy permission from th§'
Government ftfMqxioo Qr witbofttany authority
fraiji the Uait§4 Suites, hjj,vo passed qvqr intg
Mexico titpe and e)g§,in in purppit of th«b' prop-
erty. , They have gone over and l\ad examina-
tions smd trials before the alcalde about their
prope^y; but they have nevqr rpQovpred mil
of it. There are good witnesses over there, and
they always keep it, ft'P"A them.
Now, sir, ipy own estimate was that about
tliirty-five thousand dolla.rs would ]}e sufficient
for the removal o.f tli.ese Indians. I populated
that it would take about four or five months tQ
collect them together and march them across
the country to t.h,sir o.ld limiting grounds, it
is in the neighborhood Qf a thousand miloss,
and that would be not .more than tliirty cents
a day for wh one, including transportation.
If the Army '9 pertnittqd to give assistance in
the way of transportation, or of an escort, or
anything of that sort, it can, perhaps, be dqne
for less. I cansull.ed with the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs abo.ut it and he said $50,000,
he thought, was as little as ought to be appro-
priated for the purpose. lie said perhaps it
would not take every dollar of that, but ihey
would only use so much as might be necessary.
This was before the Committee on Indian
Affairs. The committee concluded that his
suggestion was a good one, and they agreed to
recommend an appropriation of $60,000. and
1 was vejry glad that they did so.
I have consulted with the Commissioner
since ; I saw him yesterday morning, and he
told mo that less than $50,000 would not
answer the purpose unless they got the assist-
ance of the Army, which they could not abso-
lutely calculate upon, lie tells me that there
is no difficulty, be thinks, about, getting the
Indians to go back ; that his information is
that they want to return. That is my inform-
ation. 1 ascertained before I left home that
they werewi'lingtoreturn to their tribe, but they
wanted protection against the paople of Texas
in crossing the country, and they wanted some-
thing to subsist upon while they were going,
and after they got there, for a time. Upon,
these terms tliey desire to go back.
Now, the simple question is, what is the most
economical mode ot' disposingof these Indians
and taking care of tbem? It is true it would
be a bad policy, as a rule, for the Government
of the United States to go out into foreign
countries and hunt up vagabond Indians and
bring tbem into the territory of the United
States and subsist them ; but inasmuch as these
Indians inflict just as much damage upon the
people of Texas as though they resided in the
country, and inasmuch as we cannot get at
them legally, we cannot cross the Rio Grande
after them without violating our treaty stipula-
tions with Mexico, I hope the Senate will
restore the appropriation, which was out down
in Committee of the Whole, to the ?50,000
originally agreed upon by the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Ihe PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on the amendment of the Senator from Texas
to the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Wh-oie.
