5164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
July 4,
proper. It has hitherto been the policy of the
country to encourage immigration. It is but
a few centuries since the first settlements wei-e
made upon this continent by immigrants, either
from Asia, or Africa, or Europe. The people
that first settled here, and who now chiefly
inhabit the United States, came from Europe.
Originally few in numbers and feeble, it was
to their interest to encourage immigration and
the bringing of capital to the country, to
strengthen themselves and build up Govern-
ments.
Now the United States of America have
become one of the great Powers of the earth.
We have to day forty million people, and in
twenty-five years more wo shall perhaps have
twice that number. It is still our policy to
encourage immigration. Foreigners who come
here are admitted to all the rights of American
citizenship after a very short residence. That
we have the right, as a nation, to shut the doors
and refuse the admission of foreigners into the
United States 1 do not doubt. As a mere
question of power under the Constitution, we
may refuse to receive Chinese, we may deny
them the right to land upon our shores, as we
may the people from any other country; but
that is not the American policy.
Mr. POMEROY. We have a treaty with
China allowing them to come.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We could refuse to
make treaties which would allow inhabitants
of other countries to come hero and settle; and
I suppose we could build a Chinese wall around
the United States, as the people of China did
around that empire. But I have no idea that
we shall do any such thing, or that wo ought to
do any such thing. I think all nations should
be open to the commerce of the world, and
that wo should facilitate intercommunication
between the different peoples of the earth.
When foreigners come here, whether from
China or Japan, from England or Ireland, from :
Germany or Africa, no matter whence they
come, if we allow them to settle among us and
have a law under which they may naturalize
according to the Constitution and the principles
of our Government, all should be permitted to
naturalize alike. Our naturalization laws, ac-
cording to the Constitution of the United States,
must be uniform. The authority is given by the
charter of our Government to establish "a uni-
form rule of naturalization ;" and wecan estab-
lish none other. If a person comes here from
China, conforms to our laws, adapts himself to
the condition of things in this country, he has
the same right to become, a naturalized citizen
under any laws we may pass as if he came
from Europe. Why not?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator if he holds that all the naturalization
laws of the United States since the formation
of the Government have been unconstitutional
because they have excluded colored persons
from naturalization? Has not that question
been before the courts since the formation of
the Government to the present time; and has it
not been decided time and again that persons
not white cannot bo naturalized, and does not
that word "uniform" apply to place and not
to person ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. To place? To estab-
lish a uniform rule of naturalization, is the
power granted, i do not know that 1 under-
stand the Senator from Oregon when he asks
whether it applies to place.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I mean that Congress
shall pass no naturalization law for the State
of New York especially, and no other part of
the Union; but that the law shall apply equally
in every part of the Union. But as to the
pemons to be naturalized, that is within the
discretion of Congress. It has been so con-
sidered from the foundation of the Govern-
ment.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I do not think that is a
fair construction of the Constitution.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. Each State but for that
provision in the Constitution would have its
own rule of naturalization, as in point of fact
each had before the Constitution was formed,
just as each State could have its own bank-
rupt law; and it was* in order to produce
uniformity throughout-all the States, precisely
as was suggested by the Senator from Oregon,
that Congress is invested iu the very same
clause with power to pass a uniform law of
naturalization and a uniform bankrupt act.
The place is everything.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I understand the
Senator from Ohio to hold that all that is
meant by this clause of the Constitution "to
establish a uniform rule of natnrnlization.and
uniform laws on the subject, of bankruptcy,"
is that the law must be the same in New York
that it is in Ohio. Is that all ?
Mr. THURMAN. It may bo uniform as to
the mode of proceeding. It may require uni-
formity in that respeot.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Docs the Senator from
Ohio mean to say that the law may be different
as to persons in Ohio and in the State of New
York?
Mr. THURMAN. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That one person may
take the benefit of the baukrupt law in the
State of New York in one mode, and because
he is a different person ho shall not have the
same right in Ohio?
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator under-
stood mo in that way, if I apprehend his ques-
tion, he has certainly made a great mistake.
The law must bo uniform ; that is, it must bo
the same law in every Stale in the Uuion, and
of course if it is, the mode is precisely the
same.
Mr. TRUMBULL Then it applies to all
persons alike.
Mr. THURMAN. All persons who are pro-
vided for by the law; but there is nothing in
that which requires that you shall naturalize
every body who sees fit to ask for naturaliza-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator hold
that we could pass a bankrupt law that would
be applicable to men of blue eyes only?
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir; I do not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then he admits that it
applies to persons?
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask a
question of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will hear your ques
tion. I have heard two; now I will hear the
third.
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator contend
that by a naturalization law exceptions cannot
be made, that it must apply to everybody?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will under-
stand what I contend for by the remarks I am
about to make.
Mr. STEWART. I ask if exceptions can
be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will find
out what my view is if he will listen to me.
I now wish to answer the Senator from Ore-
gon who, aided by the Senator from Ohio, has
sought to give a construction to the natural-
ization clause of the Constitution as applicable
to place, and not applicable to persons.
1 agree that under the Constitution you can-
not pass a bankrupt act or a naturalization act
that shall operate differently in the different
States of the Union. It must be uniform in
the different States; but that is not the only
uniformity: it must be uniform also in its op-
eration upon persons; and I deny that it is
competent for the Congress of the Uuited
States to pass a bankrupt act that shall bo
applicable to particular persons only. I say
it must be applicable to all classes of persons
alike.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow, me
to ask him a question in regard to the bank-
rupt law ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Although his analogy
of blue eyes there was not of much force, I
ask, does he deny the power of Congress to
pass a bankrupt law such as the English bank-
rupt law originally was, and for the .most part
is yet, confined simply to traders?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Traders and bankers.
Probably not; but it must be uniform as to all
classes of persons, and if a Chinaman is a
trader he is included.
Let not the Senator from Ohio seek to escape
from the effect of what I am saying by that
question. I say to the Senator from Ohio that
the Congress of the United States has no power
to pass a bankrupt act which shall apply to a
trader who is a German and not to a trader
who is an Irishman or an Englishman. I say
to the Senator from Ohio that when Congress
passes a bankrupt act applicable to merchants
and traders, itmustbe applicable to merchants
and traders without reference to where they are
born, the color of their eyes, or the complexion
of their skins. That is what I say. And now
I say that when we pass a uniform rule of natu-
ralization it must be applicable alike to all for-
eigners from all countries.
Something has been said in this debate about
the Chinese being pagans. Sir, if our Consti-
tution intended to steer clear of anyone thing
it was the establishment of any religious test
or qualification for office or the establishment
of any religion whatever; to leave everybody
perfectly ficeto woiship the Supreme Being
according to the dictatesof his own conscience,
to fashion for himself his mode of worship.
Mr. TIPTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask was not, that in reference to Christian
sects, without regard to pagans?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think that was
in reference to Christian sects. I think the
Jew was intended to be protected by the Con-
stitution of the United States just as much as
if he were a Christian ; and the Senator from
Nebraska must not forget that a great many
persons iu the United States are not Chris-
tians, as the word is understood. What will he
do with all the Jews, who deny the divinity of
Christ? Was not the Constitution intended,
and does it not protect them as well as the
Christian?
Mr. TIPTON. If they can take our oath
of naturalization we administer it to them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And if the Chinaman
can take our oath of naturalization we will
administer it to him. If he is a law-abiding
person, if he supports our Government, in-
corporates himself in our society as one of us,
he should have the same right to be natural-
ized under any law which we may pass as if
he were the most devoted Christian. That is
my view of the constitutional provision.
Since the recent amendment of the Consti-
tution and the inauguration of the policy that
now prevails of doing away with all distinctions
on account of race or color, it seems to me
very extraordinary that the Senate of the Uni-
ted States should be engaged in attempting to
maintain this distinction on account of race
or color. That is all there is of it. This whole
opposition to the naturalization of the Chinese
grows out of their race and color. They are
Asiatics, and the color of their skin is yellow.
It is not long since the color of the skin being
black deprived au individual of all his rights.
The old naturalization law provided for eon-
feiring citizenship only upon white persons.
1 doubt the constitutionality of that law. It
may not have been unconstitutional, so far as
persons imported as slaves before 1808 were
concerned, because slaves were not regarded
as having the rights of citizens though born in
the United States. But since the adoption of.
the thirteenth and fourteenth amendments, all
persons born in the United States have all the
rights of citizenship without regard to race or
color. The Constitution of the United States
did not formerly prohibit slavery in tlje States,
and those colored people who were brought
here as slaves prior to 1808, and while The
