1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Receipts and Expenditures—Mr. Sherman.
Senate.
From this report from the Bureau of Sta-
tistics it will be seen that under an aggregate
of incomes of $5,824 61, expenditures were
S5,G76 98, leaving earnings over expenses but
§147 03, or only 2} per cent. upon earnings; and
the wages paid, averaging from 17 to 96 cents
per day. This is European pay for toil. Would
you have it American? Is it to this dire ex-
tremity the gentleman would drive our skilled
and unskilled laborers?
The average time of daily labor throughout
Europe is twelve hours, and wages paid to
common laborers in country districts arc 19
cents per day, in cities from 22 to 24 cents per
day, and for skilled workmen 60 cents per day.
1 now quote from Commissioner Wells's re-
port, giving the wages paid in rural districts
of our States, as follows:
"In Illinois, for common lahorers, SI 09 per day,
and for experienced laborers, $133 per day; in Iowa,
for common laborers, SI 08 per day, and for expe-
rienced laborers, $1 45 per day; in Michigan, for
common laborers, $1 19 per day, and for experienced
laborers, SI 39 per day."
While among lumbermen, in 1860, under
reciprocity, common hands were paid 60 cents
per day, and sawyers and engineers from $1
to $1 50 per day, in 1869 the wages of com-
mon hands were $1 50 per day, and sawyers
and engineers from $2 50 to $3 per day.
This liberal apportionment to labor springs
from a disposition to share with the laborer
the benefits accruing to the manufacturer, and
is worthy of all praise. Away with the nig-
gardly policy that would wrench from the toil-
ing sons of the forest just and ample compen-
sation for their labor! Would you consign
them to machines by forcing them to eke out
the hours of the day by burdens that impover-
ish as well as exhaust, or should you not in-
spire them by well-paid competitive service,
which lifts them into the higher plane of a
respected manhood?
Air. Speaker, in concludinglet me briefly state
the sum ef my views and support of the tariff.
First, generally. I am for so much protection
of the product of our own manufacture and
growth as will compel foreign productions to
pay for the privilege of entering our markets,
to the extent of mainly covering the expendi-
tures and necessities of the Government and
the interest on the public debt, and diminish-
ing that tariff as rapidly as this necessity dimin-
ishes, and thus avoid as far as possible direct
taxation of our people. Meanwhile our man-
ufacturers and agriculturists will be placed upon
their feet, so that when these governmental
necessities and corresponding tariff are mate-
rially reduced, the American people will thou
be able to compete in the open markets of the
world. In doing this I would protect simply
articles of our own production, and exempt
all those not produced in this country. It was
with this view that I voted to put tea and coffee
not grown here upon the free list, so as to
cheapen these which the masses of the people
consume. I regretted to see the Democratic
side of the House voting mainly against and
causing its defeat; at the same time 1 cheer-
fully award due credit to the distinguished gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,]
the able jurist and statesman, who on the ques-
tion of duty on iron uttered this protest against
Jus party action, and fully indorsed the general
position upon which I stand:
"Now, what I wish to say is especially f<r thebcn-
tfit of my Democratic friend.-! by whom I am sur-
'oi'nded, and who insist on having cheap iron. They
/lii .->t live without cheap iron. I remember that
'-'Mil or the revolutionary war an English states-
u..j: said that we ought nottomakealiob-nailin this
"ountrv, that wo should have all our work-shops in
'iiva. Britain, jvseiitiiiieiitwhick lam shocked to near
.'■h ocated by Democrats on this floor. Forthe tend-
1 ncy ot the arguments of my friond from New York,
- ti'i of some others of my Iriends near me, the tend-
•'!:"v ot their arguments is to place our entire iron-
^hops in Great Britain, France, Belgium, and other
"ountric!-, so astocheapen th e iron which the farmer
needs.
"Well, now, I will tell thesegentlemen how we can
get cheap iron m this country. Putyour laborers on
the same lovel with the laborers of England and
Prance and Belgium, and you will have cheap iron.
When in this country men have to starve or work for
low wages, they will work for low wages rather than
starve. If you will reduce our laborers to the neces-
sity of living in a mud hovel with a ground floorand
a thatch roof and a pig at the door, and meat to eat
but once a week, deny their children the privilege
of attending a school, and their wives the privilege
of entering a church or having a change of dress; if
you insist on putting the Democratic people of this
country down on such a level as that, we can have
cheap iron after the fashion of these European coun-
tries; and then when this population becomes dis-
contented and rebellious, why, a part of this ar-
rangement for cheap iron will be a standing army to
keep them in order, and an armed police at all the
cross-roads to keep the people down. 1'hat is the
English fashion and the French fashion and the Bel-
gian fashion of making cheap iron. We can make
cheap iron in this country, but we must employ the
same means that are employed there.
" ISTow, if my Democratic friends would go home to
their constituents and tell them they propose to
reduce the voting population of this country to that
condition, if they ever get back here to clamor for
cheap iron I will agree to be shot. [Laughter.] If
you will put iron into railroads, and carry popula-
tion and civilization to the remotest parts of the
land, you will cheapen iron and all other necessaries
of life."
Second, specially. On the question of duty
on lumber, the remarks of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] on iron, would
be my sufficient argument for protection on
that article. But I go further, and claim that
the removal of the tariff on lumber would not
lessen its price nor make it one iota cheaper
to the people. More likely would it make
it higher, by transferring control of the mar-
ket to Canada, and as we have seen—by the
admissions of the memorialists for free trade,
which I have quoted—increase instead of de-
crease the market rates. Canada has a certain
quantity of poorer class of lumber that she
cannot dispose of elsewhere, and will send it
to our market at whatever cost of tariff, mak-
ing up the loss she suffers on it on her better
qualities, that pay a larger profit in South
American markets. Now, if it is the purpose
of gentlemen on this floor to relieve British
Canadian subjects from the payment of $1,500,-
000 into the Treasury of the United States,
which they now do under the tariff on lumber,
and compel our citizens, already greatly bur-
dened by taxation, to make up this sum by
direct tax, then upon them shall the respons
ibility rest. Either by duty or tax the neces-
sities of the Government must, be provided for.
Throwing away this amount, without any pos-
sible hope of reducing the price of the article
upon which it is raised, merely for the benefit
of foreigners and at the cost of our own people,
is an act in which I cannot share.
I now conclude, sir, in a broader sense and
more national spirit. The past invites us to
a proper husbandry of all those elements which
enter into the strength of the nation. What-
ever conserves this should be cultivated and
jealously guarded.
Lumbering pursuits stimulate invention and
fertility of resource, which, with inseparable
exposures to inclemencies of wind and water,
tending to harden and compact powers of en-
durance, eminently fit those thus employed
for the perilous exigencies of State; and the
country called not m vain for their aid in her
extremity. In our late struggle, in which the
nation shook to the center in the throes of
rebellion, Michigan sent to the rescue twelve
per cent.' of her population, and her gallant
sons were the honored van to capture the flying
head of crushed conspiracy. When I reflect
that this contest was prolonged by the sympa-
thies of British subjects on our border actively
and unblushingly tendered to rebels, in both
material aid and safe asylum : that while in
fratricidal blood v/e weltered, and the roll of
our dead was multiplied through the support
given, and hope of final victory inspired, by
the?'' same border coadiutors, never shall I
raise my voice or cast my vote for any measure
that tends to build up British fortunes upon
the ruins of American citizens.
Receipts and Expenditures—Reduction of
Taxation.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN SHERMAN,
01? OHIO,
Is THE SEXATE OP THE UNITED STATES,
May 23, 1870.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having
under consideration the bill (H. R. No. 974) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1871—
Mr. SHERMAN said :
Mr. President : This appropriation bill is
the first of a series that will bring beforeus every
branch of the expenditures of the national Gov-
ernment. It may be well before we enter into
their details to take a general view of our ex-
penditures and of such measures of taxation
as will be necessary to raise the vast sums about
to be appropriated. Taxes and appropriations
are inseparably associated. They are the pleas-
ing and painful sides of financial legislation.
If to appropriate money was the "end all and
be all " of this and kindred bills it would be
the most gratifying employment in the world.
We could indulge in the luxuries df art and the
fancies of statesmanship; we could erect tem-
ples for custom-houses and cover the ocean
with our subsidized steamers: we could increase
our salaries and buy all the islands adjacent
to our continent. But unhappily we can only
appropriate what we first collect by taxation,
and taxation is a painful process at best, in its
nature unequal, and generally inflicting more
injury to the individual than it confers benefit
upon the people. Every appropriation bill is
a tax bill, ana every item added is a draft upon
the earnings and labor of our citizens, to which
is superadded the cost of collection. If the
money is borrowed, then interest is added, and
interest is as consuming to the resources of a
nation as it is to an individual. It never rests
or sleeps.
The estimates upon which these appropri-
ation bills are founded are made annually by
bureau clerks nearly one year before the com-
mencement of the fiscal year for which they
are made, and by law are submitted to us at
thebeginningof each session. A general resumi
of these for the year may be found on pages
240 to 244 of the book of estimates, as fol-
lows :
Legislative department  $2,833,891 40
Executive department  21,321,804 00
Judicial department  1,575,990 00
Military Department.  33,845,747
Naval Department  24,598.277 3i
Indians  5,048,3o4 51
Pensions      30,490,000 00
Miscellaneous  5,531,267 81}
Public works  *.4,62o,l/b
Postal appropriations,(deficiency!...... 5,427,131 23
Annual appropriation  155,297,617 62
Permanent appropriations, luamiy
coliccting of customs and postal
service..."  5,110,000 00
Other indefinite permanent appropri-
ations, as drawbacks, excess of
duties, bounties, <fcc  9,031,oOO 00
Interest of public debt  129,077,815 OU
Total ^298,516,732
02
A palpable error occurred in the postal esti-
mates, but this I have corrected iu the state-
ment read. The great mass of these estimate?
are to carry into effect existing laws, ami
can only be reduced by a change of the law
j All the appropriations for public works, and
j some of the appropriations for other heads of
!j expenditure, amounting in the aggregate to
' more than fifty million dollars, depend upon
