1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2333
do not object to the suggestion of the Senator
from Ohio to leave it to the discretion of the
parties to have it one way or the other.
Mr. SHERMAN. We can agree on that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
objection to putting it in the alternative, for I
know the purpose on the part of the authorities
generally is to have these parks on each side
of the street; but there maybe some instances
where they would prefer to have them in the
center.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not put it in the
alternative?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will modify my amend-
ment, then, so as to leave them authority to
have the road-way either central or of equal
widths on either aide of the central park.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is one other little
amendment I wish to suggest, and that is to
insert before the word " manner," where the
manner of taxation is submitted to the city
council, the word "equal;" so that in imposing
this special tax upon particular sections of the
city it shall be uniform as respects the property-
holders in that section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is no
objection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, how does the bill
read?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the bill as amended.
The Secretary read as follows :
And bo it ennctcd, &■>;., That the corporation of the
city of Washington be, and hereby is, authorized to
set apart from time to time as parks, to bo adorned
with shade-Uees and \\ aiks, and inclosed with curb-
stone?, not cxeecdmg one hall, or less, of any and all
streets and avenues in the said city of Washington,
leaving an equal width of road-way on each side
thereof in all cases of not less than thirty-five feet
in width for public travel, or a central road-way of
eciual width: and tho said corporation is hereby au-
thorized and empowered to levy and collect special
taxes, in such equal manner as said corporation may
determine on particular wards, parts, or sections of
tho city, or upon all property bordering upon ave-
nues, streets, and alleys, &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a mistake in
that now. It says " leaving a road-way of not
less than thirty-five feet on each side thereof.''
That will not do. There is no room for that
in the narrow streets. The words " on each
side thereof" must be stricken out. Thirty-
tire feet arc to be left as a carriage-way in all
the streets, but you are not to liavo thirty-five
i'eet on cach side of the improvement where
you make the improvement on the sides of the
streets. There are to )>e thirty-five ieet be-
tween.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
strike out the words "or less," and, then I
think, it will conform to the idea of my col-
league.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think the bill had better
be recommitted at present.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to make a
suggestion to the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmunds,] though perhaps there is noth-
ing in it. I observe that the bill reads "in
such equal manner." Now, I take it that as-
sessments should be in reference to the num-
ber of feet front, among other things. It should
not be equal, as between individuals. Perhaps
the word "equal" points to that sufficiently; but
if it does not, perhaps "equitable" would do.
Whether the bill is to' pass now or be recom-
mitted, I simply suggest this to the Senator
for his consideration. Of course it is not, to
be an equal tax per capita.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; but the manner of
it is to be equal.
Mr RAMSEY. I move to recommit the
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it can be per-
fected now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have just been to the
Secretary's table and read the bill. It is con-
fused by these amendments. They have been
put in without sufficient care. There is no dis-
pute, I think, about the,object to bo attained,
but I think the Senator from Vermont had bet-
ter withdraw the bill for a few minutes or let
it be recommitted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. By general
consent I ask leave to withdraw the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
regarded as withdrawn.
treedjien's savings and teust company.
Mr. PATTERSON. The Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 732) to amend an act entitled
"An act to incorporate the Freedmcn's Sav-
ings and Trust Company," approved March 3,
1865, have directed me to report it back with
a recommendation that it pass, and I ask that
it be put upon its passage now. It is a bill of
ouly a single section, and it will take but a
minute.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope thero will bo no
objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent to consider thebill at the present
time. Is there objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read for in-
formation.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to
amend tho fifth section of the act entitled "An
act to incorporate the Freedmen's Savings and
Trust Company," approved March 8,1865, by
which investments of the company are lim-
ited to stocks, bonds. Treasury notes, or other
securities of the United States, by adding at
the end thereof tho words following :
And to the extent of one third thereof in stocks of
any s:ate or incorporated city of the United States,
and to the extent of another third in bond andmort-
£age on real estatedoublcthcvalue of thclo&n: and
the corporation is also authorized hereby to hold and
improve the real estate now uwned by it in tho city
of "Washington, to v/it, the west half of lot jSTo. 3, all
of lots Nos. -t, 5, t>. and 7, and south half of lot No.
8. square 2'JL as laid out ill tho original plat or plan
of said city.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know that I
would object to this particular bill; but if we
are to get on with the business of the Senate,
and give every bill on the Calendar a fair chance
of being considered under our new rules, it
will be necessary that somebody shall have
courage enough to insist on taking up the Cal-
endar in its order. Now, one committee of
which I am a member, the Committee on Pen-
sions, has charge ot a good many bills con-
cerning only tho pi ivate interests of ppor peo-
ple. They go en the Calendar; there is no
objection to them; and if they can ever be
reached they will bo passed or disposed of
without any time being occupied; but if we
spend all our mornings in the passage by
special concession of reports of committees we
shall never reach the Calendar. Therefore,
while I do not ob ject to this bill, I wish to give
noiice, without being ungracious to anybody,
thai, I shall hereafter insist, for one, without
very special circumstances, in sticking to the
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the present consideration of the bill? The
Chair hears none, and the bill is before the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire tomoveanamend-
meut to the bill, to strike out that part of it
which allows the company to invest one third
of their property in bonds and mortgages on
real estate.
Mr. PATTERSON. That is the mainfeature
of the bill. The law as it now stands allows
this company simply to loan their deposits oti
United States securities. This bill allows them
to loan one third of their deposits on State and
city securities and one third on mortgages on
real estate, fhe same as other banks.
Mr. CAMERON. Not the same as other
banks'; for no wisely-conducted bank will allow
its money to be loaned upon real estate, where
it never can be collected immediately. I move
to strike out that part of the bill whieh author-
izes this company to loan any portion of their
funds upon real estate security; "There is
nothing so unsafe, so changeable in its char-
acter, and so easily to be inflated in a board
of directors as real estate. A man owning a
house in town 
Mr. CONKLING. May I make a sugges-
tion to the Senator?
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask thfe Senator whether
it would not meet his purpose if we were to so
amend the bill that it would read: "improved
real estate, the loan not to exceed one half of
the value of the real estate aside from improve-
ments." I will say to the Senator that with such
a provision as that in the statutes of New York,
applicable not only to savings-banks, but ap-
plicable also to banks of issue as the basis of
circulation, no difficulty has ever arisen.
Mr. CAMERON. The very instance which
the Senator from New York gives is one of
those which proves to me the instability of that
sort of security. Those old savings-banks were
always in trouble because they were authorized
to receive bonds and mortgages as security,
and those were always inflated by the imagin-
ations of tho directors of the banks. For in-
stance, tho directors of this company may each
one of them own real estate in this town. A
man having property in a town like this or in
any other is very apt, to believe that, it is worth
more than anybody else supposes it is, and he
is imagining constantly that he is getting rich
by the increase of the value of his property.
So when he goes to the meeting of the board,
and application is made by John Smith to bor-
row a certain sum upon John's house, ho says,
" Yes, that is good security; his house is bet-
ter than mine; and I am sure mine is worth
twice as much as he wishes to borrow." But
they forget how many other people may have
borrowed money upon that same security all
over the town.
I havo tried it, and I am as positive as I am
of anything in the world that the worst thing
to loan money upon by an institution of whieh
a number of persons have the direction is real
estate. If Iliad money to loan, and did not care
about using it soon, and wanted to invest it for
a long time, I might think it very well to loan
it upon bond and mortgage, because I should
judge for myself and estimate the value of the
property which was offered to me according to
my own judgment; but it is not so in a board
of ten or fifteen directors of a company. I
trust that part of the bill will be stricken out.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to strike out that
portion of the bill which allows one third to be
loaned on mortgage.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken
on that motion I should like to have my friend
consider that the language which he proposes
to strike out is, "to the extent of another one
third in bond and mortgage on real estate
double the value of the loan." The corpora-
tion would boat the last moment responsible;
that is, those who make the loan, and I assume
that they are sufficiently intelligent not to get
a bad security. We take this precaution by
requiring that the property shall be double the
value of the loan. Is not that enough, pro-
vided these men are competent for their posts?
If they arc incompetent then everything will go.
Mr. CAMERON. I am judging of human
natuie in the aggregate, and the gentlemen
who are the directors of this company will bo
the first probably to borrow upon bond and
mortgage secured by their own real estate.
If the Senator had had the experience wmeh
I think I have had he would know that almost,
all the banks that have been broken up m the
country, not merely in one particular portion,
but all over the United States? have bee si
broken up because the directors borrowed t ic
monev either for themselves or their mentis,
and gave real estate as security, and l hey
always saydosbic the value of tho loaii) but
