1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
77
York objects to the resolution, and it is not
before the House.
CHARLES PITC1IER.
Mr, COOK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 501) for the relief of
Charles Pitcher; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
RIGHTS 01' VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. PALMER,byunanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 502) to amend an act
entitled "An act declaring and fixing the rights
of volunteers as a part of the Army which
was read a first ana second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. HAY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 003) amendatory of
the naturalization laws of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CULLOM. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
'itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
NINTH CENSUS
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on t.he state of the
Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of House bill No. 421, to pro-
vide for taking the ninth census of the United
States, and to fix the number of the members
of the House of Representatives and to provide
for their future apportionment among the sev-
eral States.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
rose yesterday it had proceeded as far as the
sixteenth section, which was pending, and will
now be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 16. And he it further enacted, That tlio super-
intendent, his ohicf clorlc, district superiol endents.
and enumerators are heroby authorized to transmit
through the post office any paper or document relat-
ing to the census, by writing thereon olucuil busi-
ness—census," and subscribing the same, with the
addition to his namo of his official title; but tins
privilege shall extend to nothing but, documciits and
papers relating to tho census, which shall pass Irce.
Mr. FARN3WORTH. I move to striko
out all after the word " that," at the beginning
of the section, and insert in lieu thereof the
following:
Accurate accounts shall bo kept by tho suporin
tendent, tho district superintendents, and enumer-
ators of expenses incurred by them tor postago upon
all official letters and other documents and commu-
nications sent by them through tho mails in the
discharge of their duties, which amounts shall bo
allowed them by the Secretary ot the Interior when
properly certified.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 make the point
of order on that amendment that a motion to
strike out the scction was voted down yester-
day, and a motion to strike out now is not in
order. .
The CHAIRMAN: The motion to-day is to
strike out and insert; tho motion yesterday was
to strike out.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Was there not
also a motion made yesterday to strike out and
insert? I understand thatthissame proposition
was voted down when moved by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Cobb.]
The CHAIRMAN. A motion to strike out
and insert one matter voted down does not
preclude a motion to strike out and insert
different matter. .
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is the same
proposition in substance. I do not know but
that it. may differ in form.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the
section proposed to be strickcn out by adding
thereto what I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Anil any person who shall send, or causo or a ttempt
to be sent free through the mails, by virtue of the pro-
visions of this section, any paper or document which
does not wholly relate to the census, shall, upon con-
viction in any court of competent jurisdiction, be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and punished by
fine not exceeding 8500, or imprisonment not exceed-
ing six months, or both, in the discretion of the court.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My colleague [Mr. As-
ter] tells me that there has already been an
amendment adopted to this section something
like the one I propose to offer. I was not aware
of that fact, i would ask how it is?
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
amendment already adopted.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows :
And any superintendent, olerk, district superin-
tendent, or enumerator who shall use or exercise
this privilege for any purposo other than the legiti-
mate discharge ol the duties of his office shall bo
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon convic-
tion shall forfeit a sum not exceeding 8100.
Mr. MARSHALL. If it be now in order I
desire to move to amend the amendment just
now read by inserting afterthe word "forfeit"
the words " for each offense."
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment will
not be in order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will withdraw my
amendment to the section.
Tho question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Farnswouth.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It was claimed last
evening, during the brief discussion which then
took place upon this proposition to extend the
franking privilege to this large class of office-
holders, that the striking out of this section
would make no difference, because all this cor-
respondence would he sent to the Secretary
of the Interior, and in that way would be car-
ried free through the mails. But that does
not cover the ground. The principal corre-
spondence under this bill would be between the
enumerators and district superintendents. No
correspondence would take place between the
enumerators and the Secretary of the Interior,
or even between the enumerators and tho
Superintendent of the Census. This section
proposes substantially and in reality to create
a largo army, I cannot tell how large, of persons
who will be entitled to the franking privilege.
There will be as many district superintendents
as there are members and Delegates in the
House of Representatives, all of whom will be
entitled to the franking privilege. And then
there will bo a much larger army of enumera-
tors acting underthcscdistrictsuperintendents,
all of whom will be entitled to the franking
privilege under this bill. Now, that would
involve th6 same opportunity for those frauds
which it is charged by the Postmaster General
are so common all over the country, by forging
the name of tho person entitled to the franking
privilege by those who are not entitled to it.
Very few postmasters will know the hand-
writing of tho enumerators, or of the district
superintendents of the census.
For instance, John Smith is a district super-
intendent ; another man sends a document
through tho post office and writes upon it "offi-
cial—census, John Smith, superintendent.''
The postmaster does not know that handwrit-
ing; lie does not dare to arrest that letter or
open it, because possibly the frank is genuine.
That is the way in which frauds are now perpe-
trated upon members of Congress and others
who are entitled to the franking privilege. I
presume almost every member has had returned
to him through the dead-letter office commu-
nications purporting to have been franked by
himself, but actually forgeries. We cannot tell
who wrote those franks; we cannot tell who is
guilty of this fraud. The pretended frank is
not stamped, but actually written. I have had
documents returned to rne in that way; and
many other members assure me they have had
returned to tliem in the same way documents
with forged franks upon them. Mr. Chairman,
the Postmaster General has informed Congress
that in his opinion $5,000,000 can be saved by
abolishing the franking privilege. If §5,000,000
can be saved in this way, then thefranking priv-
ilege ought to be abolished. Itcertainly ought
not to be enlarged as proposed in this bill.
Mr. WOOD. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois a question. When the
Postmaster General was a member of this
House did he not use the franking privilege as
liberally as anybody; and did he ever intro-
duce any proposition to restrict or abolish that
privilege?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not know how
the fact may be in regard to that matter. It is
very likely he did use the franking privilege to
the same extent as other members. I too
have used the franking privilege as largely as
a great many other members, and without
introducing any proposition to abolish it. I
did report last winter from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads a bill to correct
abuses in regard to this matter, and among
other things to cut off the privilege now enjoyed
by the people of sending letters and documents
free of postage to officers of the Government
who are entitled to the franking privilege. That
part of the bill was struck out; but a section
was adopted abolishing the use of the fac simile
stamps as franks.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire of
the gentleman whether under the existing law,
without any provision in this bill, all the per-
sons connected with taking the census could
not send their letters and documents free to
the Department at Washington?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not under this bill
if this section were stricken out.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But under existing laws
could not persons corresponding with the De-
partment send their letters free?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No correspondence
between the enumerators and the district super-
intendents, ortheSuperintendentofthe Census.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I speak of correspond-
ence between them and the department here.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Under the old cen-
sus law this franking privilege was secured.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Under the general law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman
knows as well as I do that any communica-
tion sent to tho Secretary of the Interior of
course goes free. This bill does not contem-
plate that correspondence will take place
between the Secretary of the Interior and the
persons engaged in taking this census.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No large expense would
be likely to be incurred by correspondence
between these enumerators and the Superin-
tendent of the Census.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not pretend to
say what the expense would be. I do not put
my opposition upon the ground that it would
largely increase the expense, but on the prin-
ciple of the franking privilege.
I was going on to say that the Postmaster
General has stated to the House and the coun-
try that he can save $5,000,000 by the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege, and that recom-
mendation has been approved by the President.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Chairman, if I under-
stand the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois, it proposes to pay the postage bills of
these enumerators and district superintendents.
I am of opinion that the gentleman has not
properly considered what a door he opens for
fraud in adopting that course in lieu of the pro-
visions of this bill. We have under existing
laws a good many officers who are allowed their
postage by the Government and paid in money.
I have had during the last week occasion to
look a little into the working of that thing in
the Pension Bureau of the Government, where
there is, as everybody knows, a great deal of
correspondence. The law pays the postage
bills of all pension agents in the country. On
coming to look at these bills I found while
some of them do not exceed nine dollars a
month there were others where the correspond-
ence would seem to be no heavier the bills run
up to forty or fifty dollars a month. Their
correctness alone depends on the statement of
the pension agent and his clerk. That princi-
ple prevailed during the war so far as the Provost
