1870;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
3277
fhat measure is iftdulged in, We oann&t tell but
that it may be as long as on the Georgia mat-
ter. The other bill is to enforce the fourteenth
amendment, to extend to all persons the equal
protection of the laws ; and there is no more
important bill pending in this Senate than that.
On the Pacific coast there is a large class of
persons who are denied the protection of the
laws.
Mr. SAULSBURY. May I ask the Senator
what class he alludes to ?
Mr. STEWART. I allude to the Chinese.
They have been denied the protection of the
laws forthe last twenty years, and are now, and
that country has been disgraced by that denial.
I have said it there during the whole of that
period. They are excluded from testifying in
the courts, they are excluded from every right
of protection by law, and we do need the inter-
position of the power of this Government, not
only to vindicate the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution, but our treaty stipulations in
regard to those people. That bill will lead to
protracted discussion. I do not want to place
the business of the Senate in the power of those
who aredisposed to drag out discussion on these
questions, to. the loss of other important bills,
'lbey will occupy a great deal of time.
If this resolution could be postponed, as sug-
gested by the Senator from Ohio, until the 1st
ot' June, and let as see how we can progress
with these matters, it would be better. Then
there are all the appropriation bills behind and
various other matters, and a long Calendar of
contested bills, some of which have been con-
sidered. It does seem to me that fixing a day
to adjourn at this time, and placing these bills
in the power of those who have threatened to
discuss them to death, by limiting ourselves,
is premature and wrong, and I do hope it will
not be done. I do -not want to offer factious
opposition to the will of the Senate. If the
majority really think the business can be ac-
complished by the time fixed, be it so; but
Senators having charge of a great deal of the
business, the various chairmen of committees,
have voted against this proposition. The chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations and
the chairman of the Committee on Finance
think it is premature. The chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary having charge of
a great deal of business votes against it. It
seems to me that it might be postponed until
the 1st of June, and then we may see what the
chance is to get through. If we limit ourselves
at this time I am confident it will be premature.
Mr. YATES. Not only do I not want to pro-
long this debate, but I am sorry that it should
have been carried to the extent it has gone. I
rise now because I do not wish to remain silent
and hear every member give his reasons for his
vote for or against this proposition. I have
been waiting anxiously, for the vote, and yet
have been compelled to sit and wait and wait.
Now I propose to say & few words myself.
Mr. President, no joint resolutions which
are introduced in the two bodies are so much
calculated to retard legislation and the proper
business of the Senate as these resolutions for
adjournment. But, sir, I disagree entirely with
the Senator from Nevada and with the Senator
from Massachusetts when they say that it has
not been the practice to introduce these resolu-
tions at an early day of the session. On the
other hand, in all thy legislative experience
these resolutions are introduced at the begin-
ning of the session, and especially has it been
!0 heretofore when the members received pay
while they were sitting. The history of these
Potions is simply this: a resolution is
ottered early in the session to adjourn on a cer-
tain day. That has to be debated, consuming
*° or three hours. Then various propositions
we made—tp lay on the table, to postpone to
day certain—all having to be discussed.
, .ve,ry m®mber who has a proposition upon
is table is anxious for it to be decided, and he
influenced by his personal convenience and
P ivate interests. Some men get through with
theirbusiness, their papers, the little bills they
have on hand, and they say " I am through
and I would like to go home." This is the
history of all motions thatareniade to adjourn.
But, Mr. President, who knows—I do not—
but that we may adjourn long before the 4th
of July ? I am voting against this proposition
as much on that account as any other. We
have twp full months, May and June ; and I
vote against this proposition that We shall be
compelled to stay here until the 4th of July.
It may not be necessary. Legislation may
progress more rapidly than is Supposed or than
it has heretofore. Suppose W6 want to adjourn
before the 4th day of July, thert comes np this
debate again, to retard the progress of legis-
lation ; then we must necessarily adopt a joint1
resolution rescinding the resolution already
passed. Then comes up another protracted
debate.
That is one reason why I object to this prop-
osition. The other reason is because no Senator
can tell whether these two -Houses will be in a
position to adjourn on the 4th day.of July. I
will not repeat the measures which have been
already mentioned, but I know enough of the ;
business of the session to know that we can-
not now see that we can adjourn on the 4th
day of July. I would rather squelch these prop-
ositions until the proper time comes when
Senators can form a just opinion as to whether
the time for adjournment has come or iiot.
For these reasons I have voted against this
resolution in all its shapes; voted to lay it on
the table, voted to postpone it, and I shall so
continue to vote. I think there are interests,
high and solemn andiraportant to the country,
important to the Republican party, which re-
quire our attention. Policies have yet to be
formed and will be formed which are to divide
parties. The Republican party-lias do longer
that uniting element of the war. We have no
longer the uniting element of opposition to
human slavery and aspirations for freedom.
The issues upon which the next campaign is to
be fought are yet not decided. Policies are
not yet established, and Congress will have
enough to do, in my opinion, between now and
the 1st of August, if it does its full duty to the
measures which are now before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of the.concurrent resolution of
the House.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that that resolu-
tion be amended by inserting instead of " Mon-
day, the 4th of July/' "Monday, the 25th of
July." I make that as a last effort in the
nature of a compromise.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Massa- ;
chusetts. i
■ Mr, SUMNER called forthe yeas and nays; :
and they were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust the Senator will j
withdraw that motion. He must see that it !
will do no good. \
Mr. SUMNER. I am serious in this. I j
feel that this proposition is detrimental to the
public service, and it is oa that account that I
make this motion. I farther believe that if the
Senate takes time to consider it will not differ
materially from myself, I know that other :
Senators are as anxious for the public service
as I am; but I believe that they do not now
take into consideration the extent to which
they will imperii the bills that are now pending
and other important bills that have not yet
been introduced into this Chamber.
Look at your Calendar, sir, Notwithstand- ;
ing our very considerable effort the other day ,
there are still some twenty pages of bills for |
consideration, some of them of very great im-
portance. Now, if you fix so early a day as is
proposed, it is in advance to declare that you
will not consider those bills. You kill them
by indirection.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion? |
Mr. SUMNER. Yes. |i
Mr. CHANDLER. I would snggest that we
postpone the further consideration of this ques-
tion until Friday, the 20th of this month, and
let us see what progress we may make.
SUMNER. ■ 1 accept that proposition.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
; rnerce will require at least two weeks of the
time of this body, and I do not see how we can
get through oar measures in less. I hope by
general consent* 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did
not hear the motion to postpone. Until what
time ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Until Friday, the 20th
of May, two weeks from to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan moves to postpone the further con-
sideration of this resolution until Friday, the
20th of May.
Mr. POMEROY. I have not taken and
did not intend to take any part in this discus-
sion. I only want to say oowtbat when any
committee of this body that has public meas-
ures in charge, the Committee on Appropri-
ations or the Committee on Finance, shall
have considered this question and reported it
back saying that we can adjourn on the 4th
of July or the 1st of July, I will vote to adjourn
then. I think some committee who have the
leading measures in charge, like the Commit-
tee oa Appropriations or the Committee on
Finance, should report on this resolution. I
do not care anything about the measures which
I have in charge particularly, bot a measure
of this kind as to when it is proper to adjourn
should be considered by some committee and
reported on. We hare always done that.
. Mr. EDMUNDS. Every Senator on this
floor understands the general current of busi-
ness just as well as any committee does. There
is no use of disguising the truth in that way ;
but it has not happened once in five times
I since I have had the honor to be here that any
such resolntion has been referred.
Now,' one word to my friend from Massa*
chusetts, [Mr. Sdmhbr.] I can myself remem-
ber word for word his making that very speech
almost every session, I may say certainly every
long session, on questions of adjournment.
He has givett us notice in advance that we
were leapihg before we came to the stile, that
we were moving in the dark, and that great
measures remained to be considered; all of
whichJie felt, no doubt. But the Senate nev-
ertheless-votod to adjourn, and then my friend
found that his great measures were considered
and everything went on with perfect smooth-
ness. It will be so now, sir.
Mr. NYE. I deem, it my duty to say to the
honorable Senator from Vermont that there
are. two very important bills reported from the
Committeeon Territories that will require some
time to consider. One is with' regard to the
Mormon question, and the other is the question
of organizing a territorial government for the
Indian territory; and then there is the ques-
tion of organizing Alaska as a Territory. While
my honorable friend from Vermont has so
good a memory as to remember the speech of
my friend from Massachusetts, five times at
least I recollect hearing him repeat the same
speech he has made to-day, [laughter;] the
Same thing precisely.
Now, I undertake to say that the Senator
from Vermont does not know as well what is
before other committees as what is before his
own, how long it will take to consider them,
or what length of time it has taken the com-
mittees to consider them, and with whatdonbt
they have come to the conclusions they have.
They are about to appeal to the Senate from
their own opinion, to take the sense of the
Senate in regard to the propriety of their ac-
tion. The measnres which I have suggested
are measures that command and will receive
the attention of this country through its legis-
lative body, and if they do command that at-
tention which I think the position of some of
them requires it will require mora than on*
