THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 4,
advocates? of liuman rights and human liberty
and equality, and told that they may come
here and dwell among us, but not as citizens of
the eouutry. They are not to be permitted
to clothe themselves with the right of Amer-
ican citizenship, because, forsooth, they were
born in China. No matter how intelligent, no
matter how learned, no matter how upright,
no matter how valuable to society they maybe,
they may come here and live, but they shall
never become or have the rights of citizens.
That is the principle that is advocated here by
the professed friends of human rights 1 Sir, I
can do no such wrong.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President 
Mr. FENTON. Will my colleague allow
me one moment? I desire to say that T made
this motion to reconsider in contradiction to
my own position and convictions upon the
fundamental question involved in this amend-
ment, with a view of relieving the bill,, as pre-
sented by my colleague, fff all embarrassments,
as it was believed by the opponents of this
amendment that a vote could be immediately
taken, and the vote upon the amendment re-
versed. If the debate is to continue upon the
motion to reconsider for any great length of
time the object that I had in view is not ac-
complished, and unless the debate shall cease
within a short time I shall withdraw the motion.
Mr. SUMNER. Withdraw it, and let us
vote.
Mr. CONKLING. I renew the motion to
reconsider, and I accept all the responsibility
of that position ; and 1 will vote to reconsider
in the hope that this amendment may be cast
out of this bill. Therefore, there is no embar-
rassment in the way.
Mr. TEIURMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. I have the floor, and 1
decline to yield to the honorable Senator from
Ohio. Now, sir, as we cannot get a vote at
this time obviously, I move, not that a recess
shall take place some hours hence, but that
the Senate now take a recess until half past
seven o'clock, at which time I hope we shall
be able to get a vote.
Mr. THURMAN. Will a motion to adjourn
have precedence over that motion ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us vote un that
motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope that we shall sil
it straight out.
Mr. CONKLING. If I may be pardoned
for saying a word, if we may sit on and get a
vote, I shall be very glad to acquiesce ; but if
the Senator is going to interpose motions to
adjourn, as he has done already twice, it is
idle for us to sit straight on.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not want a night
session; therefore, I propose to sit right
straight on.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well.
Mr. POMEROY. There are several Sen-
ators who have been invited out to dinner, and
we cannot sit straight on. 1 hope we shall
Mr. CONKLING. If I can only consult
the convenience of Senators in regard to this
matter I should like to do it without consult-
ing my own.
Mr. SUMNElt. Have a recess.
Ml* CONKLING. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts says, let us have a recess. I fear
the Greeks. He has no good will for this bill;
and if New York ever holds an honest elec-
tion it is to be in spite of the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and not because he
gives one ounce of aid to the Republican party
ill tliat State.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
have a recess.
Mr. CONKLING. If other Senators sug-
gest that we had better have a recess, 1 think
(.hat it may be a friendly suggestion. The Sen-
ator from Kansas suggests it. I beg, then, to
submit a motion that we lake a recess now until
seven and a half o'clock.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I rise to make an
inquiry of the Chair. Is it in order to make
that motion while this bill is pending before
the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot
be made except by unanimous consent, unless
a motion be made to postpone the pending bill.
Mr. CONKLING. This is one of the days
on which a motion for recess can be made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is corrected; this is one of thedays on which it
is provided by resolution that there shall be an
evening session ; and it has been ruled by the
Chair that on any day on which an evening
session is ordered it is in order at any time to
move a recess.
Mr. SUMNER. I took the liberty of saying
from my seat, " have a recess." I said so sin-
cerely. I am always in my place. 1 intended
to be here to-night. I know not why the Sen-
ator from New York should strike back at me
because I made that simple suggestion. He
says that I gave no aid to his bill. I have
voted for his bill from beginning to end on
every proposition ; and as 1 now undertarid it,
I shall to the end as faithfully as the Senator
himself. Rut allow me to say that there is
something higher than this bill; it is a great
American principle which that Senator now,
on the Fourth of July, declares his readiness
to sacrifice. It shall not be sacrificed if I can
save it.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 shall never be able
with the ostentation of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts to vaunt my great achieve-
ments in the cause of human progress, human
equality, and human rights; yet, when the vol-
ume is closed, though it should close with the
now setting sun, I will put against the record
of that Senator the humbler consistency of my
own record from first to last. Nor do I fear
that those who vote with me, having some
regard to common seuse, and not alone to
declamation, sensation, and high sounding
professions, will lind "their ineffectual iires"
paled before the blazing light of the distin-
guished Senator from Massachusetts.
I will vote to eliminate this amendment from
the bill, and going to my constituents I will
say, "As the last samls were running out, when
the time had come when, if ever, the protect-
ing shield could be thrown around the ballot-
box, I bad too much sincerity and too little
regard for personal effect in the galleries and
in the country to trample under foot a prac-
tical opportunity to do a good thing for the
sake of a flourish of rhetoric or a Vain and
empty profession of love of human rights;"
and pointing lb the record of my votes, insig-
nificant as that record may be, which has at
least no vacant place where an entry might
have been made in behalf of human progress
and human rights, I will trust the intelligence
and honesty of my constituents, by which tiiey
discern light from darkness, to discern also
the difference between improving practically
an occasion to do good and trilling it away by
vaulting and hollow attempts which everybody
knows can result in no good, and which mean
nothing but pretension and popular eifcct.
Therefore, the honorable Senator intending,
as I presume he did, according to a favorite
phrase of his, to give "a black eye" to my
position, and to aflis to me with the force of
his name the stigma of being unfaithful to
human rights, I say to the honorable Senator
that his shafts fall unheeded if not harmless at
my feet. I listen with as much indifference to
his fling as 1 have felt at other times when the
same Senator has in other phrases depreciated
and disparaged his peers in this Chamber,
and his equals in the sincerity with which they
hold the principles they profess.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, you have
heard the Senator from New York, and there
he sits. The Senate has heard him. Was there
anything in my remarks to-day to justify his
assault? Is he not a volunteer, as he always
is a volunteer, in assaulting me? Sir, I shall
not repel his assault. My course in this Cham-
ber needs no defense against him. There must
be a stronger arm than his to call me to any
effort.
The simple question is a practical one. How
shall we most serve our eouutry ? The Senator
from New York says in one way. Humbly,
sir, I say in another way. I am in favor of
the bill which he is now pressing upon the
Senate. It shall have my vote, as thus far it
has had my vote; but I also am in favor of
another proposition that I wish to ingraft upon
that bill. Do I err? How? Why? Do I ask
too much? What I ask I know has excited
debate to-day; but has not every similar prop-
osition, when brought forward and pressed
to a vote, excited debate ? Let the debate go
forward, and I shall accept the result. Mean-
while 1 shall not cease to strive for these two
great objccts : one the original purpose of the
bill, to impose safeguards upon naturalization;
the other Ihare now moved, to bring our natu-
ralization law in harmony with the Declaration
of Independence and the Constitution of the
United States.
Is not that a worthy object? Do I deserve
censure, rebuke, assault, because I make this
endeavor? I do it simply and sincerely, re-
garding it as my solemn duty. I should fail
as a Senator if I did anything less. Nor have
I in any respect impeached any Senator who
differs from me. I have made no allusion
to the course of the Senator from Now York
except to say that his proposition now was
to abandon the great principle of American
insttutions.
Mr. CONKLING. "To sacrifice."
Mr. SUMNER. "Sacrifice that is the
word I used, and it is the truo word—to sacri-
fice a great principle. There it is, emblazoned
in the Declaration of Independence, and you
are called now to drag it down. There it is,
a mighty light to our political system, and you
are called to blot it out; and this is on the
4thday of July! Sir, I will say nothing more
now.
Mr. DRAKE obtained the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, is not this the
4th of July? [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri has the floor.
Mr. TIPTON. Let me ask, is a motion to
take a recess a debatable question?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is, within
certain limits.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to inquire if those
limits have not been reached ? [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the
opinion of the Chair the limits have been some-
what exceeded.
Mr. DRAKE. I should not have said a
word but for the attempt which the Senator
from Massachusetts lias seen lit to make, to
brand every Senator here who declines to vote
his amendment upon this bill as sacrificing a
great principle of the Declaration of Independ-
ence. I should hope, for the sake of the Sen-
ator himself, that he would be willing to qualify
that broad assertion in some way or other. I
presume to say that the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts is not the only Senator here who
has read the Declaration of Independence and
who upholds its principles. I do not choose,
for one, to accept the marl; of Cain which he
assumes to plant upon the forehead of his
brother Senators.
I have to say, as I said before, that I vote
against putting this amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts upon this bill simply be-
cause in the bill itself there is that which does
appeal to every Senator here for the salvation
of our institutions in this country, and that the
putting of the Senator's amendment upon this
bill endangers the very measure that is to oper-
ate vi ally for the salvation of our institutions.
That is my reason. When the Senator will
