im
TOE (XWGRBSSIOKAL GLOBE.
February 18,
880) to authorize the refunding sad consolida-
tion of the national debt, to extend banking
facilities, and to establish specie payments, is
before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I move that it be
postponed until Tuesday.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to amend, that it
be postponed until Wednesday at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is to strike out the word " Tuesday'' and insert
" Wednesday*"
Mr. SHERMAN. My motion includes mak-
ing it the special order, of course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Having once
been made a special order, that quality still
attaches to it.
Mr. POMEROY. But the quality of a spe-
cial order does not attach to it after it has been
postponed.
Mr. SHERMAN. . I was not here at the
time that motion to postpone was made, but
the bill was made the special order by the vote
of the Senate, and I hope it will be continued
the special order. I believe that is the provis-
ion of the rule.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection; but
I want the rule observed. I do not think that
rule applies to this bill, because it has been
postponed by a vote of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that, according to the usage of the
Senate, after m special order has once been
made, when it is again taken up its quality of
a special order still attaches to it.
Mr. POMEROY. That is so, unlessit loses
its place by a vote; but if it has lost its place
by having been passed over it is different.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
advised on that point, also, that it retains its
quality of special order when again taken up
•by the vote of the Senate. The Senator from
Michigan moves to amend the motion of the
"Senator from Ohio by striking out " Tuesday"
and inserting " Wednesday."
The amendment was agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 21, noes 14.
The motion, as Amended, to make Senate
bill No. 880 the special order for Wednesday
next was agreed to.
BILLS or COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE.
. Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that Mon-
day, at one o'clock, be set apart for the con-
sideration of business from the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
8TATB DEPARTMBNT EMPLOYES.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to take op for con-
sideration Senate joint resolution No. 120,
which is for the immediate convenience'-of the
State Department. I have a letter from the
Secretary of State which, when read, will ex-
plain itsnecefesity.
The motion was agreed to; aind the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 120) to provide for the
appointment of a solicitor of the Department
of State and for additional clerks in the De-
partment was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides for the appointment by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice ana consent of
the Senate, of a snit&ble person learned in the
law to be solicitor of the Department of State,
who shall receive the animal salary of $8,500.
• It further proposes to authorize the Secretary
of State to employ three additional clerks for
indexing the books, papers, and docoments of
the Department; two of them to be clerks of
the fourth el&ss, and the other of the third
class. For the payment of such solicitor and
clerks, and for the compensation of extra and
temporary clerks whose employment may be
necessary, the sum of $18,700 is appropriated.
Mr. TRUMBULL; That is a question that
we have had before the Senate and discussed at
considerable length at a former session. The
resolution provides for the creation of a law
officer in the Department of State; and there
hag been a growing practice for several years
of establishing in each executive Department
a kind of law department. Now we have in the
organizations of the Departments a law depart-
ment under the control of the Attorney Gen-
eral, and that ought to be the only law depart-
ment of the Government, because there should
be some uniformity iii decisions. We have now
a solicitor in the Treasury. We had at one
time a solicitor in the Navy Department, but I
think he has been dispensed with, though 1 am
not quite sure about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We legislated him out
of office.
Mr. FERRY. But he has been legislated
in again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems that we have
still, then, a solicitor in the Navy Department.
I thought we had dispensed with that officer. \
That officer, I understand, is to be dispensed |
1 with when the present appropriation expires, i
Mr. DRAKE. There is a proposition already ;
1 in a bill passed by the Senate to make the office
perpetual.
| Mr. TRUMBULL. That brings up the whole
question. Then the question is before the Sen-
ate whether we are to have in each Depart- :
ment of the Government a law department.
If so, the consequence is that you have a
| variety of decisions. We have scattered through
] the United States a district attorney in each
, judicial district. Who is this district attorney
* to look to for instructions? Is he to look to ,
; the Attorney General, or is he to look to the
| solicitor of the Treasury, or to the solicitor of
the State Department, or to the solicitor of
the Navy Department ? Under whose control
is he to be ? ;
There is litigation occurring all over the
country, and cases have been brought to my
attention where district attorneys, in the prose- ;
cution of suits arising under the revenue laws,
have been embarrassed by instructions which :
have been received from the solicitor of the
Treasury. We have a general law placing dis-
trict attorneys under the control of the Attor- ;
ney General of the United States. !
I submit to the Senator from Massachusetts
who introduces this joint resolution now, which
is on a subject that we have had up before,
whether it is not better that there should be
one law department, as there is one State
Department that has control of our foreign
relations. I am not objecting to giving addi-
tional force if it is necessary. If that addi-
tional force is necessary create an assistant to
the Attorney General, or a law officer by some
other name, but place him in the Attorney
General's office and assign to him the exam-
ination of questions that come from the State
Department. Let all such officers be under
one head. This suggestion of mine is not only
applicable to the State Department, but it is
applicable also to the Navy Department.
When we discussed this matter a year ago
the Senate came to the conclusion that it was
better to dispense with the solicitor in the Navy
Department, and I submit whether it will not
be better to follow the decision that was then
arrived at; and if there is litigation in the Navy
Department, or if there are questions arising
in the Navy Department that require the exam-
ination of a solicitor, a lawyer, ought not that
solicitor to be under the control of the Attor-
ney General, and assigned, if you please, to the
cases and questions coming from the Navy
Department? And so of the State Depart-
ment. Is there a necessity to have a special
law officer in each of these Departments for j
that purpose?
It seems to me that we should have some
system and some head to these solicitors'
offices. A year or so ago we abolished the ,
solicitors in the Court of Claims for the very
purpose of placing the business of the Govern- ;
ment in the Court of Claims under one head; i
and we authorized the appointment of Assist-
ant Attorneys General, one of whom is as-
signed, as I understand, to attend to the liti-
gation arising in the Court of Claims. That
has worked very well; I think it has worked
much better than the old system, by which we
had solicitors specially appointed to attend to
the litigation in the Court of Claims; and then,
when the cases went to the Supreme Court of
the United States, where the Attorney General
was to attend to them, he had no knowledge
of them. .But when an officer in his Depart-
ment has had charge of them he can readily
inform himself in regard to them and be pre-
pared to argue them.
I do not wish to occupy time in regard to
this subject. I do not wish to be understood
as opposing an additional increase of force iu
the State Department when it is necessary. 1
have no objection now to the appointment of
these additional clerks. I assume that the
j Committeeon Foreign Relations have inquired
: into that, and have become satisfied that they
' are necessary. Therefore, I have nothing to
say against that portion of the bill; nor have
I anything to say against having a law officer
for the State Department, but 1 do think such
, law officers ought all be under one head.
Mr. SUMNER. The joint resolution before
the Senate contemplates the appointment of a
solicitor for the State Department, with a salary
of $3,500, and then of three additional clerks.
It has appeared before the Committee on For-
eign Relations that both these services are
needed at the Department, a solicitor of claims
and additional clerical force. Now let me say
that I enter most sincerely into the idea of the
Senator from Illinois with regard to the office
of the Attorney General. I would, more than
we have doue, accumulate into that office busi-
ness which naturally belongs to it and which
may be considered as under the head of the
law. We all know that in several other coun-
tries there is a favorite department, known as
that of justice, and I know not why we should
not have under that or some other name the
same department in our Government. But
that department does not now exist; it is not
matured; it is not in a condition to assume all
these multifarious duties; and the practical
question is, how shall we provide for the im-
mediate wants of the State Department ? Now,
I am instructed by the Secretary of State him-
self, and I have conversed also with other per-
sons at the State Department on the subject,
that there is at this moment immediate neces-
sity for all that is asked for on this occasion.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
asks me what the solicitor is to do. He is to
be under the roof with the Secretary, within
call to read the numerous, I was going to say
the innumerable applications relating to claims
on foreign Governmentsand kindred questions,
which it is impossible for the Secretary himself
to peruse. He wants somebody within reach,
under the same roof with himself, with whom
he can_ hold, if I may so call it, at times in-
formal intercourse, not through the medium of
correspondence; to whom he can at once trans-
mit certain papers, and from whom he can have
a report with regard to their character; from
whom he can have a syllabus or an abstract,
so that he may apply his own mind to them with-
out being obliged to go through the whole file.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That may be done by
clerk.
Mr. SUMNER. Not completely. To that
end it is found that a person of competent
professional ability is required. Now, let.me
say a word with regard to the solicitor. The
Senator from Illinois reminds us that this is
an old question. It is. The Senate some-
years ago authorized a solicitor of the State
Department, and one was appointed. He
worked well there ; but during the latter year
of the late Administration I need not remind
the Senate there was a great indisposition here
to continue any expenditures for the State
Department beyond those sanctioned by the
most rigid economy. There was a disposition
to cut it down to the lowest point, and under
those circumstances the appropriation for the
solicitor of the State Department was struck
