2334
THE COJSTGEESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
April 1,
that value is always imaginary. It is a value
which those interested fix upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. Cannot the Senator sug-
gest some terms of modification?
Mr. CAMERON. The only modification I
would make would be to strike the whole of
it out.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me suggest a mod-
ification, with the permission of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend before
the question is taken on striking out, for the
purpose of perfecting the text, by inserting
before "real estate" the word "improved;'1
and after the words "double its value" the
words " exclusive of the improvements there-
on; "so that it will read, " upon improved real
estate of double the value ofthe loan "—if that
be the language; I have not the bill before
me—" exclusive of the value of the improve-
ments thereon;" so that the land itself, re-
gardless of buildings that may burn and im-
provements that may perish, shall be of double
the value of the money advanced. And I beg
to suggest that if there be nothing in this act
which guards the institution against being evis-
cerated by the directors there should bo some-
thing to that effect. There should either bo an
inhibition upon tlie directors against borrow-
ing altogether, or else the loans made to them
should be confined to very narrow limits. With-
out some such provision I agree entirely with
the Senator from Pennsylvania on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from New York has priority to the
motion to strike out, it being to perfect the por-
tion proposed to bo stricken out, ami it will
be reported by the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the bill so as to read:
And to tho extent of one third thereof in stocks of
any Htato or incorporated city of tho United iSlates,
and to the oxtent of another third in bond and Mort-
gage on improved real estate double tho value of the
loan, exclusive of tho value of tho improvements
tliereon. &o.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Senator from
Massachusetts inquired whether some sugges-
tion could not be made which would meet tho
objections of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
1 will suggest what I have known to be effective
in such cases, and that is, a provision that no
director or trustee shall be a debtor to the
institution.
Mr. CONKLING. That is right.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that will bo put in.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to hear
some good reason assigned for the passage of
this bill. Manifestly its object is to depreciate
the securities of this company, and if there is_
any advantage to be derived from such legis-*
lation I should like to know what that advan-
tage is. Now, the moneys are to be loaned
upon United States securities. There is no
room, as it appears to me, under the law as it
now stands, for speculation, no room for the
exercise of discretion; but when the money is
invested it is safe for all persons concerncd.
But when these directors are intrusted with
the discretion to invest the funds of the insti-
tution in all sorts of securities, mortgage bonds,
real estate, State bonds, and bonds of that de-
scription, it seems to me that the security that
the original law throws around the persons
whose funds are deposited in this institution
is to a great extent removed. I think, in view
ofthe experience of the country with institu-
tions of this description, every precaution
should be taken to prevent loss to the poor
people for whose benefit these institutions are
organized. So far as I am concerned I have
not yet seen or heard any good reason for the
passage of the bill in any shape. I think it
would be better for the institution and for all
concerned if these persons are left under the
law as it now stands and required to invest
their funds in United States securities, and
then there will be no loss to anybody.
Mr. POMEROY. This is a savings-bank,
and at the same time it is a bank that pays its
depositors five per cent, on their deposits.
The only reason why the corporation desire
to change their securities is that they cannot
afford to pay their depositors five per cent,
and at the same time be confined to Govern-
ment bonds at four and a half or five per
cent. That leaves nothing for the incidental
expenses of the bank. It is on that.aeeount
that they desire that a portion of their funds
shall be invested in something that shall pro-
duce a larger dividend than four and a half
percent., which is all they will receive upon
Government securities.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the point.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. Will tho Senator allow me
to read a clause of the original act, which I
think meets this case, ana which certainly
meets the point of the Senator from New
York?
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly I will.
Mr. SIJMNER. Section twelve of the ori-
ginal act is as follows ;
"That no president, vice president, trustee, offi-
cer, or sorvantof i ho corporation shall, diroctly or
indirectly, borrow tho funds of tho corporation or its
deposits, or in any manner use tho same or any part
thereof, oxeept to pay nooessary expenses undor tho
direction ofthe board oftrusteos."
Mr. CONKLING. That certainly meetsthe
whole point. I only said that if there was no
such provision there ought to be ; and I am
very glad there is.
Mr. CAMERON. The clause read by the
Senator from Massachusetts dons not meet the
point. You will find that in the charter of
every corporation that has broken up in the
country. It is always put in.
Mr. CONKLING. Vou mean that they loan
money to their friends.
Mr. CAMERON. Somehow or other they
loan it. 'Die Senator from Ohio will tell you
that that great corporation, the Ohio Life and
Trust Company, which was once a controlling
power, broke up because it lent its money to
people on real estate.
I can see very readily the object of this bill.
These parties suppose that the interest on the
Government bonds is to be reduced, and they
think they can make more money by putting
their funds in the bonds of States and cities.
That far I am willing they shall go, because I
have faith enough in all the States of this Union
to bo certain in my own mind that they will
pay their debts ultimately; but tho great ob-
jection to allowing them to dabble in real estate
is this: .this money is made up of contributions
by small depositors, and if there should come
a panic to-morrow, as wo have seen many a
time, the depositors will rush in a fit of frenzy
to claim their deposits; and if the money is
invested in real estate it takes a long process
to collect it; but if it be in the bonds of the
United Stales or of any State the institution
can sell them at sonic price, and thus save
themselves. But, depend upon it, the moment
you allow them to put their money, under any
pretense, in real estate that moment you weaken
the crcdit of tho institution and its stability.
Now, they will get real estate enough. They
have, I suppose, in their charter, or if not they
ought to have, the right to purchase real estate
t.o secure debts of their own. For instance, if
they lend money to a man here, and he fails,
and they bring suit and get a judgment and
execution, and they sell tho real estate of the
debtor, they should have the right to buy that,
becaasehaving the lien upon it they can thereby
secure themselves; and perhaps it would be
the only way in which they could do it; but
they ought not to be allowed to go beyond that.
Remember that this money belongs to thou-
sands of people all over the country, freedmen
and others.
Mr. SUMNER. It is an institution for tho
freedmen only.
Mr. CAMERON. Then the deposits are
made in small sums. They are the gatherings
of the poor, of people who arc ignorant and
unable to take care of themselves; and we are
here their guardians. Shall we suffer them to
be cheated if they have with implicit confi-
dence selected directors of their institution
who ure not careful enough in protecting their
interests ? I do not see any reason for making
any alteration in the law. as it stands in rela-
tion to this institution, and in that I agree with
the Senator from Oregon. But if it be sup-
posed that they should have the right to make
more money on their deposits, then I would
say let them invest a portion of them in State
securities or, if you like, in some city secur-
ities.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania will suspend his remarks.
The morning hour having expired, the ques-
tion of privilege is before the Senate, upon
which the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bay-
ard] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow this bill to be acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware yield for that purpose ?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware yields, and the Senator from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. I have nothing more to
say.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to persevere in lis motion to strike out,
even after tho amendment suggested by the
Senator from New York shall be adopted?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir; I feel that to
be my duty most earnestly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is ou the amendment of the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Conklixg,] to perfect
tho portion of the "bill proposed to be stricken
out.
Mr. FENTON. I do not care to make any
remarks upon this bill, further than to call the
attention of my colleague to the practice in
our own State, the State of New York. It has
not been the uniform policy of our legislation to
authorize savings-banks or banking institutions
thus established to loan their money upon mort-
gages upon real estate to any very great extent.
Where it has been authorized by special legis-
lation, it has seldom in my recollection gone
beyond the authority to allow them to hold ten
Ser cent, on real estate. The last act of the
"ew York Legislature, April 24,18G0, author-
izing the establishment of a savings-bank at
Auburn, New York, or an amendment of a
former charter, goes to the extent of teu per
cent. I shall vote against this bill as it now
stands. I only rose to suggest to my colleague,
or some other Senator having charge of the
bill, that the sum be reduced from one third to
not more than ten per cent, of the amount of
moneys deposited.
Mr. CONKLING. No doubt my colleague
is right in the act to which he refers. He will
remember, however, that by tho act of April
18, 1838, which was the general banking act
under which all the banks of tho State of New
York, with the supplemental acts, proceeded
as the basis of bank circulation, bonds and
mortgages amounting to fifty per cent., to one
half of the entire issue, were authorized. So
in regard to many of the savings-banks, and
among others the old savings-bank of Utiea,
with which I am somewhat more familiar than
with others, having had occasion professionally
to know about its affairs. In the case of that
bank, as of many others, withoutrestrictionthey
were permitted to loan upon improved real
estate in that ease to the extent of two thirds
the value of the real estate, discarding im-
provements as an element of value. I did not
mean to say that it was so in all cases, but only
that it was very generally so in the legislation
ofthe State.
Mr. CAMERON. Let me say a word to
boih tho Senators from New York. I remem-
ber 1 hat, bill very well. It was passed after
1807, when all the banks were broken up. At
