3?6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
Senate.
Receipts and Expenditures—Mr. Sherman.
41st Oojtg. ... 2d Sess.
the annual appropriation bills, and may be
increased or diminished in these bills. The
amount estimated by the Secretary of theTreas
ury in his annual report for the service of the
next fiscal year is $201,000,000, made up as
follows:
Civil servico and miscellaneous  $60,000,000
Pensions and Indians  36,000,000
War Department  50,000,000
Navy Department  18,000,000
Interest on tho public debt  127,000,000
Total $201,000,000
The difference between the two estimates is
readily explained, and consists mainly of his
reduction of estimates for public works; but
the actual appropriation will depend upon the
economy or liberality of Congress. I will be
gratified if the appropriations are kept within
the estimates of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Now, in these estimates there are elements
of uncertainty growing out of other causes than
the action of .Congress; and some of these de-
mand an immediate legislative remedy. Under
the law and the practice of the Departments
unexpended balances of appropriation for one
year are carried over to the credit of that fund
in the next year. Thus we may appropriate a
specific sum for the pay of transportation in
the Army, enough in the judgment of Congress
for that purpose, yet a much larger sum may
be expended by adding to the new appropria-
tion the balances of former appropriations. It
is at this moment difficult to estimate what
balance of unexpended appropriations will
remain on tho 1st of July next, and it was
much more difficult to estimate such balance
in October last. The actual balance of unex-
pended appropi'iations oil I he 1st of July last,
was $102,300,159 37, of which $11,548,477 30
were for tho War Department, and $20,532,-
453 94 for the Interior Department, or more
than one full year's appropriations for each of
thsse Departments. Indeed their "balances"
were nearly as large as tho whole appropria-
tions for the present fiscal year, thus giving
the Departments two years' supplies for one.
1 refer Senators for further information upon
this subject to Executive Document No. 165,
House of Representatives.
Here we have an element of uncertainty,
which explains why the appropriations arc not
the limit of expenditures. The only way to
correct this is by carrying all balances of
appropriations at tho end of the fiscal year to
the surplus fond, then tho expenditures can
never exceed the appropriations for thai year.
This reform has been adopted by the Senate in
an amendment reported by tho Committee on
Finance to this bill, by confining these balances
to expenditures included in tho fiscal year for
which they are appropriated. If unforeseen
wants should arise they can be provided for by
deficiency bills; but with the present practice
there is not sufficient check upon expenditure.
I know of heads of appropriations now kept
alive in this way ever since the war that would
not for a moment be authorized in an annual
appropriation bill now.
Another element of uncertainty grows oat of
the authority during tho war to transfer appro-
priations from one head of expenditure to
another. This ought not now to beallowed in
any case. The history of these transfers is a
curious one. The Constitution of the United
States provides that no money shall be drawn
from the Treasury but in consequence of appro-
priations made by law. This highly important
and fundamental provision has frequently been
evaded under the specious device of a transfer
of appropriations, authorized from time to time
by different acts of Congress. This was cured
by the deficiency bill of February 12, 1868,
which repeals all acts authorizing such trans-
fers, and provides that no money appropriated
for one purpose shall hereafter be used for any
other purpose than that for which it was appro-
priated. We had a case in point last summer,
when our adventurous admiral of the Navy,
without consulting Congress, embarked in a
vast sea of expenditure for building a Navy,
and his reliance was in the unexpended bal-
ances accumulating from appropriations under
various heads during and since the war. This
law, which must have been overlooked, guarded
these balances from a transfer and cheeked
an almost unlimited expenditure.
Sometimes we have bills authorizing trans
fers; but the word whenever used ought to be
regarded as a badge of fraud; it ought to ex-
cite distrust and suspicion. Annual appropri-
ations for specific purposes and for a specific
time arc the only guards for expenditure. If
then we have extravagance it can only be the
extravagance of Congress and not of executive
officers.
Another element of uncertainty in our esti-
mates is the demand for public works, amount-
ing this year to the sura of $24,625,173 against
$5,493,000 appropriated last year. It is upon
the action of Congress upon this branch of
expenditure that will depend whether we have
to provide for $280,000,000 or $305,000,000,
and what I say in regard to the reduction of
taxes will be affected by this uncertainty.
Certain great works of improvement demand
liberal appropriations, but they arc often com-
pelled to carry a multitude of appropriations
for objects of minor importance.
Another uncertainty arises from the manner
in which the estimates and appropriations are
made. Wo are asked to appropriate $100,000
for the erection ofa custom-bouse. Then a plan
is adopted which requires $1,000,000. The
money appropriated is sunk in the foundation,
and this is made the basis for future appropri-
ations. No public work should be authorized
until its completed cost is ascertained and fixed
by law or contract. And I am happy to see that
this plan has been adopted in the bills of this
session by the Senator from Vermont, TMr.
Morrill.]
The amount of claims that are provided for
by Congress is also an indefinite sum. If the
proposition of the honorable Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Pratt] which he supported the
other day with a very able, eloquent, and elabor-
ate speech, should pass, it will cost from thirty
to fifty million dollars to meet thatdemand for
next year; and we have got to provide for it.
As a matter of course, if that proposition should
be adopted, and we should concede tho princi-
ple that wo must pay all the damages incurred
and sustained by loyal people in the southern
States during the war, it would add to our ex-
penditure an enormous sum, an amount which
even the Senator from Indiana did not venture
to state. It would amount to perhaps fifty
million dollars; I do not know how much.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Double that.
Mr. SI1ERMAN. Double that, the Senator
from Vermont says. Beside that, there are
judgments of the Court of Claims. In this
estimate of the aggregate of expenditure,
$1,000,000 is estimated for the payment of the
judgments of the Court of Claims. But the
judgments of that court last yearwere over one
million two hundred and fifty thousand dollars,
and thisyearwill probably largely exceed that,
there being many cases now pending on appeal
in the Supreme Court, as well as in the Court
of Claims originally. Then tho action of Con-
gress on private claims that come to us is very
uncertain. We sometimes see, withoutattract-
ing much attention, a claim of $50,000, or
§100,000, or even $250,000, go through. That
swells the vast aggregate of our public expend-
itures without our scarcely perceiving it.
A still more dangerous element of uncer-
tainty grows out of our Indian service. The I
conduct of the United States to the Indian
tribes is infamous. It is in its results as cruel
and heartless as the worst chapters of English
domination in India under Hastings and Clive.
It has been so for years. But two years ago
we undertook to make a great reform. We
undertook in the most solemn manner to gather
our Indian tribes into reservations, to feed
them, and adapt them to civilized life. We
authorized a board of officers of the highest
rank in military and civil life to make treaties
with them. This was done with much osten-
tation, and these treaties were ratified and con-
firmed by the Senate. We guarantied them
reservations, food, shelter, assistance, and
clothing in obligations as sacred as the public
debt. We have openly and knowingly violated
these obligations. We even gathered bands
of Indians on the reservations promised them,
and left them to starve. Our people invaded
the very reservations set apart for them, and
Congress refused last year, and still refuses, to
make appropriations to carry these treaties
into effect.
The Indians resorted to the only remedy for
savages or civilized people for violated treaties;
but their warfare is the warfare of barbarians.
They steal and rob, burn, murder, and mutilate
their victims. What else can they do? You
have invaded their territory; you have cut off
their food. They are starving. You promised
them food, and you have sent them Quakers
without money. They flaunt your violated
treaties in your faces. You talk about Indian
massacres! What death is more terrible than
starving? What crime is greater than this Con-
gress commits daily in violating these treaties?
With them it is the crime of desperation ; with
youitisthecrimeoflistlessnessandindifference.
I fear it is now too late to repair our error.
We may be startled any day by a Fetterman
massacre. To punish it our soldiers may be
compelled to commit another massacre. In
any event, very large additional appropriations
must be made, and these will be either in money
for food, or in supplies and transportation for
tho Army.
Then there is another thing. The House the
other day passed a bounty bill, which, in my
judgment, if carried into a law,-will cost us
about two hundred million dollars. It allows
$100a year, if I remember aright, for every
year's service by any soldier in the war. The
Senator from Vermont has charge of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, I beg my friend's
pardon ; it has gone to the Military Committee.
It would not stand any chance in my committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Two or three years ago
I examined into it thoroughly, and the esti-
mates then of the Department, which I have
now in my hand, showed thatthe whole amount
to pay the bounties provided for by that bill
would be from three to four hundred million
dollars. As a compromise we provided for a
mode of paying a certain amount of bounties
that has cost the Government $80,000,000.
That amount has been paid, and this new bill
proposes to make up the deficiency, as I under-
stand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will under-
stand that it is not a deficiency under that law;
but it is to extend it to what that original bill
was ; and I wish to suggest to my friend right
there, that we were told when we passed that
bounty bill, that it would not cost to exceed
$25,000,000 at the outside, and it has more
than trebled.
Mr. SHERMAN. That has cost us nearly
eighty million dollars. I know that when the
original House proposition came to us, the esti-
mate was that it would cost more than three
or four hundred million dollars, and the House
hill as passed now allows a deduction of the
amount of bounties already paid. I feel as
grateful to the soldiers as any one ; we have
