1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$9
cially provided for as the duty of these enum-
erators. This amendment gives them, if
necessary, thirty days before that time, from
the 10th of April to the 10th of Hay, to be
drilled into working order. It saves, I believe,
seventy days of pay, $4,200,000.
The bill provides for the appointment of the
superintendent within ten days after the pas-
sage of this bill. This will require the assent
of the Senate. Our adjournment will be longer
than ten days. His appointment must be made
before the adjournment, probably as earljr as
the 20th. Within thirty days after hia appoint-
ment the Secretary of the Interior must appoint'
the district superintendents. They will be
appointed undoubtedly by the J 5th of January.
If, then, we are to learn by the teaching of
experience and from the ordinary working of
hnman nature we may expect that all the enum-
erators—for the provision is that they shall
be appointed almost immediately—will be ap-
pointed, the whole fifteen thousand of them,
by tlie 1st of February.
Now, we do not believe it is necessary that
they should be at work before the 10th of April
at the furthest; and it is to savo these seventy
days at $60,000 a day that we propose to put
in this limit.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am sure my
friend from Minnesota [Mr. Wilson] would not
have offered his amendment if he had under-
stood its bearing on the whole bill. I under-
stood from his remarks that he has made it in
the interests of economy. Now, I believe that,
on the contrary, if his amendment prevails it
would be greatly against the economy with
which the census can be taken; as provided in
the bill the enumerator could be employed but
sixty days. The amendment will give him a
much longer time of employment than that, at
least one month longer than the time given by
the bill. It ie> provided that during twenty days
preceding the day fixed for taking the census
the enumerator shall distribute the schedules.
That is the first word in the bill as to the duties
which it prescribes for them. Then for the
thirty days during which the actual enumera-
tion is being made they sholl be employed in
that. Then during the ten days following the
enumeration they are required to complete the
sending of all the returns they have taken and
finish up their work. The bill thus gives them
sixty days in all. That is the whole time dur-
ing which they will be required. It will be
observed that in the seventh and eighth lines
it is provided that they are to be paid for the
time during which they are employed as enum-
erators, and the specific and only duties of
the enumerator are described in the former
sections as for these three purposes alone. But
to render it more definite the committee has
authorized the making of an amendment at the
end of the sentence in the eleventh lino by
adding the words "but not for a longer period
in all than sixty days." ,
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
for an inquiry ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I should like to inquire—
for on this point I must say the bill is not very
clear—what limit there is placed on the ser-
vices which may be rendered by the superin-
tendents and enumerators prior to the time
when they commence the distribution of the
schedules. It seems to me they may enter on
labors which would entitle them to pay prior
to that time. I would like to know what pro-
vision of the bill limits it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Of the district
superintendent the gentleman is quite right in
saying that he may be employed earlier; indeed,
tlie bill requires that the district superintend-
ents shall be appointed early, as soon as the
machinery for taking the census can be put up.
But the enumerator, as I have already said,
has his three duties laid down: first., to distrib-
ute the schedules ; second, to take the enumer-
ation, and third, he has ten days in addition to
send in his report. But lest there may be the
I am about to
Then I with-
vagueness to which the gentleman refers, the
committee propose to add in the eleventh fine,
after the word fl enumeration," the words but
not for a longer period in all than sixty days.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That will make it clear.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I will with-
draw my amendment if that is to be put in
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio.
move it.  
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota.
draw my amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to insert
after the word " enumeration," in line eleven,
the words " nor for a longer period than sixty
days for all his services;" so that the clause
will read:
And each enumerator shall receive compensation
for his services at tho rafo of four dollars por ua.y
for tho timo during which ho is_ employed as such
enumerator, but ho shall not receive any compensa-
tion for any services rendered after a period of ten
days from the timo fixed for the completion of the
enumeration, nor for a longer period than sixty days
for all his services.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Should not there be a
limit also to the time services shall be ren-
dered by district superintendents?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We think not,
because there is so much preliminary work
needed that we could hardly dare to limit the
time. Wo leave it to the discretion of the Sec-
ictaTy.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Garfield,
of Ohio, was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio what are the preliminary
duties which these superintendents will have to
perform to which ho alludes?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Well, in the
first place, they liavo to divide off their entire
districts—congressional districts—into subdi-
visions or sub-districts of such size as to make
tho labor of the enumerators about equal, lie
must, then nominate a proper person in each
subdivision as an enumerator, and forward a
statement of the districting and a list of the
enumerators designated to the Superintendent
of the Census for his approval. To do that
intelligently will require no small amount ot
time. They must, also receive full instructions
concerning the whole business of taking the
census, and distribute them before any ot' the
operations of the enumerators shall begin.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish that in some way
some limit could be provided upon the time
they aro to spend in this service.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
thought, the very necessities of the case would
be some limit. It, will certainly bo the 1st of
January before iliisbill can go into effect, and
along into February biTore any of the district
superintendents will lie appointed.
Mr. ELDIIIDGK. 1 withdraw my amend
roont.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I move to amend
tho portion of this section relating to the pay
o! tlie enumerator by striking out the words
"one half of," and also tho words "and
when said returns have been received by the
superintendent and carefully examined for
classification, if found executed in a satis-
factory manner, then lie shall also cause the
other half to be paid."
Mr. Chairman, tho pay of these enumerators
is small enough at best, and to deprive them
of one half their pay, when their work is done,
until these returns have been classified in
Washington, which may not be till one, two,
or three years after the work is done, it seems
to me is unjust to the enumerators. These
enumerators will be men of small means,
depending upon this pay for the support ot
themselves and their families, and when their
work is done to the satisfaction of the district
superintendent they should be paid. In an-
other part of this bill it is provided that the
district superintendent shall certify the work
of the enumerator to be satisfactory before it
, can be received. Now, when lie lias done
; that, and his own pay depends upon the cor-
rectness of the work, I think the Government
is sufficiently protected, and the enumerators
who have done this work ought to receive
their money. For that purpose I.have ottered
this amendment. '
Mr. GARFIELD,of Ohio. ItrusWhatamend-
mentwill not prevail; and if the gentleman will
reflect a moment upon the reason for the pro-
vision now in the bill I think he will no,t press
his amendment. The point is that as-soon as
the work of the enumerator is done, which is
in a few weeks, he sends it to the district super-
intendent ;. and upon the certificate of the dis-
trict superintendent that his returns are in, one
half of his pay is given to liim. But we have put
iu this bill a provision that when these returns
shall have been sent here to Washington, and
when the Superintendent, of the Census having
charge of all these matters has seen that the
returns are properly and correctly made, then
the other half shall be paid. Suppose a man
has done liis work imperfectly, wretchedly,
and has obtained his pay; what hold have we
ou him, or what special spur will lie have to
do his work correctly ? A provision of this
kind was embraced in the old law, and to that
provision we are indebted for whatever correct-
ness there was in the census taken under that
law. I hope the provision will not be stricken
out.
The amendment was not agreed to; there
being—ayes thirty-six, noes not couuted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chun man,
I see that the point made by my friend from
Missouri [Mr. Bkxjaman] had one ground of
apparent support in the language ot the bill.
I think his objection would he obviated by
Striking out the words "for classification,"
which would appear to indicate that those re-
turns are to bo classified before these officers
can collect their pay. Such is not the iuten-
t.ion of the bill, and the phraseology ought to
be amended. I move to amend by striking out
the words " for classification," in line thirty-
four ; so that the closing part of the section
will read;
And when tho returns have been carefully ex-
amincd, if iouml oxccutetl in a satisfactory manner,
thou he aKso caus?c tho other half to be paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
by striking out the word "eight" m the first
line of this section and inserting iu lieu thereof
the word "six," .so as to provide that these
district superintendents shall receive a com-
pensation of six dollars per day. We are dis-
cussing the question of how we can economize
money iu this bill, and I am certain that we
can obtain plenty of men who will be very glad
to receive this office at the compensation of
six dollars a day. I hope this amendment, will
be adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. FITCII. I move to amend by inserting
after the word " enumeration," in line eleven,
the following:
Provided. That the Socrotary of tile Interior is
hereby authorized to allow such additional compens-
ation to district superintendents, enumerators, and
elerks in caeh of the States of Nevada, Oregon, ami
California, and in caoh of the Territories, as may bo
necessary to secure the correct taking ot the census.
In the States west ofthe Rocky mountains, and
probably in lltheTerritories. no person compe-
tent for the position of district, superintendent
could be obtained for eight dollars a day. Cer-
tainly no persons fit to discharge the duties
could be procured for four dollars a day. In*
my own State, for instance, there is no part
where the wages of labor are less than three
dollars a day in gold, while skilled mechanics
receive from five to ten dollars a day in gold.
Now, the population of the Pacific States in
the mining regions is not equally distributed ;
it is congregated in large mining towns or small
mining camps with largo tracts of uninhabited
desert country between them. In my own State,
which is the largest congressional district in
the United States, there are counties contain-
ing a larger area than the State of Connecticut,
