1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1391
out of the appropriation bill. Since then the
Department has been going on, if I may so
express myself, uuder duress. It has retained
the old solicitor, making him a fourth-class
clerk, and in some way giving him an addi-
tional allowance. That has been done in order
to continue his valuable services, services which
had l>een found in experience so important to
the Department. I am assured personally by
the Secretary that he regards the appointment
of a solicitor and this additional clerical force
as of great importance to the work of the De-
partment; and now, to confirm what I have
said, I send to the Chair his communication on
the subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
Senator from Massachusetts whether this soli-
citor of the State Department went in the
statutes by that name.
Mr. SUMNER. He was first moved as soli-
citor, but the term was changed to examiner,
and lie was called "examiner of claims."
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no statute that
names a solicitor of the State Department, but
an examiner of claims did exist under the
authority of law until the appropriation bill
of 1868, when the office was abolished.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes; and I would remind
my friend that the term "examiner of claims"
was adopted there as a mild substitute for
solicitor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He was to do precisely
the same thing.
Mr. SUMNER. Precisely. I should like
to have the letter of the Secretary read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department op State, January 17,1870.
Sir: Referring to our conversation of Saturday, I
have now the honor to inclose draft of a bill for
increasing the service of this Department by the
employment of a solicitor and three new clerks.
It is found in practice impossible to carry on the
work of this Department without the services of a
legal gentleman trained to the examination of the
Questions of claims against foreign Governments,
'fbe appropriation for that service was omitted in
the last appropriation bill, and I have been obliged,
in order to retain the very competent gentleman
whom I found here in that position, to dispense with
one of the fourth-class clerks allowed by the bill,
and to place Mr. Smith's name on the pay-roll as a
fourth-class clerk, with the understanding that I
would ask Congress to restore the appropriation. I
beg leave therefore to sty that, in my judgment, the
pu blic interests req uire that a competent legal assist-
ant should be employed in this Department; and
also to recommend that an appropriation be made
for that purpose at the rate of $3,500 a year; that the
titloof the officer be "solicitor of the Department
of State."
The clerks contemplated by the bill will be em-
ployed under the directions of the chief clerk, in
daily indexing the archives and records of the De-
partment.
It is proposed that they shall have the personal
care of the current papers, and that they shall re-
spond to all calls for information from the Secretary
and the Assistant Secretaries.
It may surprise your committee to know that there
is not in this Department a comprehensive alpha-
betical index of the papers which it contains. The
indexes and registers which have heretofore been
kept hare been found to be inadequate as well as
cumbersome. Indeed, we depend for our inform-
ation of the contents of the archives largely upon the
personal knowledgeof the gentlemen who have been
for so many years connected with the Department.
As a result of so imperfect a system much of the
time of the clerks is taken up in hunting for papers
called for by the Secretary or the Assistant Secre-
taries, and an equ^l amount of the time of those
officers is spent in waiting for the papers.
All the correspondence of the Department both
ways also necessarily passes through the chief clerk's
office. As the Department is now organized it is im-
possible to give him any aid. All the force given by
law is needed in the various bureaus.
The proposed additional clerks will, if allowed,
be added to the staff of the chief clerk's office, and
will also be employed in aiding him in the distribu-
tion of work. Thus the several bureaus will be re-
lieved from the demands upon their time made by
•nC?"s '"r I>aF>ers and information, and the clerks
will be enabled to devote their whole time to the
correspondence and records in their respective
tuarge, and their work, which has been necessarily
i i arrears, will be brought and kept up. The chief
clerk also, who is now overworked, will be relieved.
An alphabetical index of the archives of the De-
triment, made complete every night, will be begun,
wmeh in a very few years will cover the ground over
"•'"eh the ordinary inquiries of a Secretary of State
range.
Should Congress deem it further for the interests
nf Jv.® country authorize a similarindex to be made
ot the correspondence and archives of the Depart-
ment since the publication of the last volume of tho
archives relating to " foreign relations," I shall bo
pleased to take the superintendence of tho com-
mencement of tho work.
Tho proposed bill further contemplates the in-
crease of what arc known as the temporary clerks of
the Department. Tho appropriations for this ser-
vice of late years havo been at the rate of $10,000 a
year. The bill of lastspringeut this down to So,000,
and at the same time reduced the regular force. This
reduccs tho working force of the Department below
its necessities, and has made it impossible to pre-
pare the usual report upon commercial relatious.
If it bo thought advisable to continue tho publica-
tion of this series of documents it will bo necessary
to increase the appropriation for extra clerk hire.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
HAMILTON FISII.
Hon. X. P. Banks, Chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, /louse of liepresenlatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would suggest to the
Senator from Massachusetts that he have the
name of this officer as it was before.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection. Let
the resolution be amended by striking out
"solicitor" and inserting "examiner of
claims."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
phraseology read as it stands after the change.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution now
reads:
That there shall be appointed by the President
of the United States, by and with tho advioe and
consent of the Senate, a suitable person, learned in
the law, to be examiner of claims of the Depart-
ment of State, who shall receive the annual salary
of $3,500.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Secretary of State
ought to be allowed to appoint him.
Sir. SUMNER. I think, as it is to be a sal-
aried office, as high a salary as one of the
Assistant Secretaries, it may well be made
subject to the confirmation of the Senate. I
. would not change that.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
i time, and passed.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend the title
so as to read : "A joint resolution to provide
for the appointment of an examiner of claims
for the Department of State, and for addi-
tional clerks in the Department."
Mr. CAMERON. Before that passes I want
to object to this change of name. I like to call
things by their proper names. If he is to be
a solicitor, an attorney, why call him by some
other name, and cheat the public?
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
j state that the Senate joint resolution has passed
calling the officer examiner of claims, and the
title is about being changed to conform to the
body of the joint resolution.
Mr. CAMERON. I did not understand that
a bill was actually passed finally till the title ;
was acted on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title is the
last thing to be attended to, and that is acted
on after the bill is passed.
The amendment to the title was agreed to.
settlers on 8iodx reservation.
Mr. TIPTON. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 109.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 109) in
relation to settlers on the late Sioux Indian
reservation in the State of Minnesota. Tt pro-
poses to amend the act of Congress approved
March 0, 1868, entitled "An act for the relief
of settlers on the late Sioux Indian reservation
in the State of Minnesota," so as to allow the
settlers therein provided for until the 1st day
of March, 1871, in which to make proof and
payment for their claims.
Mr. TIPTON. By the act referred to the
settlers were allowed two years in which to
pay for their claims ; and on account of the
failure of the crop last season, or the low price
of wheat, forty of them have failed, and ask
that twelve months more time be given. That
is all there is in the resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
j PUBLIC LAND BUSINESS.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the bill (S.
j No. 396) granting lands to aid in the construc-
' tion of a railroad and telegraph from Portland
to Astoria and McMinnville, in the State of
• Oregon, be made the special order for to-mor-
row. It is the same bill that I called up the
other morning in the morning hour, but there
was no time to consider it, and notice wasgiven
■ that speeches would be made on the subject.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon moves that the bill named by him
be made the special order for to-morrow at one
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
george andrews.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 437, reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 437) for the relief of
George Andrews. The bill annuls the order
of the board of examination of Army officers,
dated February 15, 1862, placing George An-
drews, lieutenant colonel sixth infantry, Uni-
ted States Army, on the list of retired officers,
and directs his name to he placed upon the
retired list, with the rank of colonel, with pay
proper and rations of that rank, as of the date
of February 15, 1862.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
j district of columbia business.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the business of the
Committee on the District of Columbia is
now before the Senate.
usury laws.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that Senate bill
No. 215 be first taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
j consider the bill (S. No. 215) to amend the
i usury laws of the District of Columbia. It pro-
I vides that the legal rate of interest in the Dis-
| trict of Columbia shall be six per cent, per
annum, and that if any person or corporation
shall exact, directly or indirectly, for loan of
any money, goods, or chattels to be paid in
money, above the value of six dollars for the
forbearance of $100 for one year, and so after
that rate for a greater or lesser sum, or for a
longer or shorter time, he shall be deemed
guilty of usury. Any person or corporation
guilty of usury is to forfeit all the excess above
the real sum or value of the goods and chattels
actually lent or advanced, and the legal inter-
est on such sum or value, which forfeiture is
to inure to the benefit of any defendant who
shall plead usury and prove the same. Every
plea of usury is to state the sum of money or
the value of the goods and chattels lent or ad-
vanced, with the time at which the same was
so lent or advanced; and the plaintiff is to be
entitled to recover the sum of money or the
value of the goods and chattels actually lent
or advanced, with legal interest from the time
the same was so lent or advanced.
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose to state the facts
of the case, not to argue the matter—
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the present law ?
Mr. HAMLIN. The law now in existence
in the District of Columbia is the law of Mary-
land, and it provides that if anything beyond
six dollars per annum on $100 shall be taken
it shall be usury, and as usury shall forfeit
the entire contract. That was the law of
