1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4223
proceedings cover teu hundred and twenty-
three pages. Now, the practice is to insert in
each volume of the Globe this excellent but
necessarily voluminous index. This is un-
necessary and is expensive. One fifth of all
this expense can be saved without impairing
the value of the Globe, by inserting the index
and tables only in one of the several volumes
published for each regular session. I call the
attention of the House to this subject now, so
that the proper remedy may be applied. When
I first had the honor of a seat, in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress I think the index found in the
Congressional Globe was somewhat defective.
The numbers of bills when introduced in the
House were not inserted in the Globe; there
was no table or list of House and Senate bills
and joint resolutions ; no means of tracing the
history of or proceedings on any bill or resolu-
tion by the index or by any table of bills giving
a reference to the pages where discussed and
acted on. The index and tables now found
in the Globes, wall the improvements made
therein, furnish the means of tracing the history
of every bill and joint resolution. These changes
were introduced upon suggestions which 1 had
the privilege of making. They have largely
improved, but have also increased the size of
the index.
The resolution was referred to the joint
Committee on Printing.
COURTS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. KERR, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported hack the bill (H. R. No.
1937) to provide for the holding of additional
terms of the district and circuit courts of the
United States in the State of Michigan, and
for other purposes, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill was read. It provides that the
territory and waters embraced within the
counties of Chippewa, Schoolcraft, Marquette,
Houghton, Keweenaw, Ontonagon, Meuomo-
nee, Delta, and Mackinaw shall hereafter con-
stitute parts of the western distnetof said State,
and there shall be two terms each of the dis-
trict and circuit courts of the United States
held each year at Houghton, in the county of
Houghton," in the western district of said State,
and at Bay City, in the county of Bay, in the
eastern district of said State.
The second section provides^ that the ter-
ritory and waters embraced within the said
counties of Chippewa, Schoolcraft, Marquette,
Houghton, Keweenaw, Ontonagon, Meuomo-
nee, Delta, and Mackinaw shall _ hereafter
constitute the northern division of said western
district; and it shall be the duty of the judge
of said district to hold terms of said district
court as aforesaid at Houghton as aforesaid;
and it is hereby made his duty, within thirty
days after the passage of this act, to determine
and appoint the limes when said terms of said
district and circuit courts shall be held, and
to give three weeks' notice thereof b37 publica-
tion in two or more newspapers in said north-
ern division, and such times shall thereafter
stand until changed by law.
The third section provides that the terri-
tory and waters embraced within the counties
of Huron, Ba}r, Tuscola, Saginaw, Gratiot,
Isabella, Midland, Iosco. Alcona, Alpena,
Presque Isle, Cheboygan, Clare, Gladwin, Kos-
common, Ogemaw, Oscoda, Crawford, Otsego,
and Montmorency shall constitute the northern
division of said eastern district; and it shall be
the duty of the judge of said district to hold
terms of said district court as aforesaid, at
Bay City as aforesaid ; and it is hereby made
his duty, within thirty days after the passage
f of this act, to determine and appoint the times
when said terms of said district and circuit
. courts shall be held, and to give three weeks'
notice thereof by publication in two or more
newspapers in said northern division, and such
times shall thereafter stand until changed by
The fourth section provides that, the marshal
and clerk of said districts, respectively, shall
attend the sessions of said courts at Houghton
and Bay City in person or by deputy ; audthey
are empowered, respectively, to appoint dep-
uties for the more efficient performance of their
duties in connection with said additional courts,
who shall reside, respectively, at Houghton and
Bay City aforesaid, and shall qualify under the
direction of the court substantially in the same
manner as the marshals and clerks are required
by law to qualify.
The fifth section provides that it shall be the
duty of the judge of the sixth circuit of the
United States to hold circuit courts at said
Houghton and Bay Cir.y, as hereinbefore spe-
cified, in like manner as required by existing
laws to hold such courts at other places in said
circuit.
The sixth section provides that all suits here-
after to be brought in either of said northern
divisions of said districts shall be brought in
the division where the defendant resides ; but
if there be more than one defendant, and they
reside in different divisions or districts, the
plaintiff may sue in either of said divisions or
districts, and send a duplicate writ against the
defendant, directed to the marshal of the other
district, on which an indorsement shall be
made that the writ thus sent is a copy of a writ
sued out of the court of the proper division or
district; and the said writs, when executed
and returned into the office from whence they
issued, shall constitute oue suit, and be pro-
ceeded with accordingly.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed 'and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KliJtUl moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
I >. V \ IjlI) PENSION'S.
Mr. 1IAY. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, in obedience to the
order of the House, to report a bill with refer-
ence lo pensions to persons totally disabled.
The bill (II. R. No. 2175) amendatory of an
act entitled " An act supplementary to thesev-
eral acts relating to pensions," approved June
G, lSG'j, was received and read a first and
second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It proposes so to amend
section first of an act entitled "An act supple-
mentary to the several acts relating to pen-
sions," approved June (i, 18GG, that all per-
sons who while in the military or naval service
of the United States of America and in the
line of duty shall have lost the sight of both
eyes, or who shall have lost both hands or
both feet in the same, or who shall have been
permanently and totally disabled in the same,
or otherwise so permanently and totally dis-
abled as to render them utterly helpless, or so
nearly so as to require the constant personal
aid and attendance of another person, shall be
paid arrears of pension from the passage of the
aforesaid aet to the date of their respective dis-
abilities at the jjpte of twenty-five dollars per
month.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a thiid time ; and being engrossed, it was
according'v read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HAY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILWAUKEE SOLDIERS' ASYLUM.
Mr PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 323) giving
condemned ordnance to the national asylum
for disabled soldiers, Milwaukee, Wisconsin;
which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes and directs the
transfer to the national asylum for disabled
soldiers in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, six pieces
of condemned ordnance, to be placed in the
soldiers' cemetery at Milwaukee.
The joint resolution was ordered .to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr.^ PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed j and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RICHARD P. SPKNCBU.
Mr. KELLOGG. Iaxk unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee 011 the
Judiciary, for action at this time, the bill (li.
R. No. 1537) for the relief of Richard P.
Spencer.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which it will be open to
objection, if any should be offered.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to cause to be issued to Rich-
ard P. Spencer, of Deep River, Connecticut,
a proper certificate of the registered stock of
the United States of the ten-forty loan under
the act of March 3, 1864, to the amount of
$10,000, in lieu and instead of certificate of
said loan numbered 11058, for $10,000, belong-
ing to him, and lost while passing through the
mails; provided, that said Spencer shall give
bond with surety to the satisfaction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, conditioned to indem-
nify the United States against all claim upon
or in respect to said first-mentioned certificate.
Mr. BENJAMIN, Is there a report accom-
panying this bill ?
Mr. KELLOGG". There is a unanimous
report from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Would the gentleman like to hear that report
read ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would like to hear it
read, and will reserve my right to object to
this bill after the report is read.
Mr. KELLOGG. The report is a short one.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am informed
that this bill is to be objected to, and there is
no use in reading the report.
Mr. KELLOGG. Let. the report be read.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. No ; i must
object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the bill is not before the House.
AKTIKICIAL LIMBS FOR SOLDIERS.
Mr. NEGLEY. I rise to make a privileged
report from a committee of conference.
The report was read, as follows:
Tbo committee of conference on tbe disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on House bill No. 7<S5, en-
titled "An act to provide for tarnishing artificial
limbs to disabled soldiers," having met, after full
and free confcrcnce have agreed to recommend, and
do hereby recommend, to their respective Houses* n$
follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same.
That the Senate recedo from their sccond amend-
ment, striking out ail after the word "Army" in line
nine to the end of the bill, and agree to said portion
of the bill with an amendment, namely, m section
two, lino seven, after the word "now" insert the
words " or hereafter may be;" and that the House
agree to said amendment.
J AS. S. NEGLEY,
GEO. M. ADAMS,
Managers on the part of the House.
J. M. HOWARD,
RICHARD YATES.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The question was upon agreeing to the report
of the committee of conference.
Mr. HOLMA.N. 1 hope the gentleman will
explain the effect of the recommendations oi
the report.
Mr. NEGLEY. It is substantially the same
as the House bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the soldier does not take
the artificial limb is he to have an equivalent
in money ?
Mr. NEGLEY. He is.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Has the committee^ oi
conference inserted the word " sailors?" I hat-
