1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2335
that time tlio banks of New York had a right
to loan as much as they pleased on real estate,
and the Legislature of the State in their wis-
dom thought it would bo a great additional
security to the institutions to say that they
should not lend more than one half on real
estate. But twenty years after that they all
broke up again, every one of them, and when
the rush came there was not a bank in the in-
terior of New York or in the city of New York
1 hat could meet its deposits. The batiks in
the city of New York in one day were all
crushed; and so it will be again if there should
be a panic, and some time it will come; per-
haps very soon. Above all things I do not
want this institution, this little pet lamb, as it
might be called, of the African race, murdered
by our legislation. Let it be kept safe.
The Senator from Kansas says that they pay
five per cent, on their deposits. I think they
commit a great error in doing that. That in-
duces and stimulates people to make deposits
with them, and those people who loan their
money at five per cent, expect, the moment
they call with their checks, that it will be paid :
but how will they gettheir money if it is loaned
on real estate Y N o matter what the valuation
may be, you cannot turn real estate under one,
two, or three years into money.
Mr. POMEIIOY. The Senator must be
aware that they are obliged to keep one fourth
of the whole amount on hand all the time.
Then they are to have one third in Govern-
ment bonds all the time, even if the Govern-
ment bonds do not bring four percent., and
then this other one third it is proposed to allow
(hem to loan upon real estate. With the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York I ara sure
there cannot be any objection to the bill now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania moves to strike out a part of the
bill. The Senator from Nov/ York moves to
perfect the part to be stricken out, which has
priority. The amendment is after the words
"mortgage on" to insert "improved," and
after "loan" toinsert "exclusive of the value
of the improvements (hereon."
Mr. SUMNER. There is no objection to
that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now let it he read as it
ptn nds.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
AikI to the extent of one third thereof in stock" of
any State or incorporated city of the United States,
and to the extent of another third in bond and mort-
gage on improved real estate, double the value of the
it: n. exclusive of the improvements f.her.con.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
oil the amendment of the Senator from New
York.
The amendment v.-as agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on striking out the paragraph as amended.
Mr. CAMERON called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri demands the regular order, and
the Senate resumes the consideration of the
question of privilege, and the Senator from
Delaware is entitled to the floor.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. THAYER, With the consent of the
Senator from Delaware, I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it bo to meet on Monday
next.
The VICE> PRESIDENT. The Senate is
now considering the question of privilege, and
the Senator from Nebraska asks unanimous
consent to submit a motion that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to that.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from Dela-
ware yields me the floor. Can an objection
prevent my malting the motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
entitled to the lloor cannot yield the business
befove the body, and tills motion cannot be
entertained while that business is pending
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. THAYER. Then I move to postpone
the regular order, in order to enable me to
make the motion 1 have indicated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Nebraska moves to postpone the regular order
until to-morrow.
Mr. POMEROY. I want the sense of the
Senate. If they wish to adjourn over, be it
so ; but I think wo ought not to adjourn over.
Mr. HOWELL. Wo ought to be able to
have the sense of the Senate on the subject. '
The VICE PR.ES [DENT. The only motion
topostpone which the Chair can recognize under
the rule, is to postpone until to-morrow.
Mr. THAYER. 1 withdraw that motion, as
I understand ihe Senator from Kansas with-
draws his objection.
The Vi CE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Kansas withdraws the objection, the Chair
understands; and the question is on the motion
of the Senator from Nebraska that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. THAYER. Will the Senator from Del-
aware yield further to allow me to introduce a
bill?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 742) to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to change the boundaries of land dis-
tricts; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to (he Committee on Public Lands,and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MOllTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 7-14) to cnforce the fifteenth amendment
to the Constitution of the United States ; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. MORTON. I will state that this is a
substitute for a former bill introduced oil the
same subject; and while I am on the floor I
will say that 1 shall move on Monday to take
from the table the Senate resolution offered by
me in regard to the Oneida disaster. I move
that the bill which I have introduced be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
senator from mississippi
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senator from Delaware if he will allow the
bill I had up this morning, to which I think
there will be no further objection, and which
it is rather necessary be passod to-day, to be
acted on.
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the regular order.
I would inquire of the Chair whether, after
having called for the regular order, it is in the
power of the Senator entitled to the floor upon
that order to yield the floor to one Senator
alter another to introduce business.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not except
by the unanimous consent of the Senate ; but
it is often done by unanimous consent, and the
Chair each time asked if unanimous consent
was granted.
Mr. DRAKE. If there is other business to
be transacted than the regular order, then I
wish to withdraw my objection in favor of the
bill which the Senator from Massachusetts
had before the Senate when I made the call,
and if that cannot be done I object to any
other business than the regular order.
Mr. CONKLlNG-. Would notthe honorable
Senator like to allow me to introduce a bill
for reference ? If he would, I beg to introduce
a bill for reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri objects to all business out of order.
Mr. CONKLlNG. I do not think he will
object to my introducing a bill for reference.
Jlr. DRAKE. I do object to any other than
the regular order of business.
Mr. CONKLlNG. Well, Mr. President, that
is very cruel in the Senator. [Laughter.]
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary:
Resolved, That Adelbert Ames is not eligible to the
seat in the Senate of the United States to which he
has been appointed.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I ask that
the credentials of Mr. Ames be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the credentials of Mr. Ames.
The Secretary read as follows:
Executive Department, State op Mississippi,
Jackson, Mississippi, January 25, 1870.
I, Adelbert Ames, Brevet Major General United
States Army, provisional governor of the State of
Mississippi, do hereby certify that Adelbert Ames
was elected United States Senator by the Legislature
of this State on the 18th day of January, 1870. for the
unexpired term which commenced on the 4th day of
March, 1869, and which will end on the 4th day of
March, 1875.
In testimony whereof, X have hereunto set my
hand, and caused the great seal of the State
[l. k.'J of Mississippi to be affixed, this 25th day of
January, 1870.
ADELBERT AMES,
Brevet Major General United Statex Army,
Provisional Governor of Missis-iippi.
By the Governor:
JAMES LYNCH,
Secretary of State.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, this certifi-
cate of Major General Adelbert Ames in favor
of Mr. Adelbert Ames, has been referred to
the appropriate committee of this body, and a
report has been made by that committee ad
verse to his claim, and they have submitted to
the Senate a resolution, "that Adelbert Ames
is not eligible to the seat in the Senate of the
United States to which he has been appoint-
ed." This report, made with deliberation, was
made almost unanimously by this committee,
but one member dissenting.
Sir, at any time the question of membership
in this body is one of very grave importance,
whether it arises on the motion to admit or the
motion to expel, not simply as regards the
rights of the individual whose seat on this floor
is ill question, but as affecting the rights of the
many thousands whose representative he is sun-
posed to be. The injury in truth is to them,
not him ; and the injury is either thatthey shall
not be represented, or a still more cruel injury,
that they shall be misrepresented in this body,
for certainly 110 one will deny that it is better
to have a vacant chair here than to have a mis-
representative of the people here, pretending
to speak for them, without that moral authority
which he should possess. At any time, there-
fore, the question of membership is important,
and at this juncture, under this peculiar prece-
dent, it is more than ever so.
Sir, strange events are occurring in this
country. Here this morning we have a case
which never existed before in the Senate. A
person has been occupying a seat in this body
for over a year peaceably, without question,
and yet this morning have been presented cer-
tain memorials and petitions of the claimant
to the seat of one of the Senators from Florida,
who has been acting in his office for some thir-
teen months past without question. Therefore
it is of great importance that this matter of
due and orderly precedent should be considered
at this time. „
The question is a judicial one. The Consti-
tution makes it so. Each House of Congress
is by the Constitution made the sole judge of
the rights of membership in the respective
bodies. That word "judge" has a meaning,
and it is as judges, not as partisans, that we
should sit in this case to-day. There have
been, I know, and I have noticed with regret,
intimations of a very contrary feeling, lhere
have been expressions of impatience in regard
to this matter of orderly and usual debate.
The honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] in speaking the other day npon the delay
of the Judiciary Committee to report upon a
certain matter, declared in lefeience to this
very case which we are now considering, tlitit
