THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Ward was in the original "bill,' and left out by
"accident. '
,Mr. NEGLEY. Sailors haVe riot been in-
cluded in the bill.
. J3r. SCOFIELD. . Why not?
• 'Mr. NEQ-LEY. The committee of confer-
enee did nojs feel inclined to make any changes
other than wete necessary to remove fcome
technical objections to the bill:
' Mf. SCOFIELD. Then the cpmnlittee have
left out an entire class of perSOnS which were
provided for in thcorigin&l bSl, but by accident
were left out of the bill which finally passed. I
called the attention of my colleague [Mr. Neg-
i.eyJ to the matter, and ha assured rue that it
should "be attended to.
Mr. NEGLEY. I will state to my Colleague
[Mr. Scofield] that it is proposed to intro-
duce a short bill that will remedy the difficulty
,to which he refers, and also another difficulty
that should be remedied. It is now drawn up,
and will probably meet with no objection,
Mr. HOLJIAN. I hope the report will be
agreed to.
The question was taken upon adopting the
report of the committee of conference; and
it was agreed to.
Mr. NEGLEY moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that th  motion to
reconsider be laid on.the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ciIakges ob bribery.
Mr. FITCH. I rise to a privileged question,
aud ask the Clerk to read some extracts 1 have
marked in an article published in the livening
fctnr, of tin's city, yest.etday.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The (?irbtni, Howl Lobbrj—T)i>ichxur('i,—
luipnytnnt, it true.—(imto a tinny has been created
in vitriotiseiicles in W.tehinfUftn b.v \vh;it pnrpm'fH to
hi; important diselo^ues published in the New York
I'ost, <ii' yesterday, in regard to tin; operations of lbo
Cuban bond lobby with members of Congress, news-
paper men, il-e. The Washington correspondent of
tin- I'ost says that for several months past reports
Imve leon in circulation thnt tho (Juban leaders, m
order l.o.-('.cure, tbe recognition of t.llo Cuban republic
lis a betli^et'onit Power by the United Htates, have
expended iiu-t;e sums of money with tho lobby and
newspaper correspondents ticry." *■ ;
" Lt iippenis that, fis curly as Hoptemhcr Inwt, Mr.
Uim, tho linurieiat atrent of (Jtiba in Washington,
entered into a written agreement. Willi I\'. ii. Taylor,
un es-Army contractor, through his attorney, cx-
l-obet Gom\nil Pudtett, of this city, by whie.U, tor the
pun! irf$1,01)0,-<>00 in Cuban bonds, wlviolt worn dopo-s-
ited with a certain foreign miui«ef here, Taylor was
lo oblain the iceognition of belligerent rights for
Cuba by tho Government of tho United States. Tlio
sum was lo bo used by Tnylor in tho best possible
manner to accomplish this end within a specified
time."
"As soon as Coneress assembled in December, Mr.
Hut/, so far modified his contract with Mr. Taylor as
lo iinrce to furnish him with from thirty to forty
tltou«nntl dollars in money to be used immediately
Willi the members of Oousress.
"Mr. Tnylor then went to work to induce mem-
bers of Con^re^s to vote for recosrtiition.if t,b:Hquos-
tioti should bo brought beforo tho House, and to
work in a general way lor tho Oub,in republic in all
matters Which Plight come up. I to .saw many mem-
bers for this purpose, find umoni? others, 1I<>!1 allay
of Kentucky, Bit ri.Eit of Tennessee, Jfeweos o f i\ oi t.ii
Oai'oliiiait Fitch of Nevada, and McCormick of A1U-
soiiiri; bat it is not known positively who accepted
bribes and who did not. It isconelusivc, howevur,
that bribes w«e tendered."
Mr. FITCH. In so far as the paragraph
which has just been read by the Clerk intimates
that I have either accepted or been tendered
any bribe or gift) or the promise of any bribe
or gift, oi' valuable thing whatever, by Mr. N.
ii. Tayloi', or any other person acting as agent
or friend of, or purporting to act as Agent or
frier:! of the cause of Cuban independence, it
is an unmitignted falsehood, and the author is
a wicked and cowardly liar. 1 believe that some
weeks since a portion of the Committee On the
Judiciary of this IIon.se was authorized, by a
resolution of the House, to investigate charges
or accusations that members of this House had
been improperly influenced by the promise of
Cuban bonds or of money. 1 call upon the
chairman of that sub-committee, the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butlep.,]
to rise in his place now and state to tho House
Jand to the country whether any evidence has
been presented to that committee tending to
implicate me in any discreditable manner what-
ever.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, Mr. Speak-
er, I atn bound to say, and it is at the satiie
time a pleasure to Sa.y, that there is no evidence
whatever to implicate the gefitletnatt from Ne-
vada [Mr. Pitch] in any improper transaction
in regard to Cuba or anything else. I desire
to add further, that in my view, whenever any
evidence comes before an investigating com-
mittee of this House, which, in the judgment
of the oomrriittee, implicates any member of
the House, it is the duty of the committee to
feport the factto the House before proceeding
frith the investigation. That is the course 1
slloiild always pursue. I repeat, there is no
evidence implicating the gentleman from
Nevada.
Mr. FITCH. Let me further say, in reply
to this or any similar slander with reference to
this Cuban question which may be promulgated
by irresponsible and disreputable persons, that
I da not know Mr. N. B. Taylor, afid so far as
I am aware I never met him, or had any con-
versation Or correspondence with him upon the
subject of the recognition of Cuban independ-
ence or any other subject. I say further, that,
until alter the remarks which f made in this
House in December last upon my own motion
in behalf of Cuban independence, f never met
any member of the Cuban Junta, or any per-
son interested in any organized effort to sus-
tain the cause of Cuban independence. Alter
I made that speech 1 v/as called upon by some
gentlemen who did mo the honor to express
tlieir thanks for the few poor unavailing words
I had said in behalf of that, struggling people.;
but, no person who called upon me, or who has
ever communicated with me since with refer
enee to the possibility of obtaining action from
Congress or tho Administration with regard lo
Cuba, has ever insulted nie by intimating that
in the event of the success of that people 1
could expect any thing except their gratitude
and regard.
Mr. M AYNAllD. Will the gentleman allow
me lo ask him a question?
Mr. FITCH. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. lias the gentleman's at-
tention been called to a communication from
this city, published in the New York Evening
Post of the 6th inatftnt, on the subject to which
he is now referring?
Mr. FITCH. That is the article which I
have sent to the Clerk's desk, and upon which
1 am now Speaking.
Mr. MAYNAUl). My munition was drawn
away at the moment when the gentleman was
beginning his remarks; but 1 understood tho
article to be from the Evening Star of this
city.
Mr. FITCH. It i-s copied by the Star of
(his city front tho i'Jvening Post of New York.
I did not see it in the I'ost; 1 do not. take that
paper; and i(i_y attention was first called to the
mwt.ter by reading it last night in the Star.
If 1 may be permitted to say one word in
addition, 1 will remark that the purpose of this
lie is as obvious as the ho itself is baseless.
We approach in a few days Uie consideration
of the question whether the "louse will help
.Spain to crush Cuba Or not,, It is perhaps con-
jectured by members of the Spani.-h embassy,
or persons in Hpanisli interest, that if charges
of corruption on belmlf of Cuba can be cir-
culated here concerning meililjeis with im-
punity, and permitted to piws unchallenged,
gentlemen on this floor may be afraid to ex-
press the kindly sentiments which they may
entertain for tho persecuted Cubans ; and at
the cost of a dinner or a five-dollar bill some
scavenger who disgraces the reportorial fra-
ternity is induced to sound the preliminary
note of slander. I suppose we shall have the
whole pack yelping in chorus about Monday
next. AH I have to say m conclusion is, that
so far as my action is concerned, I should deem
myself recreant lo my obligations to my con-
stituents, and to my own manhood, if I allowed
the cry of a few hungry coyotes to swerve me
at any time from the utterance of words of
encouragement arid cheer of any people who
are struggling for civil and religious liberty.
order 01? BUSINESS.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous consent
that Senate bill No. 387 be taken from the
Speaker's (able and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. RANDALL. I object, and call for the
regular order.
INCltlSASB OS BANKING IA.CILITIE3.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
regular order, which is the consideration of
the bill (H, R. No. 1900) to increase banking
facilities, and for other purposes, in accord-
ance With the order of the House, adopted last
Monday, speeches on this subject to-day will
be limited to fifteen minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to give
notice that it is my purpose to call the previous
question on this bill a little before lour o'clock
to-day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Inoerkou,] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. INGrKRiSOLL. Mr. Speaker, before
proceeding to the discussion oi this bill, 1 wish
to submit to the House a suggestion concern-
ing the order of the debate. 1 regret exceed-
ingly that the House has allotted but two days
to the discussion of so important a question,
and has limited speeches on the second day
to fifteen minutes each. We have spent whole
days in the discussion of the question whether
the tariff on jute butts .should be ten dollats
or five dollars; hours have been consumed on
the question of the tax on hair-pins ami cor-
sets ; yet when we come to considei the great
question which towers above tariff or internal
taxes—the question which underlies ail the
prosperity of the country—we are confined to
two days' discussion, aud afe expected to voie,
under the operation of the previous question,
on the piopositions coining from the committee
and the various amendments which have been
offered.
Now, I hope tho House will grant unani-
mous consent to extend this debate at least
another day. Let the debate proceed to day
under the hour rule, and to-morrow we can
have the fifteen-minutes debate. I ask it in
the interest, of the people and of the Country.
Mr. ELDRiDGE. What day does the gen-
tleman propose for the fifteen-minutes debate?
Mr. JNGEUSOLL. To-moirow. Jf any
otberday will suit better, I hope the gentleman
will suggest it.
Mr. COX. I suggest that the chairman of
tho Committee of Ways and Means also bring
in his funding bill, so that we may discuss all
these propositions together.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Immediately after this
bill is disposed of—and it was supposed it, would
be disposed of to-day—it was the understand-
ing that the bill to remodel our naturalization
laws should come up. I do not want that lo
lose its place.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to allow-
ing tho pending bill to be discussed to day
under the hour rule, and to another day being
devoted to debate under the fifteen minutes
rale ?
- Mr. DAWES. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. We always give voa all
the time you require.
Mr. INGERSOLL. There is no danger of
Congress adjourning without making the proper
appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. I dislike to interfere with the
discussion of any important bill ; but to-morrow
is assigned for an appropriation bill, and I do
not see that tho condition of the public busi-
ness will allow us to spend any more time on
this bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Make it thirty-minutes
debate to-day and fifteen-minutes debate on
Friday.
