378
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[May 23,
Senate.
Receipts and Expenditures—Mr. Sherman.
41st Cong. ... 2d Sess.
distributed asany taxes on consumption can be.
The real objection to them is that they fall
entirely on consumption. Property does not
pay any portion of them. If, in. fact, the con-
sumption of taxable goods used by the poor
bore the same proportion to their property or
income that the consumption of the rich does
ro their property or income, then the tax would
be as equitable as any tax can be; but this is
not so. This fact ought to be borne in mind
in adjusting other taxes on property or income.
Xearly one third of all our customs duties fall
upon articles of food, the products of tropical
climates, such as sugar, tea, coffee, and the
spices. Duties-on these articles are purely
revenue duties. They are stable, for their con-
sumption docs not much diminish by increase
of price.' They are as generally diffused and
as lightly felt as any portion of our taxes.
We levy not less than thirty millions upon
raw articles, the basis of our domestic indus-
try, which is not only added to the cost of the
domestic product, but also tends to prevent
domestic production. The tariff is commonly
denounced as a high protective tariff, in order
to arouse old political controversies; but in
fact it is so framed as to produce the largest
revenue upon the smallest importations. The
average rate ofdutylevied extends to nearlyall
articles imported into this country. It would
be a more protective tariff if the duties on pro-
ducts of tropical climates were repealed. It
would be still more protective if the duties on
raw products were repealed.
The true distinction between a protective
tariff ahd a revenue tariff is, that a protective
tariff consists of high duties on articles of for-
eign production that come into competition
with domestic productions, and low duties on
all other articles. A purely revenue tariff
consists of high duties on articles of foreign
growth that we cannot produce, and low duties
on articles that we do produce. This would
encourage importations and swell revenues.
The present tariff levies high duties on nearly
all the productions of foreign Governments,
both raw and manufactured productions, both
such as wo cannot produce and such as we can
produce, it is, therefore, the best revenue
tariff we have ever had, yielding the largest
revenue on the same importations. Its pro-
tective features are very much modified by the
duties on raw materials and on the tropical
food which enters into the cost of domestic
labor. The general effect of the present tariff'
has been largely beneficial to our industry, and
n flowing stream to the Treasury; and there-
fore I am not anxious for its redaction until
we have largely reduced our internal taxation.
When the tariff is reduced it will be a struggle
of opposing interests. It should be done with
great deliberation. When done it should be
upon some general principle of financial pol-
icy, such as guided Sir Robert Peel in 1842,
and by the application of general rules not to
be departed from by the demand of isolated
interests.
If the purpose is to reduce revenue duties
this pail easily be done by enlarging the free
list or reducing the duties on tropical fruit.
If it is to reduce the protective duties on metal
and textile fabrics it should be by a fixed per-
centage. The mere reduction of a small amount
of either classes of duties will not give the
country that relief that will be given by an
equal amount of reduction of internal taxes.
I make these general observations without any
desire to prejudge a revision of the tariff when
the subject is presented by the House of Rep-
resentatives, but only that I may present to
you the great relief that our surplus revenue
enables us to give our people by the repeal of
internal taxes. Indeed, I hope that the tariff
bill now pending in the House of Represent-
atives may pass at this session in the form
deemed best by the House, and then that it
may be subject to the scrutiny of the people,
so that at the.next session the Senate may pro-
pose such amendments as a full and patient
investigation may show to be necessary. It is
manifest that at this period of the session such
an investigation is impossible ; and that if a
greater reduction of revenue than I will pro-
pose is deemed prudent it should be done by
enlarging the free list or by reducing the duty
on a few products, such as sugar, coffee, and
tea.
The question then recurs, what internal taxes
ought to be repealed ? How can we within the
limits of our surplus give most relief to our
constituents? And here the Committee on
Finance were met with a difficulty growing out
of the necessity, in our opinion, of continuing
the income tax in a modified form.
We are restrained by the constitutional pro-
vision which declares that the House of Repre-
sentatives alone can " originate bills forraising
revenue." The question occurred whether or
not a committee of the Senate ought to under-
take to introduce a bill reducing revenue. It
i3 the general sense of the Senate thatwe have
a right to originate a bill reducing revenue.
We introduce appropriation bills every day.
It is the established law and practice that the
Senate has the right to originate appropriation
bills, funding bills, loan bills, and all other
forms of financial legislation except a tax bill
"raising revenue."
I can show precedents without number on
this point. The question whether or not the
Senate can originate a bill which reduces rev-
enue has never been made, because the occa-
sion has never arisen. I have no doubt of the
power of the Senate to do it, but while we are
throwing off revenue we propose to renew and
continue some portion of the income tax, which,
by existing law, expires with this year. The
committee had some doubt whether it was wise
for them to present any bill reducing taxes, as
we wished to make no controversy or question
with the Houbc ; and the only reason why it
was done was because, in the then condition of
affairs, there seemed to be a probability of so
great delay in the reduction of taxes that we
thought it was our duty to bring the subject
before the Senate promptly.
It' two or three months ago a bill had been
introduced and passed repealing all special
taxes which are levied on ihe first day of this
month it would have given a vast deal of relief
to our people. We are entirely able to do it.
These taxes are mainly levied in the month
of May, and consequently will be assessed for
the present year. liecause of the long delay
m these measures of relief the Senate com-
mittee thought it proper to introduce and report
a bill to reduce taxation, as we believed was
within our constitutional power.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As the Sen-
ator from Ohio is on this question, there is
one point of the bill that did not occur to me
when it was reported, in regard to which I
desire to have his opinion. I have no doubt
about our power to originate bills repealing
taxes or reducing taxes. Clearly they cannot
be bills for raising revenue ; but in the bill
introduced by the Committee on Finance there
is a provision for the continuance of a tax
which has expired by its own limitation. It
has occurred to me that, there may be some
doubt about that, andl should like to hear the
opinion of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am rather inclined to
think that it is not within the power of the
Senate to introduce a bill to continue a tax
that has expired or will expire by its own limit-
ation. There is the difficulty of presenting
this subject in the Senate. I wish to deal with
entire frankness with the Senate. There is no
doubt about our power to reduce taxation, but
there is doubt of our power to continue the
income tax after its expiration. In my judg-
ment it is necessary to maintain, for a time at
least, the income tax; and therefore I agree
that it is better to postpone action on the Sen- ^
ate bill to reduce taxation until we have the
action of the House on the bill for that pur- -
pose since reported to the House. It now only
remains to point out those taxes which in the
opinion of the Committee on Finance ought
to be repealed, and those that ought to be re-
tained.
I have had prepared for the benefit of the
Senate a statement, now on your tables, show-
ing the precise taxes that are proposed to be
repealed and the precise taxes proposed to be
retained. The first and most oppressive form
of taxation, in my judgment most indefensible
in principle, most unusual in practice—indeed,
I know of no country that levies it except
our own, and certainly it was levied very much
against my opinion, and, I may say, also of
other members of the Committee on Finance—
is the tax on sales, which yielded us last year
$8,206,839 03. There is no objection to any
kind of tax that is not applicable to this. It
is a tax on industry; it is a tax on the most
careful, the most prudent, and the most ener-
getic of our people ; it is a license tax, a tax on
employments. It is a tax that requires espion-
age, because it is estimated by the amount of
sales, and every merchants' books must be lia-
ble to be investigated by the tax-gatherer. It is
a tax that, in my judgment, ought to be the first
of all repealed, it applies to dealers and man-
ufacturers of all kinds—plumbers, butchers,
brokers, and various employments.
The tax on gross receipts is also a most
oppressive form of taxation. It applies to the
gross receipts of corporations, transportation
companies, railroad and insurance companies.
If this tax was paid out of the accumulated
profits of those corporations it might be, in the
prosperous condition of our country, right,
enough to continue it; but this tax is at once
charged over to the individual. Every pas
sengerthat travels on a railroad pays this tax.
The law so provides in words ; and, indeed, in
some cases individuals pay several times the
amount. The street railroad companies, in
order to cover the small fraction of a cent tax
levied on them, have added one cent to their
fare. Nearly all the street railroads in the
United States have done so. So with insur-
ance companies. They alwaysadd theamount
of the tax to the premium on insurance. This
tax on gross receipts is, therefore, a tax on in-
surance and on the transportation of persons.
This tax on gross receipts yielded $6,300,098
last year. That is proposed to be repealed.
The taxes on legacies and successions have
always been invidious and odious. If they were
taxes only upon collateral inheritances, as
upon a grand-nephew who acquired an inher-
itance by the death of a remote uncle, there
would be no great sympathy for the subjects of
the tax; but the great body of the tax is levied
on the son who inherits from tbe father, the
lineal issue or ancestor, the brother or sister.
These classes of legatees pay more than two
thirds ofit; and the lineal issue, son, daughter,
or ancestor, pay nearly three fourths of all the
succession tax. So that these are taxes which
are invidious and odious, and they are taxes
most imperfectly collected. It would require
an army of officers to perambulate this vast
country to find out who died, and what was the
value of his real estate, and who inherited it,
whether by will or otherwise. So we propose
to repeal these taxes. They yielded about two
and a half million dollars last year.
The articles in schedule A, as it is called,
billiard tables, carriages, gold plate, watches,
&c., are next proposed to be relieved from tax.
In principle and theory it would be well enough
to collect that tax, but it yields us less than a
million dollars, and it is proposed to abolish
