THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
July 4;
hatuualization laws.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(EL R. No. 2201) to.amend the naturalization
laws and to punish crimes against the same, is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and the question is on the motion to
reconsider the vote on the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
Is the Senate ready for the question ?
Mr. POMEROY. I have thought that after
having 
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator from Kansas
yield to allow me to pass a little bill ?
Mr. POMEROY. With the leave of the Sen-
ator from New York, who seems to have charge
of this bill, I will yield or do anything else. I
propose to say in a fevv words, as briefly as T
can, why I think we ought not to reconsider
this vote. It was the " sober second thought"
of the Senate that passed this* amendment.
This amendment did not, pass the lirst time it
was considered. It was when we submitted it
to the Senate a second time, when my friend
from New York and other Senators came to
the relief of the measure, that it prevailed.
Now, I understand there is a motion pending
to reconsider it, and I think that motion is most
inconsiderate, because to my mind nothing
could be more inconsiderate than to settle this
question, if we are called upon to settle it,
upon any basis that is net permanent and
enduring; and any wrong settlement, any set-
tlement against the theory of our Government,
any settlement against the teachings of the
party that has carried it through the perils and
troubles of the last fevv years, cannot be con
sidered a permanent settlement. Anything
against justice is not permanent. Anything
against the rights of man on this question can-
not be permanent.
Mr. President, as this question is upon us,
it is of the highest importance that we settle
it. This question may be considered a small
one to-day. It is smaller than it will bo to-
morrow or next year. It is easy to come to a
determination, and to have the American peo-
ple reconciled to that determination now. But
let organizations spring up all over the coun-
try ; let it become an element in party politics;
have two or three canvasses before the Amer-
ican people where this element enters into the
canvass, and the excitement we had upon the
negro question will dwindle into insignificance,
in my opinion, as compared with the trouble we
shall have in regard to this Chinese question.
Mr. President, why may we not say at once,
and now, that there shall be no inequalities
among citizens? J call a man as much a citi-
zen, if he is naturalized, as though he were
born here. There ate many men and there
are some Slates that follow naturalized citizens
with inequalities and disfranchisements.
Mr. STEWART. We propose to regard
them as citizens when naturalized ; and we pro-
pose to let one naturalized citizen have as much
right as another.
Mr. POMEROY. I have undertaken to say
that I consider a naturalized citizen as much
a citizen of the United States as though lie
were born here; and why should he not be?
He came here voluntarily; he came hereto
yield himself to the molding influence of
American civilization ; became here, entered
our Army, fought our battles, identified him-
self with us in this struggle to perpetuate free
government on this continent. Why should he
not be a citizen?
Mr. NYE. Did Chinamen fight?
Mr. POMBROY. I could find you China-
men who lought. Why should not a natural-
ized foreigner be a citizen ? My friend from
Nevada says he was not born in the right
place. _ Here i.s a class of men who cannot
be citizens because they were not born in
the right place. Who is responsible for the
place of their birth? ,Not you nor me. You
were born and I was born here; but we
could not help it. I honor the man who
chooses to be an American citizen in spite of
his birth.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator does not
intend, to say that he would have been born
in China if he could have been? [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. . If the Senator from
Nevada has. not already spoken sufficiently on
this question I will yield the floor to him ; and
whenever he chooses to complete his remarks
I will go on and complete mine. It has be-
come such a practice in the Senate for one
Senator to interrupt another that no Senator
seems to feel himself at liberty not to resign
the floor; and yet it was a breach of decorum
when I first came into the Senate for one Sen-
ator to interrupt another. It was branded as
a breach of decorum ; but we have practiced
in this habit of interrupting each other until
our debates are little more than conversations
between gentlemen.
I was saying that for us to undertake in this
country to settle upon a policy that is not
founded in justice, that is not in harmony with
the genius and spirit of our institutions, is no
settlement at all; and if we could to-night
make this settlement a permanent one by
taking out the word "white" frotn the natu-
ralization laws it would be immediately acqui-
esced in by the American people. I know men
who, when we had the slavery question up,
said they were going to fight and bleed and die
to maintain slavery; but 110 sooner was it blot-
ted out than those very nien came to me and
said they would not establish it if they could.
I do not know a man or a parly in this country
that would establish human slavery 011 this
continent again if they could. What has be-
come, then, of all the blood and thunder we
used to hear against the abolition of slavery?
To-day the Senators from the Pacific coast are
no less excitable 011 this question of the natu-
ralization of Chinamen than were other friends
of ours but a few years ago on the question of
slavery; and yet if it could be settled to-night,
settled upon that basis which establishes jus-
tice and equality, which is the genius and spirit
of our institutions, the Pacific coast would
acquiesce in it; they would never think of dis-
turbing it. Revolutions of this kind never go
backward. No mau would ever think of put-
ting the word ''white" back again, and this
question would not only bo settled, but perma-
nently settled.
Now I ask the Senator from New York
what he wants to reconsider for? We have
got this amendment where it promotes a set-
tlement, where it will produce peace, where
we shall have nothing to agitato about in the
future, where the party is not in existence that,
will undertake to go backward in a revolution
of this kind.
This subject is now upon us; and the debate
which is begun in the Senate to-day, if the
question is not settled in this way, will he ex-
tended to the country and all over the land,
and division and discord will be the result:
but if the American people could see that with
one voice we made the naturalization law har-
monious with our other laws and the Constitu-
tion of the United States it would be acqui-
esced in and rejoiced in troin one end of the
country to the other.
But the Senator from Nevada urges a strong
argument against the naturalization of China-
men, and assigns two reasons for his position.
The first is that they cannot be Americanized
and do not want to be; and the second is that j
they do want to be! I do not know which hoiu
of this dilemma the Senator insists upon going
to trial 011; but if they do not want, to become
citizens, as he said in the first instance, then
there is 110 danger, because no person will be-
come a citizen involuntarily. lie has got first
to declare his intention and renounce his former
allegiance; and then he has got to wait five
years. That is some time of pupilage ; that
gives him some opportunity of instruction;
that is some time for him to assimilate himself
to the American people and the American
character. If he chooses to become an Amer-
ican citizen after coming here, and stays five
years, my opinion is that he is qualified to be
and ought to be welcome to ouf citizenship.
I of course do not refer to any class of men
whq are brought here under contracts. I do
not believe in any forced labor. I would resist
by law and in every constitutional manner I
could the importation of men against their
will who come here to degrade labor, come
here to put. themselves in competition with free
and dignified labor ; but that is not the class I
am talking of. I say that the man who comes
here voluntarily from China should be as wel-
come as though he came from any other coun-
try under heaven ; he has as much claim upon
us, and is entitled to our protection aud our
laws.
The second argument of the Senator from
Nevada was that the great crime of the China-
men was that they did not mean to die here;
that they came and remained awhile, but were
not willing to die aud be buried among us.
Well, Mr. President, suppose it be so; I do not
apprehend that to be the worst sentiment that
was ever in the human heart. Who was the
father of that immense nation called the Jews
but Jacob, who, when he went clown into Egypt,
made a perpetual decree, binding upon alt who
came after him, that his bones should be taken
buck to the land of promise. But was he less
an Egyptain? Did the Egyptians get up a con-
test with Jacob because he had determined
that his bones should not rest there?
Mr. President, that is a sacred, religious sen-
timent. I have wandered a good deal in this
country, but it has always been a cherished
sentiment of mine that, when my labors were
ended, 1 mightsome time sleep with my fathers
in the beautiful valley of the Connecticut, where
the willows bend to the breeze, and where
quiet, solitude, and loveliness characterize
every scene. . But have the people with whom
1 have associated rifen up ag-unst me because
1 have had this sentiment uf some day lying
with my fathers? I honor the Chinaman if he
is so attached to the Celestial empire that he
longs aud has determined to die and be buiied
there. And yet it is brought against him hero
in this debate, as though he could not be Amer-
icanized, could not-be a. citizen, should not
associate with us, because he wanted to sle.,-p
in that long sleep of the grave amid his fathers
and the scenes of his early life.
Then, Mr. President, in the third place, it has
been argued here that these men are pagans,
and therefore they cannot be Americanized.
Well, what does that mean? If Senators
would go to Howard University in this city
they would find there three or four Chinese
boys. Sit down with those boys, as I have
done, and ask them about the teachings of
their early childhood. They had been educated
to some extent in China, and can now speak
English. Ask one of those boys what he wor-
shiped in his fatherland. He says, "I wor-
shiped idols.'' ■' What kind of idols did you
worship?" "'The largest idol we had," said
the boy. "Why did yon worship the largest
idol you had? ' "Because my mother taught
me it was the symbol of the great God that was
above all idols." 1 did not think that, was
veiy bad paganism. He had a mother that
taught him that the idols were only ttie tilings
visible for the tilings unseen; and his idola-
try consisted in looking through the idols they
made up to the gteat God that was above idols.
Now we are told that persons possessing these
sentiments, indoctrinated into this religion,can-
not become American citizens: that, they are
idolaiors; that they are pagans. And yet, the
gospel that is preached and revered here is
twisted into a system to protect caste and pre-
judice and slavery. I say, Mr. President, that
when the gospel is distorted in that manner,
commend me to paganism. Let me be a pagan
if I have got to give adherence to a gospel that
