80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
and townships of greater extent than Rhode
Island or Delaware. We have valleys of sparse
population, and desert sections almost entirely
uninhabited. Now, the district superintendent
who would properly perforin his duty would be
compelled to appoint a different enumerator
for every mining town, every timber camp;
every collection of ranches in the valleys, and
every stage station in the desert, or else tlie
enumerator appointed fora county would be re-
quired to traverse a large extent of country and
a country destitute of railroads, where he would
be obliged to proceed on horseback, and where
his necessary expenses, not including those for
his animal, would he not less than six dollars
a day in gold. Therefore, if you wish to take
a correct census in the Pacific States and T.er-
ritories, it will be necessary to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to pay a sum sufficient
to secure the services of competent persons.
I have not introduced in the amendment any
sum which I should consider sufficient, because
I would have been compelled to state what gen-
tlemen would consider a large sum for enum-
erators in some of the western States. If left to
the discretion of the Secretary of the Interior
to do the best to advance the interest of the
Government, I shall be content. In San Fran-
sisco an enumerator might be appointed for a
little more than four dollars a day, and in the
mining towns of Nevada and Colorado for from
six to eight dollars a day; but there are places
where from ten to twenty dollars a day would
be required to pay the ordinary traveling ex-
penses, hire of horse, and to remunerate the
enumerator for his services. If it be desired to
take a correct census of the Pacific States and
Territories this amendment must be adopted.
And I hope it will be adopted, because I desire
for one that a correct census shall be taken, not
merely on my own account, but for the bene-
fit of those gentlemen who are in the habit of
asking me frequently, if not periodically, what
is the population of your Territory ? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. PETERS. I wish to amend the amend-
ment by adding the words "and in any of the
States where the duties of the enumerators shall
have been performed in districts sparsely inhab-
ited an additional allowance may be made by
the Secretary of the Interior as compensation
i 11 part or whole for the expenses in such cases.''
I do not oppose the amendment of the gentle-
inau from Nevada, [Mr. Fitch,] butwouldlike
to extend it in the way I have stated.
Mr. FITCH. I accept the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters.]
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Nevada accepts the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maine. Does the gentleman from
Maine oppose the amendment of the gentleman
from Nevada as modified?
Mr. PETERS. I wish to advocate the
amendment, as modified.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Petebs] is not in order.
Mr. PETERS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. [Laughter.] Four dollars a day is a
very small compensation when the officer gets
nothing for expenses. A farm laborer in the
State of Maine is worth on an average two
dollars a day, while a laboring man on our
rivers and in our forests gets from two to four
and five dollars a day. And it should be re-
membered that the duties to be performed by
an enumerator are of a most important char-
acter. Among other things, he has to take a
valuation of all the property in- his district,
real and personal. He has to act the part, in
fact, of an assistant assessor, and has occasion
for the exercise of great judgment and discre-
tion. Very few men fit for such a post as that
would take it for four dollars a day unless
they were very ambitious, indeed, for place.
Now, sir, the fashion in our country has been
to appoint a district enumerator, or what has
heretofore been called a district marshal, to
take the census in what would be a legislative
representative district, and in one or two coun-
ties which I represent some of those districts
are one hundred miles long and are sparsely
inhabited. The census ought to be taken in
such districts with the same care and fidelity
as in the larger communities. It is due to us
there as it is due elsewhere, or else the census
will not be valuable to us. Now, if you send
a man to peregrinate over the county of Aroos-
took for four dollars a day, when he has to pay
two dollars a day for his horse and carriage
and two dollars a day for his keeping, the result
will be that he will neglect to do his duty as it
ought to be done. It seems to me that it is safe
to trust the Secretary of the Interior in these
extreme cases to make some extra allowance,
in part or full compensation, for expenses
incurred. I should then have more faith that
the census would be properly taken.
Mr. ALLISON. _ I move to amend the
amendment by striking out a word or two any-
where, for the purpose of saying a few words
in opposition to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maine. The committee in consid-
ering this question of compensation, of course,
had a great deal of difficulty. For myself I
doubt very much whether in any State men
competent to make the enumeration as required
by this law can be procured for the sum of
four dollars per day. I doubt very much
whether it can be done inNevada, or California,
or in any of the sparsely-settled districts.^ But
if there is to be any modification of this sec-
tion, it seems to me it ought to be a general
increase of compensation of one doHar a day,
making the compensation of these enumerators
five dollars a day instead of four dollars a day.
The duties to be performed are very similar to
those now discharged by the assistant assessors
in the various districts of the United States.
Mr. LAWRENCE. How much are assistant
assessors paid in Iowa?
Mr. ALLISON. Iowa being one of the
States of the Union, the assistant assessors are
paid in Iowa what they are paid in other
States, five dollars a day.
Mr. PETERS. How many hours do they
work?
Mr. ALLISON. I cannot yield to the gen-
tleman at this moment. The compensation
paid to assistant assessors is five dollars a day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What do you
mean by " assistant assessors?"
Mr. ALLISON. Of internal revenue.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I do not mean them,
but State assessors.
Mr. ALLISON. I am referring to United
States officers.
Mr. PETERS. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that the Committee on the Cen-
sus will advocate an amendment changing the
compensation from four to five dollars a day?
Mr. ALLISON. No, sir; I do not say that;
I do not know what the committee will do. I
say that if any change at all shall be made it
should be uniform. I do not see how the
Secretary of the Interior can ascertain which
are the sparsely-populated districts. To do so
would compel him to run all over the country
for the purpose of ascertaining whether enum-
erator number one, or number one hundred,
or some other number, lives in a sparsely-pop-
ulated district or in one that is densely popu-
lated. It seems to me that if there is to be
any increase of compensation it should be a
uniform increase of so many dollars per day
and not leave this large discretion in the Sec-
retary of the Interior, because if the discretion
is exercised it will inevitably be partial in some
cases.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I would ask the
gentleman what per diem compensation the
State assessors of Iowa receive ?
Mr. ALLISON. I do not remember whether
.it is three or five dollars.
Mr. LAWRENCE. How much do they
receive in Maine?
Mr. SARGENT. While favoringthe amend-
ment of the gentleman from Nevada [Mr.
Fitch] I certainly do not wish to oppose the
proposition for a general increase of the com-
pensation of enumerators to live dollars per day
ifthatshould be the judgment of thecommittee.
But I say in regard to our Pacific States and Ter-
ritories the case is entirely exceptional; the
compensation of five dollars a day will not be
sufficient to secure the services of persons com-
petent to do this work, or even of any persons
to do the necessary traveling to perform this
duty. I presume that it was intended by the
committee in organizing the machinery of this
bill that it shall operate fairly throughout the
whole country, and that it shall bring us valu-
able results in the way of enumeration; but
it is a fact that by adopting the standard of
compensation fixed by this bill we will deprive
the Government of the necessary knowledge of
a large territorial extent of the country ; and
if we entirely defeat the purpose of this bill
for those States and Territories, then would
it not be well either not to pass the bill at
all or to remedy this defect in it as it now
stands ?
Many of the members of this House have
during the present year visited California, and
I appeal to their experience as to the expenses
of traveling there, throwing oat of view, of
course, any special facilities which by a proper
spirit of hospitality were accorded to them and
which may have- lightened their expenses. If
when they visited the beautiful Yosemite val-
ley they paid from their own pockets the hire
of the animal they rode and the price of their
meals at one dollar each, and the cost for lodg-
ing, could they make the trip for four dollars a
day in greenbacks? It would be a matter of
impossibility. Yet the route to which I have
just referred is easy, is almost a railroad, com-
pared with many of the routes which will have
to be traveled by these enumerators. As the
gentleman from Nevada [Mr. Fitch] has well
said, someof our counties—and counties would
probably be the smallest enumeration districts
that would be designated—are larger than the
State of Rhode Island; they have no railroads
runningthroughthem,andall the means of travel
are expensive. I know that in my own county
when the last census was taken one town was
not enumerated, and the excuse given was that
the compensation allowed would not permit the
deputy marshal to take the statistics of that
town. 1 believe that when the last census was
taken California had two hundred thousand
more population than was returned under that
census. The case which I have mentioned as
coming under my own observation is an illus-
tration of what happened in many other parts
of the State, especially in the sparsely-popu-
lated portions. We, of course, feel a pride in
the progress of that great and growing empire ;
and we desire to have a fair exhibition of its
present prosperity as some indication of its
future greatness. Why should we not have
accurate statistics of our population and re-
sources? Does this House wish to cut down
our representation on this floor? I believe no
gentleman here desires such a thing. But I
say that if you apply to us the same rule that
you apply in districts where the population is
compact, where the means of travel are cheap,
where the expenses of living are not so high as
with us, you cannot have a proper enumeration
in the Pacific- States or the Territories. For
* hese reasons a discretion must be lodged some-
where. As the gentleman from Nevada has
suggested, if you adopt a fixed rate of com-
pensation it may be too high in some districts,
while it will be too low in others. For instance,
in the city of San Francisco the enumeration
could be made much more cheaply than in
many parts of the State of N evada. W e must,
then, lodge a discretion somewhere ; and if my
recollection is correct the Secretary of the
Interior is the officer who under former census
acts has exercised this discretion. It is so in
your revenue laws. You provide that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall in his discretion
increase the compensation in certain States
