2336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
the matter "had beeti talked to death." Sir,
it is bettor that the resolution should be talked
to death than that the Constitution should be
voted to death.; and yet the debate had not
been prolonged, and as I believe there had been
no abuse of the privilege in any way of Sen-
ators declaring their free judgment in this case.
I believe, as the Senator from New York [Mr.
Conkling] suggests, but one day had been
occupied, with a small fraction of the day suc-
ceeding, in the debate; but we are told all
deliberation must be brushed rudely away, and
that haste must take the place of consideration,
and partyfeeling of judicial action.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to interrupt
my honorable friend j but my impression is
that the case of General Ames must have been
debated here several days.
Mr. BAYAKD, It was postponed for other
business. The debate had been of the short-
est character upon it, as I think the Globe will
show.
Mr. CONKLING. All the debate that had
occurred was on two days. It was all within
two days, and did not occupy the whole of
those.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Delaware
will allow me to say a word more. I do not
wisli to be discourteous in speaking of that
debate; but the question in this case as stated
by the Senator from New York seemed to me
to be a very simple question, upon which every
gentleman could make up bis mind readily,
though very important and involving great
questions. Its importance, certainly, as I think,
would not allow more than two days for its dis-
cussion.
Mr. BAYARD. Nothing, sir, is so simple
as truth, and nothing more difficult of ascer-
tainment; and theretoro it may be with some
impatience lo a great majority of this body
that there should be delay and hesitation on
the part of those not so easily assured as the
honorable Senator who has just taken his seat.
Sir, the proper, decorous method of proced-
ure in this body is not simply a matterof form;
it is a matter of substance, and legislation may
not properly be conducted without due respect
and regard for forms and legislative traditions,
and how has that been violated in this body of
late I Why, sir, in the ease of the bill for the
admission of the State of Texas, the action of
this body could be compared to nothing else
or nothing less than that whieh sometimes
occurs in the British Parliament, and is termed
a vote of want of confidence in the ministry.
Distinctly and plainly the Senate in their ac-
tion in respect to the bill to admit the Staloof
Texas, voted a " want of confidence" in the
Committee on the Judicial'}', who had that sub-
ject under consideration, and did it notwith-
standing the distinct and rational explanation,
on the part of the distinguished Senator who
stands at the head of that committee, of the
causes of delay in making the report. The
bill was by a vote of the Senate rudely or-
dered out of the hands of the committee, and
without report, pressed in hot, indecent haste
through the Senate, and an accession of two
votes to the Administration gained at the cost
of all parliamentary courtesy and decorum.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin, a
member of the Committee op the Judiciary,
[Mr. Cabpexter,] declared with too much
truth that he had felt of late that the J udiciary
Committee was a useless branch of the body,
and belonged to a state of things which he
feared was passing away. What followed 011
the day after he made that remark would have
been a sad justification for his remark in its
full force; nay, sir, with full knowledge of
what he was speaking of, with full knowledge
of those of whom he spoke, he declared that in
this question involving the admission of a Sen-
ator to a seat in this Chamber, a simple judi-
cial question, "we"—meaningby that the Sen-
ate of the United States—''' were being pushed
and crowded by party leaders in hot haste into
a determination of this question'' which in his
judgment would violate both the letter and the
spirit of the Constitution. He followed that
with earnest and eloquent remarks as to the
sanctity of the oath which has been taken by
each member, and declared that the violation
of the spirit of the Constitution, whether by
quibble or perversion, was quite as evil as the
violation of its simple letter. Not only did he
adjure the majority of this body, those whom
he termed the party leaders of that party to
which he is attached, to abstain from this vio-
lation of the Constitution, but he showed them
that there was an absence even of party neces-
sity for this act; that it was an act of gratui-
tous disrespect to the fundamental law and the
statutes of our land.
In vain was it that that eloquent Senator
assured his party associates in this body that
the Senate of the U-nitod States hold more
than two-thirds majority in their favor; that
the Legislature of Mississippi wai even more
strongly pronounced in favor of their party
measures, and that it needed but-the mere
delay of a few days to have this operation of
the election of a Senator done over again, and
the technicalities raised in the case in relation
to the inhabitancy of the party-claimant at the
time of his election would bo done away with,
and he could come hero, in form at least, in
the letter of the law at least, legally elected.
But, sir, there was one element of human
character that Senator overlooked. lie forgot
the force of habit—habitthat can almost change
the stamp of nature. The habit of indulgence
in party feeling will grow upon a man or a set
of men so strongly that involuntarily, gratui-
tously, without any inducement worthy of the
name, still tho habit will bo indulged. There
is an instance of that force of habit which
occurred to me at tho time of the honorable
Senator's appeal, related by Mr. Henry Field-
ing in his history of a very illustrious man,
"Jonathan Wild the Great" and the Count
La Ruse, I will read as an illustration of the
tendency I refer to. These two friends, Jon-
athan Wild and Count La Ruse, " sat down to
cards, a circumstance whieh I should not have
mentioned but for tho sake of observing the
prodigious force of habit; for though the count
know if he won ever so much of Mr. Wild ho
should not receive a shilling, yet could he not
refrain from packing the cards; nor could Wild
keep his hands out of his friend's pockets,
though he knew there was nothing in them."
This, then, is a case of the force of habit,
of the gratuitous but almost involuntary action
which can bring no possible profit and only
can recoil on those who indulge it.
Now, sir, as to the eligibility of the party-
claimant, who comes modestly to claim the
seat to which he has under his own major gen-
eral's hand certified himself as being entitled.
It is a question of law, and it is not entirely in
this case a technical question. There are sub-
stantial objections to his admission to this
body under the certificate which, in tny mind,
operates still more strongly against his admis-
sion than many of those which have been
debated; and the report of the committee,
accurate though I esteem it, entirely willing
as I am to subscribe to its result, would have
been to me more satisfactory had they given
more of the reasons which led them to their
conclusion.
Now, what are the requirements for mem-
bership in this body? That the man shall be
thirty years old, that he shall have been a citi-
zen of the United States for nine years, and
that at the time of his election he shall have
been an inhabitant of the State from which he
is chosen. As to age I believe there is no
doubt. The committee inform us that this
party-claimant was born in 1835. As to citi-
zenship of nine years we find not only by their
report that he was a native-born citizen of the
State of Maine, but we find by the Army Regis-
ter that he went to West Point from the State
of Maine, and on the Army records he con-
tinues to this day registered as of and from
the State of Maine. There, then, was by the
record his legal domicile ; and so far as this
Senate knows at this time, by all the evidence
he never had any other. _
The objection, then, is that when elected
this party was not an inhabitant of the State
of Mississippi in the sense intended by the
Constitution. I do not propose to fatigue the
Senate by repeating the definitions of this word
'' inhabitant'' by the lexicographers, which have
been heretofore in this debate given in abun-
dance ; but I would remark, with due respect to
those honorable gentlemen who form the com-
mittee and whose report I am now attempting to
sustain, that in my opinion they have eonccded
too much by arguing this question of inhabit-
ancy by the authorities and upon the principle
applicable to the legal word " domicile." I
think ill that respect, although they have en-
tirely sustained themselves upon the legal ques-
tion, at tho same time it has been in some
degree by concessions, by some loss_ of the
strength and meaning of the term "inhabit-
ant;" and tho meaning of that word and the
intention which placed it in the Constitution
has never been appreciated by any of the gen-
tlemen who have argued that the requirements
of the Constitution have been satisfied by the
party claimant in this case.
There was a time in the history of this coun-
try when Congress was not so impatient to come
to a vote as it was anxious to arrive at just
conclusions. The case which we are now to
consider of an officer in the Army of the United
States, being under military orders, and under
those orders, and under those orders alone,
residing in a certain portion of the territory of
tho United States, or in one of the States of
the Confederacy, undertaking upon the strength
of that residence to claim the right as an in-
habitant to be elected to a civil office or to a
seat in this body—this case happily is without
precedent. I trust it may never have a second
illustration.
The case t>f John Bailey was considered in
the Eighteenth Congress in tho year 1321 with
great elaboration. I havo never been able to
find any principle laid down by the committee
in their report questioned by any succeeding
committee of Congress. On the contrary, I
think 1 may safely aver that the doctrines of
the report of that committee of 1824 have been
followed ever since, and as late as 1803, in the
case of Piggott, affirmed by the House of Rep-
resentatives. I therefore think I am justified
in raying that the propositions of law contained
in that report stand as the unquestioned doc-
trine of the American Congress on this matter
of the meaning of the word "inhabitant" ap-
plied to a proposed member of either body of
Congress. The committee said:
"The difficulty attending tho interpretation of
constitutional provisions which depend on the con-
struction of a particular word renders it necessary
io a complete explication, to obtain, if possible, a
knowledge of tho reasons which influenced tho
i'ramors of tho Constitution in the adoption and use
of tile word 'inhabitant,' and to make an endeavor
at ascertaining, as far as practicable, whether they
in tondedit to apply, according to its common accept-
ation, to the persons whose abode, living, ordinary
habitation, or homo should be within the Stato in
winch they should be chosen, or, on tho contrary,
according to some uncommon or technical meaning.
In what sense this word was intended to apply can
only bo determined by reference to the Constitution
itself; but some light may perhaps be thrown on tho
subject by consulting the history of tho times in
which that Constitution was formed."
They then pass to a consideration of the
point of departure between the two parties
existing in the earlier periods of the Govern-
ment, the one insisting upon the consolidation
of all forces within the Federal grasp, and the
other seeking to decentralize the Government
and reserve all powers not expressly delegated
to Congress within the States themselves. I
shall not fatigue the Senate by reading that
portion of the report.
" In connection with this''-—
That is the question in regard to decentral-
ization or consolidation—
" In connection with this there was still another
