1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1393
sideration ; but the Chair understood he was I
about to modify them. !
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let thera be
taken separately.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the first amendment of the Senator
from Vermont.
The Chief Clerk read the first amendment
of Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, which was at the
end of section four to insert:
And the persons herein named as corporators and
ali other persons subscribing to the capital of said
corporation shall be held personally liable for the
debts thereof.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator to let us
pass over that amendment at this time, as I
want to offer a substitute for it; the other
amendments I do not think I disagree with. I
hope that course will betaken if it is agreeable
to the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Entirely so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
will be informally passed over, and the Secre-
tary will report the next amendment of the
Senator from Vermont.
The next amendment of Mr. Morrill, of
Vermont, was in section six, after the word
"exhibition" in line six, to insert "after the
consent of said cities and county shall have
been obtained by a submission of the propo-
sition to a popular vote of the people."
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator from Ver-
mont to withdraw that amendment, upon the
ground that I will offer an additional section
to the bill which I think meets his views much
wore fully; and I send it to the desk that the
Senator irom Vermont may see what it is, and
1 ask that it be read for information.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
.section will be read for information.
The Secretary read as follows :
And be it further enacted, That the sixth section of
this act shall be submitted to the legal voters of tho
cities of Washington andGeorgetown andthecounty
of Washington, at a meeting to be called and held
within sixty days from the passage of this act, for
their approval or rejection. Those voting in favor of
the same shall so express it by a ballot with tho word
"yes thereon ; and those opposed to the same the
word " no." And if a, majority of two thirds of those
voting iu each of said cities and county shall be in
favor of the same, then said cities and county, or
,-ueh as respectively so vote in favor of said section,
Aall be, and hereby are, authorized to make said sub-
feription as set forth in said section. And the regis-
ter of voters used respectively in the cities of Wash-
in?ton and Georgetown at the last election in each
may be used for the purpose of the meeting herein
named.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Maine that the
section sent to the desk by him does not indi-
cate who shall fix the day when this election
shall be held. The Secretary will report the
next amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
The Chief Clekk. The next amendment
of the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
is in section seven, lines three and four, to
strike out the words "as soon as practicable
without sacrificing the same," and to insert
" within one year from the time said exhibition
shall be open to the public."
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 can see no objection to
that amendment. I hope it will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment of the Senator
from Vermont.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
of the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
is in section eight, lines two and three, to strike
out the words "as soon as all its business has
heen finally settled,'' and to insert "within
one year and a half from the opening thereof;"
so ae to read :
That after tho exhibition has been closed, and
within one year and a half from the opening thereof,
the directors shall submit to the Secretary of State
a report of their proceedings, &c.
Mr. HAMLIN. I can see no objection to
rtiat amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 88.
The next amendment of Mr. Morrill, of
Vermont was in section nine, lines twelve and
thirteen, to strike out the words "four years
from the date of the approval of this act," and
to insert " one year and a half from the time
of opening said exhibition."
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to make a sugges-
tion to the Senator from Vermont with regard
to that amendment. If a structure should be
erected here it will be comprehensive; and I
should think that two years would not certainly
bo an unreasonable time within which to dis- •
pose of it. The bill now stands four years. I
suggest to the Senator from Vermont, if he
will not amend his amendment, to make the
time two years, and then I will agree with him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
objection to so modify the amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thenextamend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment of
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] is
in section ten, after the word "returned" in
line fourteen, to insert "at the expense of the
exhibitors or of the corporation hereby created,
as may be mutually agreed so as to read :
That at the close of the exhibition the goods shall
bo repacked, sealed, and returned, at tho expense
of the exhibitors or of tho corporation hereby cre-
ated, as may bo mutually agreed, to tho port of entry
at which they were originally received, for reex-
portation, or to such other port a3 the Secretary of
the Treasury may designate, and under such rules
as he may adopt.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am very clearly of the
opinion that such is the bill now. The lan-
guage is therefore unnecessary, in my judg-
ment. It can do no harm, however, and if
the Senator from Vermont has a different
opinion I hope it will be agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I insist upon
the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment is
in section ten, line twenty-one, after the words
"United States," to insert "and shall not
be reexported within one year after the open-
' ing of said exhibition ' so as to read :
! But if any such goods shall be sold during tho
| exhibition, or at its close, for delivery in the United
States, and shall not be reexported within one year
after the opening of said exhibition, they shall bo
I subjecttothesame duties asif imported in the ordi-
nary manner; such duties to be collected in such
mode as the Secretary of tho Treasury shall pre-
scribe.
Mr. HAMLIN. I see no objection to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thenextamend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont will be
read.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is at the end of section ten, after the word
" prescribe," to insert:
And the United States shall have a lien on such
goods until said duties shall have been paid, and
in case of sale and removal from tho place of exhi-
bition without payment of said duties the corpora-
tion hereby granted shall be holden therefor.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont will be
read.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is in section fourteen, line three, after the word
"reservation," to insert:
The Secretary of the Interior may authorize the
use and occupancy thereof, if he shall deem it not
inconsistent with the public interests, for the pur-
poses and aoeording to the terms herein set forth.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest
that all after the words printed in italics should
be stricken out.
The Chief Clerk. The section, if this
amendment is adopted, will then read :
That if the directors of the company shall elect to
erect the exhibition building on any public reserva-
tion tho Secretary of tho Interior may authorize the
use and occupancy thereof, if ho shall deem it not
inconsistent with the public interests, for the pur-
poses and according to the terms herein set forth.
It being proposed to strike out all the remain-
ing words of the section.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope that portion of the
section will not bestricken out,becauseit leaves
it then discretionary with the Secretary whether
any site shall be furnished. I think the pro-
visions of this bill make so slight a demand
upon the Government that they may well be
justified if we pass the bill at all. I hope,
therefore, that the amendment will not 'be
adopted, but that we shall grant to the company,
if the bill shall pass, a square of ground upon
which their works may be erected.
Mr. THURMAN. Is it in order to move
that this bill be indefinitely postponed?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. THURMAN. I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Ohio will suspend the Chair will suggest
to the Senator from Vermont that his amend-
ment be in two parts: first, to strike out the
words beginning with " which" inline six, and
then to insert the words which have been read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first vote,
then, will be on inserting the words in italic?.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 will not
make the motion in separate parts myself. I
prefer that my amendment should stand as it ir!.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This question is
on striking out all after the word "reservation"
in line three of the fourteenth section, and
inserting what is to be found in italics and has
been read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It will be seen
by looking at this section that it involves a very
indefinite amount of expenditure. It provides
that the reservation maybe "improved, prop-
i erly graded, prepared, and laid out in suitable
: walks and roads, and provided with such proper
i gates and approaches as maybe necessary for
I the use of foot passengers and vehicles," and
I for providing "a practicable and sightly
• avenue of communication between said reser-
! vation and Pennsylvania avenue, or other main
j street or avenue in the city of Washington.'1
j Certainly, it seems to me that unless the
I United States are prepared at once to take
charge of this whole exposition and foot the
; bill, whatever it may cost, Senators would not
I be prepared to vote for such an indefinite prop-
i osition as this. I do not know who is to super-
! intend this matter, what artist is to have the
1 design of making these walks and gates, who
is to lay out the grounds and decorate them.
\ It seems to me that if there is anything at all
, objectionable in this bill it is to be found here.
I think there are a great many objections to
the bill, and this is one of its chief objections.
: I do not know what public square would be
, selected for the purpose of this exposition, but
' it might involve a large amount for the mere
J grading of it; grading land that is not already
! level is a very expensive operation. I am not
aware of the ground that would be likely to be
selected. Then, in addition to that, if it is to
be laid out and decorated as the grounds were
at the Paris exposition, and I suppose that our
people here expect to even excel and surpass
the Paris exhibition in their display; but if it
is to be laid out as that was, and decorated
with all sorts of artistic effects, flowers, and
walks provided both for carriages and foot
passengers, and a sightly avenue opened to
Pennsylvania avenue or some other main street
in the city, of course it involves a very large
amount of expense. I therefore trust that this
section will be stricken out.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator from
Vermont will withdraw his amendment so as
to allow me to move to indefinitely postpone
this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. That is not necessary :
the Senator can make his motion now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion
has priority of an amendment.
