1869.
THE CONGKESSIGNAL GLOBE.
• 8fc
and Territories. I have barely a moment to
speak or I should trace the comparison between
these enumerators and the assessors and as-
sistant^ assessors^ under the internal revenue
laws. .The detectives under the internal revenue
laws are paid in California from eight to ten
dollars a day and traveling expenses; assessors
are paid eight dollars a day, with very little duty
todo in the way of traveling. If we are to have
the census taken, give us the means by which
it is to be taken properly.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON, by unaniYnous consent,with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew it; and I do it
for the purpose of calling the attention of the
House to a feature in connection with this
general subject now under consideration. In
some remarks I had the honor of making the
other day I invited the attention of the House
totbe fact that the compensation provided by
this bill is limited, and will be somuch, neither
more nor less. It is in fact a premium on
indolence, and will so operate.
Then, again, the allowance is too small; it
is inadequate. I grant that men enough will
be found who -will undertake it for this price.
There are those who would do it for consider-
ably less, and their services would not probably
be worth even the little they might receive; l'or,
sir, if this bill is to have any vitality, if it is to
be worth a farthing, it will depend on the effi-
ciency and ability-of this class of officers. If
they are inefficient and unfaithful the whole
work will fail absolutely. Therefore we must
get a class of officers who are competent in the
first place. And, sir, it is not merely sufficient
that they shall be able to go around from houso
to house; not merely sufficient that they shall
be able to read and write, so as to make entries
upon the schedules; they should have that sort
of intelligence to enable them to understand
the scope of this bill, ^ich has taken so much
labor tostudyandperfect—men whocan under-
stand what is to be done and able to explain
it. We propose to pay such men four dollars
a day. Wo know that the common mechanics
of the country—masons, carpenters, bricklay-
ers, plasterers—receive higher compensation,
while these men will have only employment for
about sixty days.
Then, again, there is no stimulus hero, to
activity and industry. In the previous law
that was carefully provided for. And in order
that the House may see what is tlio law as to
compensation as it now stands, 1 will send to
the Clerk's desk the act of 1850, and ask that
sections twelve and thirteen thereof be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Sec. 12. Andbeii further enacted, Thai each assist-
ant shall be allowed, as compensation for his services,
after the rate of two eonts for caeh person enumer-
ated, and ten cents a mile for necessary travel, to be
ascertained by multiplying the square.root ol the
number of dwelling-houses in tho division by the
square root of the number of square,miles in oach
division, and the product shall be taken as the num-
ber of imles traveled for all purposes in talcing this
census. . ,
"Sec. 13. And be it further enactca, Ihat. m addi-
tion to the compensation allowed for the enumera-
tion of the inhabitants there shall be paid for each
farm fully returned ten cents; for oach establish-
ment of productive industry fully taken and re-
turned, fifteen cents; for 'the social statistics, two
per cent, upon the amount allowed for tho enumer-
ation of population; and for each name of adoeeiised
person returned, two cents: Provided,.however, -that
in making returns of faims and .establishment* ot
productive industry the instructions, given by tho
Secretary of the Interior must be strictly observed,
and no allowance shall bo made for any returns not
authorized by such instructions, nor for any returns
not limited to tho year next preceding the 1st ol
June next."
Mr. MAYNARD. I may mention that if I
am 'enabled to obtain the floor I shall submit
an amendment which I have now in my desk,
prepared in consultation with the gentleman
irom Rhode Island, [Mr. Jenckes,] which
seeks to incorporate in the present bill the
principle of the sections of the law just read,
so that the officers shall bo paid in part in pro-
portion to the amount of labor they have done.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman state
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 6.
what compensation is made in Tennessee for
local assessors under State authority ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I am not aware that we
have any such officers.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Who obtains the returns
of taxable property ?
Mr. MAYNARD. It is done through the
machinery of the county courts, by the clerks
of the counties. It is one of their duties. It
is an entirely different machinery to this.
Mr. LAWRENCE. What is their compens-
ation ?
Mr. MAYNARD. Their compensation is
very large. It is different in different counties;
but that would throw no light upon this subject
at all.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JENCKES. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of  the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Maynabd.] It seems to me that we have fallen
into an error in this debat.ein taking it for gran ted
that these officers called "enumerators" will
be employed and paid for a definite term of
sixty days, and lhat thoy must be traveling
about within certain circumscriptions during
that whole period. Now, I presume that if the
district superintendent understands his busi-
ness at all ho will in such a State as California
make one of thoBe large farms that have been
referred to a district, constitute the proprietor
of it the enumerator, and send blanks to him
with the statement that he must (ill them up
and return them within two or three days, and
thus instead of $240 being paid to the enumer-
ator, only eight, twelve, or sixteen dollars will
be paid. By thus increasing the number of
enumerators the distance they have to travel
will be lessened. The principal business of a
district superintendent, from the time of his
appointment down to the time of issuing the
blanks to the enumerators and special deputies,
will bo to divide off the congressional' district
which constitutes his district into districts small
enough so that tho whole census can he taken,
not only within the month of dune, hut within
a portion of the month, limiting the time
employed and tho pay, not to sixty days, but
to six days if possible.
Let us look at tho figures, to see what will be
the expense of taking the census. We shall
have two hundred and iifty district superintend-
ents ; they will average one hundred and fifty
days apiece, making $1,200 each. The district
superintendents will therefore cost $306,000.
Thou, if wo have one enumerator for every ten
thousand inhabitants, which would be a low
ratio for tho densely-populated portions of the
country and a very high one for the sparsely-
populated districts, we will have four thousand
of these enumerators, assuming the entire pop-
ulation to he forty millions. Certainly one
competent enumerator can on the average take
ten thousand people in thirty days. The com-
pensation of these four thousand enumerators
would bo $960,000, and the entire expense of
those officers under this bill would be $1,26G,-
000. Now, I venture to assert that if the
proposition of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynakd] should be adopted the expense
would bo reduced at least one third under this
bill. Give totbeseenumeratorsasumsufficient
to pay their necessary traveling expenses, say
three dollars per day, which is not more than
enough to pay for a horse and wagon suitable
for the purpose, and then pay them at the same
rate that was paid for taking the census of 1850
and 1860. In that way we will not swell the
expenses for these officers alone to $1,300,000,
and we will get more satisfactory returns.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I renew the
amendment to tho amendment, for the pur-
pose of saying a few words on the subject of
compensation. The reading of the rule of
the old law of compensation, if it was listened
to by the House, must exhibit very fully, it
seems to me, the complicated character of
that method of compensation, There were no
less than six or seven principles of compensa-
tion, and not the least curious among them
was that which requires them first to find the
number of square miles in any given subdi-
vision ; which, by the way, is a very difficult
thing to do. I will here remark that nothing
is more curious than to study the efforts being
made in the old settled countries of Europe to
find the number of square miles in those
countries. Napoleon I did not know within
one fifth whaf the real size of France was, nor
is it now known with any very great accuracy;
and here in o.ur unsettled and unmeasured
territory is a rule that the number of square
miles must be found in each district; then the
square root of that number of mjles ; then the
whole number of dwellings in the district, and
the square root of the number of dwellings;
then the two square roots are multiplied to-
gether, and the product of that multiplication
multiplied by ten, to give the number of cents
that the person shall have for a certain class
of work performed in the way of enumeration.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Would it not, in the judg-
ment of the gentleman, be agood test as to the
qualifications of an enumerator to require him
to ascertain what his compensation would be
under such a rule? [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no doubt
it would be a very severe preliminary examina-
tion, and perhaps my friend from Rhode Island
[Mr. Jenckes] would be willing to incorporate
that in his civil service bill as a universal test
to be applied to every applicant for office.
Mr. JENCKES, Mostof the men you would
get for four dollars a day would break down
under such a test.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say a few words in relation to this question of
compensation as regards especially the Pacific
coast. And I would in the first place remark
to myfriendfrom Rhodelslaod that his method
of having an enumerator for every mine or
every farm would so largely increase the num-
ber of officials as to defeat the economy sought
by this bill.
I think that in those districts where the officer
can ho at home every night, carrying his dinner
with him every day and returning home in the
evening, four dollars a day, or perhaps a smaller
sum, would be sufficient pay. In some of the
small New England States where, as I am in-
formed, a man can leave the capital, go to the
boundary of the State, and return in the evening
of the same day, or where he can go all over a
congressional district in one day, these officers
could no doubt get along on a compensation of
$2 60 or even $1 50 a day. But this summer
I traveled with Governor Seward from San
Diego to San Francisco overland by way of
Los Angelos, a distance of about six hundred
miles, the journey consuming ten days, and one
day we traveled one hundred and twenty miles.
Now, in that section of the country, unless
we propose to assign an enumerator for every
farm, we must allow this officer pay enough to
enable him to hire a horse and to pay the ex-
pense of keeping that horse as well as his own
expenses. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Marshall] informs methatin travelingthrough
that country this summer it cost him fifteen dol-
lars a day for his absolutely necessary expenses.
And we cannot fix a figure that would be suffi-
cient for these officers in those districts without
making it too great in other sections. We must
leave a discretion, it seems to me, in the Sec-
retary of the Interior. We must trust some
one in this matter.
Let me say that I applaud the remark of tlie
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynabd,]
that this is not the place to begin to save, in
the case of the enumerators. We want the best
men to do the work. You had better cut down
the pay of the men who are paid largely than
the men who have tho work to do, so that we
may have men of skill and talent employed to
gather these facts. Fonr dollars a day is wholly
insufficient to a man who is to go out for only
