1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
41st Cong...-.2d Sess.
Receipts and Expenditures—Mr. Sherman.
Senate.
it. It throws upon assessors a vast amount
of work, and does not compensate for the ex-
penses of collection. We propose to repeal that,
and leave the watches and gold and silver plate,
which yield us very little, to the State authorities.
The tax on passports, which is continued in
the House bill, yields but $29,453. It is an
invidious tax, and there is no occasion for con-
tinuing it; it is too small.
The tax on salaries of United States em-
ployes is a grossly unequal tax as it is now
levied; because a clerk who is employed in the
Departments here does not get the benefit of
a deduction for the rent, taxes, and other ex-
emptions allowed to other incomes. It denies
to our own officers the same exemptions allowed
to all other persons on their income tax. It is
proposed, therefore, by the Senate bill to repeal
this tax by name, and to require the person re-
ceiving an income from the Government in the
way of salary to include it in his general return,
so that if he pays an income tax, he pays an
income tax on his salary at the same time that
he pays it on other income.
The tax on banks and bankers, and all the
special taxes, I may say, amounting to nearly
ten million dollars, it is proposed to sweep
entirely oat of existence.
The chief difference between the Senate bill
and the House bill to reduce taxes is that the
House bill preserves a considerable number of
the special taxes. The House bill proposes to
retain the tax on banks and bankers, billiard-
rooms, bowling-alleys, brokers, claim agents,
and a vast number of others. The Finance
Committee, however, were of opinion that it
was better to strike out the whole list of spe-
cial taxes, excepting the taxes on whisky and
tobacco. The result of this will be a reduction
of revenue of about ten million dollars, but it
gives vast relief to every branch of industry.
There is no tax so unequal, with perhaps the
exception of the tax on sales, as this tax called
the special or license tax. It levies the same
rate on the poor lawyer who travels twenty
miles for a fee of ten dollars as it does on the
lawyer of the highest rank in the profession,
like Mr. Bvarts, or any one whose income is
thirty or forty thousand dollars a year. It is
impossible to continue this system of taxation
without continuing gross inequality. The Fi-
nance Committee, therefore, propose to repeal
the whole mass of these taxes. The result will
be to throw out of employment, in our judg-
ment, nearly two thirds of all the assistant
assessors and deputy collectors in the United
States, diminishing largely the machinery for
the collection of taxes, and abolishing at one
stroke nearly all the taxes that come home to
the people of the UnitedStat.es. We propose,
also, to modify the income tax, which T wijl
explain more fully hereafter.
This reduction, according to the plan pro-
posed by the Committee on Finance, is, upon
the basis of last year's returns, $43,597,774;
but upon the basis of the actual receipts for
the current year would be $46,000,000. My
own impression is that to this there ought to be
added the repeal of the tax on gas, which
yielded $2,000,000, and the repeal of the stamp
'ax on receipts and various forms of minor
tamps, amounting to about two million dollars
move, making an aggregate reduction of about
fitty million dollars. This would then sweep out
of existence all the taxes levied by the internal
revenue service upon everything except spirits,
tobacco, fermented liquors, larger stamps, and
a small income tax, leaving unrepealed taxes to
the amount of §110,441,000.
The tax on spirits yields us about fifty mil-
lion dollars a year; and in my judgment it
ought to be made to yield $00,000,000, and
gradually increased as frauds are cnt off and
consumption goes on. The tax on tobacco is
constantly increasing in its yield. It is now
$30,000,000. And these two taxes on spirits
and tobacco, together with the tax on fer-
mented liquors, over six million dollars, are
paid without complaint in every part of the
United States. I have no doubt the system
of collecting these taxes can be simplified.
My own judgment, after careful examination
of the whole subject, is that while the rate of
taxation ought not to be increased, the man-
ner of taxing can be simplified and changed
very much indeed. But at any rate the com-
mittee do not propose to interfere with any
tax now levied on whisky, tobacco, or beer,
leaving them to stand on the present system
of taxation until we can have time to make a
careful and full revision of the whole system.
The tax on spirits is now levied in four dif-
ferent forms: first, a tax of fifty cents a gallon;
next, a tax of four dollars a barrel; next, a spe-
cial tax on sales; and again, on liquor dealers,
yielding on the average about seventy cents a
gallon. It may be that after a short expe-
rience it may be found better to combine all
these taxes and levy them at once. We do not
propose to interfere either with the amount or
the mode and manner of collecting these taxes.
They will be left undisturbed for the present.
The bill of the Committee on Finance strips
the revenue service of the vast machinery,
which in the nature of things interferes with
the daily business of life, and disbands or re-
moves from sight the army of revenue officers.
The taxes on spirits and tobacco will be col-
lected at the distilleries and manufactories—
the stamp tax collects itself—and/the income
tax is an annual assessment, similar to the
annua! tax on personal property'levied by the
States. The appearance of the tax collector
will only be necessary in the few special sub-
jects of taxation still retained. The income
tax will be acquiesced in as the tribute of
property for the services and sacrifices of the
brave men who saved our country.
There has been a great deal of clamor against
the income tax. It is the same clamor that
induced the Parliament of England in 1816 and
1817 to repeal the income tax. When a little
colloquy occurred here the other day between
the honorable Senator from California [Mr.
Casserly] and myself on that subject, I told
him that when the proper time came I would
show that this tax was sustained by principle,
by writers on political economy, by the expe-
rience of Great Britain, and that it isjast, and
the most just and equitable tax that is now
levied by the United States of America, with-
out an exception. I propose to make good
that promise.
Mr. President, what is the basis of taxation ?
As laid down by the great author of political
economy, Adam Smith, it is that a man ought
to pay exactly according to his income. That
axiom was laid down before the income tax
was devised by William Pitt. Every man ought
to pay according to his income. All the dis-
tinctions that are endeavored to be made now
were then pointed out. The first time the
income tax was levied in England was in 1797.
Sir William Pitt, when driven by the sad neces-
sities of the war with France, was called upon
to devise new systems of taxation. There was
a vast deficit, and the credit of that powerful
nation was struggling. He first proposed in
1797 what is called assessed taxation, taxes on
land and property—to take what a man was
worth and levy a tax on that. It was found alter
one or two years' experiment that it entirely
failed, for there were gross frauds committed,
and it was impossible to ascertain the exact
value of a until's property, and this system of
assessed taxes was abandoned.
Then it was, after an elaborate speech, which
meets and answers every objection that has
since been made to the income tax in practice,
that he proposed a tax of ten per cent, on all
the incomes of Great Britain. After a debate
running through days and weeks the income tax
was adopted. For years such a tax was levied
by Great Britain, falling- alone upon the
wealthy people of that kingdom. For two
years, I believe, itwas maintained at that rate,
and then lowered about the time of the peace
of Amiens, and then raised again ; and during
the whole war, with very little variation, there
was an income tax levied of ten per cent, on
all the incomes of Great Britain ; and during
that time, as history shows, there was vast and
unequaled prosperity in England.
After the war was over a great clamor for
repeal of the income tax came from the prop-
erty-holder3 of Great Britain. They said that
during the war they had paid the income tax
willingly, because they feared the aggressions
of the French democracy more than taxation.
They were willing to pay an income tax to pre-
serve their privileges and immunities. After
the war was over they then insisted ou piling
all the burdens of Government on consump-
tion, which is a tax on the poor. They repealed
the income tax and assessed nearly all taxes
on excises and imports. They said the true sub-
ject of taxation was not property or income,
but consumption. Well, what is a tax on con-
sumption? Why, sir, you or I use as much
tea, coffee, and sugar as the wealthiest man in
the United States. It takes just as much to
satisfy our wants and the wants of the poorest
of our citizens as the richest. A tax on con
sumption, therefore, is in its nature an un-
equal tax; you cannot make it equal. It
takes a greater proportion of the earnings or
income of the poor man to pay taxes for the
absolute necessaries of life than it does for the
articles consumed by Mr. Astor or Mr. Stewart.
The only discrimination in our tax laws that
will reach wealthy men as against the poorer
classes of people is the income tax. There
is no other tax on property levied by the Uni-
ted States of America. The tax ou legacies
and successions, which was in the nature of a
property tax, is about to be repealed by the
agreement of the committees of both Houses ;
and the income tax is the only tax levied by us
that bears upon property in any shape or man-
ner. All the rest, of our taxes, both internal
and external, are taxes on consumption.
Now, according to every true theory of
taxation, a large portion of the taxes ought
to fall upon property or income derived from
property. We cannot levy a property tax
under our system, because the Constitution
requires the property tax to be apportioned
among the States according to population.
As this would be grossly and manifestly un
equal to the new States and new communities,
the only mode in which we can reach properi v
is by an income tax; and therefore it is that
the income tax is paid by comparatively few
persons in the large cities. I do not find fan!'
with them because they complain of it; but if
they would see that it was their property and
their rights and their income that was saved
by the operation of the war, and that most of
the people who pay the taxes on consumption
necessarily pay nine tenths of all the taxes,
the property-holders and wealthy people ot
this country ought not to complain if we deem
it necessary to maintain this tax even at live
percent., instead of, as we propose, at three
per cent.
The whole aggregate of our taxes, as I have
shown you, is $893,000,000 ; and we levy only
§37,000,000 of that upon property, or the in-
come from property. We levy nine tenths of
all our taxes upon food and clothing and tiio-H
things which are consumed by the use of them
For property-holders, wealthy people, tlios-c
who derive a large income from their pro-
fession or employment, from their brains oi
intellect, to complain of this tax, it seems to
me. is very unjust.
Mr. BAYAHD. I should like to ask tli-
honorable Senator from Ohio whether he place -
