82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
thirty or fifty days away from his regular em-
ployment. In order that we may secure the skill
necessary to have the work well done we must
pay these men enough toobtain the best talent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent withdrew his amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move that
the committee lise for the purpose of closing
debate.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I renew the amendment
for the purpose of saying that it seems to me
the principle upon which these enumerators
should be paid is this: give them per diem
sufficient, and no more than is sufficient, to pay
their reasonable expenses in place of all this
square-root computation. I do not like the
precise language of the old law. It is much
easier tocompute what is the reasonable expense
and put it in the bill than to arrive at it by
any complicated process of after computation.
Almost every one of these enumerators must
have a horse and wagon to travel about his cir-
cumscription ; if so, the expense of that and all
his other expenses of that sort should be paid.
Then he should be paid besides for his services.
The question arises what is the best way in
which to pay it. This bill provides a per diem,
out of which he must pay his expenses and
from which he must save enough to compensate
him for his own services. Let me say to the
House that it is impossible to obtain the full
services, the day's work, by such a mode of
compensation. It is best to let skilled men do
it by piecework for certain wages. If we have
new men in any kind of industry for special
work the only way is to employ them by piece-
work at a certain compensation. Such was the
system adopted in taking the last census. It
was there provided that the officer should be
paid for the work he did ; it was provided that
lie should be paid so much for the return of a
farm, so much for the return of a factory, so
much for each return called for by the act. It
seems tome that that is the true way of paying.
The gentleman from California [Mr. Sar-
gent] says that the head of one of these large
farms may return too many men. But in any
case he is the man who must make the return,
and the enumerator will have no time to verify
it and to see how many men are scattered over
a farm forty miles in extent. It would be im-
possible for him to do so. He must take the
returns furnished by the principal. And so
as regards the number of persons employed in
a factory, the enumerator must take the returns
of the employer or of the person who keeps
the books. So, too, as regards the returns
from railroads and any of the industries to be
inquired into under this bill. When we are to
obtain the return, first of the party who fills up
the schedule, and then ofthe enumeratorshow-
ing the sufficiency of that return, it seems to
me that thebest wayis to pay him for the work
he does at so much for each piece; nor need
we fear that in this way the expenses of taking
the census will be swelled.
As I said before when partially stating this
matter, the district superintendent when he
divides the congressional districts into these
local circumscriptions will have in view the
efficiency of the person whom he shall appoint
to enumerate the people and gather the statis-
tics. If he finds that a large school is to be
taken he will see the principal in advance, and
if he considers that the work will be compen-
sated for by one day's pay he will arrange to
give him one day's pay, and look to him for the
whole of the return. In that way the work is
likely to be performed honestly and efficiently.
The per diem system is a premium on idleness.
We would have great numbers of people who
have no business qualifications seeking the
office under that system. But if we are to have
competent persons to do the work, persons who
have no lack of employment, we must give them
what will be a just compensation for their time
and labor. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to come in after the word "enumerator"
in the eighth line.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order at
this time. The pending question is on the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Nevada, [Mr. Fitch.]
Mr. WOOD. Then I move to strike out the
last word of the pending amendment for the
purpose of saying that it is very obvious from
this discussion that we should not arbitrarily
fix any allowance for the performance of this
duty ; for while four dollars a day may be a
very just compensation in some of these dis-
tricts, especially some of them that do not
cover more than half a mile square, it is no
compensation in districts where these persons
would be obliged to spend ten dollars a day to
enable them to go upon the discharge of their
duties. We should therefore, in my judgment,
allow the Secretary of the Interior some dis-
cretion ; and while fixing four or five dollars
as the per diem allowance for the services of
the enumerators, yet make an exception in
cases where in the judgment of the Secretary
of the Interior an additional allowance should
be made. The object of the amendment I
desired to offer was to clothe the Secretary of
the Interior with that discretion in particular
cases, such as those referred to by the gentle-
man from Nevada [Mr. Fitch] and the gen-
tleman from California, [Mr. Sakgbnt.] I now
withdraw the pro forma amendment.
Mr. PETERS. I renew it. It strikes me
wit-h a great deal of conviction that if we give
the enumerators four dollars a day, while in
many places the census will be fully taken, in
the sparsely-inhabited districts of the country
it will almost invariably be under taken. Now,
under the census law of 1850 and 1860 the
assistant marshal had a motive to take every
man and every farm. But under this mode
of compensation, while I know many will like
to take these places, yet if they are not satisfied
with the compensation they will do the work
carelessly, and the duty of taking the census
will not be faithfully performed. I represent
in my district one county a hundred and forty
or fifty miles long and about a hundred or a
hundred and fifty miles wide. It is sparsely
inhabited all over, being a lumbering country,
but it contains in the aggregate a great many
inhabitants. I believe that if it is to be divided
up into four or five districts and handed over
to that number of enumerators to take the
census a large portion of the people of that
county will not be enumerated in the census.
And I believe that this instance which I have
named is a fair illustration of the sparsely-
inhabited portions of the country all over the
United States.
Now, I want some remedy, or I want some-
thing better than is provided by this bill. Either
give them more compensation, or give a dis-
cretion to the Secretary of the Interior, as is
proposed in this amendment; not to allow all
their expenses, but allow them a compensation
in part payment or in full payment of their
expenses, as the Secretary of the Interior in his
discretion may see fit to allow. Some amend-
ment, some change of this bill should be made,
or this vital point ofthe measure will fail. The
vital work here is to be performed by the enum-
erators. Upon their integrity, faithfulness,
and discretion rest the valuo of this census,
although they may be small men with small .
duties assigned them. And if we do not hold !
out to them at least the ordinary motive of
doing their duty and their whole dutv their
duty will not be performed.
I see by the eye of my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrence] that he is about to ask me
how much we pay our assessors in Maine.
Mr. LAWRENCE. That is the question I
want to ask.
Mr. PETERS. I will tell the gentleman and
the members of this committee that we give
them about two dollars or two dollars and a half
for what we call a day's work. But it is so pro-
verbial that they work only about an hour a
day that we call it in common parlance two
dollars or two dollars and a half for an hour's
services.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the enumerators
under this bill work any better in Maine?
Mr. PETERS. They will.
Mr. SARGENT. What is the amendment
now pending?
The CHAIRMAN. It is the amendment of
the gentleman from Nevada [Mr. Fitch] as
modified by the acceptance of the amendment
ofthe gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word, for
the purpose of saying that it seems manifest to
me the further we progress in the consideration
of this bill the more apparent does it become
that the machinery here provided for taking
the enumeration of the people, property, and
productions of. the United States is to cost an
enormous sum of money, the aggregate of
which cannot even be approximated by any
estimate to be made at this time. There is no
limit, and as I conceive there cannot with any
propriety be any limit fixed as to the number
of enumerators to be appointed in each and
every district in the United States. If the
machinery provided in this bill is to be retained,
then it seems to me every possible means should
be adopted for the purpose of .reducing the
expenses to-be incurred in the taking of this
enumeration so far as such a reduction maybe
accomplished without endangering the accu-
racy of the census.
N.ow, as has been remarked, there are por-
tions of the United States in which four dollars
a day would not be adequate compensation for
the discharge of the duties imposed upon an
enumerator, and where no person competent
for the position would accept it at that rate of
pay. Such is the fact, I have no doubt, in
Nevada. ■ The ease isigjoubtless the same ip
most portions of California and throughout
nearly the entire Pacific coast. But I imagine
that four dollarsa day would beample compens-
ation in any other portion of the United States,
and that competent enumerators could in many
cases be employed at a much lower rate of com-
pensation. I think gentlemen will find oji
examination that the States, in making enum-
erations similar to this, have generally not
allowed a compensation greater than two dol-
lars a day to officers performing duties corre-
sponding with those of these enumerators.
The party now in power is pledged to econ-
omy from this time forth in the administration
of the Government, and I trust that every per-
son in the country feels governed by similar
views on this subject. The people are over-
whelmed with the shadow of taxation which has
gathered at every man's door. The individual
State, and the nation itself, are borne down
with debt. It is time that every representative
of the people should endeavor to do all in his
power to bring the Government back to the
days of economy in its administration. I am
satisfied that in four fifths if not nine tenths of
the districts of the United States competent
enumerators can be obtained for two dollars a
day; and I shall at the proper time propose an
amendment to fix the compensation of the
enumerators at that rate, with this proviso:
That the Secretary of the Interior in his discretion
-Daynj T? i-".6 Power of increasing the compensation
in all districts where competent enumerators cannot
otnerwise be obtained to any sum not exceeding six
doJJars per day.
I believe that in every portion of the United
States competent enumerators can be obtained
ror six dollars a day. It has been well said by
ray friend from California that in some por-
tions of that State the expenses of traveling are
very great. B;it, sir, that is limited to partic-
ular sections. My observation in that country
has led me to believe that persons actually
residing there with their families can live for
about the same money which it? required to
procure subsistence here.
[Here the hammer fell.]
