3282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 0,
amendment at the proper time, when it is iu
order, lo increase the compensation of the
assistant doorkeeper of the Senate. 1 see that
we have increased the compensation of several
subordinate officers over his, which is, to say
the least of it, ridiculous. The long aad faith-
ful services of a man who has grown gray in
the service, who has been here since he has
been a boy, cannot be passed over iu silence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the
duty of the Chair to remind the Senator that
an amendment to that part of the bill canuot
be made now.
Mr. POMEROY. I only ask the privilege
of saying a few words. I know it i3 not iu
order now to move such an amendment.; but
I shall contrive, some time before this or some
of the appropriation bills are finished, to do at
least reasonable justice to a man who has been
so long and so faithfully iu the service of this
body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing of the bill will proceed.
The next amendment was, in the appropri-
ations for the Department of State, after "chief
clerk," in line three hundred and thirty, to insert
"$2,200;" alter "three," in line three hun-
dred and thirty-three, to insert " one examiner
of claims, $2,500;" after '' messenger," in line
three hundred and thirty five, to insert" $840;"
and after "assistant messenger," in line three
hundred and thirty-six, to insert " $720."
Mr. SUMNER. 1 should like to ask the
chairman whether in this section is included
the list of additional clerks that was provided
for in a bill that passed the Senate some six
weeks or so ago ?
Mr. MOIllilLL, of Maine. What is that?
Mr. SUMNER. There is a bill which passed
the Senate providing for the appointment of
an examiner of claims and also several addi-
tiOD&l clorks
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They are all
here.
Mr. SUMNER. All that were provided for
in that bill ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So I under-
stand.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, after "form," in
line three hundred and forty-one, to strike out
" and in newspapers of the States and Terri-
tories and in the city of Washington," and to
insert, " provided, that all acts and parts of
acts which provide for the annnal publication
of the laws of the United States and treaties
with foreign Powers be, and the same are here-
by, repealed;" so as to make the clause read:
-■ For publishing the laws in pamphlet form: Pro-
vided, That all acts and parts of acts whieh provide
for the annnal publication of the laws of the United
States and treaties with foreign Powers be, and the
sane are hereby, repealed, $50,000.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to know the oper-
ation of that clause.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Before that is
acted on I move to strike out " $50,000 " and
insert " $10,000" before the proviso, so as to
read; "For publishing the laws in pamphlet
form, $10,000;" and then lettheprovisofollow.
• Mr. SUMNER. Before that is acted on, I
should like an explanation of this whole prop-
osition. Do I understand that it does away
 ith the publication of the laws in tire edition
whichisso wfell known to us of Little & Brown ?
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir, it pro-
vides for that; but it does away with the pub-
lication of the'laws in the newspapers. That is
the recommendation of the State Department.
The law, as it now stands, provides for the
publication of the laws in two papers in each
of the States and Territories. The experience
of the State Department, (and it is the general
experience, bo far as my observation goes, to
a very great extent,) is that that publication is
useless; and it must be so in the nature of the
case. These laws and treaties are now pub-
lished in two newspapers in each of the States
aftd^erritories. The laws of course are not
publications for general readers. Rarely or
never do they attract any notice. So far as
giving any special publicity to the laws in (hat
way is concerned, they are of no value. It is
done at an expense of about eighty thousand
dollars a year, and the State Department
thought it might be dispensed with without any
detriment to the public service. I hope it will
be the pleasure of the Senate to adopt the
amendment, and at any rate try the experi-
ment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am opposed to the
amendment that the chairman of the commit-
tee advocates, on the ground that I think the
publication of the laws in the newspapers is a
necessity. 1 do not care to have the treaties
published ; I think they are of very little con-
sequence ; but when the laws are enacted it
takes a long time to have them all published in
pamphlet form, and they go into operation, and
the people are ignorant of them unless they are
published in the newspapers of the country.
It is so particularly on the Pacific: coast and in
the distant parts of the country. I know that
when these laws are published in the news-
papers in the State of Oregon great pains are
taken to cat them out of the newspapers. Law-
yers are very anxious to cut them out and paste
them into a book, so that they can know what
laws have been enacted. I do not know how
long time occurs, but several months, I think,
transpire after the laws are enacted and after
Congress adjourns, before we receive any
pamphlet laws in Oregon. 1 suppose that is
true of other remote parts of the country, if
not of all parts of the country.
I think the Government can very well afford
the expense of publishing these laws in two
newspapers in each State for the information
of the people, and I think.it will be money well
expended, and great harm will come to the
country if some means of this kind are not
adopted for the publication of the laws.
Upon the Pacific coast and in other remote
parts of the country great injury results from
ignorance of the laws. They go into opera-
tion ; they are not known, and men act unad-
visedly. We have passed a bill at this session
illustrative of that. A law was passed two
years ago providing that certain agricultural
scrip should not be located after the passage
of the law, except three sections in a town-
ship. That law was not known in California
for thirty days, and people acted in ignorance
of the law and located their land scrip in ac-
cordance with the old rule. The consequence
was that we had to pass a special act lor the
benefit of those people. That simply illus-
trates the necessity of making the people-every-
where acquainted with the laws as soon as
practicable. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. I heard this matter dis-
cussed at considerable length by the chairman
of the Committee on Printing some time since,
and this very proposition was recommended
by him ; but he failed to convince me that it
was best. The people of this country are held
responsible for a knowledge of the law when
it comes to a question of crime or disobedi-
ence, whether they have seen the law or not;
and unless there are some means provided by
which they can have reasonable access to the
statutes without buying the volumes it seems
most unreasonable to hold them to any ac-
countability and responsibility.
1 remember being in a court not long since,
and I heard the judge charge the jurors in a
given case that had been tried, where the party
insisted upon it that he did not know- a certain
provision was the iaw, that the law was pub-
lished in the newspaper in the man's town
where he lived ; and he thought that was the
most conclusive argument that he ought to
have known the law. But suppose it bad not
been published ; suppose the- law was locked
up in a volume, and lawyers had it,, the Sen:
ator from Oregon had a copy, and all the Sen-
ators had a copy—they are only a handful;
that is, only one in a thousand of the people •
and yet every individual in the community has
to obey the law, is responsible for his conduct
under the law, and ought to know the law.
We pay very little; we do not pay enough io
make it any object for a newspaper to hnvy
the contract. We have to ask almost every
newspaper in the country, and lo tease tlie edi-
tors, to get them to publish these laws, unless
it be some country paper that has very littio
advertising. The city press that have largo
advertisements never want to publish the laws.
Therefore it is no speculation and I think it is
a convenience. 1 know the Senator from
Rhode Island argued at considerable length
the other morning that we should abandon
publishing the laws in the newspapers. 1 fail
to see the reason for that. The Committee ou
Appropriations, I see, have followed his sug-
gestion ; but I believe myself we had better
publish the laws in this way.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, .1 am op-
posed to the adoption of this amendment. As
the Senator from Kansas has observed, we
require the people to take notice of the passage
of our laws; but they have no means of know-
ing anything about them ordinarily, except
through the publications iu the newspapers.
It was said of an ancient tyrant that he caused
the laws to be inscribed on tablets placed bo
high that they could not be read ordinarily by
the people, and then held them responsible for
their violation. To pass laws which are not
published and hold the people responsible for
the violation of them is very much like that
illustration in history. The laws published, in
pamphlet form are not published until the end
of the session ; that I believe will not be until
the 4th of July, and perhaps a little longer;
but they are published in the newspapers as fast
as they are approved. Those already passed
and approved are now in the course of public-
ation, in the newspapers of all the States. The
people have an opportunity to get at them and
the members of the bar have. It is particu-
larly important to them. But if we cut off this
publication in the newspapers they must send
here and get a certified copy of the Secretary
of State, at a heavy expense, or they must wait
until the end of the session and two or three
months after that to get them in pamphlet form.
Now, sir, I think, as a matter of public justice,
that the number of newspapers in which these
laws are published should be increased instead
of cutting off the publication entirely.
Mr. HOWELL. They ought to be published
in one paper in each congressional district.
Mr. MORTON. I think it is only two to a
State now, under the present law. The num-
ber is entirely too small. There would be much
more justice and propriety in requiring the
publication in every congressional district than
in cutting off the publication altogether; and
I would very much prefer to have an amend-
ment providing for the publication of these
laws in every congressional district. It would
be somewhat expensive, but if it is important
to enact the laws it is important to give the
people the means of finding out what they are.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, in the. first place no ordinary newspaper
published in tbe country can afford to take
these lawsfts advertisements and publish them,
because if they publish the entire laws of tbe
United States it must be done to the exclusion
of almost ail other reading matter. Then, in'
stead of being published as fast as they are
passed, the Senator from Indiana is entirely
mistaken. Mapy of the papers that publish
them do not get through with them until after
the next session of Congress begins. Tho
papers that have anything to live on by way
of patronage utterly refuse to take them at the
price proposed by the United States. In my
State especially they are confined ordinarily to
that class of papers =vhich have not the largest
circulation. Someti nes papers of large circu-
lation may take them ; but. ordinarily they are
not confined to Uutt class.
