1394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Mr. THURMAN. I make that motion, then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves that the bill and amendments be
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 move it because I am
perfectly satisfied that unless we are prepared
to appropriate a much larger sum of money
than 1 believe any one Senator on this floor is
willing to give this exposition, if authorized,
will be a miserable failure and a disgrace to
the country. You cannot make an exposition
held here at the national capital at all creditable
to the United States without expending more
money than in my judgment any man ought to
vote for such an object in the present condi-
tion of the country. We have taxes enough
to pay without expending them on show. I
know very well how it will be if this exposi-
tion be authorized. It will be said the national
honor is involved in making it creditable to
the country. If an exposition be authorized
to be held in the United States, and at the
national capital, first or last the United States
will have to pay the bulk of the expense. 1
do not think we ought to waste time in the
details of this bill, and without attempting to
amend it we ought to indefinitely postpone it
at once, and I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves that the bill be indefinitely post-
poned.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
I shall favor that motion; but I expected to hear
from the chairman of the committee some argu-
ments against it and in favor of the bill, if he
desires to submit them.
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose to say, Mr. Presi-
dent, that parties in this city, who constitute its
wealthy men, and the men of middling interest,
and the business men of the city, are very earn-
est in favor of this exposition. They say that
they can make it a success with no charge to
the Government beyond that which i3 named in
the bill, and I will state precisely what that is.
They have now secured, they say, about two
million dollars of subscriptions. They are in
correspondence with the Governors of perhaps
nearly every State, and they are in extensive
correspondence with foreign parties—I do not
know that it is with foreign Governments—and
they assure me that all the indications are
favorable and flattering.
The bill provides—
That for tbo purpose of facilitating tho collection
of goods from distant parts of tbo country the col-
lectors of tho several ports of entry of tbo United
States are hereby directed to receive and store such
packages as may be sent to tbcm from any part of
the United States addressed to the International
Industrial Exhibition at Washington, and to ship
said packages on board such transports as tho Secre-
taries of the Navy and Treasury shall provide for
the purpose ot their transportation to Washington
city; the regulations for their reception, storage,
shipment, and transportation to be prescribed by
the Secretary of the Treasury.
This bill also provides—
That if tho directors of tho company shall elect
to erect the exhibition building on any public reser-
vation tho Secretary of tho Interior may authorize
tbo uso and occupancy thereof if he shall deem it
not inconsistent with the public interests, for tho
purposes and according to tho terms herein set lbrth.
which may bo assigned for that purpose under tho
provisions of this act. Tho Secretary of the Interior
may have such reservation inclosed and properly
graded, prepared, and laid out in suitable walks and
roads, and provided with such proper gates and
approaches as he may deem necessary for tho use of
foot passengers and vehicles, and to provide a prac-
ticable and fightly avenue of communication be-
tween said reservation and Pennsylvania avenue, or
other main street or avenue in the city of Wash-
ington.
These are the only two charges imposed on
the Government—the use of these vessels to
transport the various articles from the port at
which they may be landed here from foreign
Governments and the preparation of the ground.
Mr. FOWLER. Will the transportation bo
any great expense ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I answer, little or nothing,
because yon are to nse your naval vessels which
otherwise would be doing nothing, or your
revenue-cutters which would otherwise be doing .
little or nothing. 1 say very little expense will
be involved in this.
In relation to the site upon which the super-
structure is to be erected, if any is to be found,
I presume it is upon the square in front of the
President's House, and that is now in the pro-
cess of being graded, and will be graded by
the Government in the course of time whether
t'ui3 bill pass or not.
Now, the only demand which is made upon the
Government is embraced in these two items.
They have the assurance, as they tell ine, that
they cau raise from other sources more than
two other million dollars; and it is upon that
presentation, and it is upou the assurance
which they give, that the bill has been reported.
It is for the Senate to determine whether they
will give to it a favorable consideration or not.
One other word in relation to the locality,
and one other word in relation to the time. It
is said this is not the proper locality for an
exhibition of this kind. I know that Washing-
ton is not London; it is not Paris; but it is
still the capital of our nation. We know that
international exhibitions in Europe have been
uniformly, I think, held at the capitals of the
respective nations where tlieseexhibitions have
been held. There is, then, that parity of rea-
soning why it may be here.
Another reason is that if you seek to have
an international exhibition at New York or at
Philadelphia you beget the opposition of one
of those localities to the other.
Again, it is at a period of time when if there
be any good results arising from such an exhibi-
tion which shall advance mechanic arts, which
shall secure an advance to the industry of the
country, we say that this is the location; because
in all the good results that would spring from
it we might anticipate more of them as appli-
cable to the southern States than to the north-
ern States; for manufactures are in a more
advanced state there, and this is a place which
would be more accessible to them. Though
they might not bring the products which a few
years from this would enable them to bring, yet
this is a point where they may be more reaaity
impressed with all that would be useful spring-
ing from such an exhibition.
i I The time we believe propitious, because it is
|| at that period of time when the whole South
is undergoing somewhat, I think, a state of
change in its industry and in its manufacturing
capacities and powers in developingthem. This
is a period of time when as an incentive to all
those purposes it may well be held, and this is
the place for it. I have no other word to say
in relation to the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I take issue
with the Senator from Maine, and I regret that
lam unable to coincide with his solid judgment
which he brings to bear generally on questions
before the Senate. I cannot account for his
heing in favor of this proposition, except as the
chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia. I have always noticed that our chair-
men are disposed to press the business which
is committed to their charge. I have no doubt
that he has been urged by the citizens of \Vash-
| ington to push this bill, and I suppose that the
: sole motive on the part of the citizens of Wash-
ington has been an apprehension that the cry
* about the removal of the Capitol might be
stopped and silenced by getting up an iuterna-
' tional exhibition here at Washington. Why,
Mr. President, it seems to me that this is one
. of the most dangerous experiments that the
. city of Washington could try. If it should be
' a failure, then Washington would be subject
i to further reproaches than it has ever been
! subject to in the past.
Now, Mr. President, in relation to the time,
i It certainly is not an opportune time for an
! international exhibition in our country. It is
[ too soon after r;ich exhibitions have occurred
i abroad, and we have hardly yet recovered here
1 from the ravages of the war. Whenever we do
have such an exhibition it ought to embrace
all parts of the country. The South are at, .
! present in no condition to make a proper show
-;! at a national exhibition of this sort. Every -
;i body will concede at, once that there is not a
'j State south of Mason and Dixon's line that is
:i prepared now to enter into fair competition
>i with the northern States. It would leave them
jl too far in the rear, altogether too far; and it
1 is not fair toward them that we should ask
them to show their hand now. They will ere
i long be able to do much better.
Then, again, it is too soon after tho exhibi-
! tion has taken place in France. So far as any
' valuable information is concerned we already
; have that. We have just printed that in oar
reports, and they are now being distributed.
; Those persons who have examined those re-
ports will see at once that we are deficient in
many directions, and that is all that this inter-
national exhibition will show, even if it, should
be successful. It would merely tend to show our
deficiencies as compared with foreign nations.
! It will be conceded at once that in relation to
ij many articles we already stand abreast with the
JI world. In such articles as agricultural iin-
;j plements, such articles as may be said to be
! required for human nature's daily use, such
: articles as are used for ordinary or common
clothing, we already compete fairly and very
: successfully with foreign nations. But when
j it come3 to the finer articles of taste, of art,
j and of skill—articles requiring culture and a
,i long time to perfect, requiring much capital
i and cheap labor in order to successfully pro-
duce them—we almost invariably, as might be
' expected, fall in the rear.
>Ir. President, I desire that this city shall
be a prosperous city. 1 shall evtr be quite
willing to do anything that is proper, so far as
■ the General Government is concerned, to do our
; full share in relation to the public buildings,
streets, or anything else. But I have no desire
to make this a great and overgrown city like
that of Paris or New York, where I consider
that our form of government is somewhat ot' a
failure. I would not do anything by way of
j contribution to bring this city into the same
rank and condition as that of the cities referred
to. I hope the time never will come when this
city will have a million of inhabitants or any-
thing like it; and without such a number of
inhabitants an international exhibition cannot
be a success, because people will not come to
it from vast distances. It is only those imme-
diately surrounding it who are going to con-
tribute to pay any considerable share of its
expenses. And in order to get any large num-
ber here they must pay their railroad fare from
long distances as well as the price of entering
the exhibition. Well, now, in order to get here
over a single track, we have to pay Maryland a
tax, I believe, of fifty cents apiece and New
Jersey something like an extra dollar for those
of us who come from beyond her limits. Cer-
tainly that is not a very inviting feast to attract
a large number to come to such an interna-
tional exhibition. Many more could be more
easily and cheaply concentrated elsewhere;
but it is not desirable to attempt such an exhi-
bition just now anywhere.
Mr. President, the Senator from Maine is
mistaken in supposing 
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont yield to the Senator from
New Jersey?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. STOCKTON. I was occupied in some
other matter and did not hear what the Sen-
ator said in reference to the State of New
Jersey. I should like to know what it was.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am informed
that a monopoly exists there, and thereby we
have been compelled to pay a tax for riding
across the State of New Jersey, by a railroad,
of a dollar a head. I am informed now,
though, that that monopoly has been surren-
(jere(]
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I desire
now from my positionin the Senate to take ad*
