380
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
Senate.
Receipts and Expenditures—Mr. Sherman.
41st Cong.,..2d Sess.
this tax upon ineomein the category of a direct
or indirect tax? He is now discussing the
matter in the abstract somewhat, and I .should
like an answer to that question.
Mr. SHERMAN. That question could onty
have any bearing in considering that clause of
the Constitution which requires direct taxes to
be apportioned am ong the States. It has already
been decided by the Supreme Court that direct
taxes within the meaning of the Constitution
are taxes upon land and slaves; so that I say
ati income tax, although always in the books
laid down as a direct tax, is, in the language of
our Constitution, an indirect tax, an " excise."
Mr. BAYARD. I believe it is an admitted
proposition that the rents of lands are to be
regarded aslands themselves. Inever knew that
proposition doubted as a legal one.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was out when the Senator
from Ohio commenced his remarks, and I do-
sire to ask him, if he will allow me, at what
sum does he put the exemption? It is now
$1,000. Does the Finance Committee propose
to change that?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will explain the plan of
the committee a little more when I get through
with the argument in regard to the history of
this income lax and the authorities. I have
carefully read the various debates in Parlia-
ment, where the income tax has been discussed
much more elaborately and much more in de-
tail than it has been here; and every point that
was made m the casual remarks here on the
income tax have been met by some of the ablest
minds of England.
Now, I propose to read a few extracts from
some of the debates in Parliament, and these
extracts will bo a sufficient answer to the
alleged hardships of the income tax, and what
are called its inequalities and difficulties of
collection. I will iirstread what Mr. Pitt said
iu regard to tins tax when he first proposed it,
which goes back to the vory origin of it, Decem-
ber 14, 1798:
"As to the critorion of tho general tax, it lias like-
wise! been objected to tho details tbat tho application
is unequal m respect to tho naturo of income, its
duration, &o."
This was one point made by the Scnatorfrora
New York in the colloquy wo had the other day.
"The honorable Rontlcmanhays (lint if two persona
have eiu'h £500 per annum, one of whom derives his
incomo from land ami the other from industry, they
ought not to bo both taxed equally at £511."
That was the ten per cent. :
"lie assumes tbat each having £450 a year left tho
impost i:t unequal. What docs tho now tax do ? Aro
they not left m relation to each other precisely as
I hey were belore ? The tax creates no new inequal-
ity. The justice or injustice remains precisely as it
To complain of tliid inequality is to complain
of the distribution of property; it is to complain of
tho constitution of soeioty."
Again, Mr. Pitt says:
" To think of taxing these two speoies of incomes
in a different ratio would be to attempt what tho
naturo of society will not admit, what has never
boon practicod in tho course of four thousand years.
15ut on what, foundation does this principle, which
tbehonorable gentleman has broached, rost? Wheio
is tho clear inequality on which ho so vehemently
insists? Is the industry of tho artist, tho manufac-
turer, tho mechanic less tho creature of the protection
of law, less involvod in tho groat contest in which
wo aro engased, less likely to be overthrown in any
disasters of the Stato than tho income which arises
from land
Mr. Pitt further says:
" It is objected still that it unjust that tho man
who has an annuity or an income, tho fruit of his
labor, should pay in tho proportion of a man who
has tho same revenue trom fixed property. This ob-
jection is altogether a fallacy. A permanent estate,
which is represented as novcr dvins. and, as it wore,
the property of a man after his death, contributes on
every exigency whiclunay occur; tile income from
labor and industry is extinguished; it contributes
but once; it is no longer the property of tho same
1 person; while the other, which is considered as the
same property, is subject to xenowed demands."
A permanent income is subjected to a per-
manent yearly lax, while a perishable income
is only subject to one tax.
"This reasoning may he thought refined, but the
answer is j ustly applicable in the case where the rea-
son why fixed property should contribute more is
founded on its supposed permanency in opposition
to the fleeting character of the other. How, then, is
it possible to discriminate between the various kinds
of property; or to enter into the details which could
alone enable you to apply any scale pf exemption
without an investigation more oppressive, a disclos-
ure more extensive than anything which the bill
permits ? How much safer is it to submit to those
inequalities which are tho lot of man, and which
it is not the business, nor is itin the powerof schemes
of finance to correct? Could we even indulge the
wish to correct these inequalities which arise out of
tho verv nature of society, is this tho legislative
remedy? let us then forbear to attempt what is
perhaps beyond the power of human legislation to
correct."
This is a sufficient answer to tho objection
made that the incomo derived from professional
employment ought to pay a loss tax than an
income derived from land. Incomo derived
from land is perpetually taxed year after year
in the land itself, while the income derived
from personal profits or from professional em-
ployment perishes by the payment of one tax.
I stated that after the close of the war with
France the English income tax was repealed;
and it was not until 1842, when England had
been drifting always to leeward, with her debt
always increasing, when there was an actual
deficiency of some £2,000,000, and it became
necessary to reviso tho whole system of taxa-
tion, that Sir Robert Peel had the courage, in
two houses of Parliament which represented
nothing but property, for property is enthroned
in Parliament, to come forward and propose an
income tax and stake his political life on it.
lie turned his back, as is well known, on his
political friends and proposed a renewal of the
income tax, iu order to relieve tho masses of
the people from the weight of taxes upon con-
sumption—corn, food, &c. From the speech
which he made on that occasion I will read
brief extracts. Sir Robert Peel said in the
House of Commons, March 11, 1842:
" 1 will now state what is tho measure which I
propose, under a sense of public duty and a deep
conviction that it is nocessary for tho public inter-
est; and impressed at the samo time with an equal
conviction tbat tho present sacrifices which I call on
you to makowill bo amply componsated ultimately in
a pecuniary point of view, and much more than com-
pensated, by the ofl'oct they will have in maintaining
publio crcdit and the ancient eharaotor of this ooun-
try. Instead of looking to taxation on consumption,
instoad of reviving the taxes on salt or on sugar, it
is my duty to make an earnest appeal to tho pos-
sessors of property for tho purposo of repairing this
mighty evil. 1 proposo, for a time at least—and I
never had occasion to make a, proposition with a
moro thorough conviction of its being one which tho
publio interest of tho country required—X proposo
that for a timo to bo limited tho income of this coun-
try should bo called on to oontributo a certain sum
for tho purposo of remedying this mighty and grow-
ing ovil."
Again, be says:
"In 179S, when tho prospects of this country wcro
gloomy, tho minister had tho courage to propose and
tho people had the fortitude to adopt an incomo tax
of ten per cent. Tho incomo tax continued to tho
close of the war in 1802; and in 1803, after tho rup-
turo of the peaco of Amiens, a duty of iivojpor cent*
was placcd upon property. It was raised .m 1805 to
six and one quarter j>or cent., and in 1806 again to
ten per cent.; and so it continued to tho end of the
war. I proposo that tho duty to bo laid upon prop-
erty shall not exceed three percent., or, as I said
before, cxactly £218s. being seven pence in the
pound. Under the iormer tax all incomes bolow £60
werecxemptfrom taxation, and on incomes between
£t>0 and £150 tho tax was on a reduced rate. I shall
proposo that from tho incomo tax I now recommend
all incomes under £150 shall bo exempt."
The objection which Sir Robert Feel was
answering at the close of this extract was that
the income tax was only a war tax; and he
answered it precisely as I auswer in regard to
our tax, that the income tax is still a war tax.
But for the war no internal duties need be
levied. The whole of them are war taxes. It
is one of the misfortunes of war that taxation
continues long after the war has ended. If
the property of this country would simply agree
to pay the pensions incurred by the war I should
be perfectly willing to compromise in that way.
If a sufficient income tax was now levied on
property to pay what is paid by $he Govern-
ment to the maimed and diseased soldiers of
the country, their widows and their orphans,
it would be the least that the property of the
country could do. The answer of Sir Robert
Peel in that case was that all taxes for thepay-
ment of the interest on the public debt were
war taxes. The taxes of peace are very light.
Sir Henry Goulburn, in answer to that objec-
tion, said in the House of Commons, March
18, 1842:
"But the right honorable gentleman said the in-
come tax ought never to bo imposed except under
th 5 condition of war. What, however, was this fan-
ciful distinction as to war ? The tax was not imposed
because they wero at war, but because they were
involved in difficulty with rcspeet to raising a rev-
enue, because they were involved in debt, and bo-
cause they were bound to extricate themselves from
debt.'3
But there is another argument often used
against the income tax, that it operates un-
justly upon different classes. Upon that point
let me read another extract from the same
speech of Sir Henry Goulburn, which I think
covers that matter very well:
"Then the right honorable gentleman had talked
about the injustice of tho proposed tax, as not press-
ing in tho same way on different classes. 'Unjust,
unequal,' cried the righthonorable gentleman. Why,
this was the very language which he had seen in tho
streets on tho placards of somo low, weekly papers.
* No incomo tax.no inequality, no injustice.' It was
impossible not to be sensiblo that taxation must be
necessarily an evil. It was impossible, in the pres-
ent stato of society, to imposo any tax (so compli-
cated and so artiiicial were tho relations and tho
interests of tho community) without pressing with
greaterforoe on oneclass or on another. Nor would
ho say that an income tax was exempt from this
objection, applying as it did equally to all taxes.
But look at the articles of taxation which tho right
honorable gentleman himself proposed. IIow did
they operate? Did they prc3s equally on all classes?
I)id thoy not press moro heavily on tho lower and
tho middle classes, to whom thoy wore necessary?
Was it not in the power of the higher and richer
classes oltcn to relinquish articles which their infe-
riors in society must consume ? Was it, then, fair to
tax equally articles necessary to one class, luxurious
to another?
" Tho excise duties, for instance, appearcdin som<-
respects oppressive or unequal in their operations,
with a considerable degree of domestic inquisition,
ail of which had been and would be characterized us
exceedingly vexatious. All tho eloquence which th o
right honorable gentleman had used against the in-
come tax had been used in former times by those
who had pointed out the excise duties as containing
every possible vice; and of this the right honorable
gentleman might bo assured, that all tho accusations
which ho had broughtagainstthe property tax would
bo repeated from time to time against any tax that
might bo invented, certain as it must be to affect
some particular interests. Let not the House sup-
pose that in bringing this mcasuroforward as essen-
tial to tho interests of tho country tho Government
had not been fully sensible of the difficulties under
which they would havo to labor, had not been quite
awaio that when they struck at tho inooiflesof the
country they should cxcito a feeling to a considera-
ble extent against tho measuro and the administra-
tion. But they knew enough of tho patriotism of tho
country to believo that whatovor might bo the feel-
ings of individuals, there was yet abundantly suf-
ficient of respect for national honor, of affoction lor
our constitution, and of determination to uphold it
to counteract partioularobjections, and to induce the
people to sustain cheerfully a tax levied on the prin-
ciple of burdening as little as possible the poorer and
tho working classes."
I will now read another extract from Sir
Robert Peel's second spccch, because this
debate is memorable, not only in point of time,
butin point of influence, upon English politics.
In his speech of March 18, 1842, he said:
" If in a time of peace—a time of European peace—
you have a large deficiency to supply, and consider
it moro just that tho affluent classes shall supply it,
rather than pressing upon tho poor by taxing arti-
cles of consumption, adopt that course, and do not
bo afraid of what foreign countries may think of
your rcsourccs."
One argument against the income tax in
England was that it would be a confession of
weakness by Great Britain to levy an income
tax. Again, he says:
'* With such a deficiency as I havo pointed out, is
it better, then, to call upon the income of the country
to supply it, or to tax articles of general consump-
tion?" * * * * * * Mr* Pitt, wishing to
affcct the property of the country, produced a plan
by which the assessed taxes paid at a preceding period
should bo considered the test of property. Ho tried
to obtain a ten per cent, income tax by that crite-
