5170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 4,
you done? You have not only " affected'' but
you have actually rendered the civil subordin-
ate to the military power. Talk to me about
those great features of our Government, which
command the admiration of the intelligent for-
eigner 1 Sir, go down into that vast military
domain which you hold in absolute subjection
and by the tyrant's will, where you have ren-
dered the civil entirely subordinate to the mili-
tary power; view the work of your own hands,
and then come into the Senate of the United
States and talk about the Declaration of Inde-
pendence ! You who have caused a mildew to
fall upon every field of promise; you who have
put a blight npon every political hope, come
into the Senate of the United States and appeal
to this declaration of the principles of justifica-
tion of your lathers, and ask me, -who have stood
here for twelve years and noticed your action,
and ask others, to view your action in tho light
of this Declaration, every sentence of which is
a withering condemnation of your own action!
"He lias combined with others to subject us to a
jurisdiction foreign to our Constitution and unac-
knowledged by our laws; giving his assent to their
acts of pretended legislation."
Review your history. Where is the right of
the States? Have you not subjected me and
others in your past history to a jurisdiction for-
eign to the laws of my own State by driving
members of the party opposed to you from the
polls, by carrying elections with the bayonet
against the will of the people ?
"For quartering largo bodies of armed troops
among us."
Have you not done that in States that never
pretended to secede? Sir, I hold up before the
majority of this body to-night this Declaration,
to the beauties of which they have invited our
attention, as tho strongest condemnation that
could possibly be made against them.
"For protecting them, by a mock trial, from pun-
ishment for any murders which they should commit
upon the inhabitants of these States."
Again, see the lineaments of your own coun-
tenances depicted in this paper to which you
have invited ray attention to-day. Sir, if there
had been no existing evils at that time, and if
the wisest man in that day had been called
npon to write tbatwhichmen combined against
human liberty might do, and to write their
condemnation, and to say what they would do in
the future, he could not more powerfully and
emphatically have portrayed the enormities to
which the party would come. Have you pro-
tected no murderers? When peaceful citizens
in States that never refused to discharge their
just obligations to the Federal LJnion have been
shot down in cold blood what have you done?
Have you not protected the murderers from
the consequences of their crimes?
"For cutting off our trade with all parts of the
world."
Have you not done that? Did you not
undertake to establish trade regulations for
States thatnever seceded? Did you not require
oaths to be taken by men even to carry on the
Ordinary business of buying and selling goods,
wares, and merchandise ?
"For imposing taxes on us without our consent."
Sir. let the $2,500,000,000 which you have
imposed upon the people of this country to
carry on a war for the liberation of the negro,
not for the pieservation of the Union; a war
■waged for the purpose of accomplishing party
triumph and freeing negroes ; as we sometimes
Lear it denominated in this body, a war of ideas
—let the imposition of the burdens of taxation
under which the American people rest to-night
answer the question whether in this indictment i
that is not a count which can be sustained by j
proof and in the light of history. i
"For depriving us in many cases of tho bene lit of J
trial by jury."
Why, sir, had Thomas Jefferson when called
up^n to draw that instrumentbeen told that no
circumstances had ever existed in the world to
that time that would justify such an arraign-
ment, but that in the history of the race and
in the history of this people the time might
come when men might cio outrageous, illegal,
and oppressive things, he could not possibly
have drawn up an instrument that would more
exactly photograph the dominant party of the
present day than this declaration does.
" For transporting us beyond seas to be tried for
pretended offenses."
I do not say that you transported any-
body literally beyond seas ; but have you not
dragged innocent men away from their homes,
from their wives, and from their children, and
incarcerated them in forts and kept them in
suffering, under which some of them have died,
for pretended offenses ?
"For abolishing the free system of English laws in
a neighboring province, establishing therein an aibi-
trary government, and enlarging its boundaries so as
to render it at once an example and fit instrument
for introducing the same absolute rule into these
Colonics."
I invite my fellow-members of the Senate to
consider whether your party have not abolished
the free system of English laws throughoutthe
whole southern Slates; whether you did not
place those people under the absolute control
of a military chieftain, making them the mere
subjects of his will; with power—I say it de-
liberately in the light of your reconstruction
acts—to hang every human being within those
States, to deny to them the possession of any
and every species of property, making them
absolutely subjects and not citizens.
"For taking away our charters, abolishing our
most valuable laws, and altering, fundamentally,
tho forms of our Uovermnent."
Have you not blotted out by mere legislative
enactment tho charter of every southern State?
Have you not declared that those States have
no valid existing legal governments ? Have
you not placed them absolutely under your
own abitrary will or the will of the man whom
you call Commander-in-Chief of the Army?
But, Mr. President, I will not pursue this
subject. I should not have referred to it if I
could have been allowed the poor privilege of
voting upon the question before the Senate.
But since this declaration of the rights of
man and of the rights of the American citizen
has been held up to-day by more than one, by
several Senators, to our admiration, and we
were invited to contemplate its provisions and
look upon its beauties, I thought I would stir
up at the close of this debate your pure minds
by way of remembrance ; and having anwered
that purpose, I will resume my seat.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Senate seem to be
working into an appreciation of my reflections,
submitted to them a year ago, wherein I depict-
ed danger resulting from the rapid centraliza-
tion of wealth and power. The want of a full
understanding of the real point of my argument
has lost the party many States, and will lose it
the Government, as sure as the sun rises and
sets. The events that have come and gone
have confirmed every view I held. The reason
I have withheld action for a long time is from
an indisposition to irritate when I could effect
no end. I find that my anticipations were
sooner fulfilled than 1 expected. X wish to pre-
serve, not destroy. My whole life has been
spent in building up. [ have never been will-
ing that a tree should be cut down, or a build-
ing, however old, should be pulled down. I
have many times built one such a building, but
never pulled down as much as a wood-shed.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Coxk-
jjstg] would purify the ballot. His bill is in-
tended to effect that purpose. The mistake
every legislator makes is this : he thinks by
law he can promote good morals. In other
words, the Jaw which is made to give direction
to people's actions and decide between them
in their controversies should be able to estab-
lish fundamental conditions. You can never
effect fundamental conditions. Parties now
govern the country. If in New York the Dem-
ocratic party is found guilty of immoral prac-
tices regarding the ballot, in Rhode Island and
in Pennsylvania the Republican party, in the
excess of its zeal to carry success to the party,
will be found guilty of immoralities. Unless the
people are disposed themselves to turn against
the fraudulent use of the ballot no law will
prevent it. The rapid and forced settlement
of people in our country, with or without the
ballot, will aid the rapid centralization of
wealth and power. If with it that centraliza-
tion will be hindered longer than without it.
Every man and woman, whether coming from
Europe or Asia, as our affairs are now consti-
tuted becomes a tributary to the great powers
rapidly centralizing in this country.
The Senators from Oregon and Nevada have
been the leading spirits in effecting a wholesale
system of emigration and dependents. The
British cabinet but a month since reflected on
the subject from complaints brought before
them from inadequate employment and com-
pensation after these recent subjects had been
tempted from their avocations by the schemes
of speculators in human beings. I have opposed
the rapid development of the country, because
it becomes a dependency of the great powers
created thereby. It ruins the credit of the Gov-
ernment and the people by the great loans that
counteract and compete with the greater loans
of tho Government and the wants of private
enterprise. When private enterprise falters,
corporate powers, either railroad or business,
have no sources from whence to maintain their
strength. Smaller private enterprises in trades
and business are swallowed up in larger ones.
Slavery was a gigantic centralized power.
As such it subordinated all independence in
the ballot, first exhausting the material power
among the people. Education was not gen-
eral or even specialin the South; was from want
of either general or special distribution of
property and money among the people. How-
ever distasteful4t may be to the bookworm or
the student, or the intellectual, money is the
basis of education, and where it does not
flow and distribute itself education does not
find either soil or growth. The ballot has no
independence when he who is entitled to cast
it lias no profitable employment; and then it
has no independence if that profitable employ-
ment comes from great corporate powers or
great wealthy proprietors.
It has been thought that from my reputed
great wealth I could carry a State, and was dan-
gerous to the existence even of a national party
existence. It is now observable that, for cause
or not, there was a mistaken conception, and
I have now to beg the Senate, having purposely
exhibited to Senate and country an entire
abasement of self and power, and rely only on
the strength of my position and purposes,
through reason and persuasion. Intelligence
and independence are the foundation of our
Government, and virtue among the people.
No intelligence and independence can exist
among the people unless there is actively going
on a distribution of property and wealth among
the people. If there appears to be an opposite
condition of things statesmen should pause and
consider, and lovers of humanity should sound
the alarm; for liberty is now in danger ; moral-
ity is beginning to be undermined; and the
State begins to lose its power to regulate for
good.
Notwithstanding every other theory, the New
England system ot education and progress de-
pended and was acquired through a general
distribution of property. The disbursements
of manufacturing establishments at this day,
the distribution earlier of money through com-
merce, and stiil earlier by the trades handed
down trom Holland—everything is undergo-
ing a rapid change. Villages are sapping the
foundation of farms, towns of villages, cities
of towns—everything is centralizing. The
laborer, the aitisan, and even the director of
these laborers, finds the cost of living, the
temptation to imitate the rich, so strong that
the demands for education is relaxed. The
laborer cannot afford his children time to go
to the school. He cannot afford to deprive
himself of compensation for the labor lost by
