1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4227
to this claim of contract. It has nothing to
stand on.
The grand result reached by the amend-
ment I have suggested would bean immediate
payment of $300,000,000 of the public debt,
and an annual decrease of our interest pay-
ments of $15,000,000, thus reducing it at
once to $130,000,000, without hardship to the
banks and with incalculable benefit to tkepeo-
ple; this done, too, without the violation of
any plighted faith. How long will the Repre-
sentatives of the people refuse to do for their
benefit that which not one of those Represent-
atives would fail to do promptly if his own
personal interests were in a like manner
involved in the controversy? The important
feature to he secured to the paper-money cir-
culation of a country is cheapness, volubility,
security, and stability, all of which will be
reached by the adoption of the greenback in
lieu of the present divided circulation. And
I therefore strenuously urge the adoption in
whole of the greenback medium.
An appeal is made in favor of this bill, that
it will benefit the West and South. True, you
can establish additional banks there, and the
capital of the North and East may go in each
direction and give capital to organize such,
the profits of which will be realized by the
stockholders. But the circulation will not
remain and cannot be kept there if the stem
and undeviat.ing rules of trade indicate other-
wise. Bank notes, like all other commodities,
will go wherever they are of most value. They
will be drawn from the debtor to go to the
creditor. I desire to quote from the Philadel-
phia Public Ledger of a recent date, whose
financial editor is one of the most practical
and able writers on finance of the present day.
The paragraph is as follows :
"Mr. (.taej'ield, it is saiil, will present some fig-
tires showing the advantage of tho bill to the Wesr,
and that it will furnish more currency to about
twenty-five States. One ot the gulls m this piopo-
&ition is thafc by giving to the West more banlt3 it will
thereby necessarily have more currency, when the
truth is well known that currency, as coal, cotton, or
other commodity,invariably and all tho tune is in
scarch ol the best paying market for its use, and will no
more remain at its point of issue at a low rate of
interest when higher rates are bid for it elsewhere,
than coal or cotton will remain at their_ points of
production at verylowpriceswhen they will netgood
prices abroad in the open market. As our present
currency is of the same value throughout tho entire
tjnion, it is of no sort ofeonscquencc at what partic-
ular point the notes bear date so far as regards their
distribution. Currency will go just where it is worth
the most to the owners of it, and the longer bank
notes remain out the greater the profitto tbeissuinsf
bank. Banks established in the West will, other
things being equal, naturally send their circulation
farthest from home."
That this would be the practical working of
the bill if enacted into law I cannot doubt.
Now, let us examine what would be the
effect upon tlie South and her interests under
the proposed action. To arrive at a correct
knowledge iu this respect we should examine
her condition at the present time, her pro-
ductions daring the past year, and her prob-
able resources in the future. Her products
during the year it is estimated have been in
excess of her consumption about two hundred
and fifty million dollars, and ot course she is
the creditor section. She has a market at all
times open for her productions, with anxious
and ready purchasers, and this excess of pro-
duction is more likely to increase in the future
than decrease. The circulation of the country
will go to the South to purchase this excess
of production ; and to-day what the South
most requires is a system ot free banking open
to men of moderate means instead of the estab-
lishment of immense moneyed monopolies
such as we have in the North, to suck from
their industries its very vitals.
Gentlemen of the South, do not be deluded.
3t is better you should remain as you are than
that you should in all the future suffer from
these money corporations which have m the
.North accumulated wealth only to make money
scarcer and dearer. So it will be with you it
you accept of this proffered poisoned cup.
You are doing well, and to-day you are in a
better financial condition than any other part
of our wide country.
In conclusion, let me urge that we establish
a circulation based upon the credit and honor
of the Government, valuable and profitable
to all alike; granting no extra privileges, in-
terests, or special protection to banks, bank-
ers, individuals, or corporations of any kind
more than to any other trade, labor, or busi-
ness.
If the party of the majority shall fail to
come up to this standard and produce this
result, the people should and will look to other
and more faithful agents to promote and pro-
tect their prosperity in the long future.
I offer the following substitute:
A bill to authorize* tho issue of Treasury notes, not
bearing interest, to be used in providing a pinking
fund for the extinguishment of the national debt.
Be it enacted by tlie Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Omares# assem-
bled, That from and after the passage of this act it
shall be unlawful lor any individual, association, or
corporation to issue as money any note or bill not
authoj ized by act of Congress; and the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorized to issue, 011 the
credit of the United States, such sums as may be
necessary lor the purposes set forth in this act, not
cxcccding in tho aggregate amount $300,000,000, of
United States note?, not bearing interest, of such de-
nominationsas he may deem expedient, not loss than
fivo dollars each, which said notes shall be lawful
money and a legal tender for debts in like manner as
provided in tho first section of an net entitled "An
act to authorize the issue of United States notes, and
for the redemption or funding thereof, and for fund-
ing the floating debt of tho United States," passed
February 25,1862. And the provisions of the sixth
and seventh sections of said act are hereby reenacted
and applied to tho notes herein authorized.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnacted, That the notes
issued under this act shall be used only in exchango
i'or the circulating notes issued to national banking
associations under the provisions of an act of Con-
gress, approved March 3,18Gt, entitled "An act to
provide a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States bonds," <tec., and for the purchase of
such amounts of United States bonds as may bo
necessary to carry out the true intent of this_act.
Six. o. And be tt further enacted^ That alt circulat-
ing notes of national backing associations which may
hereafter be paid into the Treasury of the United
States shall be retained in the Treasury and not
again put 111 circulation; .and the Secretary of the
Treasury may pay out for circulation, as the wants
of the Government may require, an equal amount
of the United States notes hereby authorized to be
issued. And the Secretary of the Treasury may ex-
change United States notes issued under authority
of this act with any person or persons for a like
amount of circulating notes of national banking
associations. And the Secretary of the Treasury
shall notifj any banking association ot the amount
ot itb note* so accumulated, when such amount is not
less than $900; and the said banking association is
hereby required, within thirty days after the issuing
oi said notice, to redeem said notes at tho Treasury
of the United States in lawful money, and to present
the notes so redeemed to tho Secretary of the Treas-
ury for cancellation. And the Secretary ot the
Treasury is hereby directed to cancel the said notes
and to return to tho said banking association the pro-
portional e amount of United States bonds deposited
as security for the same.
Skc. i. And be it fu/thev enactcd, That in case any
national banking association shall neglect or declino
to redeem its circulating notes as provided in the pre-
ceding section within the thirty dajs theiein speci-
fied, tho Secretary of tho Treasury is hereby aul hor-
ized and directed to cancel said notes, and to pay
said banking association m the United States notes
authorized by this act the market value ot the United
States bonds deposited as sccunlv for said circulating
notes, deducting the amount nccc^sary to redeem
said notes, and to cancel said bond-, first furnishing
to said banking association 0 list of the number*,
dates, and denominations of the notes so canceled.
Sec. 5. And be it further cnacted. That when the
circulating notes of any national banking association
shall have been so tar redeemed and cauccled at tho
Treasury that tho remaining notes shall not exceed
three per cent, of the wholo amonnt of circulating
notes oricmally issued to said banking association
the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
and directed to return to said bonk the bonds depos-
ited as secuiity for its circulating notes, and said
banking association shall be relieved from its obliga-
tion to pay said notes remaining,in circulation, and
the same shall be redeemed by the Secretary oi the
Treasmy, and paid on presentation to the Treasury
out, ot any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Bkc. 6. And be It farifor enacted, That so much of
any law or laws as arc inconsistent herewith shall
be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, 1 regret to
disagree with the Committee on Banking and
Currency in relation to this bill: but it is a
matter of so much importance, and my con-
victions are so directly contrary to its provis-
ions, that I cannot indorse it in many,, of its'
important features. The measures that,we
adopt must necessarily at this time be tempo-
rary ; they must be only partial We cannot
now go into a radical change of the currency.
It would not be safe? in my judgment, to do so.
And, after all, the remedy as to currency is not
so much in legislation as in allowing the coun-
try by moderate and sensible measures to go 011
and increase, to become strong and wealthy by
growth, and by such temporary expedients as
we can devise adjusting the currency to the
wants of the people so as to accommodate them
in the various channels of business. Such a
readjustment is needed. But the radical and
sweeping measures proposed by several gen-
tlemen, to repeal the banking act, to retire the
bank currency, to retire the United Stales
notes, to put our currency on a coin basis or
to expand our paper circulation indefinitely by
free banking on the present basis, do not now
seem feasible.
Now, the bill as a partial readjustment of
the currency, in my judgment, does not do any
good, and is not a measure of any use. The
first section of the bill, which provides for
$95,000,000 more of bank notes, would be a
pretty good measure of itself, stripped of
everything else, if there was no other section
following it; for I do not think that $95,000,000
additional bank notes would injure the busi-
ness of the country in any degree whatever.
I believe they would be absorbed, and would be
used in the portions of the country that are now
destitute, as the large amount of circulation
and banking facilities in the eastern portion,
in the older States, is used there. All we ask
now in this matter is that the destitute portions
of this country iu point of banking facilities
and circulation be put upon the same footing
as the eastern and older States are placed; and
$95,000,000 would not more than do that. I
have again to say, what 1 have said before in
another debate, that if that will make a re-
dundant currency and circulation, a redun-
dancy of banking facilities in our country, as
many argue, and if it will injure us, why, m
the name of common sense, do not the facil-
ities in the eastern part of the country make
a redundancy and injure the people there? \Ve
say, then, that we only ask a fair distribution ;
and if the older portions of the country are
unwilling to yield up any of the currency and
circulation and banking facilities now assigned
to them under the law, wc say give us a share;
place us on a footing exactly the same as that
on which they stand and we ask no more.
The first section of this bill provides for
$45,000,000 of additional banking circulation
011 the basis of 1805, which I think is wrong;
but I will not discuss that. That is an imma-
terial matter. It should be on the basis of
property and population as now existing, which
can be very easily ascertained, and in my
amendment to the bill this is provided for.
Now this first section, in my judgment, expands
the currency, not $95,000,000, as would seem
to be the case upon the face of it, but in the
amount of $57,000,000. And right here I wish
to call the attention of the House to the pecu-
liarity of this bank circulation. Every dollar
of bank circulation adds only three fifths of its
amount to the amount of currency. In other
words, when you issue $100,000,000 of national
bank notes you only increase the aggregate
of the active circulation of this country by
$00,000,000. I repeat it, there is this pecu-
liarity about this bank circulation, that only
three fifths of the nominal increase are actually
ndded to the original amount of currencythe
other two fifths are thrown into the reserve.
But how do I make that out? Jtarises from the
peculiarity of the bank law, which requiies
Thai oven association in the oities
name.l shall at all times hare on baml, "- -u1iul
money of tho United Slates, an amo ru ; J
least iwenty-live per cent, ot .^,1 J"J
of if 55 notes in circulation and its deposits, and evuj-
other association shall at all times have on hand, m
