382
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
Senate.
Receipts and Expenditures—Mr. Sherman.
41st Oonw....2d Sess.
and he has repeatedly, as a member of the
House of Commons, voted for it.
But, to come back to some of our own au-
thors. Mr. Amasa Walker, lecturer on polit-
ical economy in Amherst College, has written
a very good work on the Science of Wealth,
in which he says, at page 322:
" It is unnecessary to say that this tax is in perfect
accordance with the firstmaxim laid down by Adam
Smith, 'that every man should be taxed according
to the revenue he derives under tho State,' and also
consistent with every other principle we have stated.
It is 'clear and plain' to tho contributor and every
other person. The income tax-payer knows when
and how much he pays, and it can be collected as
conveniently and economically as any other."
* * * * £ * 1:
" Of all modes of taxation this is the most just and
equitable. Everyman can. afford to pay according:
to his income, and ought to do bo. There is no other
perfect standard of taxation: none other which does
not inflict moro or less hardship and injustice."
" Were it to supersede all othor forms of taxation
perfect equality would bo established. Property and
labor would bear each its just share of the public
burdens."
Sir, if we could devise a system of taxation
that levied upon the aggregate income of all
the people of the United Statesa fair and right-
ful tax, it would be, as Mr. Walker says, the
best of our taxes, lie says further :
" Tho objection to this form of taxation ia the diffi-
culty of .ascertaining what a person's aotual income
is. In the first place, it issaid that many do not know
their own affairs so as to bo ablo to state their true
income. Thore is doubtless much of truth in this;
but the very fact that such a tax is certain to bo en-
forced every year will, in a short time, remove this
difficulty to a considerable oxtent, because men will
be compelled so to keep their accounts as to know
what they gain or lose. Tho operation of tho law in
this respeottherofore is favorable to private interest."
"Secondly, it is said that somo men will bo dis-
honest in their disclosures and statements, and there-
fore a correct result cannot bo readied. That many
men are dishonest 1 hero can be no doubt; but when
tho law taxing incomoK is rogularly cnibrood from
year to year the difficulty of concealment on the part
of tho tux-payer is constantly increasing, llisneigh-
bors and competitors in business havo an eye upon
him if tboy beliovo ho is making false statements,
and ho cannot long oscapo detoction."
• # * W * # * !! X *
"Tho immense ditToi-oiioo between the reported
incomes of the United States in 1864 and those of 1863,
oven after allowing for the general rise of prices,
serves to give an idea of tho advance that will nat-
urally bo made in tho application of tho incomo tax,"
And 1 may say hero that under the same law
fsvory year the income tux is being increased,
although the actual income of tho country is
being diminished, livery year that tho law is
unforced wo are getting nearer and nearer to a
true and accurate income tax.
Mr. Walker says further:
"Tho _third objection mado is that men do not
always liko tolinvo their income?known. Bill: why
t-liould they not ? We havo already said that In tiio
matter of taxation all aro copartners, having a t>ro
rata interest; what one does not pay another must.
therefore may rightfully domand such inform-
ation as shall furnish tho means of assessing a cor-
rect tax." >' ■" * r * * * *
" Our purpose is to show that so far as practicable
it (tho iucomo tax) ia the most just and economical
mode of raising a revenue."
Under the head of "State taxation," Mr.
Walker says :
. " That much hardship may often result from tax-
ing credits as well as property is undoubtedly true;
but that only affords additional ovidenco that the
income-tax principle is tho only correct one."
And again ;
' Theincome-tax principle, if universally adopted,
while it would doubtless relievo poll-tax payers of
their prssenttaxation would atthesame time bring
their interests into harmony with those of property
tax-payers, and thus promote tho general welfare of
the public."
I might also read from another author, a
citizen of Massachusetts, Mr. A. L. Perry,
professor in Williams College, who says, in his
Political Economy, page 444:
A1? tax, if the exact amount of income
■ could m all oases be ascertained, would be a perfectly
unexceptionable form of taxation."
Again :
" The income law at present in force in the United
States has perhaps been subject to less oomplaintthan
the manulaeturers' tax and other forms of indirect
taxation; and it is becoming more and more pro-
ductive every year, as tho forms are perfected," &c.
Mr. President, if Congress should now re-
peal the only tax that rests upon property, the
only tax that is drawn from the income of the
rich as contradistinguished from the poor; if
we higgle about the tax that is paid by the
two hundred and seventy-three thousand peo-
ple who pay our income tax, and yet keep
upon the people the taxes upon their sales, the
special taxes upon their employments, and all
tho burdens that now rest upon every article
consumed by the poor, it will be a sorry spec-
tacle. An English Parliament, when appealed
to under circumstances much less difficult,
maintained for twenty years in war a tax
approaching ten per cent, on incomes. After
the war was over they tried the other policy.
They again renewed the tax and levied it at the
rate of from one to three or four per cent, for
nearly thirty years more. And now, when we
are paying $30,000,000 to our pensioners, When
we are paying $126,000,000 to these capitalists
as the interest upon the public debt, for them
to complain of a tax of three per cent, upon
their surplus income above $1,000, because it
is inquisitorial, unjust, and unequal, does not
speak well for the patriotism of those who do it.
Most of the daily papers in the country seem
to be united in the general complaint against
the income tax. It is a very good evidence
that they are all doing very well and paying
very well, and they ought to be willing to pay
their portion of the income tax.
Now, sir, I could go on and produce a great
mass of authority from the practice of other
Governments, and I might prolong this part
of my argument almost indefinitely. I say the
most senseless and the most scandalous clamor
that has been made in this country is this
clamor against tho income tax. While we are
still levying a tax of live cents a pound on
coffee, twenty-five cents a pound on tea, and
three cents a pound on the sugar of the poor,
levying a tax upon every employment of life,
upon the sales of every little retail dealer, and
sending our deputies all over this broad land
to gather the little cents and dimes from them,
for the people whose incomes are over $1,000
to object to an assessment of three per cent, on
their surplus incomes I think is scandalous.
Mr. SCOTT. The assumption baa been
made throughout the Senator's argument that
the complaint comes only from those whose
incomes exceed $1,000. I wish to state to him
as a fact that 1 have received complaints from
a gentleman who represents a very large body
of widows and children in some ot' our cities,
all of whose incomes are less than $1,000, and
every one of whom has had to pay an income
tax upon tho dividends and interest which they
receive from their stocks and bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will bring me to
another branch of the argument which I intend
to notice. I repeat that the maintenance of
the income tax is an absolute necessity for any
system of internal taxes. If the Senate and
House should determineafterfull consideration
to repeal the income tax I shall favor the re-
peal of all the taxes upon consumption that
bear upon the great masses of the people. I do
not believe there is any such complaint about
the income tax. If I had my own way I would
retain the in'come tax at five per cent., making
such modifications as would afford the proper
exemptions; I would maintain the income tax
at five per cent, on all incomes above $1,000,
and then throw off these taxes upon consump-
tion that do oppress the poor, and do take
dollars out of the coffers of people who earn
them by their daily work.
Now, the operation of the law mentioned
by my honorable friend from Pennsylvania is
unjust, and ought to be corrected by the pro-
posed measure. The operation of the income
tax upon Government employes is unjust, be-
cause it does not put their income on the same
footing as other incomes. The income de-
rived from corporations is now subject to tax
without the deductions allowed to other in-
comes. ■ Why is that? It is because it is more
convenient for the Government to collect the
tax from corporations, and yet in that way wo
do levy an incomo tax upon the income of the
widow and the poor derived from corporations,
and do an injustice. The income law ought
to be corrected in that particular. If the Senate
is willing to go that far I should be very glad to
see it corrected, and to allow all incomes,
whether derived from corporations or frotg
interest on bonds, to go into the general income
return and collect it all directly from the person
who receives it, giving all an equal exemption.
It has been proposed and is proposed in the
House bill to increase the exemption from
$1,000 to $1,500. I do not think that is right.
Itmay be popular. There are now two hundred
and seventy thousand.people who pay income
tax. If the exemption is raised to $1,500, only
about one hundred and seventy thousand will
pay income tax, and one hundred thousand
people will probably be relieved from the tax.
But should they be? Is it just? Is it right?
There is no reason for any exemption, except
the fact that the incomes of those who receive
less than $1,000 per annum are necessary for
their daily food and daily consumption. They
pay taxes on their consumption which fully
make up their share of the $1,000 exemption.
When you go above $1,000 you reach a region
whore persons are "passing rich," as Gold-
smith's vicar says, " on £40 a year." They
are independent when they have $1,000 net
income, after paying taxes and all the exemp-
tions provided by the income law. I do not,
therefore, see any justice in raising the exemp-
tion, although I can see that it would be very
popular with the one hundred thousand well-
to-do people who would thus be relieved from
the income tax, throwing the whole burden
upon those who are of the wealthier class.
If the income tax be now maintained at the
rate proposed by the committee, of three pet-
cent. on all incomes above $1,000, including
in the general income incomes derived from
corporations and from all other sources, the
people will gradually become accustomed to
the tax, and those who are called upon to pay
it will pay it cheerfully. It will be a mode and
manner of equalizing incomes from different
sources, and will yield us from thirty to forty
million dollars annually, probably enough to
pay the pensioners who are now dependent
upon our bounty.
I have thus stated, I know very imperfectly,
the general ideas that influenced the Commit-
tee on Finance in reporting this bill. The sub-
stance of the whole is contained in the table
which has been laid on the desks of Senators,
and which I will add to my remarks. We pro-
pose to repeal about two thirds of the number
of internal taxes, leaving nothing but the taxes
on whisky, tobacco, fermented liquors, income,
and stamps; repealing all the rest, and modify-
ing the income tax and reducing it $14,000,000.
This will leave in force about one hundred and
fifteen millions of internal revenue, which will
be ample, with the amount we collect from the
duties on imported goods, to carry on the oper-
ations of the Government, pay the sinking fund,
and leave us a surplus of from twenty-five to
thirty millions anuually.
This is margin enough for an equal reduction
in other taxes during the next session of Con-
gress, and this process of reduction will, I trust,
continue until all the burdens of the war are
lifted from the industry of our people; and all
that will be left of a painful struggle will be
the increased strength and power and glory of
our country, compared with its condition be-
fore the war, when internal faction continually
threatened its overthrow.
