3284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 0,
which is of no immediate public utility. If
the laws that are of a general bearing, and
which have an important relation to the peo-
ple of the country generally, could be pub-
lished at once upon their passage in one news-
paper in each congressional district where they
would be accessible it would be a great im-
provement upon the present system, and would
not probably increase the expense of the pres-
ent system, and it would induce the people to
look into those papers for the laws, and tbey
would rely upon them.
My experience is that it is not true that the
laws are generally published in the newspapers
as a matter of news. It is not true in any sense
that they are so published. Here and there,
occasionally, a newspaper publishes some im-
portant law of a general bearing, or ofpeculiar
and particular interest and moment to the
locality in which the paper is published.
As 1 mid in the outset, 1 think tho system
might be improved ; but I do not think it is
good policy to pass laws and then keep them
from the pubiic knowledge for weeks and
months, almost a year after they are passed.
That is as bud as the Roman system of which
we read in our boyhood, where the emperor
issued edicts, and posted them in compliance
with the law, but so lar out of reach that they
could not be read, and then punished the peo-
ple who violated them because of their lack of
knowledge of the laws which he put out of
tb«Mr reach.
Mr. CORBETT. I am opposed to this amend-
ment, and until the Senatorfrom Rhode Island
shall present some better plan than that here-
tofore adopted I think we had better stand by
the old system. I know that tire people of our
Bectioi; of the country expect the publication
of the laws in the newspapers, and the publica-
tion is of very great advantage to them. \Ve do
not receive "the laws published in pamphlet
form until some time after they are enacted,
and then it is a long time before we can frank
them nnd forward them to oar friends. Besides,
before this session of Congress shall have
passed away, as the Senatorfrom Nevada sug-
gests. we may do away with the franking priv-
ilege, and that may deprive us of the benefit
of the publication of the laws in that form ; or
we may determine to publish no documents at
all. Therefore I am in favor of continuing the
publication of the laws in at least two papers
in every State. I know it is considered of great
importance in our State. The paper there next
to the most important in the State publishes
these laws. 1 think we had better continue the
By st em.
Mr. PATTERSON1. It seems to roe that
it woald be a great saving if we should adopt
this amendment. My friend from Nevada rep-
resents that the people of bis State seize upon
these laws when published in the newspapers
end read them with great avidity. If that is
true I should think it was hardly necessary to
make an appropriation of Government funds
to publish them in the newspapers of Nevada.
I should suppose it woald be a profitable work
for the newspapers there to publish the laws
without any special appropriation by Congress
for the purpose, because it would increase their
circulation.
So far as my observation goes, the papers
which can live in our country without the pnb-
lication of the laws do not rare to have them,
and will not accept this proffer of the publica-
tion of the laws on the part of the Government.
The only papers which desire the publication
ore some small county papers that cannot live
without it; and the very fact that they cannot
live without the publication of the laws is one
of the reasons why they should not publish
them, because they have so small a circulation
that the people do not get access to them.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to ask the Senator
whether his State paperdoes not publish them?
Mr. PATTERSON. It does when the State
paper happens to receive that honor.
Mr. NYE. When the honorable Senator
designates that as one of the papers in which
this publication shall be made.
M r. PAT fERSON. They are passed around;
sometimes given to one and sometimes given
to another. The publication of the laws has
been offered to some papers who have refused it.
Mr. NYE. Exactly; but 1 undertake to say
that the State paper of New Hampshire is pub-
lishing these laws.
Mr. PATTERSON. What does the Sen-
ator mean by " State paper V" All the papers
iu my State are State papers.
Mr. NYE. I mean the paper published at
the capital of the State.
Mr. PATTERSON. We have several papers
published at the capital.
Mr. NYE. 1 mean the leading Republican
organ.
Mr. PATTERSON. None of those pub-
lished there cares to be called the " leading
organ." They are all leading.
Mr. NYE. I presume the papers published
in the capital of the State might be considered
more leading papers than the papers published
in the town of the honorable Senator. A paper
published at the capital of the State hasa larger
circulation, I suppose, thaa his local paper.
Mr. PATTERSON. One of the papers, cer-
tainly, published at the capital of the State has
refused to publish these laws, for the reason
that it does not pay; and the papers that de-
sire to publish them are simply county papers.
If it is an object to keep up the circulation of
the oonnty papers that may be a reason for
making an appropriation of $60,000 for that
parpose; but unless that is desirable I do not
think we ought to expend $50,000 for this
purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope that now, when
we are endeavoring to economize the expenses
of the Government, we shall strike out this
appropriation. No newspaper wants this pub-
lication. It is very true that some papers of
large circulation and character may consent
to publish these laws because it gives a cer-
tain prestige. Then, again, some papers have
always published the laws, and therefore they
would not like to give up the publication; but
no newspaper that has never had it would take
it, unless it is a paper of very small circulation
indeed, and then it is of no value to them. It
is no favor to any paper to give them this job.
It costs almost as much to set the type as the
publication amounts to.
The publication of aconipilation of the laws
' in each congressional district, as suggested by
my friend from Iowa, to be paid for, as it
would have to be, at the ordinary rates of ad-
' vertising, would cost half a million and per-
haps a million dollars. It is a thing we could
not think of. I hope this amendment will
prevail.
The Senator from Nevada savs that a con-
stituent of bis met with a very great loss be-
cause he did not see a certain law of Congress
in time. Well, this system prevailed then; so
that he would be no worse off if we did not
publish the laws than before.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to inform thoSen-
ator that at that time it took about thirty days,
I believe, for a mail to go to Nevada.
Mr. ANTHONY. He woald not have read
it when it did-come, because the people of
Nevada have their own laws, and manage their
own afiaira pretty much in their own way.
Mr. NYE. I wish that was so; but the hon-
orable Senator is mistaken. I mentioned that
faet simply to illustrate what I consider a wrong
practice on the part of Congress. A law is
passed here, to take effect immediately, which
affects all the whole landed districts of this
country, and the people are not aware of it
for some time afterward.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is a great mistake,
undoubtedly, on the part of Congress.
Mr. NYE. Now, in the present course of
the mails, we should have such a law out there i
in nine or ten days at the outside, and it coulc}
be guarded against as much as possible; but
to pass laws here to take effect immediately,
i affecting our lands or our mines, is a great
injustice, and it works hardships beyond my
power to describe. I hope, whatever may be
done on this subject, some means will be pro-
vided to enable the people to know when laws
are passed, if they are pssed in that way.
Mr. ANTHONY. That certainly is very
desirable and very proper.
The Senator from Iowa says that the news-
papers do not publish the laws. They do not
generally publish them at length, and officially^
and formally ; but they publish the substance
of them. The substance of all important laws
is conveyed by telegraph to every part of the
country, and is published in every considerable
city in the Union just as soon as it is published
in the city of Washington. Then, if a man
wishes to know the exact, formal, and tech-
nical law, he does not go to a newspaper ; he
goes to a lawyer, if he is a man of any sense;
he goes to a man who can interpret and ex*
pound the laws. If he wishes to know the
general law he finds that in every newspaper
in the land.
If we are to continue the publication of the
laws in this way there should be some provis-
ion requiring the newspapers to publish them
immediately after their promulgation. Now,
they do not publish some of them until six
months after they are promulgated. I venture
to say that Senators are in the receipt every
day of newspapers containing the publication
of the' laws of the last session of Congress,
and they are not completed yet. I think it is
an entire waste of public money.
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to ask the
Senator, if we should require the newspapers
to publish the laws as soon as they are passed,
whether that would not be Impracticable?
Would it not take up the entire space of many
of. the papers ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it would be neces-
sary to par a much higher price for the work.
Mr. PATTERSON. It would destroy their
circulation for ail other purposes.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think advertis-
ing then* in the newspapers is the proper way
of promulgating the laws of the United States.
I do not think it is the best for the people,
and I do not think it is the most economical
for the Government. If this amendment is
going to be lost I do not wish to offer aa
amendment to it; but if I offer an amendment
to it, and it is lost, I presume I can offer the
amendment again in another part of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator to offer his amendment separately,
and let as try the question on this amendment
of the committee first.
Mr. ANTHONY. The amendment I was
going to suggest was to insert in line three
hundred and forty-five, after the word "pow-
ers," the words "and of the Biennial Register."
I think Senators will all agree to discontinue
that publication. It is not of the least possible
use.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think- that is the most
convenient thing we have.
Mr. ANTHONY.. It was due six months
ago, and has not been printed yet.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the fault of the
printer.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is not a single
thing in this Biennial Register, except the cata-
logue of female clerks, that is not printed in
another form, more authentic, and half the
time, later. . ■
Mr. SHERMAN. Are the names of the
postmasters printed in any other publication ?
Mr. ANTHONY. The list of postmasters
is printed by the Postmaster General in am
official list, and two years later than this pub-
lication half the time. So is the Army Regis-
ter.; so is the Navy Register; so is the Diplo-
matic and Consular Register; and there ia
nothing left to be inserted in this Biennial
