1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
5173
oar institutions will be assured in proportion
as you respect these great principles. Recon-
struction will have new strength when you
show this homage to human nature.
And yet in the face of all this we are now
asked to retreat; to retrace the gteps already
taken; to reconsider the vote that has been
adopted, and to confirm in the statutes those
words which are there without any sanction
in the Constitution, and in defiance of the Dec-
laration of Independence. Sir, I will not be-
lieve that the Senate will do any such thing
until the vote is recoided. Butwhatever may
be the result, I give notice that I shall not
cease my effort. I shall continue it to the end.
I am a soldier for the war, and until I see this
great Declaration a living letter, I shall never
intermit my endeavors. I shall go forward,
and on every possible occasion I shall press
the Senate to another vote. But I trust the
Senate will not reconsider what they have
done; but that they will settle this great ques-
tion so that it shall never again disturb our
debates.
Something I might say here on the "prac-
tical." Some Senator to-day has said some-
thing about being practical, taking to himself
great credit on this account. Of course I who
make this effort am not practical! I simply
strive to bring the statute in harmony with the
Constitution and the Declaration of Independ-
ence; but that is not practical! Our fathers
were not practical when they put forth the
great Declaration. Our fathers were not prac-
tical when they established the Constitution
without the word "white!" Of course I am
not practical, because I humbly strive to imi-
tate the fathers ! Now, sir, which is the more
practical, to allow this word to remain, breed-
ing debate, controversy, strife, or at once to
strike it out and complete our great work of
reconstruction? This is something to do. Tell
me not that it is not practical. Is there any-
thing in the bill that is equally practical ?
There are provisions, as I said this morning,
for the safeguard of naturalization which I
value much; but how small in value compared
with the establishment of that great principle
which fixes forevermorc the fundamental idea
of the Republic! Is not that practical? Why,
sir, the two cannot be compared. Both are
important, but the first belongs to the class of
policies or expedients, and not of principles.
Adopt it, and you will help the machitiery_of
naturalization, which I desire to do. But strike
out the word "white" from your statutes, and
you will do an act of justice whose influence
will be immeasurable. The Republic will be
exalted, and all our institutions will have new
strength and security.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
Mr. FENTON. I ask the Senator to allow
me a moment.
Several SnarATOfss. Question!
Mr. STEWART. If a vote can be taken I
will not speak.
Mr. FENTON. As stated previous to the
recess, I made this motion in contradiction 
Mr. STEWART. It has already been made
by your colleague.
Mr. FENTON. Allow me a word. I made
this motion to reconsider in contradiction of
my own position and my conviction on this
question. I did so because my friend from
Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] who was intending to
make the motion, was then absent from his
seat. I made it also in the expectation that a
vote would be reached immediately, and that
the vote upon the question would be considered
a test. My friend from Maine has now resumed
his seat, and is willing to renew this motion,
and I therefore, respectfully, on my part, with-
draw the motion I made to reconsider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nye.)
The Chair will inform the Senator from New
York that his colleague renewed the motion
to reconsider, and therefore the motion is before
the Senate.
Mr. STEWART, I wish to make a few
remarks.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire the Senate to take
notice that I stated that the motion was made
by the Senator from New York immediately be-
fore me, [Mr. Fenton,] when his colleague-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada was awarded the floor.
Mr. STEWART. I am suffering the inter-
ruption.
Mr. SUMNER. When his colleague inter-
rupted me to say that the motion was not made
by the Senator before me.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts a question or two.
Does the Constitution allow a Chinaman to
be President of the United States? It allows
a negro to be President; but does it allow a
Chinaman to be President? I think not.
Mr. SUMNER. If born in this country, of
course.
Mr. STEWART. Did anybody ever hear
of a Chinaman being born in this country?
Mr. SUMNER. Did you ever see an Afri-
can born in this country?
Mr. STEWART. No; I never did.
Mr. SUMNER. I have.
Mr. STEWART. An American is born
here. Did you ever see an Englishman born
in this country, or a Scotchman?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada will address the Chair.
Several Senators. Question! question!
Mr. STEWART. If there is any talk of that
kind, I will speak for two hours. I am not
willing to let the trifling manner in which this
question is treated by ihe Senator from Mas-
sachusetts in its practical consequences pass
without a single remark. He says there is no
danger. The emigration from China to the
Pacific coast is two or three to one to the emi-
gration from all other sources. In the State
of California there are now at least eighty
thousand Chinamen. There will be sixty thou-
sand voters in that number. The present vote
of the Stale is only about one hundred thou-
sand. Since last January eight thousand have
arrived there.
If we do have peace and they are naturalized
there is no doubt about the proposition at all,
as immigration comes faster from China than
from anywhere else, that in less than five years
they will be in the majority there. Everybody
understauds that very well. If they are allowed
to he imported, as they are now imported, and
allowed to be naturalized, there will not be
peace but war; for we shall be overpowered
as the Chinamen are overpowered. They will
he massacred, and we shall be helpless to de-
fend them as wo have been trying to do. That
will be the practical operation of it. But if
they should get into power, they will seek of
course to adopt their own institutions, which we
will not permit.
Talk about this question being settled by
extending naturalization! Let mo tell the
Senate what will be the practical effect of ex-
tending naturalization to them, and I desire the
Senate to understand distinctly what will be its
practical effect on that coast. It will be two
years before any of them can become citizens.
In those two years those who are opposed to
them will carry on a constant war against them.
You will have to send your Army there, because
every friend of theirs will be out of power. There
is not a precinct where there can be a constable
elected who is a friend to the Chinaman. But
you say he is to have political power. There
will be no moral force left among the good and
those who wish to protect them, and every man
who is a friend of the Chinaman understands it.
I have been his best friend for twenty years. I
have been the best friend he ever had. I have
always stood by him. I say that during that
period he will be maltreated, murdered, exterm-
inated. The result will be that we shall have
war during the whole of that time., and he never
will be allowed to vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Nevada what he prapo&es
to do with the children of those Chinamen who
are born in this country?
Mr. STEWART. Treat them just the same
as anybody else.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are they not to vote?'
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You have got hundreds
of them in San Francisco.
Mr. STEWART. No; we have not.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President—["Ques-
tion!"] Do not be disturbed. Iam not going
to make a speech. I simply wish to say to the
Senator from Massachusetts, who has accused
me, in courteous terms, to be sure, of with-
holding this bill to the last moment, that I
think, when he reflects a little, he.will acquit
me of any malignant purpose about it; will
he not?
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, yes; certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the Senator from
Massachusetts knows that I have been perfectly
justified in what I have done about this bill.
I should be glad to say something on this sub-
ject, not on the chief merit of the question,
but on what I think the bearing of it is as dis-
tinct from what my friend from Massachusetts
has said about the Declaration of Independ-
ence; but I see everybody wants to have a
vote, and nobody cares anything about the
rules, and therefore to-morrow, or some other
day, I shall move an amendment on some bill
and express my views on the subject.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the Senator,
who is a member of the Judiciary Committee,
who held this bill from the 23d day of March,
18G9, to the 20th day of June, 1870—fifteen
months, why that bill was held so long; why
we had no opportunity to act upon it ? Ana
then the members of that very committee come
in here and press it at a time when we have got
two or three hundred bills crowding and jos-
tling each other, and have no time to consider
it. I should like to know why this bill was not
reported before.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this ques-
tion the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. What is the question ?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on reconsidering the amendment offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. FOWLER. On all the questions con-
nected with this bill I am paired with the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, [Mr. Abbott.] If
he were here he would vote "yea," and I
should vote " nay."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On this ques-
tion I am paired with the Senator from Ne-
braska, [Mr. Thayer,] If he were here he
would vote " yea," and I should vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman,Chandler, Cook-
ling, Corbett, Cragin, Davis,Drake, Jldmunds,Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan, McCreery,Mor-
ton, Nye, Ramsey, Saulsbnry, Scott, Stewart. Stock-
ton, Thurman. Tipton, Vickers, Warner, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Brownlow. Fenton, Harris, Kel-
logg, McDonald, Morrill ofMaine, Pomeroy, Revels,
Robertson, Ross, Spencer, Spraguc, Sumner, and
Trumbul I—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames. Anthony, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cass«rly, Cattell, Cole,
Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler. Gilbert, Hamilton of
Texas. Howard, Howe. Howell, Johnston, Lewis,
Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Osborn, Patterson,
Pool, Pratt, llice, Sawyer, Sehurz, Sherman, Thayer,
and Yates—31.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs upon the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. Upon that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. That is open to debate, is
it not?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
