1870.
THfi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3285
Register except the names of the clerks in the
Departments, aud I believe most of the De-
partments have a departmental directory.
This work does not cost a great deal, and is
not distributed very largely, but it is an utter
waste of money to publish it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not published by
the Government
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was not formerly.
Mr. ANTHONY. Since I have been con-
nected with the public service it has been.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Where is the appropria-
tion for it in this bill?
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose there is an
appropriation in this bill for it. No; I am
mistaken; it comes out of the general appro-
priation for the public printing.
Mr. POMEROY. I am sure I have never
seen any appropriation for it.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a joint resolu-
tion of Congress ordering its publication, and
the cost of it comes out of the general appro-
priation for the public printing. I wilt not
offer the amendment to the amendment now.
I will try my luck upon the amendment of the
committee.
Mr. SAWYER. Although a member of the
Committee on Appropriations I was not on
tiie committee at the time this amendment
was adopted by that committee; and while I
do not like to oppose anything that has been
adopted by the committee, I feel that there is
some importance in publishing these laws,
especially in the part of the country from
which I come.
1 am well aware that in the more populous
States, where newspapers are circulated very
much more largely, and where there is indeed
a population of such a character as to get much
more familiar with the public acts of Congress
than in the section of country which I hive
the honor in part to represent, it is not of
much consequence; but with us we want every
possible means of diffusing information as to
the acts of Congress that can be obtained.
And we are at this present time having the
publication for the first time of acts, of Con-
gress that were passed during the war. There
is a large body of the legislation of Congress
which has never been published in the south-
ern States at all, and which is not accessible
to the public in any form whatever; and I
regard it as of great consequence that this pub-
lication should continue, so that somewhere in
those States, ia some form, the entire laws of
Congress shonld be published at some time.
There are other reasons which could be
adduced, but that which I have stated will be
sufficient to govern my vote on this question ;
that is that the laws ought to be published at
some time ia every one of the States, and-they
have not been so published. If this amend-
ment prevails it does not enable the geueral
public in those States to understand at all what
the laws are.
In reply to the remark made by the honor-
able Senator from Rhode Island that nobody
reads these laws, I will say that those men who
are interested in the application of any special
statute do read them. I know the general
public do not read the long list of laws which
are published, even their own State laws ; but
if there is any subject which applies to the
particular vocation or the particular interests
of any citizen, when he sees the title of such
an act he reads that act. It is of use to him,
and every such publication is of use to some
c ass of citizens, and is attended to by some
class of ci'izens.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from South
rolma, I suppose, refers to a very good-
natored piece of folly ^if it is proper for me
B6e that term of an act of Congress) that
passed some sessions ago, authorizing the
publication ®t the laws of previous Congresses
1 e States which had been in rebellion, which
ga*e to the people of South Carolina, Georgia,
and Louisiana the valuable information of how
much money we paid to the Choctaws, and
how much money we paid to the Kickapoos,
and how much we paid for the pages, and how
much we paid for stationery for every year
during the time of the rebellion. The object
of that law was to give a certain support to the
Republican newspapers of those States, and
there was no other object and no other reason
whatever for it; and the money—I say with
great respect to those papers and with great
sympathy for my professional brethren in those
States who are struggling to maintain the prin-
ciples which I believe are identified with the
good of the country—was entirely thrown away.
That bill, as it came from the House, gave to
the papers in those States the ordinary rates
of advertising for publishing those laws, which
would have made the cost of the publication, I
think, more than $1,250,000. It was amended
in the Senate so as to pay only the ordinary
price allowed for the publication of the laws,
which I think is not more than ten per cent,
of the customary price of advertising.
I do not suppose the adoption of this amend-
ment will cut off that amount of patronage,
whatever it ia, and I am perfectly willing to
have it modified so that it snail not. We have
authorized the publication of the back laws of
those States, and newspapers have been con-
tracted with, and I think we ought to keep
faith with them. I think it was a very foolish
provision, but I would not have it abrogated
now.
The Senator says they have not yet got
through publishing those old laws. It was
three years ago that their publication was
authorized, and it is not finished yet. Of what
use is the promulgation now to the people of
thesouthern States of laws passed years ago ?
If any man has his interests or his rights
affected by any of these laws he goes to a
lawyer. Whatever effect any of them may
have has been accomplished long before he
will ever see them in a newspaper published
five or six years afterward.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine.. Mr. President,
this proposition has been argued upon a theory
which I do not think is justitied. The Senator
from Oregon suggested that we demand obe-
dience to the law, and of coarse should furnish
opportunity of knowledge of thn law. Now,
there is a fiction in the law that every man ia
presumed to know what the law ia; every man,
it is held, is bound to know .what the law is;
but of course not every person is held to have
a perfect knowledge of the Jaw. Nobody ever
supposed that, and no Government ever felt
itselfbound to furnish the opportunities of peo-
ple being acquainted with the law. Nor is it
according to anybody's knowledge or belief
or experience that the great bulk of the com-
munity even read these acts or ever would read
them if they were to be published in all the
newspapers of the country. You may publish
these laws in all your papers throughout the
country, and they will be read by very few, aud
they will be understood by a very small portion
of those who do read them. If a man wants
to know what the law is he goes to his lawyer
or somebody in whom he confides. Now, to
say that with our system of railroads and tele-
graphs and presses any American citizen any-
where within our broad limits is in danger of
beingentrapped because the laws we are passing
in Congress are not disseminated, or because
they are put high above their heads, as iny
friend from Indiana suggested by way of illus-
tration, so that they could not be reached,.has
no force. That illustration has no application
in our history. No lawis inaugurated here that
is not flashed over the wires, if it is of any con-
sequence. Here are the lookers-on, the agents
of the people, anxious for everything that in-
terests the people anywhere, and it is flashed
over the wires, North, East, South, and West,
even when it is merely contemplated: and when
it takes the form of an act that act goes every-
where. So, then, when you come to the real
necessity of publishing these laws to protect the
legal rights of the people, I do not think there
is any necessity for it. That the publication is
of some advantage to particular presses I can
understand ; but we are not legislating in that
interest particularly, though I would be the lust
man to legislate against it. I would give the
press all the facilities I reasonably could ; but
looking at it as a question of legislation, 1
doubt exceedingly whether there is that neces-
sity for the publication of the laws in the news-
papers which justifies the outlay.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Committee on Appro-
priations as modified.
The question being put, the amendment was
declared to be agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 should like to havo a
division.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senate i3
thin now, and I suggest that there can be a
division in the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Very well; I will take
the vote iu the Senate, and withdraw the call
for a division now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope now the motion
made by me to. reconsider the amendment in
regard to the chief clerk in the State Depart-
ment will be acted on.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let the vote be
reconsidered, and then pass the matter over.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suggest that it be re-
served until we come into the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I may not be here then,
and I think it may as well be acted on now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote on the
amendment referred to will be regarded as
reconsidered; and the question is on agreeing
to the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion to the reconsideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the effect of the
amendment be stated to the Senate in a word.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will call the attention
of the Senate to it. In line three hundred and
thirty there was an amendment adopted, add*
ing, afterthe words " chief clerk," " $2,200 ;"
so as to make the appropriation for the salary
ef the chief clerk of the State Department
$2,200. The practical effect of that i3 to raisa
his salary. That will not be the legal effect
though, because the salary of the chief clerk
of the Departmentof State is fixed by a general
law which gives the chief clerk of each Depart-
ment the salary of $2,000 a year. This appro-
priation of course cannot change the law. The
purpose is to change the law. If we are going
to change the salary of any chief clerk, we must
change the salary of all. I hope the amendment
will not be agreed to unless a general rule is
adopted applying to all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let the matter
be passed over.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the disposition of
tbis matter?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
passes from the consideration of the Senate
without being acted upon.
Several Senators. Let us act on it now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better act
on it now.
Mr; SUMNER. Is the chairman of the com-
mittee going to give his consent to that being
struck out?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have given no
consent about it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator seemed to
regard it with great complacency, I thought.
Senators ask me what is the reason lor this
amendment. The reason is that the chief
clerk of the State Department has been in
the service there more than twenty years; I
rather think twenty-three or twenty-four years.
