1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4229
Let me quote some of this testimony. First
in the list is Jay Gould, who says, in answer
to the questions put to him, as follows :
"Question. How much gold and gold certificates
do you estimate that there was in ail New York,
outside of the Treasury, 011 tlie 22d of September?
"Aivuosr. I think there were about sixteen or
eighteen millions. I think there were about eight-
een millions of certificates outstanding, and there
■were about two or three millions of that scattered in
Boston and Baltimore and Philadelphia, used in tho
ordinary course of transactions there, which were
issued from the New York sub-Treasury. Then there
was mors or less gold that was in vaults, and which
would have come out. Belmont had a lot of doubloons,
and some other houses had alot of doubloons, which
they would have converted into certificates if gold
had bccome scarce; but gold was not scarce at any
time.
"Question, Taking tho t gold certificates and the
gold altogether, noi oonnririgthe sab-Treasury, how
much do you think was in New York at that time?
"Answer, i should say there were about fourteen
million:; of gold certificates, and I think that there
were about three or four millions of gold.
"Question. You would say, then, tnafc there wero
not more than twenty millions of gold ceitiiioales
and gold altogether7
"Annoer. Not over that. Some of the Montreal
banks send gold down to New York. They are largo
speculators. _ They throw gold on the market thcro
and convcrt it into certificates."
Next comes James Fisk, who says:
" Question, How much do you think you and your
associates held the eight before the break-down?
"J nwer. I cannot say for myself and associates,
for the reason that T do not know. I can say for my-
self and tho different parties whom I know to hold
long gold, based upon the belief that the Govern-
ment would not sell, that, wo held, perhaps, sixty
millions.
" Question. In other word?, sixty millions of calls?
"Atiticcr. That is exactly it; of course we knew
there were only about thirteen or fourteen millions
of gold that could corac in on to us.
"Qt-cstinn. V/a? your situation such that every-
body who had ccokl mu^tbuy of you?
"Annocr. if we called in the thirteen millions,
the*e parties uiust take the gold of us. I told them,
as I stUed, that our plan was to put gold up to 4.5,
and that we wore pcrteclly safe then, for we could
loan the gold four time-* over and make as much
 « if w1 sold if, but to wait until this excucment was
over; for, I assure you, I never have made money
in an excitablc muikct. I preferred, therofoie, to
wait until the prices wero steadv at about -15; when
they droppeddown t^ *13 we would buy it over again,
and so make a great deal of money without bringing
on any corner infold at all. If our plan aucceedcd
wo had nothing to do but, to make money ail the
tiue.
"By 21r. Uracil vrd:
" Qte:*ti>hi. Where wero tho thirteen or fourteen
millions of gold which 3 on say were m existence?
"Anwer. Supposed to be in the banks, but the
banks always kent if. loaned out.
" Qi*rn*i ti. In these purchases to whum you have
rcf' rrcd, did vour parties have any actual gold?
"Anmcer. Yes; wehad probably three or four mil-
lions actual gold."
Next comes William J. Woodward, a promi-
nent New Yoik banker, who cays:
" Question. How much gold was actually in the
navkct at that time?
"Answer. Outside of the sub-Treasury, about four-
ijzn millions. . .
" Question. In whose possession wos it / .
'*An*ivcr. It wa? in possession of the foreign bank-
(rs. and m pos session ot 1 he banks.
" Qvesftoii. Does that $11,GU),0UU cover the told
certificates and >il! ? .
"Answer. Yes; i think mat was all oi the avail-
able gold in the market.
•* Question. XV js thei e any gold of anv amount
elsewhere in the United SKlc1*, in other cities t
"Ansicr. There must have been: for gold cameto
New York as the price advanced.
" Question. V/as there an effort made to get gold
from San Francisco at thi?t time?
"Answer. Not that I am aware of. xiiere wero
some transmissions of gold to tho Last through tho
Treasury Dopartnientfrom San Irancisco aooutthat
Question. Do you know whether there weru any
coi)!.iuer:iblo ..mount? of gold    the b*nks outside
of Now York ? T ,,
"Answer. I do not. I suppose thcro were smaii
amounts, but perhaps not ver> considerable.
" QiX'Aion. Where should you soy tne greater part
of tho gold in the country at that time was /
"Ansi.-er. It was in^ the sub-'xreasury, and m the
banks of Now Yoik.''
Next comps C. C. Norvell. financial editor
of the New York Times, who says:
"Bv the Chairman:
"Question. Could the gold cxcaange clearing sys-
tem continue to exist if a icturn to spccio payment
should take place?
" Ansice-. Ofcouise not.
" 35v Mr. ConuRX:
"Question. How much specio is tnere to resume
specie payment on? ...
" Answer. X do not laioiv. The only tangible
amount is ono hundred and five or one hundred and
ten millions in the Treasury, and about fifty of that
is owned by the public in the shape of certificates."
Next comes A. A. Lowe, one of the most
respectable mercantile men of I be land, who
says:
" Question. Did the Secretary of the Treasury on
that occasion, so far as you know, give any, i he least,
indication of the policy of the Government in refer-
ence to the sales of gold ?
"Ansioer. I am not aware that ho did.
u Question. Are you aware of any efforts on that
occasion to draw from the Secretary an expression
on that subject?
■"Answer, lam not. After Mr.Botitwellhadspokon,
the president of one of our banks (I think without
invitation) rose to develop his own views in regard
to the subject of specie payment, and he shocked
some of the gentlemen present by suggesting that
tho country was in a high condition ot prosperity,
and that the true policy was to drift along. Mr.
Grinneli did not ask for any general expression of
opinion, but rather yielded to tho wishes of several
gentlemen who wero present to repudiate such a
financial policy—tho Secretary having disclaimed
having any financial policy of his own. Among
others. I took occasion myself to say to the Secretary
that tho price of gold, which was then commencing
to rise, could not bo kept down if the Government
pursued its policy of holding seven tenths of all tho
gold in tho country, when there were such manifold
uses for it, for tho payment of duties, and for all
other purposes of trade; and I took occasion further
to say, that it was an opportunity which a merchant
had not often to speak, and that I hoped I should
not go beyond what was becoming and proper. 1
said that tho financial columns of our press wore, or
a ppoarcd to bo, very largely in tho hands of specu-
lators, and that while there was a groat huo and cry
if a few millions of greenbacks were withdrawn from
tho maikct, seven tenths of all tho gold in the coun-
try was loeked up in the Treasury of tho United
States instead of being utilized, and was withheld
from tho uses of tho country. That is about all that
transpired, audibly, in regard to gold. Whatever
may have passed between individuals I do not know.
Mr. Greeley had previously spoken of the patriotic
duty of subscribing to a. six or four or four and a half
per cent, loan, and, .L believe, in favor of gold sales;
also, Mr. Stewart m fa\ or of hard money."
" l>y Mr. Coi;URN :
" Question. You say thai about, sovcn-tcnths of all
the gold in the country is locked up in theTreasury;
will you state to tho committee the means of knowl-
edge which you have, and the facts which you have
in your possession, m rotere.ice to tho amount of
gold m this country?
"A.i-Hvr. 1 have .said that seven-tenth? of all the
gold wa* looked up m the Treasury. L do not mean
to say that I spoke with any degree of accuracy, but
as iliustiatmg my argument.
" Question. W o are all at, sen on the question of pro-
portionate amount of gold in theTreasury, and would
hke to hear your views on the subject?
"Ansioer. 1 have no amount of knowledgoin refer-
ence to it; but I apprehend there is very little gold
in the country, except what is in the vaults of the
Government Tu-a^ury. t believe that the Govern-
ment Trea'-ury here, and at other points, holds the
greater part of all the gold m the country, and that
there is really very little gold out of ir. Ishouldnot
know where to look for any more than a few gold
pieces wit h any individual or any institution. Somo
who require to u,:c gold may havo a little m their
own keeping. Our banks have .some, but it is gen-
erally in the shape of certificates oi gold. Still there
is somo gold m the city of New York out of the public
Treasury; but beyond the city of New York, and
beyond the Treasury and banks of the country, 1 do
not think there is much. There must, of course, bo
considerable in California. [ remember reading a
speech of Senator Mori ox, in which he spoke of the
hoarding of gold in the country, and of tho amount
that probably exists m the country; but I never met
tho man in New York who believed in a general
hoaidmg of gold, 1 do not think there is any such
hoarding. Then wo export agroat doal of gold. Last
year we exported $70,000,00.). The apparent export
this year has not been so much. In 18GS, the export
of gold was more apparent to the public eye; bceause
it came to New Yoik in tho Pacific mail stoamcis,
and passed from there to ISuropc, and was reported.
Now, the gold that leaves  San Fiancisco goes to the
Iithmu«, and from there direct to England, and is
lost to the common eye; so that we appear not to be
exporting, while wo arc all the time exporting gold.
Our stock of gold is not replenished now as it was
before, by receipts from California. My own impres-
sion is that $150,000,000 of gold for the whole country
would be a pretty large estimate."
" By JMr. Cor.unx:
" Question. ITow are we going to increase the sup-
ply of gold in this country !
"Atifticer. We cannot increase it with the balance
of trade against us. It will finally advance m spite
of us when our bonds ceasc to attract buyers abroad.
If wo export ^100,000,000 of Government bonds at
scventy-fi\e eeots on the dollar, foreigners prefer
them to gold, I suppose; hut if we should loso m an-
other year some $!O,000,UC0 of gold, tho supply bemg
small, it will advance again.
" Question. If wc export cheap bonds, would not
the infect of that be to relieve gold here?
"Answer. Yes, while tho bonds last; but meantime
seo the effect of the iiiercaso in the price of gold.
Here is Mr. Stranahan, the head of our Brooklyn
Park commission, who has boon selling Brooklyn city
bonds at par when Smith, Gould, Martin & Co., ct £4
nmne oenus, advanced the price of gold front thirty-
fivo toforty-fivc percent., the currency priee of Park
bonds did not chacgo at all. Bank stock yesterday
sold at 122, which would not have brought 123-when
gold was worth from one hundred and forty-five to
one hundred and sixty per cent, Well, with gold at
160, seo how much cheaper that bank stock is to tho
foreigner who buys with gold. We are at the mor«y
of the foreigner all the time; and while the Govern-
ment aids in keeping up tho prico of gold by hoard-
ing it we are parting at seventy-fivo to eighty cents
on the dollar with our securities, which we are to pay
at par by and by. You see in this what is pernicious
in principlo and damaging in practice."
The testimony of these men—bankers, busi-
ness men, observers, shrewd thinkers, who had
their whole attention constantly directed to
this matter—agrees upon the fact that we had
and have bat a pittance of gold coin in this
country compared with our wants for purposes
of a circulating medium.
Wc cannot resume specie payments} it is
folly to talk about it. We cannot do banking
business to any extent on a gold basis; the
article is too scarce. We must bo> content
with paper money till the balances of trade arc
in our favor and we are taking from our mines
much larger quantities of the precious metals
than at present. Resumption means contrac-
tion,means bankruptcy, means suicide, nothing
short of it.
I wish to call the attention of the House in
the next place to the tenth section, in relation
to redistribution. 1 see no objection to that sec-
tion, nor to the eleventh section, which pro-
vides for the removal of banks from one State
to another; and I may say here that I should
regard the first section, the tenth section, and
the eleventh section as in themselves making
a good bill, much better than tho pending bill
taken as a whole.
1 wish now to call the attention of the House
for a momenttothearnendmenl 1 have offered,
it is this, and I think it meets the present
emergency; a redistribution of £50,000,000 to
States not having their proper proportion, to
allow $50,000,000 of additional circulation on
the present basi*, to be distributed to such
Stales, and a reissue of $44,000,000 of United
States notes to be used in place of the three
per cent, certificates now held as reserves by
tho banks. The present inequality demands
this course The question for gentlemen in
those States who have an undue proportion of
the present circulating medium is whether they
will consent to a more equal distribution of it
by allowing such an additional amount to the
needy portions of the country as they have
themselves, or will they compel a redistribu-
tion of the presentcirculation? This is a prac-
tical question. The question which ispresented
to them is this: ''Will you act the part of the
dog in the manger? " Will you interfere with
the more equal adjustment of affairs? Will
you hold on to the whole amount which you
now have, allowing no increase, or will j-ou
allow us to have an equal share with your-
selves?"
This is a plain and practical proposition. It
comes to that, and that alone. It seems to me,
if we are to have a fair understanding in this
country, we must in all sections allow equality
of privilege. There can be no greater or more
odious monopoly than the national banking
institutions in this country in the condition in
which they now are.
Now, let mo show to the House for one mo-
ment the condition of the currency before the
war, in order to ascertain the present demands
for circulation. The table presented by the
Comptroller uf the Currency shows how much
the business of the South and of the Wesfi re-
quired befoic the war. At that time the amount
in the southern States of banking circulation
was $39,552,000, in round numbers, and in tiie
southwestern States $34,770,000, making m all
$74,777,000. At the present time the south-
era States have a circulation of $o,9-9,000,
and the southwestern States a circulation of
$9,159,000, waking hi all $10,087)000. ihe
