1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: The petition of General
Leslie Combs, of Lexington, Kentucky, on
behalf of the old soldiers of the war of 1812,
praying that pensions be granted to thfim. "
Also, the petition of A. D. Dickinson, of
Virginia, praying for the removal of his polit-
ical disabilities.
By Mr. BE ATTY; The petition of Benjamin
Ridenour, John P. Greene, and 33 others, citi-
zens of Richland_ county, Ohio, asking the
removal of the tariff on foreign hides.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The petition of John
Rankin, M. D. King, E. B. Winans, and others,
of Belmont county, Ohio, praying the repeal
of all duties on hides.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: A
petition of citizens of Buffalo, New York, for
the repeal of the tariff on coal.
By Mr. COWLES: A petition for tho relief
of disabled soldiers.
Also, the petition of A. P. Seeley, for relief.
Also, the petition of Myron Henington, for
relief.
Also, the petition of Jacob Sanderson, for
relief.
Also, the petition of E. M. Dudley, l'or relief.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of citizens
of Wayne and of Shelby county, Indiana, ask-
ing a remission of ihe duty on imports on
hides, and allow them to enter free.
Also, the petition of citizens of West Ban
Claire, Wisconsin, appealing to Congress in be-
half o f actual settlors, free ho meat eads, and un i-
versal suffrage, and against land monopolists.
Also, the petition in behalf of tho widow of
William A. Boyd, a soldier of the eighty-fonrt.li
regiment of Indiana volunteers.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Wil-
liam Ii. Hall, of Sevier county, Tennessee,
asking pay for stores taken by the Array during
the l-ebellion.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Kitsey Williams,
widow and relict of Elias Williams, deceased,
company D, third Tennessee volunteers, pray-
ing for a pension.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Maria Lea, widow
of Seth Lea, deceased, of Knox county, Ten-
nessee, praying for a pension.
Also, tho petition of Mrs. Elizabeth Mnr-
phey, widow and relict of .Joseph Murpliey,
deceased, company F, third Tennessee vohm-
teera, praying her husband's pay and bounty.
Also, tho petition of Archibald Myers, late
captain company F, sixth Tennessee volun
tiers, asking pay for subsistence furnished re-
cruits.
Also, the petition of Thomas .1. Mason, Wil-
liam M. Alexander, and others, citizens of
Roane county, Tennessee, praying relief against
the. late revolutionary proceedings in that State.
By Mr. ORTII: A petition from citizens of
Benton county, Indiana, asking for pensions
to the soldiers of tho war of 1812.
By Mr. SCOFIELD: The resolutions of a
meeting of soldiers of 1812, hold at Warren,
Pennsylvania.
By Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa: The memorial of
W. S. Bradley & Co., and CO others, residents
of Linn county, Iowa, praying for tho repeal
of the duty on foreign hides.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of William H. Barnes aad others, of New Lon-
don, Connecticut, asking that coal be admitted
free of duty.
By Mr. TAFFE : A petition of the citizens
of Dodge county, Nebraska, praying to have
the duty on hides remitted.
By Mr. TANNER; The petition of Warren
F. Baseom, administrator of Oliver Bascom,
deceased, for relief.
By Mr. WARD : A petition of officers and
members of the Chemung county, New York,
Medical Society, asking an increase of rank for
medical officers in the Navy.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 13, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. WiSslet Pbettymau, D. D.,
of Georgia. **
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
Hon. Reuben E. Fenton, from the State of
New York, appeared in his seat to-day.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before theSen-
ate a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating a report of the disbursements
for the maintenance of peace among the various
Indian tribes under the act of April 10, 1869 ;
which was referred to the Committee on ludian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
tho Secretary of the Interior, communicating
a statement of the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian service for the year end-
ing June 30, 1809; which was referred to tho
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. As these papers
are very bulky, if there be no objection the
question of printing them will be referred to
the Committee on Printing unless some Senator
makes a motion to print them. The reference
will be made.
petitions and mkmohial8.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the pe-
titions of S. T. Burries and James M. Fain, of
Carthage, Panola county, Texas, praying tho
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of John A.
Hasan, of Mississippi, praying the adoption
of his plan for deepening the channel of the
Mississippi river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of the grand
jurors of the Territory of New Mexico for the
November term of the supreme court of that
Territory, praying relief from depredations of
tho Indians; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition of cit-
izens of Buffalo, county of Erie, in tho State
of Now York, praying that the people may be
protected by the entire removal of duty on coal,
and that Congress will adopt whatever other
measures of relief legally within its power may
be an effectual remedy against tho monopolies
of this indispensable necessary to human exist-
ence. This petition is signed, among others,
by Hon. E. G. Spaulding, who is well known to
the Chair from the eminent position which he
occupied for a long time in the other House. 1
also present another petition from citizens of
Buffalo, of the samp character, which has a
long list of names attached. 1 move the ref-
erent c of both to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of sol-
diers of the war of 1812, praying to be allowed
pensions ; which was referred lo the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON. I also present ihe memorial
of Mrs. Elizabeth Harding, which is indorsed
by several hundred persons, among tliem sev-
eral gentlemen well known to the country, ask-
ing for a pension, on account of the death of
her son, lost in the Army. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CATTELL presented the petition of
Thomas Jefferson Randolph, executor of
Thomas Jefferson, praying the return of cer-
tain private papers of Mr. Jefferson on deposit
in the Depattment of State; which was referred
to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent a petition, very respectably and numer-
ously signed, from citizens of Brookfield, Con-
necticut, who very respectfully petition this
honorable body to accord to Cuba the rights
of a belligerent Power, and at ones recognize
the independence of her sons from the tyranny
of a foreign yoke, which for more than a year
they claim they have maintained in the Island
of Cuba. I think this petition should be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. If I
understand the object of it, I sympathize with
it very heartily.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I present tho petition o f
quite a number of lawyers of Galveston. Texas,
setting forth that Judge John C. Watrous, the
district judge of that district, has been stricken
with paralysis, which renders him wholly unable
physically to discharge the duties of district
judge in that district, and asking, under the
circumstances, that an additional judge be
appointed. The petition also sets forth the
necessity for holding courts there and the
amount of business that is pending in that dis-
trict. I move its reference to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of the let-
ter-carriers of the city of Philadelphia, praying
for an increase of their salaries; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
George H. Corliss, of the city of Providence,
Rhode Island, praying the extension of his
patent for improvements in steam-engines;
which was referred to the Committee on
Patents.
He also presented the petition of Mrs. Mary
Dunn, praying the restoration to her of a plant-
ation in South Carolina forfeited during the
war for non-payment of taxes ; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
William and JosephE. Nourse, executors of
Michael Nourse, deceased, praying that com-
pensation be made for the services of Michael
Nourse while acting as Register of the Treas-
ury ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of N.
II. Williams, praying remuneration for losses
which he sustained in a contract for filling up
certain low grounds near the Capitol; which
was referred to tho Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Leroy Old-
ham, of Virginia, praying that he may be re-
lieved of tho disabilities imposed upon him by
the fourteenth article of the amendments to the
Constitution of the United States audthe recon-
struction acts; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petition
of C. D. Melton, of South Carolina, praying to
bo relieved from his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
lie also presented the petition of Azariak
Ennies, of Georgia, praying the removal of his
political disabilities ; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Asa Rogers,
of Virginia, praying the removal of his political
disabilities ; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of
Commodore Joseph F. Greene, eomplaining
of alleged injustice in the special promotions
in the Navy under the act approved July 25,
1866, and praying for the restoration of the
names of naval officers who were not so pro-
moted to the relative position upon the Navy
list which was occupied by them prior to the
passage of that act, and from which he alleges
they have been degraded without a hearing and
without cause; whieh wasreferredto the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of John
B. Chapman, late of the Territory of Wash-
ington, formerly Oregon, representing that he
