3286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Miiy 6,
He has largely the confidence of the head of
the Department. His relations are very con-
fidential. All the public official correspond-
ence passes through his hands.
Several Sexatous. Who is he?
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Chew. "Thelaborer
is worthy of his hire." He really is worthy.
Now, I do not think it right when this increase
is proposed that he should encounter the ob-
jection of the Senator from Ohio, who asks
•why we do not do the same in other cases.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt that Mr.
Chew is a very valuable clerk. As fur as I
know, he discharges his duties well. The chief
clerks of the Departments generally are care-
fully selected men, selected with a view to their
efficiency and their service, generally men of
experience. At the same time the rule ought
to be equal. It is not proposed to raise the
salary of all the chief clerks to $2,200.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to inquire of the
honorable Senator whether all the other de-
partmental chief clerks do not receive $2,200
salary ? I know it is so in the Interior Depart-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The disbursing clerk of
the Interior Department, like the disbursing
clerk of every other Department, gets $200 a
year in addition to his salary.
Mr. HARLAN. No; that Department has
a separate disbursing clerk.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the chief clerk is
disbursing clerk he gets the benefit of that
allowance; but the Balary of the other chief
clerks is fixed at $2,000.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know the
precedents.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We are told
that $2,000 a year is the salary of the chief
clerk of a Department.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator fromlowa
says that in the Interior Department it is
$2,200.
Mr. SHERMAN. He is also disbursing
clerk.
Mr. POMEROY. No; the chief clerk in the
Interior Department is not disbursing clerk.
Mr. HARLAN. The Blue Book shows the
salary of the chief clerk of the Interior De-
partment to be $2,200.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the chairman of the
committee give attention to that? Twenty-
two hnndred dollars is the salary in the In-
terior Department. Should not the Foreign
Department be as much regarded as the Inte-
rior Department?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The answer to
that is, that on that officer has been devolved
an additional duty, that of disbursing clerk.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are a great many
duties devolved npon the chief clerk of the
Department of State.
Mr. ANTHONY. I find on referring to the
Blue Book that the chief clerk of the Post
Office Department receives a salary of $2,200
a year.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is simply because
the chief clerk is generally disbursing clerk.
Mr. SUMNER. That does not appear.
Mr. HARLAN. In the Interior Department
that is not the fact.
Mr. ANTHOii Y. I find that the chief clerk
of the War Department receives $2,200.
Mr. SUMNER. We have now testimony
that in the Post Office Department the pay of
the chief clerk is $2,200, in the Interior De*
partment $2,000, and in the War Department
$2,200.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is where they dis-
burse money, and therefore have to give bond.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator fromlowa,
who has been at the head of the Department
of the Interior, says that is not the case in that
Department. The Senator from Rhode Island
now tells me further that the Blue Book, which
Hi before him, shows the salary of the chief
clerk of the Treasury Department to be $2,200.
Certainly the chief clerk of the Treasury is not
a disbursing clerk. My friend from Maine finds
that the precedents are against him. The only
question is about putting the Department ot
State on an equality with the other Depart-
ments.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken
about, that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I find by the Blue Book
that in the Navy Department the chief clerk
has $'2,200, and the disbursing clerk $2,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I find, on looking at the
estimates, that the estimate is $2,200, and the
law is referred to. If that is the law for all
the Departments I have no objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. I find, on looking further
at the Blue Book, that in the State Department
the chief clerk receives $2,200.
Mr. SUMNER. Then there is no occasion
for striking these words out.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the use of in-
serting them? They ought to bo stricken out
and this chief clerk left to the general law.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to know of my friend
from Maine why lie proposed to insert these
words? The Senator from Ohio moved to strike
them out, and believed that in striking them
out he reduced the salary. It was to counter-
act that effort that I proposed to keep them in.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 simply say that this
salary ought to stand on the general law, and
not be singled out by special legislation.
Mr. SUMNER. I want equality. "Equal-
ity is equity," the Senator knows.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It seems to
me that this whole paragraph with the amend-
ment is left in entire confusion. If the amend-
ments proposed shall be adopted how will it
read? In the first place " the chief clerk
$2,200." Then "eight clerks of class four,
additional to one clerk of class four, as disburs-
ing clerk, and eight clerks of class three, one
examiner of claims, $2,600." And then it
goes on in like manner; and then, in line three
hundred and thirty-six, "nine laborers and
four watchmen, $63,300." It Beems to me it
will not do to pass this paragraph in this state.
The whole sentence is in a state of confusion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on striking out the words proposed by the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to make
a suggestion to the Senator from Ohio which
may obviate this difficulty. I understand from
him that there is a law fixing the salary of the
chief cleric#
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; I have here a ref-
erence to the law. There is no necessity for
putting it in here as a special appropriation.
It ought to be stricken oat; it is included in
the general amount.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Has the Sen-
ator that statute at hand ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
pass over the paragraph to give the chairman |
of the Committee on Appropriations time to |
prepare it in proper form. It evidently now is
not in proper shape to be passed into a law.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is the law referred
to. On page 13 of the estimates reference is
made to the tenth volume of laws, page 669,
section fonr.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But the Senator
will find tbat that is nothing more than
appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont desires that this paragraph be passed
over for the present.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
have this question settled, because I propose
to make some further amendments which are
proposed by the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The clause in
regard to $2,200 was stricken out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It can be moved
again in the Senate. I have other amendments
to move.
Mr. ANTHONY. If this is disposed of I
should like to ask the consentofthe chairman
of the committee who has the hill in chargo to
put in an amendment here which, although it
does not come from the committee, in one that
comes in appropriately here, which I had in-
tended to move as an amendment to the one
last adopted ; and that is:
And that all acts which provido for tho biennial
publication cf tho register of officers and agents,
civil, military, and naval, in tho servico ot* tho
United States, bo, and the same aro hereby, repealed.
I propose to nut that in the amendment just
adoptea; and this is the place where it appro-
priately comes in. I propose to offer it with
the consent of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that will not be
adopted, because this Biennial Register is the
most convenient record of the officers of the
Government. It is true each Department pub-
lishes a record of its officers; but there are a
great number of them, and you can never find
them together. I know that it is very conven-
ient for me. We print but five hundred, I
think.
Mr. ANTHONY. We print seven hundred
and fifty, and they are printed only once in
two years. The register of the Post Office, the
Army Register, the Navy Register, and the
Diplomatic and Consular List are all published
annually, and everything that there is in that
book published biennially is publishedanuually,
excepta very few unimportant officers. More
than half of those are the female clerks, and
clerks of the first, second, and third classes in
the Departments. If any person desires to
know anything in the Post Office List, he does
not go to the Blue Book, but he goes to the list
published by the Department.
tvMr. SHERMAN. I go tothe Blue Boole.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then the Senator does
notgethisinformation from the most convenient
source, as he generallydoes. The list published
by the Department is Annual, and this is bien-
nial. So as to the Army Register and the Navy
Register. Then this is all prepared at the De-
partment of State, whereas the other registers
are prepared at the appropriate Departments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objected to,
the Chair thinks that is a new amendment and
must be reserved until the amendments of the
committee are through with. The Chair will
state that on page 35 of the bill the Biennial
Register is distinctly referred to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then it will be more
appropriate there. I withdraw the amendment
now.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was, in lines three hundred and
fifty and three hundred and fifty-one, to increase
the appropriation "for Stationery, furniture,
fixtures, and repairs" for the Department of
State from $3,500 to $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike outlines
three hundred and fifty-two and three hundred
and fifty-three, in the words " for miscellane-
ous items, $2,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and fifty-four, to increase the appropri-
ation "for books and maps" from $1,500 to
$2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out
" labor" in line three hundred and fifty-eight,
and increase the appropriation in lines three
hundred and fifty-eight and three hundred and
fifty-nine from $30,000 to $32,600, so as to
make lines three hnndred and fifty-seven, three
hundred and fifty-eight, and three hundred and
fifty-nine read:
For contingent expenses, namely, ront, fnel.lifbt^
repairs, and miscellaneous expenses, $32,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
