5174
fHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 4,
Mr. CONKLING. I feel bound to raise the
question whether Senators who have in this
debate addressed the Senate not only twice,
but several times, are entitled to proceed?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not in
preference to other Senators who may desire
to speak.
Mr. CONKLING. I make the point under
the fourth rule, to which I call the attention
of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The fourth
rule will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"4. No Senator shall speak more than twice in any
one debate on the same day without leave of the
Senate, which question shall bo decided without
debate."
Mr. SUMNER. Is that applicable to the
whole question, or is it to an individual motion ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have a square
decision so that we shall understand it here-
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is a
new question, a different question, and, in the
opinion of the Chair, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has a right to speak upon it.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Chair be kind
enough to repeat his decision aloud? I did
not understand it. I want to test the sense of
the Senate upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
decides that the Senator from Massachusetts
has a right to speak.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Chair bo kind
enough to state the ground on which the de-
cision is made?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has not spoken twice
upon this question.
Mr. CONKLING. For the reason that it is
technically changed?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. For that
reason.
Mr. CONKLING. And therefore the Chair
for this purpose holds that it is not the same
debate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. lie does.
Mr. CONKLING. In order to determine
that question, there being a difference of opin-
ion about it, I beg, with great respect, to appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT/wo tempore. The ques-
tion is, "Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. THURMAN. Is not that appeal debat-
able?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope we shall come to
an understanding upon this rule. Nothing is
clearer to my mind than that the decision of
the Chair is correct, and any other decision
would be found utterly impracticable. Let us
see bow this matter stands.
On last Saturday the Senator from Massa-
chusetts moved the amendment that is now
under consideration. He spoke on that amend-
ment. .The vote was taken and the amend
ment was adopted.
After that the Senator from Oregon moved
to further amend, raising a distinct proposition.
He moved to add words to the amendment
which had been adopted. That was the sub-
ject of debate when we met this morning.
That was debated until the motion was made
to reconsider the vote of last Saturday. The
question under consideration, I repeat, to-day
from the time we met until the motion to recon-
sider was made was on the amendment offered
by the Senator from Oregon. On that the
Senator from Massachusetts spoke, as he had
a perfect right to do.
Then came the motion to reconsider the
vote of last Saturday by which the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts was
adopted; and on that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts spoke, as he had a right to do, for it
was a question whether you should reconsider
that vote. He might have spoken without any
reference at all to the merits of the amend-
ment. He might have opposed it on grounds
totally different, such as the impolicy of recon-
sidering that vote, irrespective of the merits of
his amendment or not. That is not an uncom-
mon thing. He spoke on that, as he had a
right to do.
The vote has been taken; the vote has been
reconsidered; and now the question comes up,
for the first time this day, shall we adopt the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts? This is the first time to-day that
that question has been before the Senate; aud
that being the case, the Senator has not spoken
on that question to-day. The language of the
rule is, "twice on one day." Suppose we have
a debate on a bill to which twenty amendments
are offered 
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me toinake a suggestion 
Mr. THURMAN. In one moment.
Mr. CONKLING. I was going to waive the
whole question rather than to have a debate
upon it. If we cannot have a decision on a
point of order without a debate I would rather
withdraw the appeal.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that this same decision has been made
by the Vice President. The present decision
only follows the decision of the permanent
Presiding Officer of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have no doubt the decis-
ion of the Chair is entirely correct.'Any other
decision would be simply nonsense.
Mr. CONKLING. Inasmuch as the appeal
is withdrawn, I do not suppose it is in order
to debate it.
Mr. SUMNER. The appeal is withdrawn;
but I believe I have the floor on the question.
We have before us pending the tax bill, aud
during a day perhaps a do^en or twenty prop-
ositions are moved on that bill. According to
the suggestion of the Senator from New York
one who had spoken on two of those proposi-
tions would be debarred from speaking on any
of the others during that day. As a Senator
suggests to me, if a Senator had spoken about
salt or tea, then he could not speak on sugar,
or the income question, or anything else. I
believe the rule of the Senate will not compel
us to any such absurdity.
I do not like to take up the time of the Sen-
ate; and I should not have spoken now except
for my desire to bring home to the Senate once
more the gravity of the question, and to intro-
duce a new authority which I had on my table,
but which I forgot to use when I was up before—
I mean the late Abraham Lincoln. He, too,
had a great controversy in Illinois with a dis-
tinguished representative of the Democratic
party (Mr. Douglas) on the Declaration of Inde-
pendence. Let Mr. Douglas state his position
in his own words. He said:
"I believe that this Government of ours was
founded on the white basis. I believe that it was
established by white men. I do not believe that it
was the design of the signers of the Declaration of
Independence or the iramers of the Constitution to
include negroes, Indians, or other inferior races
with white men as citizens."
Then, sgain, in another place Mr. Douglas
said :
" The Declaration of Independence only included
tho white people of the United States."
How like what we have heard in this Cham-
ber on Saturday and to-day 1 Senators have
been unconsciously repeating these exploded
arguments of the late Mr. Douglas. How did
Abraham Lincoln answer? In a speech at
Springfield, while admitting that negroes are
not "our equals in color," this eminent citi-
zen, afterward President, thus spoke for the
comprehensive humanity of the Declaration:
" I adhere to the Declaration. If Judge Douglas-
and his friends are not willing to stand by it, let
them come up and amend it. Let them make it read
that all men are created equal except negroes. Let
us have it decided whether the Declaration of Inde-
pendence in this blessed year of 1858 shall be thus
amended. In his construction of the Declaration
last year, he said it only meant that Americana
in America were equal to Englishmen in England.
Then, when I pointed out to him that by that rule
he excludes the fiermans, the Irish, the Portuguese,,
ancl all the other people who have come among us
since the Revolution, he reconstructs his construc-
tion. In his last speech he tells us it meant Eu-
ropeans. I prSss him a little further, and ask him
if it meant to include the Russians in Asia 1 Or does
lie mean to exclude that vast population from the
principles of the Declaration ? I expect ere long he
will introduce another amendment to his definition.
He is not at all particular. It may draw white men
down, but it must not lift negroes up."
Then again, in another speech made at Alton,
the future President renewed his testimony as
follows:
"I assert that Judge Douglas and all his friends
may search the whole record of the country, and it
will be a matter of great astonishment to me if they
shall be able to find that one human being three
years ago had everuttered the astounding sentiment
that the term 'all men' in the Declaration did not
include the negro. l}o not let me be misunderstood.
I know that more than three years ago there were
men who, finding this assertion constantly in theway
of their schemes to bring about tho ascendency and
perpetuation of slavery, denied the truth of it. I
know that Mr. Calhoun, and all the politicians of
his school, denied the truth of the Declaration, end-
ing at last in that shameful declaration of Pettit, of
Indiana, upon the floor of the United States Senate,
that the Declaration was in that respect a 'self-evi-
dent lie,' rather than a self-evident truth. But I say,
with a perfect knowledge of all this hawking at the
Declaration without directly attacking it, that three
years ago there never had lived a man who had ven-
tured to assail it in tho sneaking way "—
That is not my language; it is the language
of Abraham Lincoln—
"Of pretending to believe it and then asserting
that it did not include the negro."
Lifted by the great cause in which he was
engaged, he appealed to his fellow-countrymen
in tones of pathetic eloquence:
"Thinknothing of mo"—
said be, afterward martyr—•
"take no thought for the political fate of any man
whatsoever, but come back to tile truths that are
in the Declaration of Independence. You may do
anything with me you choose if you will but heed
these sacred principles. You may not only defeat
me for the Senate, but you may take me and put
me to death. "While protending no indifference to
earthly honors, I do claim to he actuated m this con-
test, by something higher than an anxiety for office.
I charge you to drop every paltry, insignificant
thought for any man's success. It is nothing, I am
nothing. Judge Douglas is nothing; but do not de-
stroy that immortal emblem of humanity, the Dec-
laration of Independence."
How are apt are these words now! "Do not
destroy that immortal emblem of humanity,
the Declaration of Independence."
Tbren, again, as he was on his way to Wash-
ington, stopping at Philadelphia to raise the
flag of his country over the Hall of Independ-
ence, he uttered these pathetic though unpre-
meditated words:
"All the political sentiments I entertain have beeu
drawn, so faras I have boen able to draw them, from
the sentiments which originated and were given to
the world from this hall. I have never had a feeling
politically that did not spring from the sentiments
embodied in tho Declaration ot Independence."
"Now, my friends, can this country be saved on
this basis? If itcan, I shall consider myself oneof
the happiest men in tho world it I cau help to save
it. If it cannot be saved upon that principle, it will
be truly awful. But if this country cannot be saved
without giving up that principle, I was about to say
I would rather be assassinated 011 the spot."
And yet that is the principle which the Sen-
ate is now about to give up, that principle
which Abraham Lincoln said rather than give
up he would be assassiuated on the spot.
Then after adding that he had not expected
to say a word he repeated the consecration of
! his life, exclaiming:
"I have said nothing but what I am willing to lire
by, and, if it be the pleasure of Almighty God, to
die by."
Sir, that is enough.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator has talked a
great deal about the Declaration of Independ-
ence, and 1 have been trying to make the ap-
plication of it; and he will facilitate my effort
by answering a question. It is this: whether
