1398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Section six provides for a tax to be levied
by the corporate authorities of Washington
and Georgetown and the county of Washing-
ton, and that tax can only be levied after a
vote of the people to be affected by it, and then
by a two-thirdB majority. There is no appro-
priation; and I say now that I will not feel
bennd to vote a single dollar of appropriation.
The only trouble that has stood in the way
of this exposition is this : they undertook to
insert the word "international" before the
description of their corporation. In other
words, they took upon themselves a great,
high-sounding name ; and therefore it is that
my honorable friend from Nevada [Mr. Stew-
art] says the United States, by this act, are
about to invite the people of all the world to
come to Washington to see the wealth^)f this
great country. That is not so. There is no
provision of that kind in the bill.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will my friend from Ohio
permit me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. SCHUHZ. If my friend will read sec-
tion twelve of this bill he will see that it is
made the duty of the Secretary of State to
invite all foreign Governments to be repre-
sented at this exhibition.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is done by every
Government in Europe. I saw in the news-
papers the other day a circular notice issued
in behalf of an exhibition at Berlin, one at
London, one at the Hague. When corpora-
tions and associations of this kind are formed
the Governmentof the country is usually called
upon to aid by invoking the aid and cooperation
of other Powers or of other municipalities. Is
there anything wrong in that? It seems to me
not. But if there is any objection to that clause
in the bill, if the Secretary of State has got so
much to do that he cannot send around the
circulars of this association and call the atten-
tion of foreign nations to the fact that there is
to be a show in Washington at a certain time,
strike it out. It seems to me it is nothing but
an exhibition of illiberality to the people of
this District, who are your servants and vassals
and have no power to do anything for them-
selves. That is the way it strikesme. Athougli,
perhaps, 1 may be affected by the operation of
the bill, yet it seems to me I would not deny
them the right to hold thiashow if they choose
to do it. My own impression is that this is not
the best way to exhibit the enterprise of the
city of Washington. If I were called upon to
dictate to the people of Washington what they
should do I would say they ought rather to
beseech Congress for authority to govern them-
selves ; that they ought to ask Congress in its
full power to give them the right to pave their
streets and avenues; they ought to ask Con-
gress to repeal many of the old laws of Mary-
land, many of which Maryland has long since
changed; that they_ought to seek new rail-
roads, improve the city by building railroads to
it, and many other modes of improvement;
but that is their business.
Now, sir, look at the course of Congress
toward the people of this District. They have
here again and again besought us to give them
the power to construct railroads north and
northeast and northwest, and we have always
refused it; and up to this hour we have never
conferred on any corporation authority to con-
struct a railroad to the District. They have
asked the authority to control your avenues.
The eity of Washington has not the power to
take up a cobble-stone in Pennsylvania ave-
nue. They have, over and over again, asked for
authority to tax themselves to improve these
very streets that are now spoken of as muddy
and bad, and you have refused to give it to
them. There is now no authority in the cor-
poration of Washington to pave the streets,
except under certain restrictions and limita-
tions which are practically a denial of the
right. Now, when they come here and ask you
for leave, at their own expense, throngh a cor-
poration indispensably necessary to carry on
the business of such an association, to hold a
show, which they call an international indus-
trial exposition in the city of Washington, they
are met by your denial and refusal. It seems
to me that that is not right.
I do not hold myself bound to vote one sin-
gle dollar to aid in this work. To the extent
that the official position of the Secretary of
State may be availed of by the people of
Washington under this bill, it is nothing more
than the Secretary of State would be bound to
do for any city, or State, or corporation in the
United States to aid them in an industrial
exhibition. To the extent of letting them
enjoy the occupation of a vacant space in the
Mall, it is not more than you would grant to
any temporary show or circus that passes
through the city of Washington ; and 1 have
seen shows and circuses there on that same
ground. To the extent that you authorize the
municipal corporations of the District of Co-
lumbia to levy a tax of three fifths of one per
cent., it is only allowing them to impose atax
on themselves; and that they ought to have the
right to do without asking you for authority.
The provision admitting free of duty articles
intended for the exposition is the same privi-
lege which you granted to the exposition at
New York. It costs us nothing, and certainly
ought not to be denied to them.
It seems to me that all the objections of my
honorable friend from Vermont, to whom I
listened the other day—I did not havo the
pleasure of hearing him to-day—appear to be
rather the result of his imagination than the
necessary consequence of this bill. This may
be a bad speculation for the men who engage
in it; bnt it is certainly not a speculation that
we ought to deny them the opportunity of en-
gaging in if they choose to do so.
The bill as it now stands is framed with ex-
ceeding hardness to the men who shall engage
in this enterprise. In the first place they are
made individually liable for all the debts con-
tracted, without limit or extent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Not yet.
Mr. HAMLIN. That amendment has not
been adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am glad of it. Then
there is another provision that seems to me
harsh ; they embark in this as a private enter-
prise, and yet you are so careful that they shall
not make anything out of it, that you require
them to divide any profits that may be made,
which is absurd 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. After ten per
cent, interest.
Mr. SHERMAN. If these people want to
have a show, and can make money out of it,
why not let them ? Can the holding of an ex-
position have any bad tendency ? It undoubt-
edly must promote the love of art and intelli-
gence, information, and love of science. It
can do no harm; it must do good; and yet
if they should—an impossible supposition—
make a little money out of it, you first limit
them to ten per cent., as my honorable friend
says, and then you require them to divide the
remainder among charitable associations. That
is about the result.
Mr. President, it seems to me that this cor-
poration ought to be chartered on fair and
reasonable terms, with full and ample notice
that the Government of the United States is
not responsible for the success or failure
of the enterprise; that it is a private enter-
prise conducted by individuals, and the United
States will do for it just what it ought to do for
all similar enterprises—facilitate it by the use
of the Department of State; facilitate it by
admitting free of duty all the articles sent from
abroad for the exposition; give it the use of
such vacant land as you have that you do not
wish to keep for other purposes ; treat the citi-
zens here as people to be governed, not a$
vassals to be denied the ordinary privileges
that are granted in every republican Govern-
ment. That is the way it strikes me. I hare
never paid much attention to this matter; but
from all I can see in the bill, and in view of all
the objections that have been urged to it, I
shall certainly vote for it.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, lam rather
surprised to hear the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] speak of an international exposition
as a mere show that may be planned and set
on foot on the spur of the moment. Why, sir,
an international exhibition is one of the most
important things which a nation can undertake.
Here we are asked to set the whole machinery
of our diplomatic representation in motion,
for the purpose of inviting the Governments
and the nations of the world to come to the
United States and look at us. Here we promise
them to show them the very best we have.
And the Senator from Ohio tells us that it is
nothing but a mere show, to be held for tho
purpose of gratifying some persons here in the
city of Washington. Did he never read the
history of European exhibitions, never hear
of the gigantic preparations that were made
by European Governments for the purpose of
rendering those enterprises successful?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have attended some of
them.
Mr. SCHURZ. Then he must certainly
have come to the conclusion that it is not a
mere circus, which passes in at one end of a
city and passes out at the other, but that it is
looked upon as one of the most momentous
enterprises that a nation can possibly under-
take. We are putting on exhibition not only
the city of Washington ; we put on exhibition
all the United States have to show; we vir-
tually put on exhibition the American peo-
ple ; and certainly that is a matter worthy of
very serious consideration.
I am opposed to this bill for two reasons:
first, because 1 am so good a friend of the peo-
pleof Washington as to feel a desire to protect
them against themselves: and secondly, be-
cause I want to protect the people of the Uni-
ted States against an imprudent scheme gotten
up in this city.
It has frequently been said, and I am afraid
justly so, that the people of the District of
Columbia have been neglected by Congress;
that they have been badly treated; but I am
sure that the passage of this bill would inflict
much worse treatment upon the people of
Washington than anything we have done yet,
for it would induce them to embark a portion
of their fortunes in an undertaking which could
hardly fail to result disastrously to them.
Let us consider for a moment what an inter-
national exhibition means. Look at Europe.
There four international exhibitions have been
held, and each time one of the greatest and most
populous capitals of that part of the earth was
selected for that purpose. They were held in
London and in Paris. Now, it. is said that
Washington is as good a capital as London and
Paris. To be sure it is the seat of Govern-
ment. But will you compare the places for a
moment?
First, London and Paris are not only the
seats of Government of England and of France,
but they are at the same time the greatest cen-
ters of population in Europe. Within fifteen
hours' travel of either of those two cities there
lives as large a population as we have within
the boundaries of the United States, and more.
At the same time the resident population of
London and Paris is as great as the resident
population of some of the largest States of this
Union.
Secondly, London and Paris are the greatest
centers of wealth, wealth readily devoting itself
to just such enterprises as international ex-
hibitions.
Thirdly, London and Paris are the greatest
centers of communication there. Tney are
centers of the best and most carefully organ-
ized railway systems of the world.
Fourthly, London and Paris are great centers
of trade, and mark you what I say, if you want
to make your international exhibition success-
ful you must hold it where you not only can
