2342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
moral obstructor, the Constitution oftheUnited
Statest stand in the way of doing so simple an
act of justice as that?" That is the argument
which addressesitselfto us; itdoestome; and if
I had not felt rather compelled, inasmuch as
this subjectliad been committed to the Judiciary
Committee, to actupon honor, as the saying is,
and to report exactly what I thought instead
of what I could wish, 1 do not know but that I
should have come to the same conclusion.
Now, Mr. President, inasmuch as I under-
stand that the question is decided, I have only
risen to give in my hearty adhesion to the re-
port of the committee made by the honorable
Senator from New York. The more you con-
sider it fairly aiul dispassionately, the more
you study the authorities upon the subject, the
more you study the spirit of the Constitution,
which was enacted for a purpose, for a broader
and deeper purpose than mere ordinary law is
enacted, the more you are forced to the con-
clusion that this gentleman stands bare of any
right under that Constitution to a seat in this
body now.
Now, what is inhabitancy ? My friend from
Ohio says it is mere bodily presence with a per-
sonal intent to remain. Let me ask him if he
thinks the inmates of the State prison in Ohio,
sentenced to imprisonment for life, are inhab-
itants of the particular town where the prison
happens to be situated because they are bodily
there and have an intent to remain.
Mr. WILLIAMS. They are not there intend-
ing to remain.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think they are.
Mr. SHERMAN. They have no intent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why have they not an
intent? That raises the very question, as 1 in-
tended it should. I am obliged to my friend;
he has given the solution of the question. Why
have they not the intent to remain? Because
they are not in a condition where the law can
impute to them that freedom of intention and
freedom of action which it is essential that a
man should hold and possess in order to locate
himself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask my honorable
friend if he contends that an Army officer can-
not change his residence while in the Army ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; not as the Sen-
ator from Ohio has stated it. I do not contend
for anything of the kind. I will tell him what
I do contend for, and what is the law, if it is
any object to tho Senator to know it, and what
has been decided a hundred times; and that is,
that an Army officer cannot change his legal
residence while he is under orders. Tho Eng-
lish courts have so decided over and over again
onqnestionsregulatingthesuccession of estates
of officers and their legacy duty. They have
decided over and over again that where an army
officer in the regular service, on duty under or-
ders, and not on leave, goes from one place to
another, whatever his personal motive and in-
tention may be as to where he will have his
domicile, itdoes not touch the question, but that
the moment ho is off duty ana under leave of
absence his complete right to govern his own
motions as a citizen or subject arises, and he
may then take up whatever place of residence
he pleases.
I am sure I need not enlarge upon such a
distinction as that to my distinguished friend
from Ohio. He sees^ it quite as plainly as I
do. It is_ the same principle that runs through
all questions of voluntary free change of per-
sonal location. Take the case of a married
woman, if you please, who in modern times has
a great many rights and privileges that are ab-
solutely independent of those of her husband,
and yet in point of lav/ she cannot gain a resi-
dence, an inhabitancy, a domicile separate from
that of her husband, as has been decided agreat
many times, for the simple reason that she falls
within the principle that I have just now stated,
'hat in contemplation of law she is not in a
condition to exercise a voluntary, freewill over
her own motions without the consent of her
husband. So of a minor, which everybody
understands; so of every person under guard-
ianship. And what is the principle that runs
through it all? It is that no person who has
not the right and the power to act, as the law-
yers say, siti juris, to be the absolute regulator
and governor of his own motions, can exercise
that faculty of taking up his domicile in one
place rather than another in such a way as to
give it any legal effect.
Senators may say that that is not philosophi-
cal. It strikes mo it is, if we are to have any
law at all on the subject of domicile. As my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Tiiuriian] has said,
there is no conflict in the decisions on this
point; they all tend in exactly that direction.
They all assert the same broad principle that
there must notonly be the fact of a change of res-
idence, but it must beafreefact, brought about
by the voluntary will of the party who goes
from one State to another to take up his abode;
and that is precisely the fact that is wanting,
confessedly wanting, in the case of General
Ames.
But after all, Mr. President, as I said before,
I do notwish to take up time, as that is alt there
is of the question. The evidence does not come
u p to the point at all. The whole o f this question
then simply is, to come back again to the Con-
stitution, whether it is worth while that such
a technicality as that should stand in tho way
of our admitting a good man and a pleasant
gentleman hero when we do not need him, and
when his vote will not do any harm to our
enemies or any good to ourselves. It is there-
fore so far a 11011 party question that it is
scarcely worth while, it may be urged, to stand
upon these nice points. It may have this ad-
vantage certainly—it probably will, with other
similar proceedings—of waking us up by and
by to the fact which we shall learn sooner or
later—perhaps too soon for some of us who live
in the doubtful States like Vermont—that there
is a last straw, and that that last straw may
some day or other break the camel's back;
but the camel is strong enough now to carry
this load and a great many others.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho question is
on agreeing to the resolution reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary, which the Secre-
tary will read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That Adclbert Ames is noteligiblo to the
scat in I ho Senate of tho United States to which ho
has been appointed.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to strike out the
word " not."
Mr. TJIURMAN. I wish to state that I am
paired with the Senator from South Carolina,
[Sir. Sawyer.] If he wero present he would
vote to admit General Ames to his seat, and I
should vote against it. I am also requested to
say that the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mob-
ton] and the Senator from Now Jersey [Mr.
Stockton] are paired. If they were here the
Senator from Indiana would vote to admit Gen-
eral Ames, and the Senator from New Jersey
would vote against it.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to say that I
have paired with my colleague [Mr. Howe] on
this question. He, if present, would vote to
seat General Ames, and I should vote against
it on all these questions.
Mr. WILLEY. My colleague, [Mr. Boke-
man,] and the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Hamilton',] have paired off. I understand the
Senator from Maryland if present would vote
against the admission of General Ames, and
my colleague would vote for it.
Mr. PATTERSON. I am requested by the
Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Fowler] to state
that he has paired with the Senator from Louis-
iana, [Mr. Kellogg.] Mr. Powleii would vote
against the admission of General Ames, and
Mr. Kellogg for it.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, before
the vote is taken, as the result in this case may
form a precedent for the future, and not with
the hope of changing anybody's views, I wish
to put on record in a very few words the reason
for the vote which I shall give.
I take it that the constitutional _ provision
requiring that a person shall be an inhabitant
of the State from which he is chosen, at the
time of his election to the Senate means some-
thing. Itmeansin my judgment that he should
have a fixed and permanent abode in the State
from which ho is chosen. I think that is the
meaning of the word "inhabitant," and that
the Constitution is not complied with in the
case of a mere sojourner or a person being
temporarily there. It must be the permanent,
fixed home of the person who is selected as
Senator. To constitute an inhabitant two things
must concur': there must be the actual presence
of the person in the place, and there must be
an intention 1o remain there. In order to
effect a change of inhabitancy from one State
to another, or from one country to another, I
understand the person must go to that State
of which he is to become an inhabitant; must
be there, and then must have the intention of
remaining there, and the two constitute inhab-
itancy. One will not do. A person cannot
make himself an inhabitant of another State
than that in which he is born or of which he
may be at the time an inhabitant by express-
ing the intention of becoming an inhabitant of
another State. There must be an act as well
as an intention.
General Ames went to Mississippi as an officer
under orders. lie remained there as an officer
under orders until after the election took place.
In ordinary cases the going to a locality whie'h
was not before the residence of the party con-
stitutes the act, and then the manifestation of
the intentinn by circumstances, or by expres-
sions, by declarations, makes out the case.
But in this case of General Ames the act of
going to Mississippi affords no presumption
whatever of inhabitancy or in favor of inhabit-
ancy in Mississippi, bccause he went there in
obedience to orders, and not voluntarily, and
therefore the act in this case is wanting. We
have his declarations, and it was at my instance
that these words were incorporated into the
report:
"Tho intentions thus deolarcd were not only to
beeomo a candidate for the Senate, but to remain
and resido in Mississippi."
Now, for my purposes, in stating my posi-
tion, I am willing that it should be understood
just as strongly as it can be, and I thought
those words should be properly put into the
report, that General Ames expressed his inten-
tion to become an inhabitant of the State of
Mississippi. Did that constitute him an inhab-
itant of that State ? That is the question. He
said he intended to become so; and if his say-
ing so made him so, then he is an inhabitant
of that State, and he is entitled to represent it
in the Senate of the United States. But all
the books say, in defining what is an inhabit-
ant that no man can make himself an inhabit-
ant by his declarations alone.
Now, what act did he ever do to make him
an inhabitant of Mississippi ? Will you tell me
one? Did he resign his commission in the
Army ? He intended to do so, and had he
resigned before his election he would have
been an inhabitant; there would have been an
act. But there is not in the report of the com-
mittee^ any act whatever. His being there, and
you will find that this is the language of the
law-books; his going to Mississippi, and his
being there under orders affords no presump-
tion whatever of his intention to become an
inhabitant of Mississippi, and constitutes no act
to make him an inhabitant. Suppose a mili-
tary officer is ordered to-day to New York city,
or to Philadelphia, or to E'iorida, does the act
of his going to New York, or to Philadelphia,
or to Florida afford any evidence whatever of
his becoming an inhabitant of one of those
places ? Surely not. But if he was not an
officer or a soldier, but a free person, sui juris
