1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
385
41st Cong....2d Sess.
American Commerce—Mr. Peters,
Ho. oar Beps.
Taxes retained.—Abstract of collections, &c.—Continued.
No.
Articles and occupation.
Rate of tax.
Amountcollected.
No.
Articles and occupation.
Rate of tax.
Amountcollected.
$1,734,417 63
445,071 49
14,110 29
Penalties, &*c,
167
1-24 of 1 percent.
1-12 of 1 percent.
171
168
169
Bank circulation, per month 
Bank circulation, exceeding 90 per
cent, of capital in addition, per
Unassessed penalties 
$237,938 49
504,438 31
123,631 20
7,441 46
3,639 33 .
172
United States share of penalties re-
covered by suits 
1-6 of 1 per cent.
850 58
173
Penalties received on compromises...
170
Banks, on amount of notes of any
person, State bank, or State bank-
174
175
10 per cent.
1,604 18 ;
$877,088 79 !
Total  
32,196,054 17 |
176
$44,829 12 |
Recapitulation.
Total collections on spirits  $45 026 401 74
Total collections on tobacco   23,430,707 57
Total collections on fermented liquors !....!!!!! 6,099,879 54
Total collections on banks and bankers "...   2196*054 17
Total collections on income    20^829*893 32
Total collections on excess of gauffer's fees   ' 44*829 12
Total collections on stamps * 16,420^710 01
Total collections on gas        2116*005 82
Total penalties, &c., collected  *877*088 79
Total  $116,441,570 08
American Commerce.
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. PETERS,
OJ? maine,
In the House of Representatives,
May 24, 1870.
The House having under consideration tile bill
(H. R. No. 1889) to revive the navigation and com-
mercial interests of the Unitod States—
Mr. PETERS said:
Mr. Speaeer: The subject-matter before the
House has been so much discussed here and
elsewhere that but little of a valuable charac-
ter can be added to complete the argument
in behalf of aid for the distressed condition of
our commerce and ship-building. Still I am
unwilling to let the occasion pass without a
word for the sinking fortunes of a national
industry in which my constituents are so
deeply interested.
The depressed condition of the building and
business of ships in our country is universally
admitted. Our scepter of power on the seas
seems to have vanished from our possession
almost in a twinkling. The statistics show
that within much less than half a decade we
have slid from the top to the very bottom
of the lists in maritime power and prosperity.
What has been the cause of such decline of
commercial enterprise and greatness ? There
seems but little doubt that the primary cause
was the rebellion, during the continuance of
which, while industries upon the land were
stimulated and benefited, our commerce was
well-nigh destroyed. While our people upon
the coasts took all their share of the general
assessments and burdens of the war they had
to receive this local and particular shock in
addition. The system of taxation occasioned
by the war has not only helped to carry ship-
building and commerce down, but lias been a
weight to keep it down like a millstone about
its neck. Besure it must be admitted there
has been in some degree a revolution produced
by the changes from xvooden sail vessels to
those of iron and steam, but the war may be
considered the occasion if not the cause of our
unfortunate predicament in this respect; for
while we were engaged in our difficulties at
home England and other nations have stepped
in ahead of us to occupy this new field of enter-
prise, in which we seem almost helpless to over-
take them.
No one will deny that there is a universal
pride and sentiment of the nation for an early
restoration of the commercial prestige and
41kt Cono. 2d Kers.—No. 25.
power which till recently so long belonged to
us. Through all ages commerce has been an
acknowledged source of great national power,
and always been courted and protected. Sir
Walter Raleigh two centuries ago said of Hol-
land, when she was mistress of the sea, that—
" Shehas no forests, but more ships than any nation
of Europe, and was the great store-house of deal
and timber as well as of cloths and spices, and the
great entrepOt of commerce."
He also proclaimed that—
" Whosoever commands the sea, commands the
trade of the world; whosoever commands the trade
of the world, commands the riches of tho world, and
consequently tho world itself."
Patrick Henry eloquently said:
" Why should we fetter commerco ? If a man is in
chains he droops and bows to tho earth, for his spirits
are broken; but let him twist tho fetters from his
legs, and ho will stand orect. Fetter not commerce,
sir, let her be as free as air; she will rango the whole
creation and return on the wings of the four winds
of heaven to bless the land with plenty."
Montesquieu, more than a century ago, said
of the people of England;
" They know better than any other peoplo upon
earth how to value at the samo timethese throe groat
advantages; roligion, commerco, and liberty."
In the Massachusetts colony, for many years
during the seventeenth century, shipwrights
were regarded as such benefactors of country
as to be exempted from military service and
other public duties. In the very beginning of
our Government the shipwrights of Massachu-
setts and South Carolina petitioned Congress
in almost the same language of the thousands
of petitions now before us, and our early annals
will show that beneficent and protective acts
of legislation were obtained by them.
Mr. Speaker, all the nations of the earth
who have but a lookout upon the ocean, or can
get upon it only by some river as a highway,
are now cultivating and preserving all the com-
merce they can command; and shall the Amer-
ican people, who possess almost a continent,
surrounded by all the seas, lag behind all other
great nations in maintaining a commercial
renown ?
What shall be done for our commerce and
ship-building, or rather, first, what should not
be done ? The remedy is, not to purchase for-
eign vessels. If that should be a temporary
it would not be a permanent relief. British
builders would then have the use of two na-
tional flags for their enterprise. We should
have no use for our ship-yards. The repair-
ing of vessels, even to a great extent, would
be done abroad. It is much wiser to pursue
a policy which will give little business to the
many than an extensive business to the few.
If we can build we shall never need buy.
While building will save the buying of ships,
buying will confer no benefits upon the busi-
ness of building. Nor would I accept the rem-
edy prescribed by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] which would impose
differential duties upon goods carried in Amer-
ican vessels. It is a policy which never has
and never will work well, and leads to retal-
iation. We have before the House a memorial
of the Legislature of Maine warmly deprecat-
ing such a policy—a Legislature undoubtedly
made up largely of merchants and shipmas-
ters, whose experience and judgment cannot
but be valuable upon such a proposition.
All things considered I would adopt the bill
before us, the whole bill and all its provisions,
as the best proposition for the relief of the
present distresses of American shipping. While
there is a friendly feeling in favor of granting
some remedy, I know there are conflicting and
various views among gentlemen as to what it
shall be. But the committee have heard all
parties and interests, and considered all the
plans proposed, and have produced this bill as
a fair resultant and compromise of all methods
proposed to them. Any amendment will mar
the equipoise of the completed bill. It will be
a wheel off the carriage or a shoe off the horse
which is to carry us. Let all who believe in
any remedy try the remedy proposed.
Mr. Speaker, this bill has been styled a meas-
ure for the protection of commerce and ship-
building. It provides rather for a relaxation
of very great duties which we have to pay for
the protection of the business of others. Taxes
on American shipping may be a protection to
some other American industriesat our expense,
and are a direct protection to the business of the
ship-builders of England. Our principal claim
is for a deliverance from such unusual burdens.
The country can lose nothing by allowing us
drawbacks, because without some encourage-
ment there will be next to no building of ships
to found a remission of duty upon. This House
are now devising how to decrease taxation upon
the country to the extent of $100,000,000, and
where can a portion of such reduction be bet-
ter applied than here ? If any revenue should
be lost by these favors to this industry while ii
is weak, the same will much more than be re
stored when the enterprise has- become strong.
The bill in all its amplitude really does 1101
amount to a highest prize; but- it will go a
great way to encourage a business fur which
our ship-yards are ready and ourlabofers and
