1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2348
in the language of the law, and went to New
York, or went to Philadelphia, or went to
Florida, that would be an act, and when you
couple that with his declaration that when he
went there he intended to reside there you
make him an inhabitant. And in this case
General Ames could have made himself an
inhabitant of Mississippi, in my opinion, al-
though he was an officer in the Army.
I do not hold to the position which some
have asserted that an officer of the Army or
Navy cannot acquire for himself a home and
mi inhabitancy while he is in the Army or
Navy; but he must do something to show that.
An officer in the Navy of the United States who
is a native of the State of Illinois, and whose
residence is in Illinois until he thinks proper
to change it, who has a family, may be ordered
to duty at the navy-yard in Brooklyn, and I
think he may while he is stationed at Brook-
lyn bring his family there, buy property there,
make his home there, and these will be acts—
his purchase of property, his bringing his fam-
ily there, his fixing his home there; and it will
be understood that that is his home. His so
declaring it, and the acts he has done in con-
nection with his declaration prove his inhabit-
ancy there. When he goes to sea, he may be
gene five years on a cruise to the East Indies,
and Brooklyn would be his home all the time,
because he had fixed his family there, he had
purchased property there; he had done some
acts in addition to the simple declaration.
If General Ames had fixed his home in Mis-
sissippi ; if, instead of intending to resign he
had resigned; if instead of intending to pur-
chase property and doing something, he had
done it, he could have fixed his home and his
residence there, in my opinion. But this case
is utterly barren of any act that General Ames
ever did to constitute him an inhabitant of the
State of Mississippi. What is the act? Will
any one tell me ? You will tell me that he said
he intended to become so. That is a declara-
tion of his intention, and the law-books are
full of eases that no man can establish himself
as an inhabitant by simple declarations. That
is all there is in the ease.
With this view of it, Mr. President, it seems
to me that General Ames is not, in the sense
of the Constitution, entitled to be a Senator
in the Senate of the United States; and conse-
quently I shall vote for the resolution as reported
by the committee, holding that it is competent
for an Army officer to establish a residence
while in the Army, but that there must be some
act besides a simple declaration to evidence
that inhabitancy so that he can change it from
one State to another, and that that element is
entirely wanting in the ease under considera-
tion.
This has always been the understanding
of Congress, I think, with regard to Army
officers. Only a few years ago we passed a
statute which makes it a highly penal offense
for soldiers or officers in the Army of the
United States to interfere with elections. A
statute passed in 1865 makes it a highly penal
offense to bring soldiers anywhere about the
polls where an election is taking place in any
State in this Union. When we created the
Territory of Oregon in 1848 this provision was
put into the law which established the Terri-
tory of Oregon:
"That no officer, soldier, seaman, or marine, or
other person in the Army or Navy of the "United
States, or attached to troops in the service of the
United States, shall be allowed to vote in said Ter-
ritory by reason of being on service therein, unless
;i'i Territory is and has been for a period of six
months his permanent domicile."
Showing that he could by acts make it his
permanent domicile.
" Provided further, That no person belonging to
the Army or Navy of the United States shall be
elected to, or hold any civil office or appointment
in, «aid Territory.''
That was the law in regard to Oregon. The
same statute was reenaeted again when we
formed the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska,
and I presume it will be tound by looking at
the statutes—I have not run them through—
that in nearly all our Territories we have by
express statute provided that no military officer
can hold civil office or be appointed to civil
office. That has been the policy of the coun-
try. We have treated these reconstructed
States somewhat like Territories. There is
nothing in the reconstruction acts that says in
so many words that a military officer may not
be appointed to a civil office ; but there is the
Constitution of the United States, which de-
clares that no person shall be elected to this
body from a State who is not an inhabitant of
the State at the time of his election, and in
this case there is wanting that element, that is,
some act on the part of General Ames at the
time of his election to show that he was an
inhabitant of Mississippi.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I hesitate
to say a word in this debate. The question has
been exhausted on both sides, and to me, I
must be pardoned for saying, it is infinitely
plain. It is plain in law; it is plain in fact.
When I say it is plain in law I believe all the
Senate on both sides will concur, for indeed
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thukman] stated
the law precisely as I understand it.
We all know that in topography there are
what are called water-sheds, sometimes high,
sometimes low, and from three elevations flow
in opposite directions the currents which there
find their fountains. Sir, the water-shed of
this debate is found in the intent; and this
water-shed maybe high or low. Suffice it that
it is a water-shed; this is enough. Suffice it
that the intent appears, and this is all that is
required, in order to determine the character of
the residence. Show me a citizen actually in
a State, then the intent to remain fixes his
inhabitancy.
The Senator from Illinois substantially ad-
mitted this rule of law. I agree with him that
there are but two things to be shown: first,
what the old books call the factum,, and, sec-
ondly, what the same old books call the ani-
mus. What is the factuml It is residence.
What is the animus? It is intent to stay.
Now, in point of law you can add nothing to
these. You may argue till doomsday; you
may cite authorities without number; but you
can add nothing to these two simple require-
ments, residence and intent.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. As he has referred to my
statement of the law I will say that I did state
that those were the two things necessary, resi-
dence and intention ; that you want to find out
what is residence that creates inhabitancy, and
what is intention that creates inhabitancy, and
what I said was, and I maintain yet, that a
residence which is enforced is no residence,
and an intention that the party has no power
to execute so long as he remains in the Army
is no intention at all. An intention that the
party has no power to execute has no virtue
whatever.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I will come to
that. The Senator and myself agree that in
point of law there are but two tilings to be
established, and only two: residence and in-
tent. The question that remains is one of evi-
dence; it is not a question of law. If the
Senator were on the bench, which he once
adorned, he would be obliged to charge the
}ury in this way. The rule of law is positive.
All that remains comes under the head of evi-
dence. Now, I say by law you must show
those two things, residence and intent, and
you cannot add to either a tittle. _ J
On this occasion, the mostimportant require- (j
ment is that of intent. This is the requirement jj
that has been most argued. And herel go ;|
back to that original Latin phrase whichdotnin- jj
ates this case and which is in itself an ail-suffi- ;i
cient rule ; I mean the animus manendi. Why jj
is this phrase, so often repeated, handed down ;j
for successive centuries ? Simply because, like il
maxims of law or like proverbs, it contains iu
one short phrase a rule. You have there a
chapter of jurisprudence, if you please, or a
volume. It is the mind or the intent to
remain which governs. This is all that the
law says. The law does not go forward and
require, as the Senator from Illinois has argued
to-day, that there must be an act. You find
no such requirement in the rule. The rule is
explicit, precise; and here I challenge contra-
diction. It is simply the intent to remain, the
animus manendi. Step beyond that and you
are lost, if you undertake to state the law.
There is no rule of law outside of this simple
sum total.
I come then to the point that we have before
us, simply a question of intent. I might cite
authorities here. I have some of them before
me. I will read one. For instance, here is
Vattel, quoted by Judge Story in his article on
" Domicile" in the Encyclopedia Americana,
which Senators familiar with this subject know
is of authority:
" Vattel defines domicile to be a fixed residence in
any place with an intention of always staying there."
On this Judge Story very properly remarks:
"This is not quito accurate. It would be more
correct to say that that place is the home or domi-
cile of a person in which his habitation is fixed with-
out any present intention of removing therefrom."
Here are words completely applicable to the
ease now before us. The learned author then
proceeds to say:
" This question of domicile is often a mere question
of intention."
And then adds:
" The mere dwelling or residence in a place is not
of itself sufficient to make it the domicile of the
party. Ho must be there with the intention of re-
maining, animo manendi
Mark the old recurring phrase with its light
and limitation. Here, again, I say is the rule.
You cannot go outside of it. If you go outside
of it you are lost. I am speaking of the rule
of law. I know that there can be no addition
to that, because if you do undertake to add to
it or to take from it, you must depart from the
Sjurisprudence of every civilized country ; not.
only of our own country, not only of England,
but of every civilized nation on the continent
of Europe. In the jurisprudence of every one
of those countries, you will find this same dis-
tinct, precise, simple rule.
Now, sir, allow me to say—I-say it with
entire respect—the confusion in this debate has
arisen from confounding the rule of law with
the evidence under that rule. The rule, I say,
is precise that there must be intent. But how
shall the intent be proved ? Sometimes in one
way, sometimes in another; sometimes by long-
continued residence; by purchase of property;
by the establishment of a home ; by the estab-
lishment of a place of business ; by all those
circumstances and incidents which show fixity
of purpose. All this comes under the head of
evidence. It does not touch the rnle of law
behind.
The Senator from Illinois says there must
be an act. Allow me to say that words are
sometimes acts, and especially if associated
with important events. It is a familiar phrase
of law that language enters into what we call
the res gestce; language is welded into the
transaction and becomes a part of it. Words
then become things; and when were words
more things than when the commanding gen-
eral in Mississippi distinctly declared his pur-
pose to resign his commission in the Army of
the United States and accept a nomination as
j Senator? Here was a declaration, constant-
; ins p>art of the res gest<e, and in itself an act.
| I am not soeaking merely on theory. 1 have
j in mv hand a case which I think when 1 read
i it you wi'll see is applicable. I refer to Met -
i ealfe's Reports, volume three, page 200, the
■ I case of Kilburn vs. Bennett. In the statemen.
i! of facts is the following passage:
i! "For the purpose of showing withwhat intent the
ii t WffifoS taee weeks
before that day he told S. Shattuck, m whoso house
