1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5175
he places the right of a Chinaman, for example,
to become naturalized, to become a citizen of
the United States, upon the same natural and
moral level that he does a colored man to be
clothed with political rights, to have the right
of suffrage, and to have political equality con-
ferred upon him ? In other words, has the
Chinaman a natural and moral right to become
a citizen of the United States?
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator desire
an answer ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; that is the pre-
cise point.
Mr. SUMNER. I answer that he has not;
but I answer with equal confidence that if the
United States undertakes to legislate on nat-
uralization, it is bound by the Constitution of the
United States, interpreted by the Declaration
of Independence, to make no distinction of
color. I do not say that we are bound to
admit everybody to our naturalization ; but I
do say, and I challenge question, criticism,
and reply, that if we undertake to legislate on
the subject, we can make no distinction of
race or color.
Mr. MORTON. One question further. The
Senator admits now that the Chinaman has no
natural or moral right to demand citizenship.
Therefore, we may refuse it without violating
any right that he has. I call the Senator's
attention to the fact that the declaration of
right made in the Declaration of Independence
was of a natural and God given right to every
man, the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness, given by God, and which no
earthly Government bad the right to takeaway
from him. Now, according to the Senator's
admission, and with the character of the Dec-
laration of Independence, why quote that per-
petually on this subject? I submit to the Sen-
ator that it has no application. I submit that
the question as to whether we will naturalize
the Chinaman is a question of policy and ex-
pediency, and not a question of natural right,
and therefore is not to be discussed upon the
Declaration of Independence. Nobody, I pre-
sume, objects to conferring the right of nat-
uralization upon men of African descent or of
African blood; but there is a feeling of dread
in this country with regard to what might be
considered as an inundation or an avalanche
of the vast population of China. Therefore, the
question as to whether we shall invite Chinamen
here by naturalizing them, is not a question
of natural right to be discussed from the high
stand-point the Senator has been talking ab<?ut
here to-night at all, but it is simply a question
of expediency, a question of policy. It seems
to me there has been a sad confusion of ideas
all through this discussion, and that the true
point has been obscured by things which have
no application to it at all.
Mr. SUMNEK. Mr. President, that is a very
sad confusion of ideas that shall be willing to
recognize a difference between the statutes of
this land and the Constitution of the United
States and the Declaration of Independence.
I insist upon their harmony. 1 strive to bring
them into concord. Senators seek to make
discord, and then say that there is a confusion
of ideas. Surely there is a confusion of ideas
when any Senator is willing to recognize the
word " white " in a statute.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
one more question?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator admitted to-
day, expressly, that under the Constitution of
the United States we had a perfect right to
exclude Chinamen and everybody else ; and
with that admission, and now with the admis-
giou that Chinamen have no natural or moral
right to demand naturalization, why does he
talk about a conflict between the statutes and
the Constitution? Is it not a confusion ot
terms? . .
Mr. SUMNER. I beg to say no ; it is not a
confusion of terms. The contusion is m that
idea which would keep up discord. I wish con-
cord—concord between the statutes of the land
and the Declaration of Independence. The
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] has
argued to-day that we might under the Con-
stitution build a Chinese wall around this great
Republic to prevent any immigrant from enter-
ing it. I have not ventured to say that; but I
do say that under the Constitution Congress
has power over naturalization; but when it
undertakes to naturalize, its rule must be uni-
form without discrimination of race or color.
The Senator from Indiana says the contrary.
He introduces confusion; he introduces dis-
cord. I seek to banish confusion and to sub-
stitute concord.
Mr. HOWE. Is the pending amendment
open to amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following proviso :
Provided, That nothing in this or any other act of
Congress shall be so construed as to authorize the
naturalization of any person born in a pagan coun-
try, unless with his oath of allegiance the applicant
shall take and file an oath abjuring his belief in all
forms of paganism.
I shall not take up any time of the Senate in
defending that amendment. I shall not embar-
rass anybody by calling even for the yeas and
nays upon it. I desire to record my own vote in
favor of it. I will simply say that I think lam
as much in favor of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence as any Senator on this floor. I stand
as squarely upon it, according to my belief, as
any Senator here; and yet I know of nothing
in the Declaration of Independence, nothing
in the Constitution of the United States, which
should demand of us to clothe with the sublime
dignity of an 'American citizen every style of
people God lias permitted to occupy this earth.
1 cannot believe that the fact of a man's being
born black is a reason of itself for excluding
him from naturalization, and therefore I cannot
withhold finally my vote from the proposition
moved by the Senator from Massachusetts.
But if that be adopted it v/'Aexvitermini^Avcai
into our society and to the rights of American
citizens certain classes of people occupying the
eastern coast of Asia, occupying the islands of
the Indian ocean, that I think we have a right
under the Constitution to exclude, and whom
I think it is our bounden duty to exclude from
these privileges. Therefore I shall vote for
this amendment. Sometime I may find an
opportunity or take an opportunity to defend
the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment-
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote against this
amendment, as I have against all others on this
bill, and for the same reason. In doing so I
wish to say that I do not abandon any of the
doctrines of the Declaration of Independence.
I was committed to those doctrines publicly,
and it is on the lecord, before I knew any
member of this body, or ever heard ot any one
of them, or ever read a word that they ever
wrote or uttered. I have had no reason in all
these thirty-five years that have passed to
change any of my opinions, and 1 have striven
on all proper and legitimate occasions to carry
them out.
This matter came up in ihe House of Rep-
resentatives the other day in a bill introduced
by the Judiciary Committee of that body, con-
taining this principle, making no exemptions
and. no exclusions. The bill was defeated over-
whelmingly. Then tiie matter comes up heie.
This nat.uialization bill comes up here in an-
other form at this late hour ot the session, when
we have an immense number ot important biUs
crowding for action. It was clear and plain to
my mind that if this proposition was moved or
put on this bill time must be taken, perhaps
the bill itself periled, and a number ot other
important bills lost. Those bills are lost; we
have spent this time. , n
Sir, the country understands all of tms ana
will clearly see it. I have no anxiety about it.
The country will not hold me nor any member
of this body who believes in - the doctrines of
the Declaration^ of Independence, and who
means to maintain them on all fit and proper
occasions when it can be done, responsible for
undertaking to retreat from those doctrines,
because we do not choose to put them on a bill
when we think by so doing we should endan-
ger the passage of the bill at that particular
moment of time. There are times and occa-
sions for all things. If there are any Senators
here who have retreated from their position,
who have maintained doctrines here to-day
contrary to the doctrines that we profess, they
are responsible for it, and the country will prop-
erly ho'ld them responsible for it. For myself,
I do not qualify or retract any of those doc-
trines, and I mean to maintain them on all fit
and proper occasions ; but when a giieat and
important question is pending, and time and
circumstances make it certain that a move-
ment of that kind cannot be successful, but
may peril all, I take the liberty and the respons-
ibility of voting against it.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator who has
just taken his seat has twice informed us to-day,
if I apprehend his views correctly, that it is not
any opposition to the principle contained in
the amendment offered by his colleague that
prevents his voting for it, but it is the fear that
by adopting that as a part of this bill, this
great and important measure may be defeated.
That leads us at once to consider whether this
is such a great and important measure ; it
leads us to weigh its importance as compared
with the amendment offered by the Senator's
colleague.
Now, I put it to the Senator who has just
taken his seat, where is the importance of this
great measure? Is it the House bill? Why,
sir, as is admitted I believe, and I think would
be admitted by the Senator who has this bill in
charge, there is not one important provision in
the House bill that is not already a part of the
statute law of this land. The House bill is not
worth the paper and ink with which it is printed.
The only thing that is in it is a few useless pro-
visions, punishing false personations, which are
amply covered by statutes already in force.
The House bill, I repeat, is nothing but piling
up cumulative punishments for offenses already
defined by the law.
But what else is there that is important
about it? The two sections that have been
put on the House bill in the Senate ? What
are they, pray, that they are of such import-
ance as to outweigh this "great principle"
which the Senator tells us is the very found-
ation of the Republican party? What are these
two great sections, forsooth? _ That the circuit
court may appoint two individuals, one of
each party, who may attend the registration
of voters and may challenge persons who claim
the right to register ; and in the second piaee,
that they may go and sit where the votes are
taken, without any power to reject any voter,
without any power except to use their eyes, to
look and see what is done, or to open their
ears and to hearwhatis said, until the election
is over and the votes are counted, and then
they are to have the sublime privilege of writing
their names on the returns 1 It is an entire mis-
take for my friends to think this is an important
thing. It does seem to me it is about the most
useless thing—I was going to use a stronger
term, but respect forbids my using it—that
pv^i* engaged the Senate of the United States
for two days.
There is another provision m the last sec-
tion, that the marshal may appoint special dep-
utiesin order to preserve the peace at elections.
I appeal to the honesty of every Senator here
whether there is any use for any such thing,
even if you had the power to do it? _ 1 will not
go into that argument. I am not disposed to
take- the time of the Senate at this late hour
on that question to show what an injudicious
