386
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
Ho. op Reps.
Removal of Political Disabilities—Mrt Harris.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
mechanics in waiting. It will encourage our
artisans and builders upon the work of a busi-
ness revival.
And, Mr. Speaker, if the Government will
over afford the encouragement sought for, it
should be now, before the ship-yards have
become deserted and our artisans have aban-
doned them for other avocations. I very well
recollect two years ago when a similar bill was
before this House, while there was a friendly
feeling for some law which would prevent a
further decline of American tonnage, the views
of members were so various as to what the
remedy should be that it ended in no prac-
ticable result. Had we received then what we
hope may be accorded to-day we should have
been before this quite in advance of our present
position in the race with our foreign rivals.
Section one of the bill proposes a drawback
upon materials to be used in ship-construction.
Section two proposes a waiver of duties on all
ship stores to be used in our vessels, a priv-
ilege now accorded by all other commercial
nations to their own ships. These sections do
not,, therefore, so much provide a direct pro-
tection to us, but are rather a release of cer-
tain burdens which otherwise we have to bear
for the protection of others. Section three
provides for certain subsidies to steam or iron
vessels in foreign trade ; but the tonnage duties
collectible under section four will more than
reimburse the payment of such subsidies. And
while these tonnage taxes are to bo retained,
it must be borne in mind that similar duties
upon all land carriage are recommended by
the Committee of Ways and Means to ho re-
pealed.
Mr. Speaker, it lias been strongly urged that
the privileges of the provisions of this bill are
not necessary, so far as vessels in our coasting
trade are concerned, because by our naviga-
tion laws no foreign vessel can engage in that
trade. 1 do not agree to such a proposition.
[ will admit, sir, that coasters do not need so
much protection as other tonnage, nor do they
get it by this bill. They are to receive no
premiums or subsidies that are provided for
foreign vessels.
The drawbacks will be the only boon to be
received. Coasters should receive that amount
of benefit for various considerations, because
a large share of the same vessels which ply
the coasting business also engage in foreign
freights; because coasters have upon them the
same net-work of various taxation that all
vessels have in their construction and use;
because, in point of fact, the building and run-
ning of coasters has latterly, from sympathy
with the distresses of ship-building generally,
become au unprofitable occupation; because
the coaster, perhaps worth (en dollars a ton,
pays as much tonnage tax per ton as the most
magnificent foreign vessel worth SI 10 per ton;
because vessels designed for the foreign trade
have from necessity been driven into the coast-
ing trade, thereby lessening the profits of the
business; because the remission of duties byway
of drawback would be but a small matter com-
paratively, inasmuch as the business is a limited
one, and the supply of vessels already complete,
and few would be built; becauseyou cannotstim-
ulate one kind of ship-building without thereby
encouraging all kinds. In the same ship-yards
the different sized vessels are built; the same
artisans construct and the same capitalists own
them ; side by side the schooner and the ship
comprise the common industry. The more
vigorous you pake the arm of power to carry
on the coasting, the more power you at the
same time impart to compete in the foreign
rrade. AH vessels in excess of the home busi-
ness must venture for trade abroad. Vessels
must be at work ; idleness is decay and death
to them.
I would not deny the boon of this bill to the
eoaster for still further considerations. There
will be a difficulty, if not an impossibility, in
making a distinction between the craft. When
a schooner sails along Lake Brie she is a
coaster; and when she sails across the lake
she is in a foreign trade. When she leaves
Eastport for Boston she plys the coaster's
vocation ; but if she departs from the province
of New Brunswick for the same destination
she sails between foreign ports. The encour-
agement to coasters will help our inland navi-
gation and make transportation by the way of
the lakes and rivers cheaper from the West,
thereby offering more power to^ compete with
railroads, which are fast becoming so expen-
sive for freights.
The coasting trade is the real nursery of our
seamen. It is where our young men learn
the trade of the sea. It is a dangeroiw busi-
ness to life and property, so much so that our
coasters usually sail without insurance, as it is an
expense that the profits of the business cannot
pay. Give us motive to increase our tonnage,
any and all kinds of tonnage, and you will stim-
ulate and build up a maritime prosperity. Help
rescue this national industry now while it is
sinking, instead of resorting by and by to more
expensive means of resuscitation after the busi-
ness has sunk to the bottom. The South should
feel an interest in this measure for their own
particular welfare. To the North it is a vital
matter. We have given the West our bounties
for public improvements and granted to her
immensely from our public domain. Ay, more,
and much more valuable, we have sent out to
her a tide of our population. The least which
all the sections can do for the revival of a great
national industry and interest is to vote for
this bill.
llcmova! of Political Disabilities.
SPEECH OF HON\ G. E. HARRIS,
01' MISSISSIPPI,
l'x the House op Repbesexta-mves,
May 24, 1870,
On tho bill (II. It. No. 1481) to removo political dis-
abilities of tho citizens of Mississippi.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I would not
trespass upon your time or upon tho patience
of this House did I not conceive the question
of amnesty to bo a question of sufficient mag-
nitude and importance to justify the anxiety
evinced and the interest manifested, not only
by this House, nor by those alone upon whom
disfranchisement has fallen, and upon whom
it now rests so heavily, but by the liberal and
fair-minded men of the nation. And I feel
justly proud that this the first time my voice
has been raised in these Halls it is in defense
of tho right and of justice, and in the vindica-
tion of one of the most sacred of human rights;
not, however, proud of the occasion which
calls forth such a vindication.
However just and due the considerations
which induced the action of Congress in the
disfranchisement of many thousands of our
fellow-citizens of the South ; however great
the necessity for some measure that would
throw a shield of protection around the vital
interests of this Government at the time these
laws were passed by Congress ; and however
portentous the evils that then threatened to
embarrass the Government in the settlement
of a great political trouble, and impede the
progress of reconstruction of the States lately
in rebellion ; yet if reconstruction is asuccess,
in the maintenance of the Union inviolable,
and in the upholding and sustaining of human
rights in a sad conflict with State rights, and
all fearful apprehensions are dispelled, may we
not conclude that existing oppressions are un-
necessary for all practical purposes of safety to
the Government or of security to our friends ?
F presume, sir, that fewin thisHouse can feel
upon this subject as I feel. In the language
oftlieapostle, "asoneborn outof dueseason,"
I have sighed, groaned, wept, and agonized,
under the oppressive hand of disfranchisement,
until the early part of the present session it
has pleased this Congress to relieve me, and 1
take this occasion to return my grateful thanks
for my emancipation to the liberties where-
with I am now free.
Mr. Speaker, the last decade of years through
which we have passed has been fraught with
the deepest interest, thrilling incidents pro
gressive in their nature, pregnant with histor-
ical facts, and crowded with almost an eternity
of events ; an attempted disruption by an
armed rebellion of nearly one third of the na-
tion, who stuck to their banner like the ancient
Hebrew to the ark of the covenant; and if our
fathers of the Revolution displayed a courage
and a firmness that rendered their names im-
mortal in history, surely the southern soldier
in that regard has evinced to the world that he
has not degenerated from the virtue of his
ancestors; and while martyrdom furnished no
test of the truth of Christianity, but merely an
evidence of the sincerity of the martyr, so it
was with the southern soldier; while the sacri-
fice of life on many a well-contested battle-
field was no proof of the correctness of his
position, yet it evinced a sincerity sealed with
his own blood.
Sir, an internal faction that threatened to
rend the Government asunder has been suc-
cessfully subdued in the sanguinary struggle.
The long-cherished system of human slavery
has been abolished, and disappeared like mists
before the morning sun, and is known only as
one of the relies of barbarism and numbered
among the things of the dead past, and the
pioneers of human rights have wrought the
liberty and equality of all men before the law
to the satisfaction of the most fastidious. And
though the world may have stood aghast at the
vast engines of human destruction, yet their
wonder must have turned into admiration ns
army succeeded army, and the final conflict,
terminated in the preservation of the Union
as it was formed by our fathers and transmitted
to us as a heritage. And since the termination
of the war five long years of bitter strife have
rolled into the dead past, and the statute-books
of the nation abound in legislation, in earnest
effort to repair the breach and to extend the
rightful authority of the Government over
every class of its citizens, to govern and to
protect.
Mr. Speaker, it would do violence to the
character of the American people to presume
that the bloody contest of five years, mixed with
successes and reverses, can be erased from
memory, and that they will cease in a day to
remember the past and to cherish the memory
of their dead. No, sir; they would be unworthy
of the reunion they have just formed with their
sister States, and especially when the past has
been to the South crowded with such sad and
appalling realities. May it not be expected,
sir, that they would be loath to realize the situ-
ation, adopt the new order of things, and to
conform their action to the policy of the Gov-
ernment? It is a sudden transition, sir; yet it
has been accomplished as rapidly, I insist,
under all the circumstances, as the Govern-
ment could have reasonably expected. And
in the State which I have the honor in part to
represent the people would have been long
since well prepared for the inevitable result
but for the delusive hope held out to them by
those from whom they received countenance
and courage, and from whom they thought they
had reason to expect support even in 1860-61.
I allude to the Democracy of the North. And
it is a matter of history that during the last
administration it was extremely difficult to sat-
isfy the people of the southern States with any-
thing less than their own terms and stipulations
in the settlement of these vexed questions.
