g8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
may therefore except from its appellate, juris-
diction any description of case or question it
pleases. That court has repeatedly recognized
and affirmed this power, in Congress, and it
now stands unquestioned, simply because there
is no ground for question.
There can, therefore, be no doubt of the
constitutional power of Congress to pass this
bill. The only.point is whether we ought to
pass it? This brings me to the discussion of
the higher question of the right of the judiciary
to declare an act of Congress void for uncon-
stitutionality. If theypossess that right under
the Constitution, we could not deprive them of
it by any, legislation we might adopt, and this
bill, therefore,-should not pass, But if they
do not possess it under the Constitution, all
with one voice will say that" they should not
be permitted to exercise it; and we should be
untrue-to ourselves and to the Constitution if
we failed to pass this bill or some other of
equivalent import. We should thereby become
a party to the subjection of Congress to an out-
side tribunal, which the whole terms of the
Constitution and the theories of all civilized
governments require to be subordinate to that
power which makes the laws.
This subject closely touches and nearly con-
cerns the national sovereignty. That there is
a sovereignty in this land, and that it reside^
iu the people, we all know. What is it? It
is the supreme power—the combination of all
powers—the power to do everything in the
management and control of the affairs of the
nation without accountability to any other
authority ; or in the language of the Supreme
Court, in Livingston vs. Moore, 7 Peters,
469,545:
"The power existing in every body-politic is an
absoluto despotism. In constituting a Government
the body-politic distributes that power as it pleases,
and in the quantity it pleases, and imposes what
checks it pleases upon its publio functionaries."
In such a nation as this the people cannot
directly wield this sovereignty, but must exer-
cise it by delegation. Hence our written Con-
stitution, creating a Government with three
distinct departments, the legislative, the exec-
utive, and the judicial. Which of these de-
partments wields the sovereignty of the Amer-
ican people? Not any of them that receives
law from another department. Among the
three there must, in the nature of things, be
one superior in law and in fact to the others;
one having power to give law to the others; one
notaccountable to the others, or either of them.
Find that one and you find the depositary of
the national sovereignty.
Blackstone says "sovereignty and legis-
lature are convertible terms," and so in effect
says the Constitution of the United States, for
by its terras the sovereignty of the nation
speaks and acts through its organized Legisla-
ture, the Congress. There, and there only, is
its law-making power. The Constitution leaves
nothing doubtful on this point. Its language
is simple, sufficient, overpowering:
"All legislative powers herein granted shall be
vested in a Congress of theUnitedStates."
Blackstone also characterized the British
Parliament as "the place where that absolute
despotic power which mustin all governments
reside somewhere is intrusted by the constitu-
tion of these kingdomsand so we may char-
acterize the Congress as the place where that
absolute power which in a republic as in all
other governments must reside somewhere is
intrusted by the Constitution, with limitations,
to be sure, but within the bounds of those lim-
itations as absolute a power as that of the
British Parliament; or, in the language of'the
Supreme Court in McCulloch vs. Maryland, 4
Wheaton, 316:
"If anyone proposition could command tho uni-
versal assent of mankind we might expect it would
be this: that the Government of the Union, though
limited in its powers, is supreme within its sphere of
action."
The sovereignty of a nation speaks only in
its laws, and the body authorized to frame and
promulgate those laws is its mouthpiece. ' So
stands the Congress toward the sovereignty of
the. American people. When it enacts a law
it speaks the voice of their sovereignty. Is
that voice subject to be silenced by a court estab-
lished by- the sovereignty itself? Tbat is the
question. _
It has never been claimed'that the Consti-#
tution contains any words expressly conferring
upoft any court the right to deelare an act of
Congress unconstitutional and void. That the
absence, of auy such words may appear, I read
so much of the third Article of the Constitu-
tion .as relates to judicial power :
"Section I.
"The judicial power of the United-States shall be
vested m one Supremo Court, and in such inferior
courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain
and establish.
"Section II.
"l.-The judicial power shall extend.to.all cases in
law and equity arising under this Constitution, the
laws of the United States, and treaties^ made or
which shall be made under their authority; to all
cases affecting, embassadors, other public ministers,
and consuls; to all cases of admiralty "and maritime
jurisdiction; to controversies to which the United
States shall be a party; to controversies between
two or more States; between a State and citizens of
another State; between citizens of different States;
between citizens of the same State claiming lands
under grants of different States; and between a
Stato or the citizens thereof, and foroign States, citi-
zens or subjects.
"2. In all cases affecting embassadors, other pub-
lic ministers, and consuls, and those in which aStato
shall be party, the Supreme Court shall have ori-
ginal jurisdiction. In all tho other cases before
mentioned the Supreme Court shall 'have appellate
jurisdiction, both as to law and fact, with such ex-
ceptions and under such regulations as the Congress
shall make."
Here are no words expressly authorizing the
Supreme Court or any other to declare an act
of Congress void for unconstitutionality. One
might expect so extraordinary a power to be
expressed and defined ; but it is not. That it
is not, that so well-considered and important
an instrument as the written Constitution of a
nation should fail to write it down in terms,
would seem to be conclusive against the inten-
tion to confer it. Bat the Supreme Court does
not hesitate to draw this great power to itself
by implication. The political power to unmake
laws is claimed to reside impliedly in a grant
of judicial power. The right to arrest the
legislative will is held to belong incidentally
to the right to expound and interpret the law.
The tribunal established to administer the laws
infers in itself the province of annulling them.
If this claim be just, there is presented the
unexampled spectacle of a nation not only
consenting to but actually providing for the
thwarting of its own legislative will, expressed
through its own representatives, by a few men
possessing no legislative function and holding
the only position under the Government in
which they are supposed to be beyond the
reach of popular influence, as they certainly
are exempt from popular retribution through
the ballot-box. Let us examine this juridical
anomaly.
What was meant by the words "judicial
power" in the Constitution? It will be ob-
served that while the persons and subjects
upon which the courts may aet are named, the
nature and attributes of their power are not
defined, though those of the legislative and
executive departments are. We must there-
fore look elsewhere than in the Constitution
for the meaning of those words; and we are
restricted to their meaning at the lime the
Constitution was framed. If the words "judi-
cial power" have now a different meaning from
that they had in 1787, we are not at liberty in
construing the Constitution to give them their
present meaning, but must go back to that of
the period of their insertion there. This doc-
trine was laid down by the Supreme Court in
the famous Dred Seott case, 19 Howard, 393,
426, in regard to another word in the Constitu-
tion, and in my opinion cannot be successfully
controverted.
Nothing in American jurisprudence is better
known than that the common law of England
was the law of the British colonies, and of the
States into which those colonies were trans-
formed. The Constitution^ in the seventh
amendment, clearly recognizes this fact, as
the Supreme Court also has repeatedly done.
When, therefore, the framers of the Constitu-
tion used therein the words "judicial power,"
without defining their import, it cannot be
questioned that they meant the judicial power
then known at the common law, and no other.
If there could be found iu the judicial power
at the common law prior to 1787 a right to
declare an act of Parliamentvoid for any eanse,
I grant that it would tend to sustain the claim
of right in the Federal judiciary to declare an
act of-Congress void for unconstitutionality.
But nothing is more impossible to find under
that system of law ; on the contrary, we find
the exact opposite.
The authority of Blackstone alone upon such
a point is sufficient.. He says:
" An aet of Parliament is the exercise of the highest
authority that this kingdom acknowledges upon
earth. It hath power to bind every subject in this
land and the dominions thereunto belonging; nay,
even the king himself if particularly named therein.
And it cannot be altered, amended, dispensed with,
suspended, or repealed but in the same forms and
by the same authority of Parliament; for it is a
maxim ia law that it requires tho same strength to
dissolve as to create an obligation."
This description applies perfectly to an aet
of Congress passed in relation to any .subject
over which the Constitution gives it legislative
power. In that field its acts are as omnipotent
as those of Parliament over any subject, and
are equally incapable of being dispensed with,
"suspended, or repealed by any authority but
that which passed them.
Again, on the subject of the courts rejecting
an act of Parliament as unreasonable, he re-
pudiated any such authority; "for," says«4ie,
"that were to set the judicial power above
that of the Legislature, which would be the
subversion of all government." The reason
hereassigned applies equally to every ground
upon which the right of the judiciary in this
country to annul an act of Congress may be
based; it sets the judicial power above that of
the Legislature, to th«; subversion of all govern-
ment. If tbe acts of the legislative power- may
be arrested and annulled by another power,
then the legislative power is not the highest,
and if not the highest it does not wield the
sovereignty. The very existence of such an
interfering right destroys the idea of sover-
eignty, for whoever holds that right is the
superior.
These references to the great English com-
mentator prove that when the Constitution
was framed the people of the United States
knew literally nothing of any right in the
judiciary at tbe common law to annul or re-
fuse to enforce a statute enacted by the supreme
Legislature of the country, whose system of
laws they inherited. They knew -the judiciary
only as the dispenser of distributive justice.
Nor had they known, so far as history speaks,
of the exercise of any such right by the courts
of any of the States es to the laws thereof. I
hold it incontestibly true that the conception
of such aright in the Federal judiciary was
subsequent to tbe formation of the Constitu-
tion, an ex post facto gloss of it, deriving no
sanction from any previous practice at the
common law in England or America, and
entitled to no weight in determining the mean-
ing of the Constitution.
From all this it results, in my judgment,
that the judicial power granted by the Consti-
tution contained no authority to declare an act
of the national Legislature, claimed to have been
passed in pursuance of its powers, void for any
cause whatever. And this conclusion is enforced
by the well-known distinction between judicial
and legislative power. The former never
includes the latter. But in this case it must
include it if the claim of the judiciary be sus-
tained. It is as much a legislative power to
unmake a law as to make it. To unmake a
law, by whatever process, is in effect to repeal
