4232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
one fourth of them arc women and children.
I have caused an investigation on this point
to be made. I have inquired of the banks at
my own home and of the banks in Philadel-
phia; and I iind that in one of the banks at
my own home, the National Bank of Chester
county, there are three hundred and twenty-
nine shareholders, of whom two hundred and
seven are men and one hundred and twenty-
two are women. I find that in the Philadel-
phia National Bank, one of the best institu-
tions of the city of Philadelphia, the number
of shareholders is six hundred and forty, and
of that number two hundred and seventy-six
are men, two hundred and nine are women,
and one hundred and fifty-five are guardians
having in their charge the money of orphans.
Thus more than one half the stockholders of
the National Bank of Philadelphia, and owning
nearly one half the capital, are individuals inca-
pable of taking caro of their moneyed affairs,
and who have to trust their money into the cus-
tody of somebody else in whom they have con-
fidence. And yet the gentlemen on the other
side of the House are willing to undertake an
onslaught on those defenseless people. I think
it is unkind; I think it is ungenerous; I feel
it is unmanly to attempt to deprive these help-
less individuals of the benefits of the contract
which the Government has made with them in
the national banking law, by saying to them,
" Stand and deliver" your six per cent, bonds
for four and a half percent, bonds, or surrender
your circulation.
Nov/, again, ithasbeen suggested that these
bankers aie. reaping enormous profits. The
changes have been lung from the Democratic
side nl'(lie House on tneso institutions, that
t'tev an; realising extraordinary gains, that
they me li'ing upon the fit of the land, and
that tiny are reveling, as I said awhile ago,
upon the industry of the hard-working masses
of the country. They go on to say that the
large amount of the contingent fund, that the
large amount of dividends they are making,
arises from the operation of this national
banking law. J want to call your attention to
t'ne tact that, the banks of the United States,
since the national banking law was passed
down to the presenttiine, have not made more
niotity than they made duting the time that
they were under Stale charters. I know it is
true they have been making a larger amount
of money in paper; I know it is true that
liiey announced^ larger dividends in figures ;
but I know that it is not true that the purchas-
ing power nf the dividends lias been equal to
the dividends which were made under the old
Siate banking system.
It has been said on this floor on a former occa-
sion that the nation.il banking system, as given
to those banks, has enabled ttiem to swell their
contingent (mid by something like one hundred
million dollars. Let mo toll those gentlemen
tue faci, that tee increase of the contingent
fund of the banks of the United Slates, from
the time that the banking law first v/enL into
operation down to the present time, has been
made without the aid of the national banking
law and not because of it. It was made just as
any individual would have made it who held
tne same amount of money, of gold in his vault,
as the banks did at the time of tho suspension
of specie payments. It was made by the rise
of the price of gold, caused by the unfortunate
suite oi the country, the suspension of specie
payments, and tile doubt and uncertainty hang-
ing over our future.
A few figures will establish that fact. On
'hu lit of January, 1868, just before the first
national^ banking law went into operation, the
b.iuks of the country held $KH,000,00CHugold.
in April, 18G0, the banks of the country held
810,000,000 in gold ; that is, they had sold out
$91,000,000 of gold since 1803. And any in-
dividual in tho country, or any number of indi-
viduals, who had possessed $101,000,000 in
18G3, could have done the same thing without
any assistance from the banking laws. [Here
the hammerfelh] Let me ask the indulgence
of the House for ten or fifteen minutes longer.
It is very seldom that I ask that indulgence.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move that the time
of my colleague [Mr. Townsexd] be extended
for fifteen minutes.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted.
Mr. ItELLEY. I desire, without taking up
any of tho little time allowed my colleague,
[Mr. Townsend,] to inquire of the Chair
whether, with these extensions of time in the
case of individual members, the time for debate
will also be extended?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
does not so understand.
Mr. IvELLEY. Ka3 any certain hour been
fixed for closing debate?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Tho gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has notified
the House that he will call the previous ques-
tion at four o'clock.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I thank my colleague
and the House for the courtesy extended to
me on motion of my colleague, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] and I shall always feel happy to offer
the same to any other member similarly cir-
cumstanced.
I was going on to show the fact that the banks
of the country did not owe to the banking law the
increase in the amount of their contingent fund.
In 1803 the contingent fund of the banks was
353,000,000; in 18G9 it was 53133,000,000, or
a gain of £580,000,000. Prom June, 1SG4, to
March, 1SG5, the average premium on gold
was one hundred per cent.; and it was at one
time as high as one hundred and eighty-five per
cent. And from 18(53 to 18GU it wsi fully
within the power of the banks to avail them-
selves of this premium, aud sell their gold at
a profit, and that would give them all tho in-
crease in their contingent fund which they have
to-day. And they could do that, too, without
selling their gold at a higher premium than
eighty per cent., though in 18G4 at one time it
was at a premium of one hundred and eighty-
five per cent.
This gain, then, in their contingent fund did
not arise from privileges in the no\  banking
law, but from the rise in gold produced by the
situation of governmental affairs.
Wo are told that the dividends of the banks
have been enormous; that the banks have been
making money faster than have individuals
because of this privilege of banking. Now, sir,
that is not so. Tho dividends of the National
Bank of Chester county, before referred to,
which was always a prospeious bank, for the
years 1855 to 1850 inclusively, or five years
before the national banking law was passed,
when gold was plenty throughout the hind,
did not exceed from ten to eleven per cent,
per annum on an average. But from 1865 to
18G9 inclusive the same bank made fifteen per
cent, per annum in paper, which, reduced to
gold standard at that time, when the dividends
were made, would bo ten and four tenths per
cent. And so with the Philadelphia National
Banlc. Piom 1857 to 1801 it made on an aver-
age, in round numbers, about nine per cent in
gold.^ Prom 1865 to 1800 it made fifteen pet-
cent. in paper, or about ten aud four tenths per
cent, in gold.
It will be remembered that the value of
money is to be ascertained by its purchasing
power, and not by the figures that may repre-
sentcoupons, banknotes, or dividends. Every-
body will remember that during this time when
the banks were making so large dividends in
figures the price of everything had appreciated
more than one hundred per cent.. and the aver-
age price of many of the necessaries of life
was far higher than that, and the old men,
women, and children who lived upon those
dividends were pinched for the necessaries of
life, and were far worse off than when the divi-
dends were at much smaller figures, in gold,
before the rebellion. The banks, therefore,
did not make the enormous dividends with
which they are charged. They made no more
money than private individuals in the same
pecuniary circumstances could have made;
that is by the simple lending of their money,
for at the same time private individuals were
enabled to loan their own private capital at
rates equal if not superior to those obtained by
thebanksofthe country. Indeed, the million-
aires of to-day by their investments and spec-
ulations accumulated enormous fortunes, while
the stockholders of the banks were obliged to '
be content with the amount of dividends which
fixed rates of interest would allow them.
I come to another feature of this bill. What
inducements are there, under this hill for a
bank to take tho bonds which are offered at
four and a half per cent. ? A little calcula-
tion will show that no bank in the country can
carry on its operations under this bill except at
a loss. Suppose five gentlemen are in the enjoy-
ment of §100,000 invested in five-twenty bonds
of the United States. Under this bill they are
asked to go to the Treasury and exchange those
bonds for $100,000 of bonds bearing four and
a half per cent, interest. They get m interest
on those bonds $4,500, which, with gold at
114, amounts to $5,130. They got in circula-
tion $90,000, while the reserve, which they have
to keep back, is $13,500; and on this reserve
they receive no interest. Deducting their reserve
of $13,500 from the $90,000 loaves $70,500,
which at six per cent, yields $4,590. Prom
this you must deduct the tax under this bill
of one half of one per cent, on the circulation ;
and this tax amounts to $450.
Then you must deduct one half of one per
cent, on the capital for expenses of manage-
ment, &e., for banks cannot be managed for
nothing, and this amounts to $500. In our
State there is a tax of three mills on banking
capital, which wouid amount to $300 more,
making a deduction altogether of $1,250. Tak-
ing this from the amount of the gross receipts,
$0,729, wo have $8,470 as the amount of the
profit of these men. Now, if they are men of
ordinary sagacity, rather than use them as
banking capital they will prefer to turn their
bonds into cash, go into the market and put
that money out at interest anywhere in the
country at ten per cent. If they have not that
sharp kind of business capacity, they can still
get eight per cent, on demand at any time and
anywhere; and $114,000 at eight per cent,,
would yield an interest of $9,129, $050 more
than they could make by using their money in
banking under this law. Itwould be extremely
unwise for any man of ordinary sense to under-
take to make money under this banking bill
when with tho same amount of capital he could
make so much more in the pursuits of private
business.
There is another portion of tho bill to which
I wish to refer, the free-banking clausp, author-
izing the use of gold notes. During the sus-
pension of specie payments, which will extend
over an indefinite time, the end of which no man
can foretell; I assume it will continue, if the
present tariff continues, for a quarter of a cen-
tury—so long as the suspension of specie pay-
ments is maintained this bill will be of no avail
toward the accommodation of the country.
No institution or body of men will wish to bank
uudersuch provisions and issue gold notes upon
deposits of gold, because they can have no pos-
sible circulation. Any note payable in coin
would make but one turn. It would go either
to the custom-house or to the gold den and then
back for redemption. An irredeemable and a
redeemable currency never circulate together.
The latter yields to the former.
Besides, I am opposed to free banking. I
consider it radically wrong- I believe that
the greatest mistake the Government of this
country ever made was when it gave up the
power of controlling the currency of the coun-
try, which it ought to have assumed when the
Constitution was formed. At that time there
were only two or three banks in existence.
They were organized under State charters.
