5176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 4,
interference that is with theriglitsofthe States,
and not only that, to show that it is of more
than doubtful constitutionality. But take it as
it is, it amounts really, practically, to nothing
at all. This is the great measure of which we
have heard so much. Is it needed in the State
of Massachusetts? Is it needed in the State
of Ohio? Do we not have peaceful elections
in Ohio ? Do we not have peaceful elections
in Massachusetts? And so far as your fifteenth
amendment is concerned, have you not already
clothed the President of the U nited States with
power to use the military arm of the Govern-
ment to protect the polls, and fc> protect the
rights of citizens to vote, white as well as
black?
Where, then, is the use of this bill? Where
is the great materiality of this measure that
makes it outweigh the "great principle on
which the Republican party is founded?' I
will not undertake to say that it is not a suffi-
cient reason for the vote that the Senator from
Massachusetts has given against the principles
of the Republican party, that they are attached
to this bill; but I must say that if the princi-
ples of the Republican party are no more im-
portant than this little bill, they are about the
most worthless and valueless principles that
ever existed or over supported a party in the
. world.
But, sir, I did not rise to make a speech.
With the exception of the brief remarks of the
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] the
Democrats on this floor have not occupied five
minutes of your time to-day, and I do not see
fit to depart from that rule. If there were a
proper occasion I should like to debate this
Chinese question ; for with entire respect to
those who have discussed it, and discussed it
ably, it does seem to me that they are far, very
far, from getting to the root of the difficulty.
But it would require much time to discuss so
great a question; far more than there is here
to-night.
But, sir, again, we have now an amendment
offered which proposes to introduce a religious
test in our naturalization laws. It is true the
Constitution declares that Congress shall pro-
vide for no establishment of religion ; but now,
in violation,.if not of the letter, of the spirit of
that provision, the Senator from Wisconsin pro-
poses a religious test. I do not think it neces-
sary to argue against that proposition ; I have
no idea that that proposition will be adopted ;
but I really ask of the Senate, if it wore adopted,
how long it would be before it would be recon-
sidered? Why, sir, only last Saturday the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts was adopted by a vote of 27 to 22. On
the motion to reconsider that vote there were
27 for reconsidering to 14 against reconsider-
ation. What made this wonderful change—27
for the proposition last Saturday and only 14
for it to-day, almost one half of its supporters
fallen away from grace? Why, sir, the com-
parison of the votes shows this extraordinary
fact: there are ten Senators who voted for the
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts
last Saturday of whom two are absent to-night;
why absent I do not know ; two changed their
votes and voted to reconsider ; and six of them
sat in their seats here and did not vote at all.
If that is a record creditable to the Amer-
ican Senate, so be it; but when you talk about
great principles hereafter, when you talk of
founding your party upon the Declaration of
Independence, when you talk of a broad and
enlightened humanity that suits and is sufficient
for your protection against all the attacks of
your enemies, let it be remembered that here
were ten Senators who could have kept this prin-
ciple in this bill, who thought it the principle of
the party only last Saturday, but are found to-
day, two of them absent, two of them chang-
ing their votes, and six of them sitting in their
seats as dumb as the sheep before the shearer.
Mr. POMEROY. I only wish to say in a
single- word that the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Oregon has been withdrawn, and
that required that a man should not be natu-
ralized if he lived in a particular place; but
now we have it from the Senator from Wiscon-
sin that unless he renounces^ his belief in
something he cannot be naturalized.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Could he take a Chris-
tian oath as long as he was a pagan?
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, belief is
the yielding of a man's judgment to his con-
victions in view of evidence, and a man can
no more renounce his belief than he can re-
nounce his color, unless it is the result of
conviction from evidence.
Mr. HOWE. Suppose it is.
Mr. POMEROY. Now, for the sake of
being naturalized, you would have a man com-
mit perjury.
Mr. HOWE. No; I would not.
Mr. POMEROY. You would have a man
lie.
Mr. HOWE. No ; I would not.
Mr. POMEROY. You would have a man
deny his religion.
Mr. HOWE. No ; I would not.
Mr. POMEROY. You would have a man
turn his back on his education, his kindred,
his country, everything. I consider, myself,
that when we get down to this platform, m the
first place he must be born somewhere in a
particular place to be an American citizen,
and then in the second place must believe
something, it is time we quit amending this
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, xhe ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin to the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts; upon which the yeas-and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On this ques-
tion I am paired with the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Casserly.] I omitted to remem-
ber it before ; and I ought to ask to withdraw
my name from the vote on the motion to recon-
sider.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
cannot entertain that request. It makes no
difference in the result.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS — Mossrs. Ponton. Fowler, Harris, Howe,
McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Rice.
Robertson, Boss, Spencer, Sprague, Sumner, and
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard. Borcman, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Cragm, Davis, Drake, Edmunds, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan, Mc-
Creory, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Ramsey, Saulsbury,
Scott, Stewart, Stockton,Thayer, Thunnan, Tipton,
Viekers, Warner, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Amos, Anthony,IJrown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly,
Cattell, Cole, Perry, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas,
Howard, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg, Lev/is, Morrill
of Maine, Norton, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Kevels,
Sawyer, Sehurz, Sherman, and Yates—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WARNER. The Senate .on Saturday
night, by a unanimous agreement, came to the
understanding to take up the tax bill to-mor-
row ; hence this naturalization bill, if passed,
must pass to-night. I think the Senate, with
a wise regard for practical results, have wisely
voted down the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] ^ With that wise
regard for practical results which Mr. Lincoln
himself manifested when he delayed his proc-
lamalionof emancipation until a ripened public
opinion would sustain it, and which General
Thomas displayed at Nashville when he waited
to strike until his blows would annihilate an
army opposed to his country, the Senate have
decided to save the practical good within their
reach rather than endanger all.
Now, I presume there is but little objection
to extending the naturalization laws to the alien
I offer an amend-
Africans within this country.
ment to that effect:
And be it further enacted, That the naturalization
laws are hereby extended to aliens of African nativ-
ity and to persons of Afriean descent.
Mr. MORTON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 21, nays 20 ; as follows:
yeas—Messrs. Chandler, Drake, Gilbert, Harris,
Kellogg, McDonald, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Rice,
Bobertson, Boss. Scott. Spencer, Sprague Sumner,
Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, and Willey—21.
nays—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Conklmg. Cor-
bett Cragin. Davis, Edmunds, Hamilton of Mary-
land', Hamlin, Howe, McCreory, .Nye, Ramsey,
Saulsbury, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, Victors,
Williams, and Wilson—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames.Anthony. Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly,
Cattell, Cole, I'enton, Jerry, Flanagan, Fowler,
Hamilton of Texas. Harlan. Howard, Howell, John-
ston, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Norton, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Bevels, Sawyer,
Sehurz, Sherman, and Yates—31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole. They will be
taken together unless some Senator shall desire
some of the amendments excepted.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to except the last
amendment.
The .PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
amendment will be excepted. The question is
on 
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to have the amend-
ments reported in their order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The first amendment is
to insert as an additional section:
And be itfm-ther enacted, That in any city having 
Mr. BAYARD. I understand what those
sections are. 1 thought there were other amend-
ments. I withdraw the call for the reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment adding
two sections to the House bill, relative to dep-
uty marshals and officers to be present at elec-
tions in certain cities.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to say a word on
those two sections before the question is taken.
I am not desirous to delay the Senate at all
from this vote.
The original proposition to which these two
sections were first appended was something so
insulung to the foreign population of this coun-
try wiio have been naturalized, something so
manifestly in obstruction and prevention of
naturalization, that the Senate have fortu-
nately disposed of. it by a decisive vote. But
here the House bill, which is truly a measure
relating to the naturalization of citizens, pro-
fessedly and really relating to the subject of nat-
uralization, has now tacked to it two sections
of this former defeated measure which have
nothing under God's heaven to do with the sub-
ject of naturalization. That would be perhaps
a very innocent thing as compared with some
others that may have passed through Congress
if it were not that there is no constitutional
authority, in my opinion, for Congress to pass
any such measures relating to the elections in
the various States. I ask any gentleman here
to put his finger on a line or a word of the
Federal Constitution which gives any such
power as you seek here to exercise. You />.re
here attempting to regulate the exercise of the
elective franchise when you cannot give the
power of exercising the elective franchise at
all; and if you cannot give it you have no right
to control it in any way whatever. It. is a gross
usurpation of a power in no way delegated to
you. I believe that no gentleman within the
sound of my voice can give any constitutional
warrant for such an attempt. Where does a
voter get his power to exercise the elective
franchise? Who gives it to him? Is it given
to him by tho statutes of the United States?
