1400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
here. Ik seems lo me the American people
cannot afford to engage in such an attempt
without at least a reasonable cbance of making
it creditable to the nation. Have we not a
warning precedent before us ? We have once
cast a shadow upon the American name by an
experiment of this kind. You remember, not
without shame, the New York affair of years
ago. Can we afford to repeat the experiment
under circumstances perhaps still less favor-
able? Even if we desire to gratify somo very
honorable and estimable gentlemen in this city,
can we as American legislators afford to do so
ut such a risk of sacrificing the national honor ?
1 certainly do not bear any ill-will to the
people of the city of Washington. On the con-
tra^, I am their friend, and because I am their
true friend I want to keep them out of this
trouble.
The trades-people of this city may indulge
in the illusion thatthey will realize great profits
from the strangers who conic here to attend
this international exhibition. Why, sir, it is
the experience of the trades-people of Paris
that during the international exhibition there
they sold far less than they did before its com-
mencement and after its close, and for a very
simple reason. People instead of going to the
stores to buy what they desired went to the
international exhibition, anil then had the
gratifying feeling that they had taken the orna-
ments they intended to put upon their persons
or into their houses from the great industrial
palace which was the admiration of the world.
Therefore, instead of offering a chance of gain
to the trades-people of Washington, the exhi-
bition would simply be to their disadvantage.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] has
already called our attention to the fact that the
exhibition would ran up rents, to the great
embarrassment of people in moderate circum-
stances, and thus produce great distress. I do
not know what Senator it was who replied that
it would not run np rents because bnt few people
would come here. Well, if that i3 so, if but
few people come here, where is then the success
of yonr international exhibition, for there are
certainly not people enough resident here to
make it a success ? Of course, the mere antici- •
pation of a numerous congregation of visitors
will ran up rents, and under this increase of
rents all those will keenly suffer who live upon
a small salary, eking oat a very scanty exist-
ence now.
There are two classes of people whom pos-
sibly the international exhibition will benefit.
These are the proprietors of hotels and the
boarding-house keepers. But now I ask you, as
American Senators, whether yon are ready to
sacrifice, or even jeopardize the honor of the
nation for the purpose of gratifying the board-
ing-honse keepers and hotel proprietors of the
city of Washington, who, perhaps, of all the
people here have the least claim on the national
gratitude ?
I said that I was advocating the indefinite
postponement of the bill because I am a real
friend of the people of Washington. I want to
keep them out of a grievous loss. I do not
hesitate to predict that every dollar invested in
such an enterprise here will be a dollar sunk.
Certainly they have not millions to spare for
nothing, and if we have an opportunity to pre-
vent them from throwing money to the winds,
it is an act of trne friendship to improve it.
I congratulate the people of Washington upon
the spiritof enterprise of which they have given
evidence on this occasion, but it appears to me
they can employ it for a much better purpose.
It was, I believe, the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
.Nre] who alluded to the great water-power in
the neighborhood of this city. Certainly, there !
it is. Let those who now attempt to undertake J
this exhibition contribute their two millions to
improve that water-power, and they will surely '
make a much better investment than by indalg- ■
ing in what the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] calls "the show." Let them improve, j;
Jet them develop all the great facilities they •
have, let them build the industries of the
place, let them engage in enlarging their com-
munications, let them employ their money for
sensible and permanent purposes, and in the
end they will have benefited themselves aud
their city far more than if, eveu against all
reasonable expectation, they really succeeded
in carrying this windy scheme through.
Exhibitions are certaiuly very good things
in their way; but we have every reason to be
careful. I am doubtful whether the preseut
moment would be propitious for an interna-
tional exhibition at any place in the United
States. Let us watch for a favorable combina-
tion of circumstances. Let us Bee when and
how we can have the whole people of the Uni-
ted States to contribute their energies toward
making such an enterprise a success; but let
us not, like childreu, play nt world's fair. It
is a serious business. I appeal to the Senate
to refrain from involving the good name of the
American people in an enterprise which is &n
imprudence in its very conception, and which,
if attempted, will become a national shame in
its results.
Several Seuators addressed the Chair, and
Mr. Thubman* was recognized.
Mr. CAMERON. I gave notice yesterday
that I should at this hour to-day move that the
Senate go into executive session. I now make
that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams in the chair.) The Chair recognized
the Senator from Ohio. Does the Senator from
Ohio yield to the Senator from Pennsylvania?
Mr. THURMAN. I did not hear what the
Senator from Pennsylvania said.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. He desired
to make a motion for an executive session.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make one obser-
vation. I had intended to make sone remarks
in reply to what fell from my colleague; but I
will not mar the effect of the admirable speech
delivered by the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Schukz] by adding a word to it. I hope the
question will now be taken.
Mr. CAMERON. Now, before I make the
motion that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business 
Mr. THURMAN and others. Let us vote ,
on this bill.
Mr. CAMERON. If you can take the vote I
will agree to that, but 1 give way only for that
purpose.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator will
allow the question to be taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania yields for the purpose of
taking a vote without further discussion.
Mr. YATES. I desire to say a few words
on this question.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I do not give way.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to an
executive session, bnt I do object to the state-
ments which have been madegoingunaaswered.
I did not intend to say anything on this question,
bat I do now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. HAMLIN. That question is debatable,
I believe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
debatable. The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Pennsylvania, that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were 22, noes 17.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask for the yeas and navs.
If we do not dispose of this bill now all this
debate will have to be gone over again. Is it
not wise to dispose of it now?
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly. Cole. Davis, Pen-
ton, Ferry,Gilbert, Hamilton, Howe, Johnston, Me-
Creery, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt, Ramsey, SauU-
bury, Scott, Sprague, Stownrt, Stockton, Tipton
VieKPrs, Warner, Williams, Wilson, und Yates—29.'
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Conkling, Fowler. Ham-
lin, Harris,Howell, Kollogfr, McDonald.Nye.Osborn,
1 l'uttcvson, Poineroy, I'ool. ltico, lloberL.«on, ltos.-,
Sawyer, Schurx, Sherman, Spencer, Sunnier,Thayer,'
Thurmnn. Trumbull, and Willey—i">.
AHSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cnrponter, Cat.tell,
Chandler. Oorbott.Cragin, Drake, Kdmunds, llarlan,
Howard, Lewis, Morrill of Maino, Morton, and Nor-
ton—It.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. Before the doors are
closed I desire to make a motion that when
the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet
on Monday.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope not. There is u
special order for to-morrow.
Mr. CAMERON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SPENCEll. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. POMEROY. There has been a special
order made for to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Alabama n-i not in order if
j any Senator objects to it at this time.
! Mr. WILLIAMS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate lias
voted to proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business, and the Sergeant-at-Arms will
clear the galleries and close the doors.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
After two hours spent in executive session,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fuiday, February 18, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. G. L. Shearer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
OFFIOKRS OK CCTTfcR HARRIET LANE.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. IGoj
i for the relief of Captain John Faunce and
I other officers of the revenue-cutter Harriet
! Lane; which was read a first and second
! time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
| Affairs.
INTERNATIONAL TELEGRAPHS.
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1263) relating to tel-
egraphic communication between the United
8tat08 and foreign countries; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
DAWES addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] has notified the Chair
that he desires to present a privileged report.
Mr. DAWES. I rise for the purpose of
moving to Buspend the rules, to go into the
Committee of the Whole upon the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have to rec-
ognize the gentleman for that purpose, because
it will give the House an opportunity to determ-
ine what business it will take up.
Mr. DAWES. I .am willing my colleague
[Mr. Butler] shall, before the question is
taken on my motion, state his proposition, that
the House may decide between us.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
directed by the Committee on Reconstruction
to report a general bill for the removal of dis-
abilities. There are now some three or four
thousand names awaiting report. Two bills
have passed the Senate, and some are pre-
pared in this House. I desire that tho House
shall indicate what course it will pursue, whether
it is disposed to pass a general bill or not.
I am instructed by the committee, with a good
degree of unanimity, to report this bill. I
think it is quito as essential as any other
