2344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,"
ho then resided, that ho should leave Groton before
tho 1st of May and remove with his family to Tyngs-
borougb, to resido at his brother's, and make his
house a home until he should go to Illinois. But
tho judgo ruled that evidence inadmissible, and
rejected it."
The case was carried before the full bench,
when the mling of the judge below was set
aside, and the court observed as follows:
"The court held that this, being tho mere declar-
ation of the defendant, was not competent evidonce
in his favor, and it was rojeetcd. Tho general rulo
undoubtedly is that a party cannot givo in evidenco
his own declarations in his favor, unless they accom-
pany somo act, and are a part of the res oestce. But
it appears to us that tho declarations offered to bo
proved arc within the qualification of therulo. They
were mado in tho ordinary courso of business, and in
relation to tho defendant's removal, and they wero
in:ido to the owner of the houso in which ho was at tho
time residing. This giving notice of his intended
removal is to bo considered an aot which ho might
piovo in any cose in which it became matorial; and
if so. all that ho said explanatory of his intention in
rolation to his removal seems to us t  be admissible
in evidence."
Now, on the authority of this case it seems
to mo that tho declaration of General Amos,
accompanied by the acceptance of candidacy
as a Senator, is clearly an act. But I do not
argue that tho Senate is now bound by any
technical rulo of this kind. It is enough if
tho Senate is satisfied with regard to his in-
tent on the evidence adduced. No rule of
limitation or exclusion can prevail. If the
Senate believes that he had at the time tho
animus manendi, it must aot accordingly.
Is the Senate, on the evidence before it—
without the application of any technical rule
of evidenco, without recognizing his declara-
tion as part of the res gcslai—is the Senate
satisfied that at the time named he intended to
reside in Mississippi? This is tho whole case.
On this question of fact each Senator will judge
for himselt on the evidence before him. This
evidence X will read in the report of the com-
mittee, being the language of General Ames
before the committee, and taken down by them
us follows:
"A number of persons in Mississippi visited this
oity to find arguments by which I might be inilu-
cnood to become a candidate. X hesitated because it
would n cccssitato tho abandonment of my whole mil-
it.uy life. Finally, for personal and public reasons,
1 decided to beeouio a candidate amllcavc tho Army.
.My intentions wero publicly declared and sincere."
On which the committee remark:
"Tho intentions thus decliirod were not only to
become a candidate lor tho Senate, bat to remain
and reside in Mississippi."
Sir, what more can you ask ? On (he report
of your own committee ymt have explicit,'evi-
denco of tho intent of General Ames to re-
side in Mississippi; and where intentis enough,
you need add nothing to it. There is no
necessity for any act beyond this declara-
tion which, as 1 have already said, is in itself
an act, as the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Howard] says, taken in connection with his
personal presence on the spot; and I would add,
taken in connection with all the necessary
implications from his position and from his
acceptance of the candidacy. This is not a
case in a justice's court, or even in a county
court. Tilts is the Senate of the United States,
and we are considering the evidence with re-
gard to the declarations of a gentleman already
chosen by a State of this Union to take his
seat among us. We cannot apply to these
declarations any technical rule which possibly
might be applied in an inferior tribunal. We
are to look at the ease in its essence, and if
satisfied of the intent we cannot go farther.
The Senate does not sit in chains. It may act
according to its conscience on the evidence,
without any constraint, except from the rulo
of law requiring intent.
Much stress lias been laid upon the fact
that, Genera! Ames held a commission in the
Army of the United States, and was actually
the military commander and provisional gov-
ernor ot Mississippi. What then? Does this
affect his position now? Is a soldier or officer
in tlie Army, is the commander of an army
shut out from the same privileges that belong
to you, sir, and to me ? Each of us may change
his domicile as he pleases, and to-morrow or
next week transfer his home to another State
of the Union, and nobody can say no. Has
tho soldier or tho officer fewer rights than you
and I have 1 I think not; and I am sure that
both reason and authority sustain my conclu-
sion. I have in my hands a volume of the
California Reports, the twenty-eighth volume.
I call attention to the ease of The People vs.
William Holden, and I will not trouble you
with anything more than one clause from the
marginal note, as follows:
"lienidcnecioltilein the servictof the United States.—
Tho clauso in tho constitution of this State, which
declares that ' no person shall bo deemed to have
gained or lost a residonceby reason of his presenco or
nbsenee while employed in the service of tho United
States,' does slot, prevent a person who removes to
a eounty while m the service of tho United States,
from acquiring a residence in that county while in
the said sorvice, if it is his intontion so to do."
"If it is his intention so to do." These
words are strictly applicable to the case of Gen-
eral Ames. There was nothing in his service
in Mississippi, nothing in his high military
command to prevent him from establishing an
inhabitancy in that State if it was his intention
so to do. Thus at every point are we brought
back to the single rule of law and the evidence
under it, the rule being that there must be an
intent to remain, and the evidence being open
to the judgment of the tribunal before which
the question is raised. Especially must this
he the east! with the Senate, which will look
through all technicalities, all cobwebs to find
the truth. Nor can the Senate be so unjust to
any class of citizens as to say that a military
commander may not acquire inhabitancy in a
State where he is (ixed by military duties, pro-
vided lie so intends. All the adverse presump-
tions from military residency will be overcome
at once by the animus manendi, so soon as this
is proved.
bo you remember, sir, a pointed remark
made by La Fayette in the French Chamber
shortly after Louis Philippe was crowned king
of France ? Astonishment was expressed that
the great defender of liberty should espouse
tho cause of a Bourbon and help hitn to the
throne. La Fayette, with remarkable con-
densation of phrase, replied that he was in
favor of Louis Philippe not because, but not-
withstanding lie was a Bourbon, " not because,
bu t notwithstanding," and in t his famous saying
of the great Kieuch-American you have terms
strictly applicable to this case. General Ames,
soldier, otlicer, military commander in Missis-
sippi, became an inhabitant thereof not because
but not! .ithstanding he was soldier, officer,
and mi'.tary commander.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire simply to make
one remark upon the case cited by tho Senator
from Massachusetts from 3 Metcalf's Reports,
which I could have done in two words by an
interruption which the Senator declined to
allow. I do not propose to discuss the ques-
tion at all, but simply to refer to this case.
The Senator produced this report for the pur-
pose of showing that the declaration of Gen-
eral Ames is evidence of his intention to be-
come, and therefore conclusive evidence of the
fact that he did become an inhabitant of the
Htateol Mississippi. Let us see what this case
was. Upon page 200 this paragraph occurs:
" I'or tho purpose of showing with what intent the
defendant went to T'yngsborough on the i!7th of
April"—
Then, certainly he went to Tyngsborough—
" ho offered to prove that about three weeks be-
fore that day ho told S. Shattuck, in whose house
he then resided, that he should leave Groton before
tho 1st of il 1.7 and remove with his family to
Tyngsborougn to reside at his brother's, and make
his houso a homo until he should go to Illinois. But
tho judge ruled that the evidence was inadmissible
and rejected it.
The court held that this being the mere declara-
tion of the defendant was not competent evidence
in his favor, and it was rejected. Tho general rulo
undoubtedly is that a parly cannot give in evidence
his own declarations in tiis favor unless they accom-
pany some act, and arc a part of tho rrs o"slce. But
it appears to u; that the declarations offered to be
proved are within tho qualification of tho rule. They
wero mado in tho ordinary courso of business, and
in relation to tho defendant's removal, and they
wore mado to theowner of tho house in which hewai
at the tirno residing."
Now I ask the Senator from Massachusetts
what act of General Ames is to have an explan-
ation in the declaration made by .General
Ames ? Had General SWraes resigned his eom-
mission in the Army before his election, and
the question was for what purpose did he make
that resignation, then bia declaration explan-
atory of the act would have been a part of the
res gestcc and proper evidence to be beard
upon that subject. But because the declara-
tion of the party accompanying an act may be
given in evidence to show the purpose with
which the act was performed the Senator from
Massachusetts reasons that it is proper evi-
dence when there is no act to bo explained !
Sir, General Ames submitted to no uncer-
tainty in this matter. He did not resign his
commission in the Army, although we are told
by his friends that there was no doubt about his
election. He seems not so to have considered
it. He sat in the saddle, he held the sword in
his hand until after he was elected, and he
signed his own credentials as a brevet major
general of the Army of the United States.
No act performed by him before bis election
needs explanation, because he performed none.
Mr. SUMNER. Did he not accept the nom-
ination ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Not that I am
aware of.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, yes; 1 mentioned that.
Air. CARPENTER. I do not know that he
accepted tho nomination.
Mr. SUMNER. Five -days before he was
chosen lie accepted his nomination. What
sort of an act was that?
Mr. CARPENTER. I think I could im-
agine a great deal more important acts than
that of accepting a nomination, if he did accept
it; and there is no evidence that he did. I say
there is no act performed by General Ames here
tending in any way to bear upon this question,
lie never went into the State, even when he
was free to say that ho would go or not as he
pleased into the State. Ho no more went to
the State of Mississippi than he would if he
had been boxed iu a ten-foot machine and
sent there by express.
Air. SIIERAIAN. I should like to ask my
honorable friend a question. Alatiy Govern-
ors of States, while Governors, are elected Sen-
ators to this body. There are cases of that
kind. Is there objection to their signing a
mere certificate of the fact of their election?
Mr. CARPENTER. I never heard of any.
I do not make any objection to this. I merely
cite this fact to show that he had not resigned
his place in the Army until after he was elected,
because he signed his own commission as major
general.
Mr. SHERMAN. Suppose it is so?
Mr. CARPENTER. It proves all I claim,
that he had not resigned.
Air. SHERAIAN. Suppose General Ames
was still maj'or general of the Army of the
United States, would it prevent him being an
inhabitant of the State of Mississippi ? It is
not a question whether he is general, but
whether lie is an inhabitant of Mississippi.
Air. CARPENTER. To answer that ques-
tion calls mo back where I did not intend to
go, to the former discussion. When you are
inquiring whether this man had a residence in
Mississippi, (which everybody concedes now is
essential to his being an inhabitant there,) it
then becomes material whether he ever went
there when ho could have elected not to go.
Why was be there at all? He went there in
ooedience to orders. He went there because
he was commanded to go. He went there be-
cause not to have gone there would have been
a military oiFense for which he might be tried
and punished as for a violation of the law of
the land. His being there is a fact of no sig-
nificance whatever in settling this question.
His being there is a thing for which he is not
