1869.
THE COTOKESSIOFAL GLOBE.
89
it. The annulment of its operation in any
degree in any case is equivalent to its repeal
pro tanto, and requires the same power as to
repeal it altogether. The repealing power
resides in and belongs exclusively to the en-
acting power. No other can effect a repeal.
Nor can any other unmake a statute by author-
itatively declaring it invalid, for that is but
another mode of repeal. Any attempt, there-
fore, by a judicial tribunal to unmake a law, to
deprive it of vital force and reduce it to a dead
letter, is not a judicial but a legislative act,
done under forms and through processes
unknown to the Constitution, and performed
by a body created for no purpose of legislation
whatever.
The recognition which this judicial claim has
received rests wholly upon interpretation of its
own power by the judiciary, coupled with the
unobjecting silence of the legislative depart-
ment. The leading case in its favor is Marbury
vs. Madison, 1 Cranch, 137, decidedin 1803 by
the Supreme Court of the United States. I
propose to examine this case as the authorita-
tive exposition of the grounds upon which the
dogma rests whose legitimacy I venture against
such high authority to contest. AH construc-
tions of powers in favor of the party making
them are, however, always open to question
by those adversely affected thereby, and no
length of prescription bars or impairs that right.
Hence I i'eel no hesitancy in inquiring into the
soundness of the decision in that case. If it
will not bear scrutiny outside of its own forum
it should no longer be received as authority.
It would be remarkable that Congress should
have passed sub silentio this first attempt by
the judiciary to disregard its laws, did wo not
see in the character of the case an explanation
of their silence. The whole matter was an
application by Marbury to compel Mr. Madison,
Secretary of State, to deliver to him a com-
mission as justice of the peaco for the county
of Washington, in the District of Columbia;
a matter which possessed no public interest
and would excite no public attention. The
court held that the act of Congress author-
izing it to issue a mandamus to a public officer
conferred original jurisdiction, which, under
the Constitution, Congress had no power to
confer. As the subject-matter of the contro-
versy possessed no public importance, it is not
strange that this first step of the court in this
direction failed to excite the attention of Con-
gress. Now, however, when from various
quarters the exercise of some of the greatest
powers of the Government is challenged before
that Court; when the public mind is rabidly
and designedly being taught to appeal from
Congress to the judiciary ; when any man with
money enough to pay lawyers can arraign the
sovereignty of the- United States to answer
before its own officers for the constitutionality
of its legislative acts; when every law that
falls only brings others to the block ; all to
resultin theeventual establishment, by praotiee
on the one side and acquiescence on tho other,
of a power which has no express warrant in
the Constitution, it is time to sift this leading
case and see whether it be indeed as conclusivo
as it is claimed to be.
As the report of the ease is accessible to all_,
I will present only so much of the opinion ot
the court as is necessary to show tho grounds
of theirdecision. Its fundamental propositions
are contained in these sentences:
"It is emphatically the province and duty of the
judicial department to say what tho law is. Lhose
r;ho apply the rule to particular cases must or ne-
cessity expound and interpret the rule. II two laws
conflict with each other the courts must decide on
the operation of each.
"So if a law bo in oposition to tho Constitution ;
if both the law and the Constitution apply to a par-
ticular case, so that tho court must either deeido
that case conformably to the law, disregarding the
Constitution, or conformably to tho Constitution,
disregarding: the law, the court must determine whic h
of these conflicting rules governs the case, lhis is
of the very essence of judicial duty.
"If, then, the courts are to regard the Constitution,
and tho Constitution is superior to any ordinary act
of the Legislature, the Consfcitutfim, and not such
ordinary act, must govern the case to which they
both apply."
The court then go into an argument, hardly
necessary, to prove that the Constitution is
superior to a legislative act, and must be looked
into and obeyed and enforced by the courts,
on which point they present the following illus-
trations :
"It is declared that'no tax or duty shall be laid
on artioles exported from any State.' Suppose a
duty on export of cotton, of tobacco, or of flourr and
a suit instituted to recover it, ought judgment to bo
rendered in such a case; ought the judges to close
their eyes on the Constitution and only see the law ?
"The Constitution declares 'that no bill of attain-
der or expo/it facto lawshall be passed.' If, however,
such a bill should be passed and a person should be
prosceuted undor it, must tho court condemn to death
those victims whom the Constitution endeavors to
preserve ?
" 'Noperson,' saysthe Constitution, shall bo con-
vioted ol treason unless on the testimony of two wit-
nesses to tho same ovort act, or on confession in open
court.' IIore tho language of the Constitution is ad-
dressed especially to thocourts. It prescribes directly
for them a rule of evidence not to be departed from.
If tho Legislature should ohange that rule anddeclare
ono witness or a confession out of court sufficient for
conviction, must tho constitutional principle yield to
the legislative act?
"Prom tlioso and many other selections which
might bo mado it is apparent that the framers nf tho
Constitution contemplated that instrument us a rulo
for the government of courts as well as of the Legisla-
ture,1'
I give attention first to the closing illustra-
tions of the court in supposed cases of palpa-
ble and self-evident violation of the Constitu-
tion, because this is always tho first gun opened
by the supporters of this claim of the judici-
ary, as if it closed at oneo all discussion and
silenced all opposition. I hold it to bo in
fact the weakest and most inconclusive of
their arguments.
Cases are supposed of Congress passing
acts in direct and self-evident repugnaucy to
tho Constitution, and the question is asked
whether the courts would be bound to enforce
such acts? The negative answer follows of
course, and this is supposed to settle the mat-
ter in favor of tho right of the courtto declare
an act of Congress void in any ease where by
any course of reasoning considered by the
judges legitimate they might, to their own
satisfaction, deduco a i;opugnancy between the
act and tho Constitution. That this is no ex-
aggerated or unfair statement of the position
of the.Supreme Court may he seen from their
own words on this point. Tn McCulloch u.s\
Maryland, 4 Wheaton, 015, -120, the court
said :
"Should Congress in the execution of its powers
ailypt measures which are prohibited by the Consti-
tution, or should ('impress, under tlie pretext of
executing its powers, pm,s laws for the accomplish-
ment. of objects not intrusted to the Government., it,
would become tho painful duty of this tribunal,
should h case requiring such a decision eome before
it, to say that such im act was not the law of tiie
land."
Again, in United States vs. Coombs, 12
Peters, 1'2, 76, they say :
"Tf upon n just interpretation of the terms of an
act Congress have exceeded their constitutional
authority, it would become our duty to say so."
Here is tho distinct assertion of the right of
tho Supreme Court, not in cases of palpable
and self-evident violation of the Constitution
only, but in any case, to determine by a "just
interpretation of the terms of an act," whether
Congress has adopted measures prohibited by
tho Constitution, or transcended the powers
of tho Government, or in any way exceeded
its constitutional authority; in any of which
eases the court asserts its "duty to say that
such an act was -not the law of the land.''
And any of these things the court assumes in
itself the right to find, uot upon the piain and
palpable fact of visible and inevitable repug-
nancy, but " upon a just interpretation ;" and
the court is itself to say whether the interpre-
tation is just. No higher power could .be
claimed, it asserts superiority and supremacy
in that court over the national Legislature.
But. I forbear remark upon it at this moment,
lest tho object of these references should be
lost sight of. I introduced them to show that
from the cases hy pothetically stated in Marbury
vs. Madison, of plain, palpable, and self-evident
violation of the Constitution, the court drew
its right to hold an act of Congress void in any
case where it might argumentatively deduce a
violation. This is what I undertake to meet,
and to it there seem to me to be several suf-
ficient answers.
1. Once concede that the constitutionality
of an act of Congress is to be determined by
the ratiocinative powers of judges of courts and
you have a standard which, -without disrespect,
might be said to be somewhat uncertain. Un-
fortunately the judicial mind has not uniformly
been found the wisest, the most logical, the
best balanced, or the most stable. Their judg-
ments do not always "stand the test of human
scrutiny, of talents, and of time." The judges
are not therefore necessarily and confessedly
so superior in mental capacity and sound judg-
ment to Senators and Representatives as that
the latter are under obligation to yield to them
the prerogative of final adjudication on so grave
a subject. It is no answer to this to say that
the judgment of Congress maybe as uncertain
a standard as that of the courts, for between
two equally uncertain judgments that first ren-
dered by a body entitled to render it takes
precedence. To reverse it there must be a
better or a higher judgment.
2. Every argument based upon a supposition
apparently impossible, or which we are in duty
bound to hold impossible, is fallacious anil
delusive, is in fact no argument, and this is of
that description. No power can be drawn to
one department of tho Government from a sup-
posed case of possible self-evident violation
of tho Constitution by another department, for
such a violation is not to be supposed ; and
least of all of that department, whose powers
are wielded not by one man or by a majority of
eight or nine men deliberating in private, but
by some three hundred deliberating in public,
and divided into opposing parties, each watch-
ful of the other, and all, equally with tho judge*
of the courts, under obligation to support the
Constitution. We could as well base a claim
to judicial power in Congress upon a supposed
possibility of tho courts violating the Consti-
tution in some extreme case we might imagine,
as the courts can derive the legislative power
of unmaking a law of the United States from
a supposed possible violation of the Constitu-
tion by Congress, in the enactment of some
other law which no ono ever thought of its
attempting to enact. Forinstance, wereabill
introduced here taking from the Supreme
Court, in which it is vested by the Constitution,
jurisdiction in cases affecting foreign ministers,
and were its passage urged upon the supposed
possibility of that court's issuing some time or
other, of its own mere motion, a warrant for
the beheading of some foreign minister, would
it not be scouted as an impossible supposition,
an insult to the Supreme Court, and an offense
to the Senate, without apology or palliation,
save in the probable insanity of the Senator
proposing it? Sir, between coordinate depart-
ments of tho Government there are some
things never to be supposed, but always to be
held impossible until they actually occur; some
things which it is an affront, if not a wrong, for
one department to suppose, even remotely, of
another, and upon the hypothetical statement
of which no argument or action can ever be
properly based ; and fore most among them is the
perpetration of a palpable and flagrant violai ion
of the terms of the Constitution. Each depart-
ment is bound to hold that with each other
department that is an impossibility, upon the
supposition of which no act or opinion should
over be founded. And most especially are
those intrusted with the administration of one
department bound to repudiate any claim of
conflicting power in another department, based
upon the supposition of their possible unfaith-
fulness to their constitutional obligations. The
very last argument, therefore, which should
have weight with Congress is that resting upon
