1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2845
responsible. The Government of the United
States is responsible for his being there. It
sent him there. It paid him for going there.
He could not have refused to go there. And
beyond the fact that he was there in obedience
to orders, I say there is no proof before the
Senate of a single fact, of a single act by him
performed, tending to show that he ever in-
tended to remain in the State of Mississippi
beyond the discharge of his duties as an officer.
.Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will pardon
me if I sav that I differ from him on his as-
sumption that there is no evidence of any aefc
or fact; and I should like to ask the Senator,
though I may infer what his judgment is from
what he has already said, for his precise judg-
ment on the point whether the declaration of
General Ames in this case is not sufficient.
Mr. CARPENTER. Sufficient for what?
Mr. SUMNER. Sufficient to justify the
Senate in determining the question of intent.
Mr. CONICLING. That is to constitute an
inhabitancy?
Mr. SUMNER. An inhabitancy. The ques-
tion I put is, whether on this occasion, in de-
termining the seat of General Ames, his dec-
laration that five days before he was chosen to
the Senate he had made up his mind to become
an inhabitantof Mississippi, in other words had
formed the intent to remain there, is not suffi-
cient in point of evidence?
Mr. CARPENTER. Pardon me; sufficient
for what?
Mr. SUMNER. To justify the conclusion
that he was at that time an inhabitant of Mis-
sissippi. I put the question to the Senator
purely that he may see the divergence between
himself and myself.
Mr. CARPENTER. Oh, I see that plainly.
Mr. SUMNER. And I see it. too. plainly.
Mr. CGNKLiNG. The roads fork unmis-
takably.
Mr. SUMNER. To my mind it is perfectly
clear that the Senate, considering the question
of intent, are absolute judges of the evidence,
not bound by any technical rale. The Sen-
ator from New York smiles and says, "The
Senate is a law unto itself." There is but one
rule of law in the case, and that is the require-
ment of intent.
Mr. CONKLTNG. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; I was only fortifying him; I was only
announcing logically his doctrine that the Sen-
ate is a law unto itself.
Mr. SUMNER. In this case it is. The
Senate is judge of Ine elections of its members,
and it may determine the degree of evidence,
it may determine what evidence will satisfy it
with regard to this required intent. So I see.
I cannot see it otherwise.
Mr. CARPENTER. Upon the theory that
the Senate is a law unto itself @n this subject
unquestionably the Senate may say it is satis-
fied with a declaration made by General Ames
to-day of what his intention was. Upon the
theory that the Senate is a law unto itself it
may be satisfied without that declaration.
It may be satisfied with evidence or without
evidence. Tt may do what it pleases. In that
sense I admit that the Senate may be entirely
satisfied with that declaration. So they may
with an editorial in a newspaper; so they may
with any other thing or with nothing.
Butassuming that the Senate are, while they
are in the capacity of judges, to aet like judges;
that they are to settle a legal principle with
some reference to legal rales; that the time-
lionored decisions of our judicial tribunals and
of the English courts for two centuries are to
be our guide in determining the nature, char-
acter, and admissibility of evidence, J answer
the Senator's question, no. The declaration
made by General Ames five days before his
election is no evidence in his favor anywhere
for any purpose, unless it accompany and ex-
plain some act performed by him, and thus
comes in under the head of a part of the res
gestce. The trouble is with the Senator's argu-
ment there is no res geslce here; there is noth-
ing here to be explained. General Ames did
nothing; General Ames did not resign so as
to raise the question.,with what purpose he
resigned. General Ames had not performed
an act that needed explanation or could be
explained until after he was elected, and ten
days after, when he sent in the resignation;
and the Constitution, unfortunately for the ar-
gument of the Senator and unfortunately for
the claim of General Ames, requires that all
these things should have been consummated
before even the election, because those things
which are to make him an inhabitant must exist
before he can be an inhabitant, and he must
be an inhabitant at the time of his election.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I will say a
word or two on the principle ofthe case. Every
Senator who has advocated the admission of
General Ames to a seat places it upon a prin-
ciple of law comprehending simply the intention
of General Ames. That is but one of the con-
stituents of that principle of law. It compre-
hends not only the animus, the intention, but
the factum and the deed of General Ames, and
1 will read the lav/ to that effect. Both are
necessary to change the residence of General
Ames. lie must have an intent to make that
change. That intention is to precede the fac-
tum-, and after the intention has been formed,
ike factum is to follow ; and the defeat of liis
case is here that there was no factum, no act
following the animus, or the intention, after it
had been formed. On this point the law is
very plain; I read from Judge Story's Conflict
of Laws:
"Adomicilo once acquired remains until a now one
is acquired. It is sometimes laid down that a person
may bo without any domicile, as if he quits a place
with an intent to lis in another place it has been
said that whi le he is in -framitu ho has no domicile.
Julian, in the Roman law, has so affirmed. <I>4 quia
donlictUo relicto namgst, vel iter faeiat, quazrens quo se
confaat. alqtte ubi convhtunt; hunc 'jiv.'o sine domi-
cilii■> esse. But the more correct principle wonldseem
to be that the original domicile is not gone until anew
one lias been actually acquired/acio at ammo."
It is conceded here, controverted by nobody,
that as Geneial Ames was born and raised i:i
the State of Maine he acquired a domicile in
that State. What is the precise principle of
law here laid down? That that domicile re-
mained until he acquired anew residence animo
cl facto, both by intention and by act.
But Senators here argue as though the only
constituent required by this principle of law to
obtain a change of residence was simply an
intent. "That is but a part and but half of what
is required by the law. I will read another
passage from the same book:
"Every person of full age, having a right to change
his domicile, it follows that if he removes to another
place, with an intention to make it his permanent
residence, animomanendi, itbecomes instantaneously
Ins place of domicile."
General Ames was a man of full age. Con-
cede that he had the right to change his res-
idence, he had a fixed residence before he went
bodily to the State of Mississippi, he had a
legal residence before he went to the State of
Mississippi. Where was that legal residence ?
It was in the State of Maine. Concede that
he was as free as any citizen of the United
States to change his residence from the State
of Maine, what was necessary? He must have
an intent, and that intent must be followed by
a fact evidencing change of residence. Here
it is:
"Every person of full age, having a right to change
liis domicile, it follows that if he removes to another
place with an intention to make it his permanent
residence, animo manendi, itbecomes instantaneously
his place of domicile."
Now, if General Ames, when he went to the
State of Mississippi, had gone there volun-
tarily, with the intent to change his residence
to that State, the act of going there and the
intention would have constituted a change of
residence. General Ames went to the State
of Mississippi, but when he went there he did
not go there voluntarily, he did not go there
as a free agent, hedid not go there with an inten-
tion to change his residence at all. He did
not go there with any purpose or any intention
connected with residence whatever; he went
there simply and singly as a component of the
Army of the United States, in obedience to
the orders of his superior.
What is the position assumed by all the Sen-
ators who have opposed his admission here ?
It is that his going to the State of Mississippi
under the circumstances under which he did
go there, without any purpose to change his
residence at all, was not an act performed by
him which can be connected with a subse-
quently formed intention to change his resi-
dence. Can anything be more plain than that?
Every man in this body concedes that if Gen-
eral Ames had had the intention before he
went to the State of Mississippi to change his
residence from Maine to that State, and after
he got there he had expressed his intention of
remaining there, or had expressed his inten-
tion before he went there that he did go there
with a view to change his residence, that would
have been such a union of the animus and of
the factum by him as would have changed his
residence. But being there without any such
intention, and having gone there not volun-
tarily, but in obedience to absolute military
orders, his going there amounts to no factum
at all in relation to a change of residence.
That is the point. The animus precedes the
factum. The intention to change his resi-
dence must go before the act that evidences
the fact of the change of residence. General
Ames's going to the State of Mississippi, under
the circumstances attending his advent there,
is no fact whatever to be taken in connection
with his change of residence.
After he had gone there involuntarily bythe
military orders of his superior, and while he
was bodily in that State, he formed the pur-
pose to change his residence and become a
citizen of that State. The defect of the case
is, that after he had thus formed his intention
to change his residence there was no factum ;
he did no act whatever evidencing his purpose
to change his residence. If he did, what is it?
Gentlemen in their desperation say that his
merely announcing himself as a candidate was
& factum. Not so, sir. That was simply words
expressing intent; but after the intent had
been formed there was no subsequent and no
concomitant action or fact at the time the in-
tention was formed demonstrative of his change
of residence.
The case, then, is to be considered as though
General Ames was not present in the State of
Mississippi at all. Why? Because his pres-
ence there was before he had formed his intent
to become a citizen. It was an animus which
be had formed before he contemplated a change
of his residence. After he had come to the
conclusion to change his residence, the objec-
tion to the case of General Ames is that there
was no act, not a single factum done and per-
formed by him that showed a purpose of carry-
ing out a change of residence and an execution
of these intentions.
The case, then, resolves itselfsimply into this,
and this is the whole of it: that the gentlemen
who contend that General Ames is entitled to
his seat here as a Senator are forced to base it
upon the single fact of an expressed intention
t.o become an inhabitant of Mississippi, because
the factum is to follow the expression of the
purpose, and there was no factum, no act of
his accompanying the expression of his inten-
tion, or subsequent to it, showing that his pur-
pose and his act was a change of residence
from Maine to that State.
I had never aBy doubt that General Ames
would be admitted by a vote of the majority of
the Senate. I know that some of the best
minds and some of the bestlawyers in the body
are opposed to his admission., and never could
be reconciled to it; but it is a party necessity.
I deny that it is not a party necessity. I hero
are other questions, party questions, that are
soon to be voted upon here, i he case of G eor-
gia ig yet to be acted upon by the Senate, i he
division of the Senate as expressed in its debates
