1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42S8
Fearful of infringing upon what were consid-
ered the rights of the State, the Government
surrendered that great attribute of sovereignty
which it was its duty to preserve and exercise—
the power of providing for its people a sound
circulating medium whereby to make exchanges
of property. This important power was handed
over to the States to be exercised by a set of
irresponsible men, the directors of the banks.
How the Stales exercised that, power, how
they chartered innumerable banking institu-
tions, under as many different theories and on
as many different principles as there were
States issuing charters; how " wild-cat" and
''red-dog'' circulation, how notes of all kinds
of devices and all qualities of engraving and
all shades of value were poured upon the peo-
ple to their annual loss of hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars, is fresh in the minds of all.
More mischievous, however, than even these
evils were the inflations and contractions they
were guilty of, to the great distress of all busi-
ness men.
This bill, whenever the suspension of specie
payments shall terminate, will authorize the
creation of an indefinite number of banks and
the extension of the circulation of the country
ad infinitum without any limitation by the Gov-
ernment except by the amount of national
bonds they can control. I maintain that the
Congress of the United States ought never to
surrender this great power ; it ought never to,
abdicate this great duty ; that it ought to main-
tain its grasp upon all the moneyed institu-
tions of the nation, and so control them as to
be able to say to them, with reference to the
amount, of circulation which they furnish, "Thus
far shall ye go and 110 further." And unless
it does this, if it should give away to irre-
sponsible institutions, not under the authority
of the Government, so far as this additional
currency is concerned, a power to issue currency
limited only by the amount of Government
bonds they can command, we surrender the
power into the hands of any set of men who
may choose to combine capital together for
Ihe'ptti pose of con trolling 1 his additional amount
of circulating notes and give them the ability to
inflate the eui rency ad infinitum, or at least, to
the extent of the bonds they can coUect together
and use as a foundation for circulation. An
inflation of the currency will surely ensue;
then apparent prosperity, and finally national
bankruptcy.
Gentlemen 011 the other side of the House
demand gold and silver for currency. Some
of ilietn demand more bank notes. There is
a difference of opinion in the great Democratic
party in regard to the matter, and I leave them
to settle it among them. Those who ask (or
gold and silver currency of course mean that
there shall be a resumption of specie payment;
but, they tire doing all they can to delay indefi-
nitely the accomplishment of that result by
endeavorinc to strike down the tariff, to iuau
gurate freelrade, and let in a flood of import-
ations from abroad. Vv'e are now importing
5200,000,000 worth of goods annually more
than we are exporting. Our public uebt is
running up continually. It, amounts to over
fifteen hundred million dollars 1,1 national,
State, and municipal bonds. Every year we
send out 600,000,000 of gold or bonds to pay
interest. Kvery year that is increasing in arith-
metical proportion, and unless it be stopped it
must cud eventually in national cankiuptcy.
One thousand million dollars of our national
bonds are held abroad, white the batiks hold
f>5o(),000,000, leaving only some $600,000,000
in the hands of the people, and when they are
exhausted iti the p<i3'iuent of oaUuices uug
abroad we shall have the retlex action for want
of means to cancel our accruing indebtedness,
and then will come national degradation and
ruin and despair.
Let us, then, let well enough alone. "W ehavo
a cmrency uuequaled in the worid, of tiaitorm
value from one end of the country to the other,
answering all the wishes of the people, suffi-
cient in quantity for all the business of the
nation, and acceptable to all. It is this eternal
tinkering with the currency that keeps the busi-
ness community unsettled, and if it was only
satisfied that Congress would make 110 disturb-
ance with the circulating medium the business
of the nation would proceed with a better as-
surance of proper and satisfactory returns, and
the men of the commercial cities and manu-
facturing towns, the mechanic and the farmer,
would not deprecate the convening of Con-
gress and give an exclamation of relief when
it adjourns.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I move to
amend section one by adding to the end of it
these words: "except in States containing
more than one hundred thousand inhabitants."
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Mr. Speaker, the
legislation of Congress during the last ten
years has been fruitful of new theories on vari-
ous subjects. The one 011 which the national
banking system rests is, perhaps, tiie most
astonishing. It is that capital is unable to pro
tect itself, and therefore needs Government
piotection.
The theory of the world heretofore has been
that while labor needed the fostering care of
Government, capital was strong and able to
take care of itself. The world litis acted on
that theory, and 1 venture to affirm that, never
before the passage of our national banking act,
did any Government hire capitalists to furnish
a paper circulating medium for its people.
Tiie right, to issue circulating notes has always
been considered a most valuable one. Our
legislation assumes that men must have special
inducements and rewards to accept, this priv-
ilege, and such rewards aregiven to the national
banks. This bill proposes to'extend that sys-
tem ami multiply those banks, and I am there-
fore opposed to it. It also proposes to increase
the bunded debt of the Government, and I am
opposed to it for that reason also.
Mr. GAUFIKLD, of Ohio, ily friend from
Oregon will allow me to say that he is mis-
taken in supposing this bill increases the
bonded debt of the country.
Mr. SMIITI, of Oregon. I have no time
to go into that question ; but such is my firm
belief.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is a mistake.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. That is a question
of opinion. I am sustained in the belief by
other gentlemen, that, the effect of this bill is
to increase our bonded debt. But let that pass.
'There can be 110 question that our national
banking law hires capital to furnish inferior
circulating medium to the people of the United
States, it pays them six per cent,, interest on
their whole banking capital. I11 other words, it
enables the banker to lend the same money to
two different parties at the same time, and to
receive interest on both loans. Even worse
than that, it permits him to lend the same
money twice to the Government and to draw
interest on both loans at the same time. A
banking association organized under the gen-
eral law deposits its bonds with the Government
and receives ninety per cent, of their par value
in notes, with which it may bay other Govern-
ment bonds, and thus, as before stated, receive
double interest on the same loan. If this is
not often done it, is because the notes can be
loaned at a higher rate of interest to private
persons, and not, because the law does not allow
it to be done. No such system for the benefit
of capital at the expense of the people was ever
before devised, and yet this bill proposes to
continue and extend it. it is utterly inde-
fensible.
These bank notes ought, never to have been
issued. None of the reasons usually offered
in justification ot the use ot bank notes as a
circulating medium apply to these notes. Only
two such reasons have any weight, and they
apply only to banking on a coin basis. One is,
that the coin of a country is insufficient to meet
the demands of business; the other, that the
bank note is a more convenient iriedinrn of
exchange than coin. The first does not apply ;
for the business of the3e bank? js not done on
a coin basis. If the greenback currency ,pow
ia existence is insufficient, Congress has power
to increase it to any required extent, and its
scarcity furnishes no argument for the use of
the bank note. The other argument certainly
does not apply; for 110 one will claim that lor
convenience of use the bauk no.te has any ad-
vantage over the greenback. They are pre-
cisely the same in that regard.
I hold then, Mr. Speaker, that such",a sys-
tem as this, established clearly in the interest
of capital and in opposition to the interests of
the Government and the people, ought not to
be continued unless there are overpowering
reasons of public policy or necessity to sup-
port it.
What are the reasons which have been as-
signed against our repealing this entire system
and substituting the greenback as our circulat-
ing medium till we return to specie payments'!
I will examine very briefly the argumeutsoffered
by the chairman of tiie committee who reports
this bill. He says, in the lirst place, that it is
not safe to leave in the hands of the Govern-
ment the entire control of the volume of our
currency ; that it is not safe to leave it for the
Government to say whether we shall have
$800,000,000 of currency or a larger or smaller
amount. And that is advanced as a reason
why the national batiks should lie continued
and not abolished. Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 affirm
that the Government lias precisely tne same
control over the national bank circulation that
it has over the greenbacks. And whatever
argument there may be against leaving a power
of this kind in the hands of the Government
applies with equal force to the national bank
circulation. Loth the national bank note and
the greenback are creatures of congressional
legislation, and there is nothing to tinnier Con-
gress ftonl increasing or diminishing either.
So, sir, there is no argument in that reason
which has been assigned for the continuance,
of the system.
Another argument advanced by the gentle-
man was that the greenback system utd not
furnish a currency sufficiently flexible. I affirm
again, and I call the attention of the gentleman
to that point, that so fir as flexibility is con-
cerned the two currencies are precisely tlio
same. I defy any gentleman to point out a cir-
cumstance 111 which they differ. Congress
determines tiie amount of national b,utk cur-
rency which nvty be in circulation atany time.
After it is issued and 111 the hands ot the na-
tional banks it is money for ail practical pur-
poses ; it is money in the same sense that green-
backs are money, except that is is not a legal
tender in tiie payment of debts.^ Kow, sir,
when these notes are issued ami in the hands
of the national banks there isprecisely the same
inducement to place them in circulation, to
lend them, to obtain interest upon them, that,
there is to putgreenbacks m eitdilution. _ iiie
volume of the cut rency , in other words, is
determined by congressional legislation; in
i both cases, whether it bo excius.vety in green-
j backs or part in green backs and part m national
i banknotes. There is, therelere, uogood argu-
j ment in favor ol the system, on account ot the
| superior ile.vibihty of the ouekmdoi currency
' over that of the o:'i
| It has been farther contended, Mr. Speaker,
i that the multiplication of national banks is
;i necessary in order to give the \Vest, and the
j! South local banks ami local banking facilities,
!j And one of the arnitneius in support ot that
lj was that tbe existence of local banks all over
II the country coneentiaced the capital or tne
j' country, brought in the small hoards 0. money
'I in the hands of individuals, and enabled tne
ji banks to utilize all the mom-ty of that particular
!* locality. 1 hold that the existence of this
national bank system is the one great di ii\. oaen
to the existence of a sufficient 1111 inner 01 ban.es
in this country for the business purposes ol tne
