1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Removal of Political Disabilities—Mr. Harris.
Ho. op Beps.
In the State of Mississippi, sir, in the fall of
1865, and just after the people had laid down
their arms, and ere they had received encour-
agement from the President of the United
States, and before they had been allured by the
nomination of a candidate for the Presidency
favorable to their ideas of the situation, they
assembled in convention, and, among other
things, adopted the following ordinance, to wit:
'' N either slavery nor in voluntary servitude, except
as a punishment for crime, whereof the party shall
have been duly convicted, shall existwithin theState
of Mississippi."
A. step in the right direction, sir ; but how
vastly different the tone and the sentiment
when the Legislature metat Jackson and under-
took the importantduty of enacting wholesome
laws to meet the exigencies of the new order
of things. They felt unwilling to award to the
freedman the rights to which he was entitled,
but to which he was unaccustomed. And hence
the intervention of what is known as the civil
rights bill. And thus our people, anxious to
obtain the most liberal terms of adjustment
that it was possible to procure, found them-
selves between the upper and nether mill-stone;
with one branch of the Government pulling up,
and the other down. And at this period came
the fourteenth amendment, and following it, in
rapid succession, came the reconstruction acts
of March, 1867, and the then dominant party,
emboldened by flattering promises and by cher-
ished hopes, met in political convention and
declared these acts to be " unconstitutional,
revolutionary, and void."
But, sir, they have long since learned the
potency of the Government, not only to pre-
serve itself, but to build up the waste places
and to protect its friends. They have learned
a lesson from the severest of all teachers, from
such punishment only as a magnanimous Gov-
ernment thought requisite to the work of com-
plete restoration of those States to their proper
place in the Union, not, however, by such
punishment as the tottering Governments of
Europe have ever resorted to in the punish-
ment of rebels, by confiscation, imprisonment,
and death, but by a copartial disfranchisement
for the time, and until the necessity shall have
ceased to exist. If there is now a necessity
for the continuation of those disabling acts, in
what measure does it exist? It is lamentably
true that the sting is not yet out of the pen of
some of our disappointed journalists, whose
course has done more to irritate and excite
the people against the Government than all
other causes combined, and whose tone has
incited the irresponsible and the lawless to
deeds of violence and bloodshed ; but I have
yet to learn that there is any State entirely free
from such abuses or exempt from such con-
taminating influences.
I grant you, sir, that at the time the four-
teenth amendment was undergoing violent dis-
cussion in Congress there was cause for some
acts that would secure to the friends of the
Government in the South that protection neces
sary to the proper execution of the laws, for
then it was that secession began to exhibit
some signs of returning life in some parts of
the South. But we find in this amendment
nothing provided as a punishment for crime,
but all for the safety of the country. Not, I
repeat, as a punishment, for Congress wisely
declined to disfranchise any man for partici-
pating in the rebellion merely ; and only im-
posed these disabilities upon such as had, in
the opinion of Congress, violated the sanctity
of an official oath—by participating in the
rebellion after having taken an oath to support
t he Constitution of the United States. Let us
examine for a few moments the third section
of the fourteenth article of amendment, which
reads as follows:
"No person shall be a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of President or Vice Presi-
dent, or hold any office, civil or military, under the
United States, who having previously taken an oath
as amemberof Congress, or as an officer of the United
States, or as a member of any State Legislature, or
as an executive ox judicial officer of any State, shall
have engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the
same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof.
But Congress may by a vote of two thirds of each
House remove such disabilities."
The casual observer must see that no part
of this article was designed as a punishment,
but as a prudent measure for safety and pro-
tection ; and especially for the protection of
citizens upon whom civil and political rights
had been recently conferred by the Govern-
ment, as one of the results of the late troubles,
and to guaranty to the southern States "a
republican form of government." In this
series of legislation a class of persons are
deprived of cherished rights, and those rights
are conferred upon another class:
But Congress may, by a vote of two thirds of both
Houses, remove such disabilities."
Here we find in this clause of the Constitu-
tion, a right reserved to Congress. When shall
it be exercised ? Congress intended to cxer-
cise that right or it never would have been
reserved. It carries the evidence on its face
that it never was designed to impose perpetual
disabilities upon the people of the southern
States. In very many cases, and probably in
a majority of cases, the very best friends of
the Union and of reconstruction are disabled.
An old man, perhaps, who forty years ago
acted as justice of the peace for his neighbor-
hood, and has been through life a firm sup-
porter of the Union of the States, and opposed
to the fallacy of secession ; but when his son
was in the rebellion, perhaps under the pres-
sure of the conscript law, the father, true to
the instincts of his nature, withheld not the
food and raiment that sustained the life of his
offspring, and thus the father give "aid or
comfort." But, now in the honesty of his
heart he abjures you by that magnanimity
which has characterized your former legislation
to confer on him the rights of citizenship.
We stand pledged to the people, at the proper
time, to relieve them, and to restore them to
their former rights. In the resolutions of the
national convention held at Chicago in June,
1868, we find the following:
"Thai, we highly commend the spirit of magna-
nimity and forbearance with which men who have
served in the rebellion, but who now frankly and
honestly oooperate with us in restoring the southern
State governments upon the basis of impartial jus-
tice and equal rights, are received back into the com-
munion of theloyal people, and we favor the removal
of disqualifications and restrictions imposed upon
the late rebels in the same measure as the spirit of
disloyalty will die out, andas may beconsistentwith
the safety of the loyalpeople."
This sentiment was indorsed, not only by the
Chicago convention, but it was fully indorsed
at the polls in November, 1868, by the great
heart of the American people, in the triumphant
success of the Republican party of the nation.
That spirit has "died out" in the State of
Mississippi, and so fully are we convinced that
thepcople are sincere in their pretensions that
early last fall, in State convention, after dis-
cussing and considering the whole question,
we adopted the following resolution, to wit:
"We pledgo the political influence of the whole
Slate for the immediate removal of all the disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the Con-
stitution."
And upon this platform we made the can-
vass. We were successful, and now we ask you
to assist us in redeeming the pledges and prom-
ises we have made to our people. Let us relieve
them. and they will still confide in us. It will
serve to inspire confidence in us and in Gov-
ernment, and it will still further cement the
friendship that we have kindled with our neigh-
bors and our friends.
And, sir, our Legislature, which met in Jack-
son on the 11th of Jauuary last, true to the Gov-
ernment, true to the people, irrespective of
race, color, or previous condition, and no less
true to themselves, ratified the fourteenth and
fifteenth constitutional amendments; and still
true to their disabled fellow-citizens, and to
their pledges, they passed a joint resolution ask-
ing this Congress to remove the political disa-
bilities of our people. Shall they plead in vain?
Shall we return to our constituents and report
to them that all our earnest efforts have been
unsuccessful, and that they must still remain
"aliens in the land of their birth?" No; let
us restore our fellow-citizens to their former
rights, in the spirit of amity and good will;
make them feel that they have an interest in
this Government in common with the other
States of this Union, inseparably connected
with the great confederation of States, and that
they are entitled as well to protection as to gov-
ernment, and in the language of Mississippi's
able Governor, J. L. Alcorn—
"Restored to our lost place in the sisterhood of
States by the grace of the nation, that grace has
brought us back an equal among sovereigns, Erect
and free, Mississippi goes forward now to work out
her destiny in a fellowship of States, the peer of the
proudest."
The objection may be made that the hands of
loyal citizens are not as yet sufficiently strong
to insure the future safety of the State with
the votes of these disfranchised citizens cast
on the side of oppression and misrule. But
the language of our patriotic Governor, in his
inaugural, forever pats this assertion to rest in
language that will be echoed by every patriotic
heart in the State. He says:
"So long as I shall have the honor to govern tho
Stato tho laws shall he obeyed. Even poverty and
helplessness shall, while I preside over tho govern-
ment, be held secure within our borders from lawless
violence. Old citizens ornew, black citizens or white,
natives or foreigners, coming into this State,shall be
shielded by the law as with a panoply of steel. Tho
immigrant who comes among us, and the traveier
who passes over our domain, may feel assured that
henceforth, having nothing to apprehend from the
pistol or the knile, they will be in the inviolable
keeping of a civil power at once omnipotent and
omnipresent."
The State is now fully and completely in the
hands of the friends of the Government, and
that, too, by a vote of nearly forty thousand,
and that against a party claiming to be the
Republican party of the nation and in full
sympathy with the Administration; and so
fully were they committed to the policy of the
Government that they adopted for their can-
vass a platform which purported to be equally
liberal with ours, and made a desperate effort
to bring themselves under the wing of the
Administration; and in their attempt to recon-
cile conflicting parties and interests placed on
their State ticket as a candidate for secretary
of State a colored man, and for other State
offices men who bore commissions in the United
States Army during the late war; and thus you
see, sir, all parties are reconciled and fully
realize the situation. They are obedient to
the law, and will, in my humble opinion, be
ever ready to aid in its execution.
I know not how it may be in other States,
but in the State that I have the honor in part
to represent the people are thoroughly recon-
structed, and that, too, upon the latest and
most approved plan. They have abandoned
their former leaders, and it is not at all likely
tliat they will endeavor to restore them to
power. That spirit of proscription which, like
the whirlpool, swept the masses before it is
rapidly dying out, and social and political
ostracism yields to a more liberal feeling, and
all the indications are favorable to perfect
harmony; they have the fullest confidence in
your reconstruction ; they confide in the per-
manency of the Government, the supremacy
of the law, and the stability of American insti-
tutions ; they ask for your gracious pardon ;
they are ready to acknowledge your magna-
nimity ; and if you owe it not to them, you cer-
tainly owe it to yourself, to foster and encour-
age every indication of honest purpose, treat
