1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5177
Not at all. By the Constitution of the United
States? Not at all. Where does lie then
derive it? He derives it from the constitutions
of the States; he derives it from State author-
ity, and from none other.
Now, what does this mean? A man may
vote and does vote, as I am informed, under
the constitutions of some eleven States of this
Union, without being naturalized at all, upon
a mere declaration of intention. lie cannot
vote so in your State, sir; he cannot vote so
in mine; but lie can in eleven of the newer
States of this Union. What is your certificate
of naturalization to him ? It matters nothing ;
he does not produce it at the polls; it is no
authorization for him in any way whatever.
Then what is the idea? That under a pretense
of correcting naturalization you are sending
down a couple of political emissaries to inspect
that which Congress has no right to inspect and
which you have no power to authorize others
to inspect. The whole thing is nothing but a
flagrant attempt to invade the right of States
to conduct elections according to their own
laws. What do you mean by sending number-
less deputy marshals to keep the peace at the
polls of elections ? Where have you such au-
thority ? What right have you to do it ? The
bill is a bill apparently, by the confession in
this debate, narrowing itself down to operation
in the State of New York, and particularly in
the city of New York. This bill, affecting a
subject as to making men citizens, which power
is given by the Constitution to Congress, to act
by a uniform exercise of power, comes down
to what? To some scheme to affect, bylaw-
less usurpation the elections of the city of New
York; and this is termed the purification of
elections!
I do not know what will be the practical
result of this thing; but I do hope that it will
be tested and brought before courts who will
decide it, and that these partisan interlopers,
whom you seek to have put into the election-
rooms for no purpose under heaven that can
be authorized by the Constitution of this coun-
try or by the laws made in pursuance of it, may
bo taught that there is no place for them there,
and that you had no authority to justify their
presence there.
I suppose from the character of this debate,
from the fact of the appeals made, the pathet-
ical appeals made here, sometimes half threat-
ening, sometimes half in woe, by the honorable
Senator from New York, that this bill will be
nassed for his gratification, that something may
be done in the city or State of New York which
may in some way affect an election in a man-
ner thought desirable by the majority in the
Senate; but it is perfectly plain that the two
matters which are proposed by sections twelve
and thirtween added to this bill are matters
completely without the first letter ot constitu-
tional warrant.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the naturalisation
laws are hereby extended to aliens of Airican nativ-
ity and to persons of Africa.n descent.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 15, noes 15; no quorum voting.
Mr. POMEROY called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. ROSS, (when his name was called.)
On this question I voted for this proposition
in Committee of the Whole, and would do so
now, but since then I have paired with the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] who is
obliged to retire.
The result was announced—yeas 20, nays
17; as follows:
YEAS—Afe=«rs.Chandler. Drake, Ponton, Harlan,
McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Eioe, Robertson, Scott, Spencer, Spraguo,
Sumner, Thayer. Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, and
Willoy-20.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman. Corbett, Cragin,
Edmunds, Hamilton of Maryland, Howe, McCreery,
Nye, Ramsey, Salisbury, Stewart, Stockton, Xhur-
man.Yiekers, Williams, and Wilson—17.
ABSENT—Messrs.Abbott, Auies, Anthony. Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly,
Cattell, Cole, Conkling, Davis, Ferry, Flanagan,
Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harris.
Howard, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill
of Maine, Norton, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Revels,
Ross, Sawyer, Sehurz, Sherman, and Yates—35.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SUMNER. I renew my proposition to
strike out the word "white."
Mr. POMEROY. Let us have the yeasand
nays.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to insert a new
section which has already been voted in once
by 27 ayes to 22 nays.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask if that amendment
has not been proposed and voted on once since
the bill came into the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has not
been offered in the Senate, but it was offered
in Committee of the Whole. The amendment
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
And be it further enacted, That all acts of Congress
relating to naturalization be, and thesame are hereby,
amended by striking out theword " white "wherever
it occurs; so that in naturalisation there shall be no
distinction of raeo or color.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do hope that now the
Senate will not act so inconsistently as to vote
down this amendment. I ask Senators to look
at the position in which we are placing our-
selves. We have now by a distinct vote placed
upon this bill a provision that any person of
the African race or of African descent may be
naturalized. W e have struck the word "white "
out of the naturalization laws so far as it
applies to the Hottentot, to the pagan from
Africa. Now, is it proposed to deny the right
of naturalization to the Chinaman, who is in-
finitely above the African in intelligence, in
manhood, and in every respect?
The amendment we have adopted is not an
amendment applicable to the African living in
the United States ; it is an amendmentauthor-
izing people from Africa to come here and be
naturalized. It opens the whole continent of
Africa, where are to be found the most degraded
examples of man that exist on the face of the
earth, pagans, cannibals, men who worship
beasts, who do not compare in intelligence at
all with the Chinese. And I ask of Senators,
are we now going to place ourselves in the
condition of authorizing these Africans to be
naturalized and become citizens of the United
States, and deny that right to Chinamen ?
Mr. MORTON. I hope that nobody will
be alarmed seriously by this appeal on the part
of the Senator from Illinois. So far as natu-
ralizing Africans or persons of African descent
is concerned, a few may come from the West
India islands. I understand there are some
who have come from the West India islands
who are desirous of being naturalized, but so
far,as Africa is concerned there are none that
will come.
Mr. WILLIAMS. None can come.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is no opportunity
for them to come.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Stjmsek.]
Mr. ROSS. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.]
Il he were here he would vote against the
amendment, and I should vote tor it.
Mr. PATTERSON. On this question I have
paired with the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Siier-
3iax.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 26 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Fenton,Fowler, Howe, McDonald,
Momll of Vermont, Osborn, Pomeroy, Rice, Rob-
ertson, Sprague, Sumner, and Truuibull—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman,Chandler,Conk-
ling, Corbett, Cragin, Drake. Hamilton of Maryland,
Ilamlin, Hartan, MeCreery, Morton, Nye, Ramsey,
Saulsbury, Scott, Stewart, Stockton, Thayer, Thur-
man. Tipton. Viekers, Warner, Willey, Williams,
and Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly,
Cattell, Cole, Davis, Edmunds, Sorry, Flanagan,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Howard, Howell,
Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Moirillof Maine,Norton,
Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Revels, Ross, Sawyer, Schurz,
Sherman, Spencer, and Yates—34.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
amendment that was adopted on the motion of
the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Warner] by
adding the words "or persons born in the
Chinese empire ; " so as to make it read :
That the naturalization laws are hereby extended
to aliens of African nativity, and to persons of Afri-
can descent, and to persons born in the Chinese
empire.
I have offered this amendment so as to bring
the distinct question before the Senate whether
they will vote to naturalize persons from Africa
audvote to refuse to naturalize those who come
from China. I ask for the yeas and nays on
my amendment.
Mr. NYE. Is the amendment which was
adopted on the motion of the Senator from
Alabama open to amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is, by
way of addition.
Mr. NYE. Then I move to amend it by add-
ing the words " now in this country."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not in order now.
Mr. NYE. I withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Tbdmbuli..]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 31; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Kenton, Fowler, McDonald.Pom-
eroy, Rice, Robertson, Sprague, Sumner, and Trum-
bull-9.
NAY S—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Chandler. Conk-
ling, Corbett, Cragin, Drako, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamlin, llarian, Howe, McCreery, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Ratnsey,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Stewart, Stockton,Thayer,
Thurman, Tipton, Vickers, Warner, Willey, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—31.
ABSENT—Messrs.Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Oasserly,
Cattell, Cole, Davis, Edmunds, Ferrv, Flanagan,
Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Howard, Howell, John-
ston, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Norton,
Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Revels, Ross, Sehurz, Sher-
man, Spencer, and Yates—32.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
On the question of its passage,
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. ROSS. 1 am paired on this question
with the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 315, nays 8 : as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler,Conkling, Cor-
bett, Cragin,Drake, Edmunds, Fenton, Gilbert, Ham-
lin, llarian, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy. liamsey, Rice,
Robertson, Sawyer. Scott, Speneer, Stewart, Suimier,
Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard. Boreman, Hamilton of
Maryland, McCreery, Saulsbury, Stockton, Thur-
man, and Vickers—8.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Browuloiy,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Cattell,
Cole, Davis, Ferry, Flanagan. Fowler, Hamilton of
Texas, Harris, Howard, Hoive, Howell, Johnston,
Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Pool,
Pratt," Revels, Ross, Schurz, Sherman, Sluaguo, and
Yates—31.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend the
title of the bill by adding the words " and for
other purposes."
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, (at eleven
o'clock and eighteen minutes p. m..) the Senate
adjourned.
