5178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 5, 1870.
The House mot at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
placer mining claims.
Mr. FERRISS. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
unfinished business coming overfrom Saturday
last, being the report of the committee of con-
ference, made by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Fekkiss,] chairman of the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining, which report was
published in the Globe.
The report was as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votesof the two House? upon the amendments of the
Senate to H. R. No. 532, entitled "An act to amend
an act granting the right oi way to ditch and canal
owners over the publ ic lands, and for other purposes,"
having met, after lull and free conference have agreed
to recommend to their respective Houses as follows:
That theSenate recede from amendment numbered
1, with an amendment, as follows: insert after the
word "claims," in line two, page 2 of the bill, the
following words: "of any size, although such claims
may be less than ten acres each ;" and the House of
Representatives agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from amendment num-
bered 2.
That the Senate recede from amendmentmimbered
3, with an amendment, as follows: insert alter the
word "persons," m line six, page 2 of the bill, the
following words: "which location shall conform to
the United States surveys;" and tho House of Rep-
resentatives agree to the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from
amendment numbered 4. and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from amendment numbered
5, with an amendment substituting the following in
lieu of t.he matter stricken out:
Snc. 14. And be it further enacted, That all ex parte
affidavits required to be made under this act, or the
act of which it is amendatory, may be verified before
anyoificer authorised to administer oaths within the
land district whore the claims ma.y be situated.
And the Ilouso ot Representatives agreo to the
sam e.
That Ih e Senate recede from amendment numbered
6, and agree to section sixteen, with the following
amendment: "And provided further, That nothing
herein contained shall require the survey of waste
or useless lands;" and the House of Representatives
agree to the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from its
disagreement to the amendment numbered 7, and
agree to the same.
ORANGE FERRISS,
A. A. SARGENT,
JAMES A. JOHNSON,
Manafjert: on the part of the House.
' WILLIAM M. STEWART,
E. CASSERLY,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
Mr. RANDALL. Does this give any land ?
Mr. FERRISS. The report is substantially
the House bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I can explain the report
in two minutes.
Mr. FERRISS. I yield to the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sargent,] whose State
is particularly interested in the subject of this
report.
Mr. SARGENT. Some three or four months
ago the House, after a report from the Com-
mittee on Minos and Mining, without a division
and with general assent, passed a bill by which
persons in possession of placer mining claims
might prove up their preemptions at the land
office andpay for the same at the rate of $2 50
per acre. It was the same principle which
was adopted in reference to quartz claims in
18C6. The title of the old law was "An act
granting the right of way to ditch and canal
owners over the public lands, and for other
purposes," a title which was not very applicable
to the purposes of the law, although the night
referred to in the title was granted by the bill.
I think a better and more appropriate title would
have been "An act to enable miners to secure
preemption for mining claims the public lands.''
The bill which passed the House so unani-
mously upon the repor't of the Committee on
Mines and Mining went to the Senate, where
some amendments were made to it. To those
amendments the House disagreed, and the
matter, was sent to a committee of conference.
The committee of conference have reported
substantially the House bill. It simply grants
the right of preemption to placer miners, by
which they can pay for their placer-miuing
claims. The object of the bill is to give these
uersons such title to their lands that they will
be induced to give up their hitherto nomadic
life and become permanent settlers to a great
extent. It is a very beneficent bill, and I hope
the report of the committee of conference will
be agreed to.
The question being taken upon the report,
it was agreed to.
mississippi and southwestern iiailhoad.
Mr. ROOTS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. 11. No. 2301) to incorporate
the Mississippi River and Great Southwestern
Railroad Company, and to aid in the construc-
tion of its road; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
postal telegraph.
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Wisconsin. I rise to
make a privileged report. It will be recol-
lected that some time since tho select Com-
mittee on Postal Telegraph Lines gave way,
with tho understanding that they should be
allowed to report at any time. I desire now
to make that report and have it printed and
recommitted. 1 also ask that my associate on
the committee, the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Palmer,] have leave to report a bill repre-
senting the views of other members of the
committee on this subject.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R.
No. 2;3G5) to establish postal telegraph lines
in the United States, was received, read a first
and second time, and, with the accompanying
report ordered to be printed and recommitted
to the sclect Committee on Postal Telegraph
Lines.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask
unanimous consent to make a brief explan-
ation of this subject to the House, not to
exceed ten or fifteen minutes.
No objection was made; and leave was ac-
cordingly granted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Speaker, I rise to make a privileged report
from the select Committee on Postal Telegraph
Lines. I am authorized by the committee to
submit the report and bill which I send to the
Clerk's desk and ask that they be printed and
recommitted to the committee. My colleague
on the committee, [Mr. Palmer,] is also au-
thorized to submit a report on a proposition
before the committee and have the sameprinted
and recommitted. In submitting the report and
bill that I have, I ask the indulgence of the
House for a few moments while I say a few
words. The report is lengthy, and has appended
to it many interesting documents and statistics,
as well as the speeches of Mr. Qrton, president
of the Western Union Telegraph Company, and
Mr. Hubbard in advocacy of his plan. To all
I desire to invite the special attention of mem-
bers. I hope that they will take time during
the vacation to examine the question, and be
prepared to act understanding^ at the meeting
of Congress in December, when, if possible, I
mean to bring the question before the House.
If gentlemen will but examine this question
they will find that this country is far behind the
countries of Europein furnishing to the peopiea
cheap, swift, reliable, and comprehensive sys-
tem of telegraphy ; that in those countries, as
well as in the far-off colonies of Australia and
New Zealand, the telegraph is operated in con-
nection with their postal system with entire
success. In England, the Government, always
slow and conservative, assumed the control of
all the telegraph lines of the United Kingdom
by purchase on the 5th of February last, and
reduced the tariff to a uniform rate of one shil-
ling (twenty-five cents) for twenty words, exclu-
sive of address and signature, throughout the
entire country. The result has been that the
number ofdispateheshasinereased from week to
week, or from 127,000 perweek in February, to
191,413 for the week ending the 4th of June,
and 200,29-1 for the week ending .Tune 18, and
Mr. Seudamore, the secretary of the British
post office, writes that the success of the scheme
is fully assured ; that in Ireland, under a uni-
form tariff of one shilling, they were receiving
thirty-three per cent, more money than the com-
bined telegraph companies before received at
three shillings and four shillings, and assur-
ance is given that the British public will soou
be favored with a uniform tariff of sixpence
throughout the kingdom.
In France the telegraph, under governmental
management, is brought withm the reach of all
For ten cents a dispatch of twenty words may
be sent from a place in any department to any
other place in the same department, and for
twenty cents from one extreme of the empire
to another, a distance of over six hundred
miles, and at these rates the system isnotonly
self-sustaining, but a source of over one million
francs of revenue to the Government, exclusive
of a vast amount of Government dispatches
transmitted free. In Switzerland and Belgium,
at an internal rate of ten cents, tho system is
perfect and self-sustaining.
To comprehend the vast strides other nations
are making you have but to reflect, that it was
but tho other day that a submarine cable was
opened connecting England with Bombay, and
thence by land lines with Calcutta, and Ran-
goon, in the Burman empire ; also with Madras,
and Point de Galle, at the southern extremity
of the island of Ceylon. Contracts are already
made, and twelve months will see a cable laid
from Rangoon to Singapore, and thence to
Hong Kong and Shanghai; also, from Singa-
pore to Batavia, in the island of Java; thence
to Australia, traversing that country its entire
length to Melbourne; thence crossing by sub-
marine cable to Tasmania, crossing that coun-
try to Ilobartown, and thence by another sub-
marine cable of twelve hundred miles in lengui
to New Zealand, connecting, both in Australia
and New Zealand, with a comprehensive sys-
tem of postal telegraphs.
But this is not all. Anotl er line, starting
at Vienna, passing down the Danube to Peter-
warder., striking across the country through
Turkey to Constantinople, crossing the Bos-
phorus, traversing Asia Minor down the valley
of the Euphrates to the mouth of that sacred
river, passing on its way the ancient city of
Bagdad, the ruins of Babylon, and site of the
Garden of Eden, then by submarine cable in
the Persian Gnlf and Gulf of Orrnus to the
mouth of the Indus, connects with the tele-
graph system of India. And still another iiue
has been recently opened to facilitate over-
land correspondence with British India. After
reaching Odessa it continues its course through
the Crimea and the Caucasus, across the Black
sea by submarine cable, thence via Tiflis and
Tabriz to Teheran in Persia, from whence it
will soon connect with the laud lines of India.
Russia has extended her lines entirely across
Siberia, and to-day her capital is in daily com-
munication with Irkutsk on Lake Baikal, with
the mouth of the Atnoorinthe seaof Okhotsk,
and Povsat on the sea of Japan, whence a
cubic will soon be laid to Hakodadi, in Japan.
While so much is being done the world over
for the transmission of swift and cheap intelli-
gence, may I not ask the careful and candid
consideration of the House to the report and
bill that I have just submitted?
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I am author-
ized by the select Committee on Postal Tele-
graph Lines to report, as a substitute for the
bill reported by the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin, (Mr. Washburn,""] a bill (II. R. No. 2300)
to establish a postal telegraph .system and to
incorporate the postal telegraph company. His
bill ia a governmental bill altogether, while
