2846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
makes it somewhat a matter of doubt how that
question will be decided. The preseuee of
General Ames on the floor as a member of the
Senate and his vote may be necessary to send
Georgia back again, to abrogate what is called
the Bingham amendment to the bill that was
passed by the House of Representatives. There
are many questions on which General Ames
may be called upon to vote on which his vote
may be important.
Sir, it is palpably manifest that the Radical
party in the Senate is disintegrating. The
ablest, the purest, the most patriotic men in
it are falling away from that blind party sup-
port which its impetuous leaders require every
member of it to yield to them in this body. If
this process proceeds the intellect, the attain-
ments, the statesmanship, the patriotism, and
the better part of the Radical party in the Sen-
ate of the United States will, in the future
career of that party onward and downward in
its excesses and wrongs, be thrown against the
policy and the purposes of the leaders of that
party. They know it. They see the coining
storm, and it is against tho thunders of that
coming storm and the howl of the blast that is
already heard in tho political atmosphere that
thaj are endeavoring to fortify themselves.
Sir, why was General Ames made to super-
sede General GilletnV It was because there
was work for General Ames to do in the State
of Mississippi which General Gillein could not
be brought to do. The President conferred
with General Ames, no doubt in relation to
those affairs, and General Ames may be pre-
sumed to have been charged with a message from :
the President endeavoring to conciliate Gen- j
oral Gillem to his being superseded by General ;
Ames. General Ames was expected, was re- ;
quired, wa^eomtnanded, because the wishofthe ;
President would be equivalent to a command,
to perform the acts, to inaugurate a policy, to
consummate apulicyinthe State of Mississippi
that General Gillem would scorn to sloop to.
Therefore it was that General Ames was com-
missioned to supersede General Gillem; and
the same party necessity which in the judg-
ment of the President required General Ames
to supersede General Gillem now requires that
General Ames should be admitted to the Sen-
ate as a member from the Slate of Mississippi.
General Ames bore himself there like a dic-
tator, like an absolute military monarch. He
was not a Warwick; he did not make kings ;
but the amplitude of power which he exercised
was broader than that which even tho king-
maker exercised in England. What did he do?
He made law and he abolished lav/ by his will
and his pleasure, lie made officers of the
election and unmade them by his absolute will
and pleasure; ho made voters and unmade
them by his absolute will and pleasure; ho made
electors and candidates for the Legislature of
that State by his absolute will; he made one
Senator by his power, hia oppression, his con-
straint on the Legislature of that State, and
then he made himself the other Senator and
commissioned himself to come hero and claim
the seat. Not only that, but in his puissance,
in the amplitude of his power, in the possession
of unchecked, irresponsiblepowerhegraciously
offered to make the Governor-elect provisional
governor of the province of Mississippi. What,
wonderful condescension ! What a magnani-
mous exercise of power! What a constitu-
tional, patriotic, statesmanlike exercise of
power by this military praetor appointed by the
President to supersede an abler and a more
competent man! How he did revel in the pos-
session of this accidental and temporary power!
I was never so soft, so green as to believe
that the earnest leaders of the Radical party,
those who trample without scruple or com-
punction upon the Constitution of their country
and tho liberties of their countrymen, would
falter in receiving General Ames into the Sen-
ate as a Senator ; but, sir, I desire to protest
against this perversion and abuse and tyran-
nous exercise of power both by the general
and by tho Senate ; by the general, in the man -
agement of affairs in the reorganization of the
government of Mississippi, in the constitution
of its Legislature, and in its transcendently
important business of choosing Senators to the
Senate of the United States. To the last breath
of my life and to the last pulsation of my heart
I will enter an earnest protest against such an
abuse of power.
Sir, I have no doubt that the extreme leaders,
the men who make it a maxim to tolerate no
difference of opinion from themselves, to toler-
ate no fidelity to the Constitution, no fidelity to
the rights and the liberties of the American
people where they stand in the way of their
schemes or their hold of power: those extreme
leaders who impetuously control and endeavor
to hitch to their chariot wheels tho more intel-
lectual and patriotic spirits of the Senate who
are daily falling from them—I have no doubt
that those men will still command a majority
of the Senate and that they will admit General
Ames. Not only that, they will vote down the
Bingham amendment. They will admit Foster
Blodgett and such men as Senators from the
State of Georgia. They will reconstruct Ten-
nessee. They will take Tennessee by the throat,
mid they will be ready to take Kentucky by the
throat whenever any of their- desperate party
projects whisper to them that it is necessary to
give them successful execution. I contemplate
this to be tho progress of future events. It
will be no more startling, no more unconstitu-
tional, no more oppressive, no more outrageous
than the career of the party for years past.
It has been proclaimed by a man high in the
councils of that party that the power of Con-
gress over Massachusetts or any other State is
tho same as it is over Georgia, and the leaders
of that party intend to act upon that propo-
sition. This country has yet a trial of oppres-
sion and tyranny, wrong, blood, and slaughter
to wade through in the future, which the des-
perate spirits who control the destinies ol'that
party are dragging the country into. We may
look to another war. It will come, unless the
manhood of the oppressed portion of the peo-
ple of America, now ground down to the dust
by this tyranny, bccomes too spiritless to offer
any resistance. I see it in tho future, and not
in tho distant future either.
Sir, when it can be proclaimed by one of the
great lights and leaders of that party that all
the power which Congress has usurped on the
ruins of the Constitution and in derogation of
every principle of liberty and of restricted power
set forth in that instrument in relation to the
rebel States can bo exercised with regard to the
other States of the Union ; when this haughty
party, enthroned in power both in the legis-
lative and executive departments of Govern-
ment, threaten that they have as much power to
seize Kentucky or Ohio or Massachusetts by tho
throat as they have any of tho rebel States, it
only proves the great strides of that party in
the career of wrong, of usurpation, and of des-
potism. We may look out, Mr. President, for
these storms being evoked again, and when
they are evoked again the war will not be sec-
tional. These men will not have peace upon
the principles of the Constitution. They will
not have tho Constitution to rule. They will
not have the departments of the Government
to be administered by the principles and by
the restricted powers of the Constitution. They
claim omnipotent military despotic power.
They are determined, wherever this exercise
of power is necessary to advance their party
interests in holding on to tho Government and
to all of its powers," and to beating down all
opposition to their retention of the control of
the Government, to bring forward these threat-
ened, enormous powers, greater than any they
have ever yet attempted to put into execution,
and give them ample scope.
Mr. President, I think I see all this in the
future. This admission of General Ames in
most palpable violation of a principle of the
Constitution, a question that would not be
entertained for an hour in any enlightened
and honest court in the United States, is only
another evidence that the course of the Radi-
cal party is onward and forward in their career
of despotism and misrule. It is because this
policy of theirs is necessary to be sustained,
to be upheld by such violations of the Consti-
tution as is now about to take place by the
admission of General Ames, that they do such
acts; and when these other and greater aud
more extended acts which they have indicated
in the future become necessary, or they deem
them necessary, they will undertake them.
Six', that will be a serious, a gloomy day for
tho country. I tell this party in power, I tell
its leaders and chiefs who control its progress
and its destiny, that there is a point at which
the patience and suffering of human nature will
bear no more. You have got upon the eon-
fines of that point now; and whenever you
commence, as you will commence, to recon-
struct Georgia again, to lay your hands upon
Tennessee and throw her back as a military
province, dependent upon your power .andyour
will, and you proceed on to Kentucky and other
States in the Union, you will see a storm in
this country such as has never been seen in it
before. It will arouse the people from the
center to the confines of the Republic; and
your short-lived and flagrantly-abused power
will topple into ruin and be heard of no more.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, in reply
to the distinct point which was made by the
Senator from Massachusetts, I desire to read,
rather than to make any comments of my own,
from an authority which ought to command the
respect of the Senate, laying down the law upon
the precise point made by the Senator from
Massachusetts. I do not think I can add any-
thing to what this author says. He wrote a
quarter of a century and more ago. I read from
Burge's Commentaries on the Colonial and
Foreign Laws. The Senator from Massachu-
setts said there was but one rule of law, which
was the intent. This author says:
" A new domicile cannot he acquired by intention
alone."
That meets the precise point which the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts says is the point of
the case. I admit that General Ames declared
his intentiontobecomean inhabitant of Missis-
sippi. This writer says:
" A new domicile cannot be acquired by intention
alone.''
Mr. SUMNER. Does he give any authority?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; there are
references at the bottom of the page. It is in
all the law-books. The Supreme Court of the
United States has decided the same thing. The
author further says:
" The domicile of origin prevails until the party
has not only acquired another, but has manifested
and carried into execution an intention of abandon-
ing his former domicile and acquiring another as his
sole domicile."
Now, what did General Ames say? He
said:
"Finally, for personal and public reasons, I de-
cided to become a candidate and leave the Army.
My intentions ivuro publicly declared and sincere."
That was his intention ; but he never did an
act until after he left the State of Mississippi
and came to Washington and resigned his gener-
alship, under leave of absence, of course, being
in the military service. When he went to Mis-
sissippi in 1868 does anybody pretend that his
going there under orders made him an inhabit-
ant of Mississippi? If it did not, then you
cannot bring it in now; and this author sa\s
that where an officer is appointed to an office,
and in pursuance of the discharge of the duties
of that office he goes to another place and
resides there, his going and residing there
affords no presumption of its being his resi-
dence. You have nothing in this case but the
declaration, and there is not an author who
ever wrote in America or Europe upon the
subject of what constitutes a residence who
has not said that intention alone cannot give a
person a residence who desires to change it.
