1402
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
•j n
[From the nut, Se tomber 13, and thenceforward '
till election.]
The Ticket.
For Governor,
John T. Hoffman, of New York.
For Lieutenant Governor,
Robert H. Pbuys, of Albany.
For Canal Commissioner,
William W. Wright, of Ontario.
for Inspector of State Prisons,
rank ii. Gallagher, of Erie.
[From the same, September 20,1807.}
On t!ie Republican County Convention and iti Chngrat-
lioiial Nominee.
The proceedings of the Radical Republican con-
vention hold in this city yesterday will be found in
our local column. Mr. Ciapp, tho nominee for Con-
gress. id too well known in JSrio county, both as a
politician and citison.to make it either necessary or
pleasant for us to canvass his demerits. Comment
is unnecessary. Unless espeoialiy invited we shall
leave him to the tender mercies of the people, confi-
dent that he will meet with a just appreciation at
their hands.
! From the s&mo, September 29,1866.}
On the Democratic County Convention. j
The action of the national Union county conven-
tion held yesterday, and tho spirit which controlled •
it, ought to be satisfactory to all tho elements of
whioli it was composed,and in placing at the bead of '
our columns the ticket which it put in nomination '
wo feel an entire conviction that it was the fruit of
tin honest and earnest purpose to carry out in good
faith tho objects of the national Union convention,
held at Philadelphia on the 14th ultimo, to consol-
idate ths conservative political sentiment of Erie
county by anew and independent political organiza- .
tion. * * * * The renomination of our
present Representative, Hon. James Humphrey, we
regard as a compliment and indorsement worthily
bestowed and honorably earned. * * * *
It is hardly necessary for us to say that we feel pecu-
liarly gratified at the nomination of Charles Durkee,
esq., asacandidate for theofficeof county treasurer.
* * * * In regard to tho other cundidates I
upon the ticket it is sufficient for us to know that 1
tbey are all "loyal, capable, and honest," without ,
inquiring into their political antecedents, concerning
which we care but Tittle.
[From the same, September 29,1866, and thenoe till
election.]
The Ticket.
For Representative in Congress,
James M.Humpheey.
For County Treasurer,
Chablcs R. Dubkeb.
For Superintendent of tho Poor. !
Chaeles Kurtz. :
For Coroner, i
Nicholas Walsh.
For Justice of the Sessions,
Fbbdkbick Ssal.
[From the same, November 17,1866.]
Breaking up of the Republican Party.
It is quite eertain that the late elections throughout
the North will produce a change in parties, ana that !
new combinationswill be formed and new platforms !
adopted. * * * * The breaking up of ,
the Republican party for soch a cause will impart
confidence to Democratic leaders and induce renewed {
efforts to reorganise their defeated and disheartened '
ranks.
[From the same, December 26.1863.] I
Conclude* the whole thing to be of no Coneequenee.
The people have little sympathy with the animos-
Sties which have been engendered between Congress j
and the President, and do not conceive them to bo :
of sufficient importance to justify the apparent dead- 1
lock which exists in the work of reconstruction. ;
Now, Mr. Speaker, this paper, in conjunction ;
with a few discontented politicians, pursue me ,
with their contemptible and scurrilous attacks,
annoy the Departments with self-appointed com-
mittees, who are clamorous for the appointment
of their friends to office, and denounce unspar-
ingly all who oppose them. I ask, in conclu- :
sion, Mr. Speaker and gentlemen, are they
worthy representatives of the party, and we ;
they entitled to credence ?
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
motion of my colleague to go into the Com- j!
nr.ttee of the Whole on the state of the Union
be agreed to, will it not cut off the morning ''
ho-jr ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. DA WES. I now insist on the vote on my
motion that the House resolve itself into the
I Committee of the Whole on the state of the
j Union.on the special order, being the annual
:! appropriation bill for legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
' the year ending the 30th of June, 1871.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
65, noes 47.
So the motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Before the House resolves
' itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
! state of the Union the Chair will lay before the
■ House some executive communications.
' INCIDENTAL EXPENSES OV TUE TREASURY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of
the Treasury, transmitting, in accordance with
law, a statement of the incidental expenses of
his Department for the year commencing July
i 1, 1868, and ending June 80, 1869 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM SELDKN.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
; laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in compliance with the request of
the Committee of Claims, transmitting papers
in the claim of William Selden for damages to
his property in the District of Columbia; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
ALASKA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter of the Secretary
, of the Treasury, in answer to a resolution of
the House of February 17, transmitting a state -
. ment of receipts from revenue and customs
and all other sources in Alaska since that ter-
ritory was incorporated into the United States;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
: and Means, and ordered to be printed.
1 TREASURY SPECIAL AGENTS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
< laid before the House an answer to the resolution
of the House asking for the number of special
; agents which have been appointed and are now
■ acting for the Treasury Department; which
; was referred to the Committee of Ways and
i Means, and ordered to be printed.
RECEIPTS, ETC., OF THE UNITED STATES.
TheSPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a statement of the re-
ceipts and expenditures of the United States
for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1867 ; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
INDIAN SERVICE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, asking for an appropria-
tion of $120,000 to pay vouchers approved
by General Harney, on account of the Sioux
Indian service; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
j tary of the Interior, asking an appropriation to
: pay outstanding indebtedness on account of
Indian service at Fort Berthold, Dakota; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting accounts of
John E. Tappan for goods given to Kiowa
Indians for delivery of white captives he'.dby
them in 1868; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, recommending that
$8,966 90 be appropriated to pay a debt to S.
E. Ward for goods furnished to Indians at Fort
Laramie by order of the Indian peace commis- <
sion : which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
TheSPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Inferior, recommending an appro-
priation of $10,845 54 to pay an outstanding
indebtedness on account of the Indian servico
in Montana Territory; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
DISTRICT LUNATIC ASYLUM
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, in answer to the resolu
tion of the House of February 11,1870, trans-
; raitting copies of all papers, reports, and pro-
■ ! ceedings in the recent investigation of charges
, against the officer having charge of the lunatic
: asylum of this District; which was referred
' to the Committee on the Judiciary.
FREEDMEN's CrtUSAU.
i The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Superin-
'! tendent of the Freedmen's Bureau and Aban-
I doned Lands, in answer to a resolution of the
ji House of February 11, 1870, in relation to the
! amount expended in the execution of said
j office; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
ORDNANCE DEPOT AT CIIEYEXNE.
i The SPEAKER also, by unanimous conseut,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
j tary of War, transmitting a communication from
the Governor of the Territory of Wyoming in
. relation to the establishment of an ordnance
. depot at Cheyenne, in the said Territory ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
itary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
! HOUSE OF CORRECTION.
TheSPEAKERalso, byunanimousconsent,
i laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
' tary of the Interior, transmitting copies of two
communications from the president of the
board of the house of correction for boys,
requesting that application be made to Con-
gress for an appropriation of $'23,000 for the
benefit of said institution; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and or-
i' dered to be printed.
INDIAN CLAIMS.
i TheSPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
1 laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
i tary of the Interior, recommending an appro-
priation to pay certain claims against the Indian
service that have been allowed and partly set-
tled to the extent of the funds on hand; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
, tions, and ordered to be printed.
SAVANNAH RIVER.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
; tary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
' House of February 8,1870, transmitting report
! of the chief of engineers upon the navigablo
; condition of the Savannah river; which was
jj referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ji ordered to be printed.
INDIAN AFFAIRS IN OREGON.
I The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
j laid before the House a letter from the acting
• j Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in answer to
■ the resolution of the House of February 15,
1870, in relation to the report of the Indian
j superintendent upon Indian affairs in Oregon;
J which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
: priations, and ordered to be printed.
EMPLOYES IN TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting a statement
: exhibiting the names of clerks and other per-
1 sens employed in the office of the Secretary
of the Treasury and the different bureaus ot
