1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
would contain an unmistakable judgment of its
unconstitutionality, which the Congress would
not expect to be obeyed or affirmed, except
under that compulsion of force which always
waits upon revolution.
But in every case where Congress claims to
legislate in pursuance of its powers under the
Constitution its judgment in the passage of a
bill has the authority and force I attribute to it;
authority and force not exhausted at the mo-
ment when the bill becomes a law, but going
with and abiding in it while it stands unrepealed.
This appears to me upon the following grounds:
1. When the people delegate to Congress their
sovereign legislative power, every incident of the
exercise of that power in the enactment of laws
is as much the act of the sovereignty as the laws
themselves. The judgment of constitutionality
rendered by Congress in enacting a law being
necessarily incident to it, nay, its very founda-
tion, is therefore as much the judgment of the
sovereignty as the form of the lw is its act.
And because it is the judgment of the sovereign-
ty it is the highest in authority that can be ren-
dered, and therefore not subject to review and
reversal except by the sovereignty itself, es-
pecially not by a tribunal which does not como
from or represent the people.
Sir, in a popular national government there
is eminent propriety in ascribing this high au-
thority to such a judgment of the people's dircet
representatives. They express the opinion of
the people, which in a republic is the final ar-
biter of all constitutional as well as other ques-
tions. They come from all parts of the coun-
try and from all classes of people, representing
in themselves all interests, all professions, all
branches of business, all casts of mind, and all
phases of opinion and belief. They constitute
the ouly body of men in the Government who
regularly return to and mingle with the people,
feel thebeatof the popular heart, learn the pop-
ular opinion, know the popular wants, and re-
flect the popular mind. Tliey, therefore, better
than any other collection ofmen,ean express the
popular judgment as well as the popular will.
Jn a Government professedly based on the
supremacy of that judgment and that will why
should such a body of men subordinate the
people's judgment, as formed and expressed by
themselves under the people's authority, to that
of another body of men to whom the people
have given no express supremacy, and who are
charged with other duties and wholly different
responsibilities? Sir, I can lind no warrant for
this in the Constitution, in the principles of
popular government, or in the fitness of things,
and I therefore hold to the position that the
judgment of Congress on the constitutionality
of its acts, except in eases of plain and self-
evident violation of tho Constitution, is the
judgment of the sovereignty, tho highest that
can be rendered in the premises, and there-
fore final and conclusive upon the courts as
upon every other department of the Govern-
ment.
2. It is a legal principle as old as the com-
mon law, if not older, that when the right to
judge and decide in the first instance any
matter of law or fact is by law vested in any
officer or body, and nolaw provides for a re-
view by some other tribunal of the decision
of such officer or body, such decision is final
and cannot be moved. As has been shown,
the right and duty of Congress to judge and
decide in the first instance the question of
the constitutionality of any bill is clear, and
as no law in or out of the Constitution pro-
vides for a review of its judgment by any
other tribunal, it is incapable of question and
must stand.
3. That an act of Congress binds the whole
executive department of the Government.,
from the President down to tho humblest offi-
cer, and that all in that department are abso-
lutely barred and precluded from questioning
its constitutionality, can never admit of the
least dispute. Docs tho Constitution give it
that force only as to executive officers? Dots
it anywhere say that the judicial officers are
not equally barred and precluded from such
question ? Are they of all the forty thousand
Government officials the only ones authorized
by the Constitution to overrule the judgment
of the supreme legislative authority of the
nation? If so there must be somewhere an
Ita lex scripta est for it; and where is it ? Sir,
it cannot be found, for it does not exist.
4. It will, I suppose, be conceded that Con-
gress is at least entitled to as much respect
from the judiciary as the judiciary claims from
it. Were Congress to pass an act declaring that
the Supreme Court had in a particular case put
a wrong construction upon the Constitution,
and that its judgment therein should therefore
be reversed, it would be declared by the court
a usurpation of judicial power, subversive of
its rights and of the respect due to it as a part
of a coordinate branch of the Government.
But when an act of Congress comes before the
court it takes other and higher ground, and de-
mands a measure of respect for itself which it
denies to Congress; in one word, asserts its
exclusive and superior right to interpret the
Constitution, and carries this right to the point
of supervision of Congress^ in its legislation.
I do not mean supervision in tho business of
legislation, or generally of the laws enacted ;
but I do mean that the annulment of an act for
unconstitutionality by a judgment in a pending
suit is in that case an act of supervision, reach-
ing back to the passage of the law, by declaring
that Congress in passing it violated tho Consti-
tution; and reaching forward by dealing such
a blow to what Congress designed for perma-
nent existence and operation us that thence-
forth its influence as a law is withered, and the
gup thus made in legislation must be filled by
somo new law framed by Congress to avoid the
objections of the court. In this it is demanded
that Congress shall acquiesce out of respect to
tho judiciary. And this may be repeated and
repeated and still repeated, with ever-recur-
ring demand for acquiescence, until the statute-
books of the nation will be full of the bleached
skeletons of laws which died of the judiciary ;
laws perhaps covering the highest and most
important powers of Congress under the Con-
stitution. Whence, sir, is the title of the judi-
ciary to this greater measure of respect, this
higher power, this imperial ascendency over
the supreme Legislature of the nation? It were
hardly credible that it rests only in an implica-
tion found by the judiciary itself and never yet
affirmed or even recognized by Congress. To
say that such an implication wars against every
principle of independence in the several de-
partments of the Government., is to adopt the
mildest form of characterization.
5. ] f any general truth in regard to the Gov-
ernment may bo said to be more pronounced
than others, it is this : that all its parts were
designed and expected to move together in
harmony. Framed with three distinct depart-
ments, it could not have been supposed that
cither would ever attempt to arrest or control
tho acts of any other, except as the control of
the whole might be cxercised by the legislative
authority through its laws. For one to cross
the path of another interferingly could only
precipitate confusion and strife, endangering
the whole fabric. Least of all could it have
been conjectured that either the executive or
the judicial department would assume to re-
verse the judgment of the legislative upon the
constitutionality of its own acts; for such a
proceeding by the Executive would lead to
instant impeachment, and by the judiciary,
however long borne with by Congress, would
some time inevitably provoke a serious if not
disastrous collision.
The certain tendency to such a result is to
my mind conclusive against the claim of the
judiciary to such a right, by implication. An
implied power in one department must be con-
sistent and harmonious with the powers vested
in other departments. If its exercise must
tend to discord and conflict, avoidable only
by passive if not ignoble submission in the
department whose province is invaded, then
the implication is against and not for it, and
the claim based upon it falls with it to the
ground. So, in my opinion, should fall this
claim of the judiciary.
From all thus presented in regard to the
judgment of Congress upon the constitution-
ality of its acts it results that whether the
position taken by the court in the following
sentences sustains its asserted right depends
at last upon the authority and effect of that
judgment. The court say:
"If a law bo in opposition to the Constitution^ if
both the law and tho Constitution apply to a partic-
ular ease, so that tho court must either dccide that
easo conformably to the law, disregarding the Con-
stitution, or conformably to the Constitution, disre-
garding the law, the court must determine which
of these conflicting rules governs the case. This is
of the very essence of judicial duty."
As we have seen, the passage of an act pal-
pably and self-evidently violative of the Con-
stitution would import no judgment of Con-
gress in favor of its constitutionality, but a
judgment of the exactly contrary character, to
be sustained and executed only by revolution-
ary force. It seems to me quite impossible to
regard it as anything but an outbreak of revo-
lution. Under such circumstances it could no
more be supposed that the question of its con-
stitutionality would be allowed to come before
tho courts for their adjudication than that the
revolutionary government of the late rebel
States would have permitted any court in those
States to pronounce their ordinances of seces-
sion repugnant to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and therefore void. But if it could
be supposed possible that Congress, having
entered upon the work of revolution, would
suffer the constitutionality of its act to be
passed upon judicially, then it is conceded
that the courts would not be precluded from
holding the act unconstitutional, but might
adjudge it to be what Congress itself proclaimed
it, a revolutionary infraction of the Constitu-
tion. Then would ensue a conflict between
the two powers, that of Congress on the one
hand pressing revolution, and that of the
courts on the other attempting by judicial
power to stay it. It is easy to see which
would triumph.
But this by no means sustains the claim of
right in the courts to declare an act of Con-
gress unconstitutional and void where tho re-
pugnancy between it and the Constitution is a
matter of opinion; the act appearing to have
been passed in pursuance of the Constitution,
aud the repugnancy, if any, discoverable only
by argument anddcduction, or, as the Supremo
Court say, "just interpretation." There it is
not a "judicial duty" for the court to disre-
gard a superior judgment in the premises; but
its duty is to lay aside its own opinion and act
upon that of its superior. If, then, as I think
has been conclusively shown, the judgment of
Congress is the highest that can be rendered
on that subject, the court is as much bound to
receive it as final as a circuit court would be
to submit to the judgment of the Supreme
Court, however erroneous it might be in the
opinion of the circuit judge. Either this, or the
Supreme Court is superior to Congress: I can
see no middle ground.
But it will, of course, be demanded, Does
not all this mean omnipotence in Congress?
If by that is meant such omnipotence as is
attributed to the British Parliament, unre-
strained by a written constitution, I answer,
no. It means simply that degree of omnip-
otence which the Constitution vests in Con-
gress, to wit, the supreme legislative power
within a prescribed sphere of action.
But it is urged that giving to Congress the
exclusive right to judge whether its acts are
authorized by the Constitution makes it in
effect omnipotent, and unless there be some
other tribunal to revise the judgment of Con-
gress, it is in fact omnipotent. This objection
should receive fair consideration and answer,
and I will endeavor to answer it.
