1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G1LOBE.
3291
belligerent, that the ancient mother will fly to
the rescue. ,
The American soil has not, however, proved
favorable to the perpetuity of colonies. Eu-
ropean nations, one after another, have had
their names erased from the western continent,
and if some tattered remains of feudal con-
quests still linger, the memory of former po-
litical and commercial vassalage commends
neither a close nor a perpetual alliance with
Powers which have so relentlessly sought to
squeeze wealth out of their poverty. It haa
been judicially declared that to breathe the air
of England makes every man a freeman. How
long will the same air continue to make every
colonist a subject of British subjects?
A recent English writer, Viscount Bury, M.
P., is forced to declare that—
"At the commencement of the war of independ-
ence America could import nothing except in Eng-
lish ship.*; she could export nothing oxcept to Eng-
land and Scotland; she could not even send her surplus
poods to Ireland, noreonlrl «ho import any coumiodi- |
tics except from Great Britain."
Mast we be blamed for lack of faith in the
modern economical doctrines of a nation which
abandoned such a commercial tyranny as her
own writers now confess this to have keen
only after a seven years' war? Disinherited :
of their conquests, it is no marvel that they !
should seek compensation through the subtle-
ties and straterry of some free trade specula-
tion. If the former colonies would only adopt
this policy all that was most desired by impe-
rial rulers, hy Lord North or his master, would
be accomplished, and that without cost. But
'* doth a wise man utter vain knowledge and fill
his belly with the east wind ?" Let us wait and
see.
Formerly the colonies were treated as pre-
serves, where the game was kept for the priv-
ileged classes of the mother country. Then the
colonists were stripped of all they earned, bat
were allowed a frugal support. Now the
mother country, grown more acute by her mis-
fortunes in war, wants the same preserves,
whether the former colonists can support them-
selves or not.
Adam Smith, the author of the Wealth of
Nations, printed his work at the commence-
ment of the year 1776, while the American colo-
nies were sternly refusing to contribute reve-
nue to the support of the Government of Great
Britain, wherein they were not represented, and
the last words of that renowned work were as
follows:
"If any of the provinces of the British empire can-
not be made to contribute towards the support of the
whole empire, it is surely timo that Ureat Britain
should free herself from the expense of defending
those provinces in time of war, and of supporting
any part of their civil or military establishments in
time of peace, and endeavor to accommodate her
future views and designs to the real mediocrity of
her circumstances."
The stinging reproach at the end of these
last words was intended to shame the British
nation into a more energetic attitude. The
great free trader insisted that the colonies
should not have free trade, but mast pay or
fight. The colonies must be made to con-
tribute or Great Britain must resign itself to
mediocrity. This shows not only that the
questions of 1776 survive to the present day,
but that the only policy which dictates the
role of colonial establishments was and is
that of tribute, either in the direct form of
'ateg or monopolies of trade. When these
f-fase, motherly affection vanishes, and the
w? 8eParat'on '8 debated without a pang.
What are moderate tariffs, compared with the
protection to manufactures, which has been
f " l '8 8t'" lavished in expenditures
01 the maintenance and defense of colonial
Markets? The expenditures in India are annu-
ally from eight to twelve million dollars in
excess of the revenue; but Great Britain has
t^e there, and her school of practice, like
"e dissecting-rooms for stndents of surgery,
her CHve, Hastings, and Wellington 1 Aus-
ttalia and New Zealand, the West Indies and
wyron, Africa and the Canadas, Labrador and
tho Cape' of Good Hope, Columbia and one
hundred and fifty million of therice-fed race of
India, are all made to minister to the power of
Great Britain, to maintain and retain at home,
though in the lowliest condition, eight to ten
millions more of people than it would be possible
to maintain but for the constrained assistance
of these millions of inferior foreign people who
are subjugated and emaciated by British free
trade. The protection given to British manu-
factures is measured by the cost of the motto,
" Britannia rules the waves," orof theperpetual
drum beat around the globe to guard these
colonial markets, and is dearer than any ever
dreamed of in any American tarifF.
IRELAND THKS AM) SOW.
Before the union of Ireland with England
Irish manufactures were protected. Since then
protection from time to time has been removed.
Ireland formerly abounded in linen and carpet
manufactures. They wove silk, printed cali-
cos, combed wool, and the people were pros-
perous. Ever since the act of union Ireland
has had forced upon her free trade with
and the competition of her richer and more
skilled neighbors, the English and the Scotch;
and what is the result ? Irish manufactures
are extinguished, and Ireland, the emerald
gem of the ocean, is a national pauper. Its
land, once occupied by its owners, is now only
occupied by tenants. Beeves, sheep, and grain
are abundant, but they are shipped to England,
> while the native-born Irish are too poor to
help themselves to anything but potatoes, riots,
! rows, and revenge. This example of free trade
I at the very doors of England I commend to
the study of all true Americans, and especially
of Irish Americans.
It is clear that our revenue must be raised
either by duties upon foreign importations or
by some system of internal and direct taxa-
tion. Internal taxes are very efficient when
briefly resorted to in an overwhelming emer-
gency; but for ordinary service oar late expe-
rience of their onerous character will not be
likely to lead to their permanent retention;
and whenever the revenue can be safety relin-
quished the major part of such taxes will be
quickly abandoned. There is, then, no prob-
ability that duties upon imports as a perma-
nent sonrce of revenue will soon be dropped.
Internal or direct taxes must first become
obsolete. The only questions remaining are
whether the tariff at the present time is a
source adequate to our wants or not, and
whether it shall be so husbanded as to retain
if not to enlarge the number of people now
employed in mechanical and manufacturing
pursuits, or otherwise. A tariff for revenue
alone is one that disregards all the interests of
labor and all investments of American capital.
It merely takes care of the Government, and
ignores the general welfare. A tariff for pro-
tection is one that levies duties npon articles
which to some extent are or can be produced
at home, and which it is desirable in larger
, measure to have produced at home. Home
labor is thus protected and encouraged. A
tariff for protection as well as revenue makes
a discrimination in favor of our own people
| against all strangers, and sometimes imposes
; a higher rate, although securing no more rev-
enue than a lower one, because it may be
necessary to shield some young and struggling
industry from the merciless competition of the
world at large. Our annual importations-of
dutiable foreign merchandise cannot be ex-
!j pected to go much beyond $400,000,000. Last
II year, stimulated by a large export of bonds,
!i they were $416,718,994; and the amount of
|! revenue indispensable from the tariff is $150,-
;| 000,000 to $160,000,000. It is thus apparent
ji that the average rate of duties must be not
j less than 37} to 40 per cent, in order to secure
ll even the lowest amount of revenue required.
This opens a field wide enough for protection,
and discloses the grave of free trade. The
present average rate of duty upon importa-
tions is less than 42 per cent. This presents a
narrow field of battle for the conflict of opin-
ions. Duties removed in one place must be
added in some other. The common sense of
our people will only demand that we adjust, the
tariff wisely, yielding nothing to mere class self-
ishness, but everything to the general welfare.
For some years to come the demands npon
the Treasury will be of such magnitude ns to
require a large snm to be raised from duties
upon foreign merchandise. These duties have
been solemnly pledged for the payment of the
interest and principal of the public debt. Low
duties will not raise the requisite amount of
revenue, and these must remain at much higher
rates than would be necessary if protection
were the only object, or if only one half the
sum was required. And our experience now,
after trying tho experiment, shows that every
increase of the tariff has brought an increased
revenue. The question comes up, can we with
propriety avail ourselves of the opportunity
forced upon us in raising this revenue to con-
tinue or to make some proper discriminations
in favor of our own people as against outside
nations? There is ample room to do this and
still keep far within the boundaries of prohibi-
tion, which may be called absolute protection.
If -we have any duties that are practically pro-
hibitory, then let them be diminished. All pro-
tection, and no revenue, is neither demanded
by our circumstances nor by any portion of our
people. Nothing more is wanted than a chance
for fair competition. Let us give manufactures
a reasonable hope for prosperity, but no power
to become our masters.
PROTKCTIOK HOST NEEDED SOUTH AHD WRST.
There are many establishments started in
the West, and, since the close of the war, in
the South, in consequence of our war tariff.
To cut down the tariff largely at once, beyond
the unquestionable fact that the revenue can-
not be spared, would be to strangle in the
cradle these new and extensive enterprises
which our policy has invited. Such a course
would be even more unjust to the men thus
employed than to their employers.
The data for any statement as to the aston-
ishing development of manufactures in the
West and South are not obtainable; bnt last
August an exhibition of textile fabrics was
held at Cincinnati, representing one hundred
and fifty-five exhibitors from twenty States by
over three thousand sampleK of piece goods.
A more extensive exhibition even might have
been made in other departments of manufac-
tures.
Let us not rudely crush out the many thou-
sands of hopeful enterprises bnt just started
where they are as much needed as educators
of the people as auxiliaries of their material
prosperity.
The action of the States of Maine and Ver-
mont—neither of them especially manufac-
turing States—shows that in the judgment of
their respective Legislatures the encourage-
ment given to the manufacturing interests of
the country has not been too great, for both of
these States have offered and now offer, beyond
the protection found in the tariff, additional
inducements to all that may be established
within their limits. Maine, by statute of
March 8, 1834, enacts that all manufactures
thereafter commenced shall be exempt from
taxation for ten years, provided the towns in
which they are located consent to the same.
Vermont, by statute of November 21, 1867,
has the same provision for five years. These
States thus invite manufactures - because they
know the advantages which would accrue to
their people. If such statutes are wise in
Maine and Vermont, why not in South Caro-
lina and Alabama? Other States through
manufactures have largely increased their
wealth and population, and Vermont and
Maine feel very much as did Themistocles
when he declared " that the trophies of Milti-
ades would not allow him to sleep."
The leaders of public opinion in the South
have heretofore persistently denounced all
