1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5179
mine is a combination of individual and gov-
ernmental agency for the public good. The
committee have thought beat, in order that the
whole subject may be before the committee
and Congress during the recess, to have the
two bills, with all the accompanying papers,
printed in full and recommitted to the com-
mittee. I therefore move that the bill I have
reported, with the report accompanying it, be
recommitted, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. As these reports are pre-
sented, not for action, but for the information
of the House, I move the adoption of the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House ten thousand copies of the reports and accom-
panying documents on the subject of a postal tele-
graph.
The resolution was adopted.
paying pennsylvania avenue
Mr. COOK. I rise to a privileged question,
and submit the following conference report.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House (No.2275) to provide
for paving Pennsylvania avenue,having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do reoommend to their icspective Houses, that
the House recede from their disagreement to the
amendment of the Senate, and agree to thesamc.
BURTONC. COOK,
1?ERNAND0 WOOD,
M. WELKER,
Managers oil the part of the House.
H. HAMLIN.
WM. M. STEWART,
GEORGE VICKERS.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to have the
gentleman state to the House what the amend-
ments are to which it is recommended that the
House agree.
Mr. COOK. They are to allow the railroad
company to select the same material between
the tracks as between the rails, there being
something in their charter requiring it.
The report was adopted.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was adopted ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER 01? BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. 1 ask leave to present one
or two bills to carry out decrees of United
States courts. They are Senate bills.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to make a statement
in regard to the election case now pending.
There is an earnest wish expressed to have a
morning hour this morning. _ The Committee
of Elections are willing to give an hour this
morning for that purpose, if the House ^ are
willing, by unanimous consent, to permit it to
take up another election case after that which
is now pending has been disposed of. I am
bound to say to the House that the case now
pending will be longer than I supposed it would
be, because the parties on both sides desire to
address the House. I propose to have a morn-
ing hour this morning if the House will by
unanimous consent allow the Committee of
Elections to dispose of one more case. And I
also wish it to be understood that when I give
a morning hour this morning it is only to be
one hour; I do not wish the previous n -,estion
called, and the case consume the whole day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
how such an understanding could be enforced.
If the previous question be called toward the
close of the morning hour the bill must be dis-
posed of one way or the other.
Mr. JULIAN. The Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, which is the next committee to be
called, would prefer rather to have a morning
hour to morrow than to-day.
\ir. PAINE. I made the motion at the
request of the jentleman from Indiana, and I
now wiihdraw'it. I yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
schooner l. s. dayis.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Appropriations
a bill (S. No. 971) to carry into effect the de-
cree of the circuit court of the United States
for the southern district of New York in the
case of the schooner L. S. Davis and her cargo.
It is for the purpose of carrying out a decree
of the circuit court of the United States for the
southern district of New York.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury, out of any money
not otherwise appropriated, to pay into the
circuit court of the United States for the south-
ern district of New York in the suit therein of
Alexander M. Douglass, libelant, against the
schooner L. S. Davis, her tackle and cargo,
the United States claimants, the sum of
$21,371 20, being the amount of the decree
to the libelant in that cause against the claim-
ants, to be disposed of by the court according
to the decree therein.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the bill will be considered read three times
and passed.
Mr. BANKS. I object. Several bills of
this character, reported by the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, have been objected to by the
Committee on Appropriations. These matters
ought to be considered together.
Mr. DAWES. I will state to my colleague
[Mr. Banks] that the several bills I propose
to report have, with the exception of the one
just read, been passed by the Senate. They
have been submitted anew to the Departments
by the Committee on Appropriations, and the
Departments urge their passage.
Mr. BANKS. No doubt these bills are
right; but the Committee on Foreign Affairs
have never been allowed to present a bill of
this kind, on account of objections from the
committee represented by my colleague, [Mr.
Dawes.] I think that bills of this kind ought
to be considered together.
Mr. DAWES. Does my colleague propose
to retaliate upon me for the objections made
by other members of the Committee on Appro-
priations?
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; I simply object.
Mr. DAWES. I have never objected to
propositions of this kind when presented by
by colleague. Does he persist in his objec-
tion?
Mr. BANKS. I do.
Mr. PAINE. I propose now to yield to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stokes.]
Mr. DAWES. I call for the regular order.
message from the senate,
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sy.mpson,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate agreed to the amendments of the House
to the following bills :
A bill (S. No. 789) to authorize the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle and
close the account of Hititon Rowan Helper ; and
A bill (S. No. 893) to establish an additional
land district in the State of Kansas.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, bills and a
joint resolution of the House of the following
titles :
A bill (II. 11. No. 2000) to declare the con-
struction of section fifty-five of an act entitled
"An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and^ to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," approved June 3, 1804, and oi acts
amendatorv thereof, and to amend the same;
A bill (II. R. No. 2311) granting a pension
to Enoch Lytle ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2235) granting a pension
to Francis M. Davis; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. £55) granting
four pieces of condemned cannon to the city
of Lowell, for the ornamentation of the sol-
diers' monument m that place.
The message furtherannounced that the Sen-
ate insisted upon its amendments to the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 109) amendatory of
the joint resolution for the relief of certain
officers of the Army, which amendments had
been disagreed to by the House, agreed to the
conference asked by the House on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereou ; and that
Mr. Carpenter, Mr. Stewart, and Mr. Tucft-
man had been appointed as the conferees on
the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate insisted on its amendments to the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 196) for the reliefot'Edward
Clark and the heirs and legal representatives
of John T. Peabody, deceased; which amend-
ments had been disagreed to by the House,
agreed to the conference asked by the House on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon;
and that, Mr. Wilson, Mr. TnAYBR, and Mr.
Johnston bad been appointed as the conferees
on behalf of the Senate.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested, of the following
titles:
A bill (S. No. 1018) authorizing the estab-
lishmentof water meters for the Potomac water,
the laying of an additional main from the dis-
tributing reservoir of the Washington aque-
duct, and for other purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 10-10) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to establish a police court for the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes,"
approved June 17, 1870.
election contest baiinbs vs. adams.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House resumes the considera-
tion of the contested-election case of Barnes
vs. Adams, from the eighth district of Ken-
tucky. The resolutions reported by the major-
ity of the Committee of Elections will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That George M. Adams was duly elected
as Representative in the forty-First Congress from
the eighth district of Kentucky, and he is entitled to
retain his seat as such.
Resolved, That Sidney M. Barnes,having contested
the seat of Hon. (Jeorgo M. Adams, as a Represent-
ative m this House from the eighth district ol Ken-
tucky, in good faith and with probable cause, there
shall be paid to him out of the contingent tund of
the House of Representatives the sum ot dollars,
iu full for his expenses in such contest.
Mr. McCRARY. Mr. Speaker, I was observ-
ing on Saturday evening when interrupted by a
motion to adjourn that notwithstanding the
voluminous character of this record I believed
that if the House would give me its attention
I could, without wearying its patience, state all
the material points in the case. _ I hope the
House will give its attention. It is due to the
parties to this contest—it is due to the parties
in every contest involving the right to a seat in
this House—that every gentleman who is to
cast a vote upon the subject should consider it
fairly, candidly, and judicially.
The first question presented by the record U
as to the right of persons who were soldiers in
the rebel service to vote in the State of Ken-
tucky. 1 presume there will be little, if any,
discussion upon this question, although a very
large part of the record is taken up by testi-
mony upon the point. The committee have
reported to the House that these persons were
legal voters in that State; and I presume the
correctness of the conclusion will not be seri-
ously questioned. There is no statute in Ken-
tucky which disfranchises persons who have
served as soldiers in the rebel army. It is a
well-known fact that in many of the States of
the Uuiou such persons are legal voters. They
are so in the State where I reside. They are
so iu every State where there is no statute to
disfranchise them. The Constitution of the
United States provides that—
"The House of Representatives shall he composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States; and the electors in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of
the most numerous branch of the State Legislature.
So that the only inquiry in this case is
i whether these persons are electors under the
