1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4235
debt" shall not be " a national blessing " it
will be an evil out of which some good at least
may come.
I offer the following amendment as a substi-
tute lor the bill :
it cnacted, &c., That the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to issue registered bonds of
the united States, of the denomination of $100, or
any multiple thereof, to the amount of $103,000,000,
redeemable in gold coin, of equal value and fineness
with the present gold coin of tile United States, four-
* teen ye.i:'s from date, bearing yearly interest, pay-
able ill Uwlul money at the rate of two per cent.,
exempt irom all taxes or assessments under the au-
thority of the United States, or under any State,
municipal, or local authority, which bonds shall be
cxeunngod, par for par, for an equal amount of the
outstanding bonds of the United States known as the
five-twenty bonds. And the bonds so to bo issued,
oi any of tliem, shall bo convertible, at the pleasure
of the holder, mto an equal amount of United States
notes, which shall bo a legal tender in payment of
all debts, public and private, as fully as the present
outstanding United States notes, and the same shall
be inconvertible into such bonds, alike convertible
and inconvertible at all times, until finally paid.
And said bonds shall ho deemed lawful money of the
United States for the purpose of the reserve funds,
required by section thirty ol'_tlie act of Congress of
June 3, 1861, to provide a national currency, secured
by a jdedge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof. And
it shall bo the duty of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, within ninety days, to r^tloem and cancel the
f'15,530,000 outstanding three per cent, certificates
issued under the acts of March 2,1807, and July 25,
1868, or sucli amount as may be outstanding.
Mr. STEVENSON obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. WELKEIt, who offered an amendment
to strike out sections one, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight, nine, and twelve of the bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I yield also to my col-
league from Ohio, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, to make a
S ttl 161X1PII fc
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have to thank
my colleague [Mr. Stevenson] for his court-
esy m allowing me to make a statement before
he proceeds with his remarks. The Committee
on Banking and Currency this morning directed
me to offet an amendment, concerning which I
wish to say a word. I shall merely state what
it is. When we introduced this bill there was
no funding bill pending in the House. But
now that a funding bill has been intioduced,
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
the Committee on Banking and Currency have
authorized me to offer an amendment striking
out the three sections—sections three, four,
and live—which relate to funding, and com-
pelling the banks to accept the four and a half
per cent, bonds as the basis of circulation,with
an additional section which will allow all the
banking circulation which may be issued under
this bill, on the bonds now existing, or that
may hereafter be authorized in any funding
bill, to stand on precisely the same ground as
the circulation of the other banks of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. STEVENSON. The amendment re-
ported by the chairman of the committee
removes my chief objection to this bill, which
•was that it proposed to increase the funded
interest-bearing debt of the country. The effect
of (he amendment, as I understand it, is to
remove that objection.
Mr. GAUI'iELD, of Ohio. It does so en-
tirely.
.Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to ask my col-
league [Mr. Uaufieui] if be strikes out the
last clause of the secor,J section of the bill ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. J do not strike
out any pint of the second section.
Mr. STEVENSON. I apprehend the object
of the amendment to be as it is stated, and
presume the committee will accomplish that
objec t by the amendment proposed.-
The first of my remaining objections is, that
it foiiti'aets when it should expand. Ihe chair-
man of the committee claims that, the effect of
the bill -will be, not contraction, but rather
expansion. One membpr of the committee,
Ihe jroi.tlemaii who has just taken his seat,
[Mr. Brncinan,] admits that it will contract
to the extent of jUUiOO.Ol'O. Wc want 110 uncer-
tain sound. The House baa spoken for expan-
sion, and instructed the committee to report
a bill increasing the currency $50,000,000;
and the committee brings in this bill, about
which the members cannot agree among them-
selves, and which in my judgment is practical
contraction.
Mr. ALLISON. And is this bill not con-
traction in another sense ? The three per cent,
certificates are now used as bank reserves.
They are to be withdrawn, as well as $50^000,-
000 of greenbacks. Therefore that amount is
to be taken out of the circulation, for it leaves
just so much less legal tender with which to
redeem the national bank notes that may be
in circulation.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am not enamored of
any wild theory of inflation. But we need,
and we shall need, I hope, in this growing
Republic continued moderate expansion of the
currency for many years to come; and this
because the country itself, its business, its
property, and its population are, and are long
to be, one grand growth and expansion.
We are told that we cannot have this policy
because the Senate will not consent. Perhaps
the Senate may have more power than we. I
will not now argue that question nor consider
which House should govern on such questions.
But if we cannot have reasonable expansion,
we will not accept contraction ; if we cannot
go forward, we will not go backward ; if wc
cannot advance with the country, we will not
retreat. A nd perhaps on this question of expan-
sion or contraction of the currency, there being
so much uncertainty, so much diversity of opin-
ion, it may be that the safest and the best thing,
and probably the only thing we can do, is to
stand still and maintain the existing volume of
currency until we can seo the way open before
us for moderate and well-regulated expansion.
My remaining objection to the bill, and to
almost every practicable proposition made in
lieu of it, is that it proposes to substitute an
inferior for a superior currency. However good
national bank currency may be, that of Uni-
ted States notes is better. The United States
note is the foundation on which the value of
the national bank note rests.
My colleague [Mr. G akmuld, of Ohio] shows
with great force the manifold security which
the holder of the national bank note enjoys.
But to what end has he that security ? To the
end that he may go to the bank and obtain a
Treasury note ; that is all. The best the na-
tional bank note holder can get with all his
double and triple security is a United States
note in exchange for his bank note. Hence,
he must look to his security and make his
journey to the bank in order to put himself
in the same situation he would have occupicd
with a United States note in his hand. So long
as this is the case the United States note must
be better than the bank note. It is better
because it is the nation's note, because the
people prefer it, because it is more uniform. I
know it has been wounded "in the house of
its friends," denied by its putative father,
rejected by the man whose image it bears,
and rests under a passing cloud of the dis-
favor of the court. Yet it survives and circu-
lates freely, and is belter in the eyes and
hearts of the people than any substit ute.
I now yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ingeiisoll,] who
has bad so little opportunity to expand his
views. [Laughter.]
Mr. INGEliSOLL. How many minutes has
the gentleman left ; ten minutes?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Aiibler..)
There are five minutes of the gentleman's time
remaining.
MKfSAGIS FROM THE SfiXATB.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gob-
IIam, its Secretary, informed the House that
the Senr-te had passed, without amendment, a
bill of the House of the following title ;
A bill (II. II. No. 2115) providing for the
appointment of an Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at Baltimore.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested, of the following
title: -
A bill (S. No. 742) to provide for changing
the boundaries of land districts.
BANKING FACILITIES.
The House resumed the consideration of tha
bill to provide increased banking facilities, &c.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoix] is entitled
to the floor for the five minutes remaining of
the time of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stevenson.]
Mr. IN GERSOLLagain addressed fcheHonse
in remarks for which see Appendix.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I had talten
it for granted that the bill now before the House
would receive the support of all gentlemen
interested in the banking system ; that those
identified with that system would regard the
provisions of the bill as eminently favorable to
the bankers. But I find that a large number
of gentlemen on this floor who are identified
with the banking institutions as bank presidents
and otherwise are, in the interests of the banks,
opposed to the bill; and knowing that a large
number of members will oppose it in the inter-
ests of the people, I take it for granted that the?
bill will fail. But, Mr. Speaker, while the sub-
ject is before the House, I wish to call attention
to the general provisions of this measure which
even the banks will not accept.
This bill proposes to increase the national
bank currency by the addition of $95,000,000,
reducing to the sameextent the currency issued
by the Government—the $45,540,000 of three
per cent, certificates and the greenback cur-
rency to the extent at least of $49,400,000.
it proposes that the Government shall issue
bonds bearing four and ahalf per cent, interest,
payable, principal and interest, in coin, and
absolutely exempted, principal and interest,
from all taxation, State or national, while they
have the advantage, greatly adding to their
value, of running twenty-five years; and on these
bonds the Government to issue national bank
currency to the extent of ninety per cent, of the
bonds deposited, and that the currency thus fur-
nished by the Government upon these valuable
bonds, drawing one and a half per cent, more
interest thanispaidby any Government ofreeog-
nized credit in the world, is to be subjected to
only nbagatelleo( taxation—one quarter of ono
per cent, every six months, or one half of one per
cent, yearly. Thus the capitalist who thinks
proper to take $100,000 of these bonds bearing
four and a half per cent, interest, and payable,
principal and interest, half yearly in coin, and
exempt, principal and interest, from all taxa-
tion, is to receivc as a bonus from the Govern-
ment §90,000 in national bank paper furnished
at the expense of the people, and subject only
to the pitiful tax of one half of one per cent,
annually—a permanent monopoly for twenty-
five years. The mere statement of the fact is
stronger than any argument that can be sub-
mitted against it.
These gentlemen, paying one fourth of ono
per cent, every six months for this currency,
will loan it out, as shown by the reports of the
national banks now before us, to the laboring
men and the business community of the coun-
try at rates ranging from seven per cent, to
fifteen per cent. This bill contemplates the
early withdrawal of the United States notes,
the greenbacks, and the substitution of national
bank paper, giving to some two thousand na-
tional bank's (there are now sixteen hundred
and seventeen) the absolute control of t.ie
money and financial affairs of the entire coun-
try—a power greater than was ever before
wielded iu any country since the orgarn-zalioa
of civil government. .
I have before me a statement oi the Bank o.
England covering a period of over one hun-
