1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1403
the Treasury Depart inert during theyear 18G9,
ami tho amount of compensation received by
each. ns required hv tho eleventh section of the
act of August 26. 1S12; which was referred to
the Committee on Retrenchment, and ordered
tc bo printed.
fcr-seal fisheries.
The SPEAKER also, byunanimousconscnt,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting, in answer to
the"resolution of the House of trie 9th instant,
s-o much of the report of Vincent Collyer. spe-
cial Indian commissioner, ns rehUes to the fur-
seal fisheries in Alaska; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
am kit 1 can citizens in cuba.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States :
T  the Haute of l!epr«tenint\ve  :
In complianco with tho resolution of tho House
(if iiepreseutatives, requesting me to furnish any
ii'fjituition which may have been received by the
Iroverninent in relation to the recent assault upon
and reported murder «t ono or moic American citi-
zens m Cui>i. I comiuunicatc a report lVom the Scc-
rtarv ot State, with the papers accompanying if.
U. S. UliAN J\
washington, February 11. 1870.
The message and accompanying papers were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
am eric ax claims against spain.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the Ilouie the following message
from the President:
To the llutue of JtepreteiUativea :
In auswer to the resolution of tho llouse of Repre-
sentatives of the 11th instant, I transmit a report
i'roin the Secretary of State, withaccoinpanyingdoc-
uwcuts. U. S. UllANX.
washington, February 1(3, 1370.
Mr. WOOD. What is that about ?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
resolution to which it is an answer.
The Clerk read as follows:
" lletolved. That tho Secretary of State be directed
to furnish this House with the reasons, if any, why
the Spanish Government have not piid in coin,
According to tho treaty ofthc 17th of February.
tbeinterest upon tho claims of American citizens
secured thereby, in Paris, every six months in gold,
.•■wording to article two thereof, and why the same
hag not been distributed to American citizens hold-
ing inscriptions lor such interest issued in pursuance
oi said treaty; and further, whether any portion of
fuch inscriptions has been distributed to creditors
in legal-tender notes, and, if so, who has had the
advautago of such difference between legal-tender
notes and gold or bill of exchange on Paris.''
The message and accompanying documents
were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
legislative, ktc., appropriation bill.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Cessna in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the special order, being the
bill (H. It. No. 974) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1871.
Mr. DAWES. Before the committee pro-
eeeds with the bill, I ask unanimous consent
to go back to page 12 in the bill, to strike out '
in line two hundred and eighty-one, in the
clause in relation to the Court of Claims, the
word "unless" and insert "until;" so that
the proviso will read :
Provided. That no judgment of said court for any
turn exceeding 85,000 shall be paid out of this appro- :
priatinn until the same shall be specifically appro- ,
priated by Congress. j
There was no objection; and the amend- i
ment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question ;
when the committee rose yesterday was on the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. j
farxsworth,] to strike out the following clause |
of the bill: I
In the construction branch of tbe Treasury: for I
iopervising architect, assistant supervising archi- I
tect, ohief clerk, photographer, $2,500; two assistant
photographers, one at &1,600, aud one at $1,200; two
clcrks of class four, four clcrks of class three, three
clcrks of class ono, and one messenger. £26,740.
A formal amendment to the amendment had
been offered, which will be regarded as with-
drawn.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word.
I beg to disagree with the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations when he says
that we have nothing to do with the qualifi-
cations of this officer. I think we have. We
have no control over his appointment, and if
wa have in the employ of the Government a
man who is unfit to have control of the money
of the people, I claim that the only remedy
we have is to refuse the appropriation.
Now, I do not know thi3 man personally;
I have never met him ; but it is my candid
opinion that this Government has'lost during
the last live years millions of dollars by the
incompetency of this supervising architect of
the Treasury. We have no control over him ;
we cannot remove him ; but we can refuse to
make an appropriation to continue him in liis
office. The remarks of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnswoiith] ought to convince
the House that this man is not lit for this posi-
tion. I say, in my place here, that it is a crime
against the peop'e of this country to continue
a man of this kind in a position of this respons-
ibility for which he is not fitted as an archi-
tect, as a business man, U3 an arti.st, or as a
man.
Now, I hold in my hand, and desire to send
to the Clerk's desk to be read, the affidavit of
an old gentleman some sixty years of age,
who holds an inferior position as doorkeeper at
the Treasury Department, upon whom this
man Mullet made an assault the other day. I
desire to have the affidavit of that old gentle-
man read.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to raise a point of
order in relation to that matter. I am aware
of their being complaints against this architect,
but il the affidavit sent to the desk by the gen-
tleman from Iowa is allowed to be read it will
divert this discussion from the object to be
sought in the discussion of this bill. Of course
this supervising architect ought to have an
opportunity of being heard before any decision
is made upon charges which may be preferred
in that way. My point of order is that the
gentleman is out of order in pursuing this line
\ of debate, and I object to the reading of the
affidavit.
The CHAIRMAN. It is almost impossible
for the Chair to decide whether the paper
objected to would be in order, because the
Chair does not know what it is.
Mr. BINGHAM. The Chair can examine
the paper sufficiently to decide that question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will sustain
the point of order made by the gentleman from
■ Ohio, [Mr. Welker.] An account of per-
sonal assaults committed in the Treasury De-
partment building or elsewhere by an officer
of the Government is not in order upon the
question of striking out the pending paragraph
of this bill.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I desire to show that
if we pass this clause of the bill we will be
placing the public money in the hands of an
officer entirely unfit for that position. I sup-
pose that for that purpose I can read this
affidavit as a portion of my remarks.
Mr. WELKER. I raise the point of order
that I made before, that the affidavit referred
to by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Lough-
ridge] is not in order in this debate.
The CHxVIRMAN. The Chair is of opin-
ion that an account of a street affray between
an officer of the Government and some other
person would not be in order in the debate
upon this paragraph.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Very we'll. I will
not appeal from the decision of the Chair,
though 1 think it is proper for me to show that
this officer is not fit for the position he occu-
pies, and that we should at least refuse to make
this appropriation, as it would be placing the
money of the people in the hands of an im-
proper person. Now, in order to show that
this man is entirely unfit for this or any other
position under the Government, I will state,
as a part of iny argument, that on Thursday,
January 13, between the hours of two and three
o'clock in the afternoon, an old gentleman, a
citizen of the State of Iowa, between sixty and
seventy years of age, and a doorkeeper of the
Treasury Department of this Government 
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I rise to a point
of order.
TheCHAIItMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, The Chair haa
already twice decided that the gentleman
should not read as a portion of his remarks the
account he is now stating.
Tho CHAIRMAN. The decision of the
Chair was that anything relating to the private
character and conduct of the officer in question
is not in order.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Well, Mr. Chair-
man 
The CHAIRMAN, The time of the gentle-
man has expired.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I should not be
charged with the time taken up by points of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has been
charged with tbe time he himself has occupied.
Mr. TWICHELL. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnswoiith] has not, in ray judg-
ment, stated this case as he should have stated
it. He goes oil to compare the expense of
this portion of the Department with the expense
in former years. Now, originally under the
law ten per cent, of the appropriations was
assigned for this Department. This fact he has
omitted in his comparison. The Committee
on Appropriations were asked at the present
time to appropriate $46,000 for this Depart-
ment; they have cut it down to $20,700. Do
the committee wish to cut it down still further?
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] has wandered from this subject. He
has made an attack upon the Secretary of the
Treasury, in fact, for this is his business ; the
supervising architect is his officer, and under
his direction. I am surprised that the gentle-
man should go out of his way for this purpose.
He says that desks have been furnished by this
architect to the Treasury Department that cost
$1,000 each. Sir, those desks were ordered
by the superintendent of the Treasury build-
ing, not by the architect, and the gentleman
from Illinois should know that as weil as any
gentleman here. Nodesktherehascost$l,000;
none has cost more than $300, unless it has a
bookcase or something of that kind connected
with it. But the gentleman goes further. He
says that this supervising architect is respons-
ible for $25,000 expended in the Revenue
; Bureau for looking-glasses.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I rise to a point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will ate
his point of order.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. The Chair has ruled
that the character of this officer is not in ques-
tion and that remarks in regard to it are not in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is mis-
taken ; the Chair did not so rule.
Mr. TWICHELL. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] knows perfectly well
that a man formerly in that Department, an
enemy of the supervising architect and hos-
tile to the Secretary of the Treasury, has been
1 brought here to testify against the supervising
architect on this question of looking-glasses.
The gentleman who was brought here, un-
j friendly as he was to this officer, with feelings
! biased and prejudiced against him, lias stated
j to the gentleman from Illinois, as he well
knows, that the supervising architect had
