1810.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
41st Cc®«....2d Sess. Diplomatic and Consular Appropriations—Mr. Coburn.
Ho. of Reps.
by the money-order system, but it is still a
halting, half-executed system that has not be-
come general. Would it not be easy to increase
very largely the income of the Department by
a little attention to these things? Does any
one doubt that a corporation of business men
could take the business of the Department into
their hands and so carry it on as to have not
only no deficiency, but to make millions for
themselves over and above expenses?
Traveling west of the Rocky mountains one
will observe that business letters are carried
almost entirely by an express company, and
the people pay cheerfully ten cents a letter.
01 this sum the company pays the United
States three cents for the privilege of doing
what the Government itself will not do well
nor allow any one else to do without paying
the price of doing it. How great an increase
would there be in the revenues of the Depart-
ment if it would do this business as well as
the express company does it? That it would
be very considerable every one must see.
What has happened on the Pacific coast is
happening all over the country in a greater or
less degree. The people are finding out all
sorts of ways for doing their postal business
more efficiently than the Department does it.
They know it is a slow coach which allows
itself to bo beaten by private enterprise every-
where, and they have no hesitation in employ-
ing other agencies. This is said to be a fast
age, but the postal service does not prove it.
The mail train is proverbially the slowest train
on the road. It does not keep up with the
cattle train. It is constantly tired and stops
to rest.
Some years ago I was a subscriber to a New
York daily paper. It came by mail and I paid
(he postage regularly, though the paper would
never come regularly. They had a sort of
intermittent way of bringing it. Sometimes
it would fail altogether for two or three days,
and then again two or three of them wouid
come at once, though the publisher always
protested in the strongest manner that he reg-
ularly put in the office one paper every day at
the same time. I put up with this pretty well,
laying it to Providence and other powers which
are supposed to be to blame for pretty much
all the evils that occur in this world, until I
discovered that a rascally newsman was act-
ually selling that paper about the streets a
day before I got it by mail, provided it came at
all. Then, sir, I gave up the post office per-
formance entirely; everybody elsedid the same
thing. That newsman had his papers sent on
by the express, which of course took the
fastest trains and did not make stops for dis-
tribution, but came right through without delay.
The result is that this business is pretty much
entirely lost to the Department.
A great mail from Chicago for this city passes
every day through the town of my residence,
and the train receives there also a mail for
Washington, but on reachingDetroitthis latter
is left for one entire day before it comes on,
for distribution, as it is called. Would any
business man be stupid enough to carry on
affairs in that way? A traveler from Michigan
will reach here in a little more than thirty hours;
but a letter will be on the way from three to
five days ordinarily. I cutfrom the NewYork
Globe a letter which is only a specimen of
what is occurring all the time :
The following letter comes from an honest man,
and every word he says is true. Will not General
.1 ones do somethiug for us, or have wo to wait on to
the millennium before the day of a reliable postal
■v^temV''
'!'<* the Editoruf the Globe:
ll is diilicult to conceive how any people can get
-ioin- without a perfect, post office system. Wo are
-) immeasurably blessed in this way that wo are in
danger ei vaunting ourselves upon our superiority.
I have iu?t received a paper from your office dated
March 1. It i-: in an excellent state of preservation.
Hope on, hope ever. Thopaokageand letterwhich
leit Spruce street on ^Uarch2will undoubtedly roach
me yet. Read the Scriptures and bo patient, " Cast
your bread upon the waters, and you shall roceive it
after many days." City letters and papersareniailed
to me every day in the year, and I set them within
two, three, four, five, six, and seventeen day s—some-
times nover I Well, even then they are well pre-
served. You sent me six papers last week. I re-
ceived two 1 Bo patient and give the Department
time enough, and doubtless the rest will follow here-
after. J. A. TAYLOR.
]No. 550 west Fifty-Fourth street, New York.
March 21,1870.
What has been the result of this appeal to
General Jones I am unable to state, or whether
that important personage has even conde-
scended to hear the appeal at all ; but it is cer-
tain that if ho can furnish a remedy the appeal
to Jones will come into universal favor. Mr.
Taylor is a most exemplary American citizen.
He exhibits a Christian spirit worthy of all
imitation. It is clear that he understands that
the franking privilege is what is the matter,
though he does not mention it particularly.
But there is no doubt that is what he means when
he says "read the Scriptures and be patient"
Most excellent advice. Really I do not see
how a man even of Mr. Taylor's mild disposi-
tion could be patient in any other way. Evi-
dently he relies entirely upon this prescription.
He does not even appeal to Jones.
It is a most encouraging thing that this spirit
of Christian patience is being developed by
the Post Office Department in a most eminent
degree. It has reached even the ordinarily
fault-finding New York Tribune, and is likely
to prove a great missionary. In that paper
of the date of December 19 last I find evidence
of great religious improvement, as follows:
"The United States mails continue to be carricd
(or miscarried, or -not carried at all) with tho most
exquisite and punctilious irregularity. Thero is a
deep growl in St. Louis; thero is a deeper growl in
New Orleans; there are growls of greater or less depth
in all parts of tho country, i'or our own part we
pretty much gave up growling long ago Jbr it would
bo a waste of our bass voeal resources. When wo are
in particularly bad humor at some particularly pro-
voking disappointment wo mean hereafter to solaco
ourselves by reading the last annual report of the
Postmaster General, which we fancy will not fail to
satisfy us that all is as it should be—or at least as it
must be, which amounts to the samo thing."
This shows a most improving spirit, and
recognizes fully the value of good reading. It
does not, however, come quite up to the stand-
ard of Mr. J. A. Taylor, who proposes to con-
fine himself wholly to the Scriptures; but it
may be safely relied upon that a man who has
confined himself long to the last annual report
of the Postmaster General will be sure to con-
tract a taste for Scripture, and soon resort
thereto in great humility.
My friend from Wisconsin is proposing to
put the telegraph under the control of this
Department, and turn that also into a mission-
ary institution for the teaching of patience and
self-denial. Sir, I hope not, unless he intends
also to be appointed Postmaster General. That
is our sole recousre at present. When the
mail fails us altogether we can fly to the tele-
graph and get relief. It would be rank perse-
cution to take this away.
How much of the business that now em-
ploys the telegraph would be done through the
mail, if promptness and dispatch could be
relied upon. A gentleman doing business for
a firm in New York was in St. Louis. He
wrote a letter to his employers every evening,
and mailed it promptly. On returning he found
that the first three letters, sent on as many dif-
ferent days, all arrived together in the same
mail. Of course he gave up writing letters to
go by mail and used the telegraph. And yet
the Postmaster General wonders that the
Department does not pay. He is propound-
ing conundrums to himself and cannot answer
them. He is dreaming about illustrious Row- >
land Hill, but forgets to send his mails by the j
lightning train. Struggling to lay the deficien- j
cies at the door of Congress ho only exposes j
his own. There is a prodigious diligence in !
the appointment office, with little attention
to carrying the mails with regularity and dis-
patch.
Mr. Chairman, I will not pursue this far-
ther. It is not difficult to understand what the
Post OfficeDepartment needs. It needs vigor-
ous administration. Of political nursing it
has more than enough, but of business capacity
and energetic management there is no sign.
There needs a master who thinks more of
the prompt delivery of a letter than of the
appointment of a clerk from Maryland who
is charged to Texas.
Diplomatic and Consular Appropriations.
REMARKS OP IXOIsr. JOHN COBURN,
op indiana,
I a' the House op Repkesesttatives,
May?.?,, 1870,
On tho bill (H. R. No. 1604) making .appropriations
for tho consular and -diplomatic expenses of tho
Government for tho year-ending June SO, 1871, and
for other purposes.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Chairman, tho amend-
ment offered provides for a minister to Rome.
This is right, and on' this ground; the influ-
ence of the Roman Government is greater in
our own and over our own people than that of
any other in Europe. The queen and Parlia-
ment of ^England, the emperor and legisla-
tive bodies of Prance, the powers that rule
Prussia and Russia, all combined, do not exert
a tithe of the influence within our borders that
the Pope of Rome does. Through the church
he presides over, his agents go into every com- •
munity, and thousands of our people contribute
to his resources and add to his prestige. We
cannot deny, we cannot ignore these facts.
What shall we do as a nation of sensible,
practical men? Shall we refuse to put our
agent within that Government, as we do else-
where, to see and report and treat? In the
changes and revolutions ahead of us, shall we
deprive ourselves of all the advantages which
may be secured by amicable relations? It
would seem that we should not. We have
nothing to fear and nothing to hope from the
physical power of the Pope. No great nation
ever had. His power never was of that nature.
It has been, in former times, -overshadowing.
It is still great. Then, let us look at facts as
they are. The need of a minister at Rome
seems paramount, more so than if we had much
commerce with her people. We do not have the
commerce of trade with her; but a higher one,
the commerce of ideas. The mission of the
minister is political, the mission of the consul
is commercial. We could much better dispense
with the consul than the minister. If we must
have but one let us have the minister. We want
in that place a representative of our intellect,
our scholarship, our taste, our culture, our
progress, our republicanism, above all of our
religion. Let him stand up there where the
pilgrims of a curious and knowledge-seeking
world are thronging, to exemplify the vitality,
the energy, the independence, the power, and
the grandeur of the Republic beyond the At-
lantic, whose splendid dawn has eclipsed the
days when the sword of the Scipios -dazzled
and the lyre of Virgil thrilled mankind.
If we need a political representative any-
where we need one at Rome—to illustrate
as we',1 what we are and what we hope to be,
as to assert our national rights and maintain
our national honor. Thus we see two great
and controlling reasons for maintaining a rep-
resentative there. One is founded upon the
great influence the Roman Government has
here; the other is founded upon the great in-
fluence our minister might exert there. Better
withdraw our ministers and psend mere consuls
to Costa Riea, Ecuador, the Hawaiian Islands,
