92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
X. It has no force except upon the hypothe-
sis that the majority of Congress way be equally
regardless of their oath of office, of the Con-
stitution, and of the people. They, must be
willing to perjure themselves, to trample upon
the Constitution, and to. contemn the people,
before this objection can.be entitled to weight.
No ; there is another-,contingency in which it
might be: that the people should send a ma-
jority into the two Houses without sense
enough to see what the Constitution means, or
foolhardy enough never to look into it. In
any of these cases it might be expedient to
have an outside ■ supervisor; but until then I
insist that thBre is enough honesty, fidelity,
and intellect here to protect the Constitution
from violation and dispense with the super-
vision of the judiciary.
2. Even if all these things could be, the judi-
ciary is not the body to rectify the misdeeds
of Congress. There is in the Constitution a rule
of responsibility in each of the departments of
the Government to another authority. The
President and the judges of the courts are re-
sponsible for their acts to the two Houses of
Congress, and may be impeached by the one,
and tried, convicted, and deposed by the other.
But the Constitution contains no rule making
Congress or either branch of it responsible to
any other department; and yet the principle
of responsibility applies to them more forcibly,
more severely, more directly, and more cer-
tainly than to either of the others. The argu-
ment of the upholders of the claim of the
judiciary, that there ought to be and must be
some where a check upon unconstitutional legis-
lation, which unless applied by the courts
cannot he applied at all, derogatively assumes
ihat Congress has not sense enough to seethe
limits of its power or not virtue enough to
keep within them; but that the judiciary have
bothi and therefore must be the proper check
under the Constitution. Sir, the Constitution
does not say this; but its whole frame and
spirit recognize the existence of another au-
thority to which Congress is responsible, more
omnipresentand more exactingthan the courts,
and that is the People, To that tribunal and
to that alone are we accountable. Popular
opinion and frequent elections are the consti-
tutional checks upon us. If not sufficient, the
people are themselves to blame ; but whether
sufficient or not., they are more powerful than
uiiy judicial supervision. The courts act upon
the law, but the people act upon the men that
made it. Congress has looked with indiffer-
ence upon the annulment of its laws by the
.Supreme Court, and upon the assertion by in-
ferior courts created by itself and held by a
single judge of their right to declare its acts
unconstitutional and void; nay, has even en-
tertained bills providing what, number of judges
of the Supremo Court should concur to author-
ize a judgment of that kind, and flinched not
under the proposal thus to recognize by legis-
lative act its own spoliation; but who has ever
known Senators and Representatives indiffer-
ent to the voice of the people?
Sir, they hear it and stand in awe of it as they
do not of any judicial utterances, however
august. Anditisawholesoineawe. Itisgood
for the country to keep alive here a keen and
apprehensive sense of our responsibility to the
people for the constitutionality of our acts, as
well as their necessity and propriety. It keeps
the people awake to the Constitution, too, when
they know that upon them and not upon the
courts rests the duty of vigilance over the con-
stitutionality of the acts of their Congress. I
.see nothing but harm to our institutions from
substituting the courts for the people in this
supervision. The latter are abundantly able
to restrain Congress from asserting omnipo-
tence in itself or cnacting.uuconstitutional stat-
utes. Let us, then, fall back upon the groat
principle of responsibility to the people alone
for our acts, and deny it in the least degree to
any other tribunal, and our fealty to the Con-
stitution will be stronger and more watchful
than if a Supreme Court sat in every room in
this Capitol.
3. But if the exclusive right in'Congress to
adjudge and determine the constitutionality of
its own acts would be omnipotence, what would
you call that higher and more exclusive right
claimed by the judiciary-to reverse the judg-
ment of the people'sjrepresentatives.and sub-
stitute its own therefor as final, supreme, and
irreversible? That we are charged, by the
people, by the Constitution, and -by our oath of
office to form and express that judgment in the
enactment of laws, has been shown. We are
even empowered by the Constitution to make
that judgment effectual^ against the opposing
judgment of the Executive. The whole nation
must submit to that judgment until its own re-
versing decree can be pronounced through the
ballot-box. And yet the judiciary claims the
right to reverse that judgment through the force
of its-mere opinion. Sir, if there be m this mat-
ter omnipotence anywhere, is it not in that
claim ? There you see it in its full proportions,
exalting itself to the pinnacle of power., and pro-
nouncing a judgment from which there is no
appeal, no, not even to the people. And now,
if iu this republican government there must be
omnipotence somewhere, ought it to be in the
representatives of the people, or ought it to be
inthejudges? Tothatlcanhavebutoneanswer.
The Congress is chosen by'the people, and the
judges are not; the Congress represents the
people, and the judges do not; the Congress is
invested with the legislative sovereignty of the
nation, and the judges are not: and if we must
choose between legislative omnipotence and
judicial omnipotence, I am for that which
springs from the fountain of power, the people,
and not for that which a few servants of the peo-
ple choose to assert in themselves by the more
than doubtful title of their own implication.
Mr. President, were the power by which our
acts are to bo pronounced unconstitutional and
void confined to the Supreme Court alone, it
would not be so formidable; but it is diffused,
as before stated, through nine circuit and more
than fifty district courts, sitting in every State,
all of the latter held by a single judge, and all
of the former, though held by a circuit and a
district judge, yet controlled by the judgment
of the circuit judge. Each of these courts,
deriving not only its jurisdiction and powers,
but its very existence, from Congress, sup-
ported by appropriations by Congress, and
organized mainly to administer the laws of
Congress, claims the right to sit in judgment
upon those laws and to refuse them force in
its forum whenever its single judge entertains
the opinion that they conflict with the Con-
stitution. Sir, I would not be disrespectful
to the judiciary, but indeed in all the opera-
tions of the Government nothing seems to me
to approach nearer the solemnly ludicrous
than this. If not ludicrous it is certainly tre-
mendously preposterous. Can it be that the
wise men who framed a Constitution which
has been the admiration of wise men every-
where, failed at this point, and marred their
work with so glaring an absurdity as author-
izing a mere nisi prius court held under its
own authority to sit in judgment upon the con-
stitutional validity of the laws of the nation
enacted by its chosen legislators? Can it be
that these judicial sentinels are posted by Con-
gress upon the picket-line of the Constitution
to keep guard over the Congress itself and halt
it there? Can it be that Congress annually
appropriates large sums of money to pay those
judges for declaring its own acts null and
void? Can it be that this great Government
thus creates and provides means for its own
arraignment, perhaps in many places at once,
before its own servants; for the blocking of
its own wheels by its own paid officials; for
angry and dangerous collisions between two
of its departments: for the exaltation in the
popular mind of judicial opinion over that
of Congress, and the consequent degradation
of Congress before the people: all liable to
frequent occurrence, and all tending directly
to the eventual hazard, if not wreck, of this
great ship of State? Had not popular gov-
ernment enough to contend with here, that its
framers should have thus planted in it the
seeds of its own perpetual embarrassment and
baffling, if not destruction? I deny that any
such absurdity .is in our Constitution, and I
think I have sustained the denial.
But lest all that has been said should have
failed to carry conviction, there is one other
view of the subject ujjon which, it seems to me,
the whfilacase might be safely rested. Those
who claim that the Constitution vests this power
in- the judiciary will, I suppose, admit that to
be of any .real value the power should be fixed,
permanent, and incapable of being taken from
it. To vest it there and at the same time lodge
somewhere else a power to devest it, would pre-
sent in another form the very solecism con-
tained in the question first stated as that which
led me to examine this subject. And yet this
is the exact "position of this case so far as the
appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court
affords opportunity for the exercise of this
power. As before stated, that branch of its
jurisdiction—which is nearly all it possesses—
is granted by the Constitution with the express
reservation that it is to be exercised'' with such
exceptions and under such regulations as the
Congress shall make." Here, then, is an
unlimited power of exception and regulation
vested in the very body over whose acts this
court is claimed to have a constitutional right
of supervision, even to the extent of solemnly
adjudging them null and void. That the power
to annul is greater than the power to do what
maybeannulledwill not be questioned. Hence
to impart the former and higher power to one
body over another, and at the same time author-
ize the other at its own pleasure to take it
away, involves the incomprehensible absurdity
of setting a higher authority above the highest.
That is just the absurdity presented here. Is
it not conclusive against the assumption that
the Constitution intended to confer the power
claimed by the judiciary?
But it may be said that the Supreme Court
has original jurisdiction upon which this right
can rest, and which cannot be devested by
Congress. It has such jurisdiction in two
classes of cases only: first, those "affecting
ambassadors, other public ministers, and con-
suls," and secondly, "those in which a State
shall be party; " and if the advocates of the
claim of the judiciary wish to invert the pyra-
mid of judicial power and poise it upon the
apex instead of planting it upon the founda-
tion, it is well to see whether it can be made
to stand in that position.
If the Constitution intended to confer this
great power on the Supreme Court, is it con-
ceivable thatitwouldgiveitin only two classes
of cases, in one of which—that affecting am-
bassadors, other public ministers, and con-
suls—it was beyond the reach of conjecture
that any question of the constitutionality of an
act of Congress could ever arise, and in the
other, where a State should be party, it was
almost equally certain that no such question
would ever be presented, and not confer it in
any of the thousands of cases involving the
rights and interests of citizens which were
sure to come before the court? This question
answers itself. The Constitution did not cre-
ate a judicial department and invest it with
the mighty power to declare acts passed by the
national Legislature unconstitutional and void
merely to fit those two cases, where probably
its exercise would not be demanded once in a
century." Nor does the Constitution deal in
mere semblances of power, but in its very
reality and substance. If it intended to estab-
lish this far-reaching and all-powerful judicial
authority, it would have sent it forth into a
range as wide as that of the Government and
witli a foundation too broad and deep to be
undermined or overthrown. That it has not
such a range and foundation, but may at any
