4230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
dred and fifty years prior to 1847. The great-
est circulation ever allowed to that great
financial power was less than $160,000,000.
The greatest dividend allowed was ten and
a half, and the lowest two and a quarter per
cent, per annum; but once in that whole
period did tho dividends reach ten and a half
per cent., while for half a century they were
under three per cent. Thus a monarchy,
always anxious to promote the centralization
of capital and wealth in the interests ot'a favored
class, imposes such limitations on the natural
voracity of capital that through a century and
a half an average of three and a half per cent,
annual dividends are declared ; while our pol-
icy, in the interests of capital, has so encour-
aged and promoted the centralizing of wealth
that through the six years this national bank
system lias existed the lowest average dividends
declared have been ten per cent, and running
up as high as twenty-five per cent., besides tho
accumulation of an enormous surplua fund.
Mr. RANDALL. OnehunJred andten per
lent, in some instances.
Mr. HOLMAN. My friend says one hun-
dred and ten per cent. I have only spoken
of the general average. Why, sir, the whole
machinery of the Government seems to be in
the interest of the national banks. We keep
up a bureau at the expense of the people for
their benefit at an annual expense of $130,-
022 93. The head of this bureau seems to
have no other duty to perform, judging from
his repoit. than to depreciate the greenbacks,
the money of the people, and furnish argu-
ments in belmlf of the national banking sys-
tem. 1 have before me the report of the
Comptroller of the Currency, dated January
22, 1870. It, shows thutthe dividends declared
in IHG'J exceed ten per cent, independent of
the surplus i'uml. H states that " the returns
submitted by the banks, in answer to a res-
olution of tins House, are believed to bo sub-
stantially eoiri-ct, though some difficulty was
o.\perienccd at first 111 making batiks under-
stand what, was meant by ' net earnings in
excess of dividends,' and in tho reports of the
first dividend there may havo been some inac-
curacies m that item." Yet this inaccurate
report., made in the interest of the banks,
shows that they have declared dividends ex-
ceeding an average of ten per cent., and that
they have accumulated during the same cur-
rent, year over $13,000,000 of surplus fund.
On the authority of these imperfect returns it
is sal'eto assert that even during the last year
the dividends aveiageu at least thirteen per
cent,, besides the surplus fund. Indeed, sir,
the lii :l, bank in this list is the Bank of Abing-
ton in tho State of Massachusetts, with a capi-
tal of $150,000, which declared dividends to
(ho amount of eighteen per cenl. during the
last current year and added over $1,000 10 to
its surplus ftuid.
The rapidity with which this surplus fund of
tho national batiks has accumulated, after de-
elating these iaige dividends, is something mar-
velous. 1 present a table of the surplus fund
and undivided profits of these banks. This
tuble shows how rapidly they are absorbing the
wealth of this country :
W<!  ยง7,992.078 33
l'o>   71,0l'.J,iv  91
I*"  So,942.605 97
i' >'  100,447,0.33 22
 113.090.6tl 33
JtoJ  120,852,6135 21
lius, in k\\: years, after declaring dividends
oi not lees than ten per cent., their surplus fund
: I'uehcs the enormous sum of $12f5,852,035 2-1,
a, -aim exceeding twenty-five per cent, of their
entire capital. And all this, sir, is drawn from
t.h." labor of the country.
I':om these figures it would seem that this
<.hovorn:ni nt had no other mission than to legis-
late for the promotion of interest of wealth:
to record the exacts of capital. Is it really
true that no other interest is to be promoted in
this country? There is not a nation in all his-
tory which has shown the same eagerness to
promote the interest of capital, to the utter
neglect of the rights of labor as the Gov-
ernment of the United States during the last
ten years. Compare our national bank system
with any other bank system, and it must be
admitted that under our republican govern-
ment we have done more to promote the interest
of capital than has ever been done under the
monarchical government of Great Britain or
any other Government. Yet, notwithstanding
these extraordinary and unexampled advan-
tages which have been given by Congress under
this national banking system, I find that the
friends of the national banks upon this floor
are not content with the proposition now pend-
ing. They demand that the enormous profits
which they have heretofore realized shall be
continued for the future.
If the nation was out of debt, if a revenue
of seventy or eighty million dollars were suffi-
cient to sustain the Government, and taxation
was unfelt, the country might submit to this,
however wrongful and unjust; but when the
country is laboring under oppressive taxation,
and can secure to its citizens a more valuable
currency than that of the national banks, and
can secure the profits and benefits of that
currency to the whole people, it seems to me
monstrous that these benefits, tho benefits of
ยง300,000,000 of money, or $395,000,000, as
proposed by this bill, should be secured with
its enormous profits to two hundred and twenty-
five thousand citizens who havo concentrated
their wealth, and now aspire to tho absolute
control of the whole money interest of the
country. They seek to control, if they do not
already control, our legislation, acting with
tho force and energy of one giant corporation.
This plausible and influent gentleman who is
employed at tho head of the currency buieau,
and who is paid out of your Treasury, asks that
there may be but one currency, and that the
national bank currency, lie says it is more
flexible, and therefore tho "greenbacks'' must
give way to it. It is not more flexible. It has
no more adaptability to the business of the
country than the ''greenbacks," if it has as
much. At tho very best in these respects the
two currencies stand on the same footing.
The greenback and the national bank paper
rest upon exactly the same footing. Your Gov-
ernment is equally responsible for both. The
people get the benefit of the one, the bankers
of the other.
For all tho purposes of currency national
bank issues stand upon exactly the same foot-
ing as United States notes. There is hardly
a conceivable or possible difference between
them in this respect. Both rest upon tho credit
of the country. Both rest upon the good faith
of the nation. But while tho one inures to the
benefit of every laboring man in America the
other merely goes to build up and promote the
fortunes of a few capitalists who have concen-
trated their wealth in those bankinginstitutions.
And how,sir, is this banking capital distributed?
The grasping rapacity of capital is here illus-
trated. The New England States, with a pop-
ulation of 3,130,283, secure $101,500,910, a
little over one third of the whole national bank
currency, equal to $33 33J for every inhabit-
ant ; while tho western States, with a popu-
lation of 7,939,229, have $50,983,121 of this
national bank currency; or, to illustrate more
clearly, take this fact, that Massachusetts, with
a population of 1,231,060, secures of this
national bank circulation $57,040,930, while
Indiana, with a population of 1,350,428, has of
this national bankcirculation $11,017,027; and
the great State of Illinois, more populous than
either, has but $9,950,275 of this circulation.
Such, sir, is the natural tendencies to central-
ism of overgrown capital when it has grown
strong enough to control legislation.
Now, sir, if the national bank system had
not this Republic in its grasp, there would be no
trouble in disposing of this question. If these
two kinds of currency were now proposed to
be introduced for the first time, who would
dare to say that two hundred and twenty-five
thousand citizens should have the benefit of
this $395,000,000 of money in preference to
the whole country, a heavily taxed people;
who would not say that it should be a source
of benefit and profit to the whole people ?
From the condition of the financial system,
and from the fact that the greater part of out-
national debt was made on the basis of the
greenback currency, and is justly and honestly
payable in that currency, that currency ought
to be preferred as a matter of common honesty
by the people. We should, instead of grant-
ing greater favors to national banks, issue
$300,000,000 more of greenbacks, require the
national banks to withdraw their currency, and
apply that $300,000,000 of greenbacks in pay-
ing an equal amount of our national debt, dol-
lar for dollar. This would meet the argument
that we would give the five-twenty bondholder
the payment of his debt in gold, when the
country promised to pay in lawful money.
This, sir, would be an act of justice and com-
mon honesty alike to the bondholder and the
people, a faithful fulfillment of a contract. It
has been suggested to-day that the legal-tender
feature of these United States notes has been
declared against by the courts of justice. I
deny that proposition. The decision of the
court but applied to contracts made before the
legal-tender act was passed in 1802, and even
to that extent the decision was made by a
divided court. And there is not a citizen who
is not convinced that when a full court comes
to meet that question within the next nine
months the legal-tender act will be held to be
a constitutional law, not only with regard to
contracts made after its enactment, but be-
fore its enactment, as indispensable to the na-
tional safety, and that such an enactment was
within the power of Congress under the Con-
stitution. The weight of judicial authority is
in favor of that proposition.
This bill, it is said, reduces tho volume of
our currency. I believe that it does reduce
the volume of our currency, and as doing so
is another movement in the interest of capital.
Mr. WOOD WAH,D. Do I understand the
gentleman from Indiana to mean that the Dem-
ocratic idea of the country is that the courts
ought to declare the legal-tender act constitu-
tional?
Mr. HOLMAN. I speak of tho judicial
mind of this country. I speak of the weight
of judicial authority and the decisions of the
courts of justice which have sustained the
action of Congress in making these notes legal
tender. I do not speak nor intend to speak
of political opinion on this question. It is
now a question for the courts. When this
agent of the bankers, your Comptroller of the
Currency, talks about the irredeemability of
tho United States notes, the greenbacks, and
about the other currency being redeemable, he
utters words without meaning. The converse
is the fact, and the country may blush at the
utterances of its public officer in his unseemly
zeal for the capitalists and against the people.
Tho one currency is just as redeemable as
the other. At best the one ho is so eager to
uphold is simply redeemable in the other.
Mr, WOODWARD. I think my friend from
Indiana does not exactly do justice to this legal
question. The Supreme Court have decided
the act of 1802, the legal-tender law of 18fi2,
to be unconstitutional as to all contracts made
hefore its date ; and the gentleman from In-
diana has no right to throw doubt upon that
construction of the act of Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. But by fair implication the
court has held that as to contracts made after
February, 1862, greenbacks were lawful money,
not redeemable currency, but lawful money.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What does the gentle-
man mean by "lawful money?"
Mr. HOLMAN. That which is declared
money by the law-making power. A green-
back is an agent of commerce with a fixed
value as money stamped upon it. It is declared
