2348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
Mr. CONKLING. I have made no such
suggestion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I simply say that the
authority which I cited stated unqualifiedly
that an officer in the British army in India,
under a commission in that army, had a right
to acquire his residence in India.
Mr. CONKLING. And I answer that by
saying that, like officers upon half pay, the
officers situated like this one were upon a spe-
cial, artificial footing created for them. Then,
so far from the authority leaning in the direc-
tion in which the Senator argues, it argues
precisely the other way. Why? Upon the
familiar doctrine expressio unius est exclusio
alterius ; upon the familiar doctrine that if the
special statute and the special elements of that
case were necessary to uphold the decision
that decision could not stand without that
foundation.
Mr. President, what is tho use, then, of at-
tempting to darken counsel by words in read-
ing authorities which, first, confessedly have no
application to the case, and which, second,
rightly understood, constructively prove the
case against tho claimant here, and overset tho
doctrine in favor of which it is professed to
cite them?
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, 1 do not
rise to make a speech on this somewhat thread-
bare subject. 1 do not think that till the time
which may be spent in any further discussion
of it will change the mind of any member of
the Senate. Every one of us, by this time at
least, has made up his mind, or should have
made up his mind how he will vote upon the
question of admitting Ames to his seat, and 1
beg the Senate to come to a vote upon this
subject. We have been debating it hero day
after day, and day alter day, until the gallery,
the country, the world is sick of it. It is simply
a question of fact which every Senator must
decide for himself, and 1 trust the Senate will
now come to a vote upon it. Having said this
I shall take my seat and await with great
patience the result of the vote.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
from Michigan having expressed his disgust,
with this subject, or with the debate by which
it has been attended 
Mr. HOWARD. I beg pardon of the Sen-
ator ; he misunderstood me.
Mr. CONKLING. F understood tho hon-
orable Senator to describe a species of per-
sonal nausea that had come over him ; indeed
>ny compassion was excited by the painful pre-
dicament in which (he Senator seemed to have
found himself. Now, Mr. President, I do not
rise for tho purpose of making a speech, but
for the purpose of noticing the substantial con-
tribution which the honorable Senator from
Michigan has just made to what I think may
be properly termed tho science, if not to the
art and general enlightenment of this question.
Do rase apparently chiefly for the purpose
of pronouncing tins a mere question of fact.
That had been announced before, I think, to
the astonishment of some Senators; and that
>t is announced now certainly is an important
contribution ; and it, is worth while for any
.Senator to rise for the purpose of making that
statement.
I wish, however, in regard to it to confess
my ignorance in this degree : I had supposed
that a question of fact, speaking of what would
go to a jury as some Senators have,done, was
a question involving either tho credibility of
witnesses or tho necessity of reconciling some
conflict of statement: and I had been taught
in earlier days and calmer hours, and the les-
son abides with me yet, that where the facts
are fixed, absolutely fixed, where they are
immutable and understood alike on both sides,
1 no question can arise in an instance like this
except a question of law. The first question
to divide it is, What is the principle? The sec-
ond and only remaining question is, How does
it apply ? It may be matter of fact, but no ques-u
tion of fact unless there be credibility of wit-
nesses to be passed upon, or a conflict of a
statement. Let no Senator therefore take
refuge, whatever other shield he may carry,
in the idea that he can dispose of this issue as
a quesf.ion'of fact. No. sir; the law, admitted
on every hand, is that two things must concur:
first, the intention, and second, the execution
of that intention. Whether those facts do con-
cur in this case is pure matter of law upon
conceded and incontestable fact.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. JlOWli. I desire to understand this
issue, if I can. ] understand tho Senator to
affirm that there is no question of fact,, becausc
the facts are all conceded. Ho now insists
that the law is admitted on all hands. I wish,
therefore, to know precisely what wo are dis-
puting about. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. Well, Mr. President, I
am not altogether surprised that the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin stands in need of that
information. From some declarations lie made
the other day on the floor 1 am quite prepared
to find him lacking the very information which
now lie seeks. I will endeavor to tell him
what we are disputing about.
We are disputing in the face of an unbroken
current of authority, legislative and judicial,
which says that the bodily presence of Adcl-
bert Ames in the State of Mississippi is a fact
entirely immaterial in the disposition of this
issue. We am disputing against a current of
authority which says that if tho residence of
Adalbert Ames is to be found at all in tho State
of Mississippi it is to be found without refer-
ence to the fact of his bodily presence, that
being involuntary and constrained. Standing
in the presence of these authorities, bound to
acknowledge this universally asserted principle
of law, we are disputing in order to find a re-
spectableapology, in the firstplace, l'orplacing
upon tho record the proposition that Adelbert
Ames in fact and in truth established a resi-
dence in tho State of Mississippi, when in fact
and in truth ho did no act at all; and, in the
second place, we are in quest of an excuse for
asserting that Adelbert Ames formedaud enter-
tained the intention necessary to go with such
an act as I declare to bo absent; and in this
quest of ati excuse we are reduced to the des-
peration of hunting it out amid these scanty,
sterile, and unproductive elements. Wo hunt
for it iu a statement which consists merely in
this: that Adelbert Amos declares that he
formed an intention to become an inhabitant
of the State of Mississippi, which intention was
not fixed, was not certain, was not absolute,
but was contingent. Contingent upon what?
Contingent upon the very event it must abso-
lutely precede.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from New York yield to the Senator from
Michigan ?
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, yes, sir.
Mr. UOWAKD. I beg to call the attention
of the honorable Senator from New York to his
own report as to this contingency. That Ames
entertained the intention of remaining in Mis-
sissippi is stated positively in the report of which
the Senator himself is the author. He is aware
of that, of course. Why then does he state that
that intention was contingent?
.Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, were I
disposed to furnish the honorable Senator with
a Kowland for his Oliver, I might do it by re-
minding him of a date not long gone by when
ho came into the Senate reporting that from a
certain place to another place, both being very
important places, was upward of fifty miles,
which was true as was attested by a sworn map,
and by referring him to a date only a little sub-
sequent when the honorable Senator in many
arguments, with many captivating words of per-
suasion attempted to make the Senate believe
that not only it was not fifty miles, but that it
was scarcely any appreciable distance at all.
Mr. HOWARD. I would thank the honor-
able Senator to state to what report he alludes.
I have no recollection of such a fact as that to
which he alludes in my legislative history. _
Mr. CONKLING. I supposed not, but it is
my misfortune to remember that when a bill
came in here proposing to give $2,400,000 and
1,900,000 acres ©f land for a certain purpose,
the report of the committee of which the hon-
orable Senator is chairman did state that from
Clifton to Irving was over fifty miles, and when
that fact became an awkward one in the dis-
cussion ; when it became a fact, in spite of
which it became difficult for the bill to travel
to a successful conclusion, I remember how
many arguments we heard, how persuasively
and coaxingly the Senate was invited to believe
that the committee had made a total mistake
in reporting such a fact when really there was
no truth in it, and when the geography, the
measurement, everything bearing upon it was
entirely the other way.
I only alluded to this for the purpose of say-
ing to the Senator that if I needed a Rowland
for his Oliver, I could find it; but as I do not
need that in this case, I do hot wish to dwell
upon this little circumstance. It. is enough in
this case for me to say to the honorable Senator
that the report is precisely true, and that it is
magnanimously liberal toward General Ames,
and leaves the fact as it is produced by the
report and by the word of General Ames pre-
cisely as I stated; leaves the truth precisely as
it is, namely, that General Ames intended to
leave the Army and to reside in Mississippi
conditioned upon his appointmentas a Senator
iu Congress. That appointment having taken
place, General Ames proceeded to execute his
intention to leave the Army; and unless there
be some way in which retroactively, jumping
back over his appointment to the Senate, his
departing frotn the Army cau be made to take
elfoct, than I repeat that we are hunting for
the last apology to which I alluded among ele-
ments so scanty as these, that General Ames
declared an intention to do a thing conditioned
upon an event, which event the Constitution
says shall not happen until after that intention
has become absolute.
This is what we are disputing about, Mr.
President; and the Senate must blame the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin and not me for
the fact that this statement has been inflicted
upon the Senate. I did not rise to make it;
but accustomed as 1 am to defer to the honor-
able Senator, and to indulge him in everything
which I have the power to indulge him in, I
took great pleasure in statingwhat I conceived
to be tho thing touching which we are disput-
ing; and 1 think the honorable Senator will
see that it is a pure matter of law.
Mr. HOWE. I know the Senate will forgive
me for eliciting any opinion which the Senator
from New York has to communicate, andthere-
fore I know I shall not sin against the power
of tho Senate to pardon in that direction; but
1 am obliged to state to the Senator from New
York that after listening carefully to his very
clear statement of what he understands the
issue to be, I am so obtuse that I do not yet
know whether he means to deny that General
Ames had a domicile in Mississippi at the time
he was elected, or whether he means to deny
that General Ames had any intention to remain
a resident of Mississippi at that time, or whether
he means to deny that both these facts together
constituted him an inhabitant of Mississippi.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I am not
quite sure that I apprehend all that the Sena-
tor intends me to do; if I do not it is ray own
fault. I am not quite confident that I do. I
will endeavor, however, to answer his query as
I understand it. My view of the point which
I understand the Senator from Wisconsin to
touch is precisely the view decided by the court
in the California case, fully and truly read.
What was that? The constitution said of a
certain class of persons that their presence
bodily should not be held to make or to lose a
