1404
THE) CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
nothing to do with this matter- except simply
introducing the looking-glass man, (Willard,)
and asking him, the witness, to do what he
could for him; that he, the witness, not the
supervising architect, had rendered him assist-
ance, and he had received a present from the
gentleman who furnished the looking-glasses,
in view of these facts I say that it is unfair to
bring that gentleman in here.
I do not stand here to criticise the action of
any member. We all know that the Secretary
of the Treasury is thoroughly competent, hon-
est, and reliable in every respect; and if the
supervising architect does not do his duty he
will go out at once. This every man in the
House knows. The supervising architect, as
t he gentleman from Illinois ought to know by
this time, does not go into any '' rings." He
has satisfied himself personally as to the matter
in r«ferenoe to which this attack is made here.
If the gentleman from Iowa had read thearticle
which he proposed to read there would have
been an ample reply; yet, as that is not before
the House, I do not propose to reply to it. But
I do ask the House to stand by the Committee
on Appropriations and appropriate the sum
proposed by them for this office, being a little
more than half that asked for by the Secretary
of the Treasury.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. McCRARY. I renew it. The effect
of this amendment, if adopted, will be to abol-
ish the office of supervising architect of the
Treasury. I trust the amendment will be
adopted, for I think the country has little nse
for the office, and still less for the officer. There
has never been any act of Congress providing
for the creation of the office of supervising
architect of the Treasury, or defining any of !
the duties of that office, or fixing any responsi-
bility whatever upon the incumbent of the
office. The only authority that there has ever
been for the existence of such an office as this
has been fonnd in the appropriations which j
have been made from time to time for the'pur-1
pose of paying the annual salary of this officer.
No other legislation npon that subject has ever
been had. No provision of law has ever been
made defining any of the duties of this officer. 1
In 1868 Congress, in passing the ordinary an- '
nual appropriation for his salary, provided
that the office should cease to exist on the 1st
day of July, 1869. That provision, either by j
accident or design, was overlooked in 1869, |
and an appropriation wa3 made for another j
year's salary for the supervising architect of !!
the Treasury. Bat, sir, when we eome to ask
what are the duties of this officer, what are his
responsibilities, what oath is he to take, what
bond is he to file as a guarantee that he will
faithfully discharge his duties, we find there is
no law npon the subject. This officer, who has
been responsible for the expenditure of millions
of dollars of the people's money, has no law
for his government except his own whim and
caprice. As this office has been created and
kept in existence onlj by the appropriations
that have been made from time to time for the
payment of the salary, I apprehend that it can be
abolished by refusing to appropriate the salary
for the officer for the next year. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] in his re-
marks yesterday seemed to be under the impres-
sion tbkt though we might refuse to appropri-
ate for the salary of this officer for the next
year the office wonld still continue. In that
he is mistaken, for the reason I have already
mentioned, that there is no law creating this
office, and nothing can keep it in existence
except the appropriation of money for the pay-
ment of the salary.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I know it is true, as the
gentleman from Massachusetts has said, that
there must be somebody to take charge of the
erection and repair of public buildings; but, sir,
we now have in this Government three officers
charged with the duty of attending to such mat-
ters, the supervising architect of the Treasury,
the supervising architect of the Capitol exten-
sion, and the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings. I propose if this amendment should be
adopted, if no other gentleman shall do it, to
move a bill which shall create one officer who
shall take charge of all this business of looking
to and taking care of the public buildings of the
country, and to give him such directions as he
shall need for the proper discharge of his duty,
so as to cut off the expense of three officers,
secure control of this whole business, and hedge
the action of officers so as to guaranty to the
people that their money shall be faithfully ex-
pended. That is something this House ought to
do. Let us strike out this appropriation and
abolish this office, and then create one office the
| incumbent of which shall have charge of this
entire department of the public service, and to
so restrict him that he shall not violate the laws
of the land with impunity, as the present officer
seems to have done.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Mr. Chairman, it
1 seems to me that this discussion is outside of
the real merits of the case. Here we have an
officer whose office has been in existence for
the time mentioned by the gentleman who last
spoke. He is the appointee of the Secretary
of the Treasury. What has been said about
hisinefficiency or his want of capacity, although
I believe it to be entirely foreign to the truth
of the matter, has little to do with the question
before us. If this gentleman is not suited for ;
the place we have a Secretary of the Treasury j
in whom we all have confidence, and his place ;
can be supplied by another. We might as well 1
make no appropriation in any part of the bill j
because the officer under the Treasury con- i
nected with the expenditure is not a man suit- I
able, in our judgment, for the place. If we go !
into that discussion the friends of members j
would come up from every direction and ask j
to have offices abolished so as to get the incum-
bents out and themselves placed in their stead;
then, in my judgment, we should be months in
getting through with a few pages of this bill.
Here we have an officer in charge of the
public buildings which this House and this j
Congress have voted appropriations to con- j
struct. These buildings are in process of con-
struction, and it is idle to say that those build- .
ings, costing millions of dollars a year, can be
carried along properly without an officer of the :
Government to supervise them. The propo3i- !
tion of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Mc-
Cbary] is to transfer this duty from one officer
selected by the Secretary of the Treasury to
some other officer selected by the same Secre-
tary of the Treasury. This officer has been in
office for many years. He has been, attacked
by irresponsible newspaper correspondents in
New York, Boston, and in the West. It is per-
fectly natural this should be so. Every one who
desires to get a public building and does not. :
succeed attacks this supervising architect. I j
say here, sir, without fear of contradiction, !
that there has not been a more vigilant officer I
than Mr. Mullet has been during the last ten !
years. No man has worked harder or more !
successfully for the public service in the con- j
s traction of the public buildings; and the
opinion of the people in every State where they I
have been erected will sanction fully his good j
character and fitness for this place. My State !
has never had any of these buildings, and I do
not, therefore, say this because my State has
been specially favored. I say look at the pub- j
lie buildings erected in the country, and they
challenge admiration of his fitness for this
office and the propriety of his conduct. I know
that parties wish to set him aside in order to >
get a slice in the New York post office, and
that parties in Boston wish to get their friends
provided for; but it is not chargeable to this
officer that we made these appropriations for !
these purposes. If gentlemen want to find fault j
let them find fault with Congress, and not this
faithful officer.
Mr. FARNS WORTII. Who are the parties
in New York and Boston who ask to set him
aside in order lo get a slice in these things?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I am not going
into that now. The gentleman's committee
went to Boston, took a good many good din-
ners, spent about five minutes in looking at
the post office building, and then returned.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We have not yet
reported.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. It is time that
you did, if you found anything wrong. I trust
that this appropriation will be allowed to re-
main as it came from the Committee on Appro-
priations.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have a word or
two to say about those offices.
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. BOYD. I renew the amendment. I
believe it is due to this House that the knowl-
edge which has come into my possession re-
garding the expenditure of money made from
this Treasury Department should be known to
the country. Sir, that construction office of
the Treasury Department has undertaken to
erect a building iu the city of New York, under
the supervision of this architect, and that offi-
cer himself says that it is impossible to tell
within one year whether that building will cost
$3,500,000 or $4,000,000. I am not going to
i bring up before the House or before the people
of the country the private character of that
gentleman. Other gentlemen have done that.
I only desire to state facts ; and one fact con-
nected with the history of this architect is that
he travels all over this country, going to Cali-
fornia and other distant parts of the country,
traveling on railroads on free passes without
paying out a single dollar, and yet he drew last
year from the Government, as traveling ex-
penses, $3,000, for payments which he did not
make. Then, in connection with the Post
Office Department, he goes to the Postmaster
General and receives for the time being au
appointment as inspector, or detective, or
something of that sort, and in that capacity lie
travels free. He visited California and drew
from the sub-Treasury there $300 in gold. He
travels all over the country without expense,
on free passes, and then draws an allowance
from the Government for what he did not pay.
I ask, is this the man to indorse, who expends
to the amount of $15,000,000 annually? Is
this the sort of officer we should have, who wift
look back to old musty bills passed by Congress
for appropriations ten or fifteen years ago, and
finding an appropriation for some other pur-
pose, apply that appropriation now? The
attention of the House having been called to
this matter, it is a question whether officers of
the Government should not be indicted for
misdemeanor in the misappropriation of these
funds. This appropriation ought to be struck
out. I say if the Post 0 ffice Department wants
a building let it be built under the supervision
of that Department. If the Navy Department
wants a building let it be built under the charge
of the Navy Department. And let the War
Department and all the other Departments do
the same. I ask, for the sake of our oppressed
and over-taxed people, that this appropriation
be struck out.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DICKEY. I desire to say that in recom-
mending this appropriation the Committee on
Appropriations do not wish, by any means, to
be understood as indorsing the present incum-
bent of the office of architect. There are esti-
mates of seven or eight million dollars for public
buildings. This money is to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury.
It is necessary for the Secretary of the Treasury
to have some officer, some bureau, and some
clerks to manage the disbursement of this
appropriation. We appropriate this money to
the Secretary of the Treasury to maintain a ne-
cessary office without reference to the person
