1870.
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
1405
whom lie shall employ. I think; it' the Com-
mittee on Appropriations were consulted as to
the proper person to fill the office, they would
unanimously say that the present incumbent
is unfit by reason of his extravagance. With-
out questioning his integrity the Committee on
Appropriations are satisfied that his notions
are of too extravagant a character.
}Jr. BEAMAN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. DICKEY. Certainly.
Mr. BEAMAN. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations I wish to say, in
response to what the gentleman has stated,
that while I do not pretend to know precisely
what the administration of the supervising
architect has been, nevertheless I do not want
to be included in his remark that the mem-
bers of the committee are unanimous in saying
that this officer is not lit for his position. I do
not undertake to say whether he is fit or whether
he is unfit. But I say this, that before I should
be willing to make any change of that kind I
should want to have some more investigation
than has been before the Committee on Appro-
priations thus far.
Mr. DICKEY. All I intend to say is that
the Committee on Appropriations have not
passed on the character of the present incum-
bent, and they do not wish to be understood
as indorsing hiin. I think every member of
the committee will agree with me as to that.
They do not wish to be understood as indorsing
the present incumbent, but they do feel the
necessity of having some one officer to see to
the disbursing of this money and to supervise
the erection of these buildings.
Now, one word to my friend from Connecti-
cut, [Mr. Starkweather,] who has thought
proper to eulogize this gentleman. He ought
to have looked in the book of estimates before
he spoke of this gentleman's economy. The
appropriations for public buildings last year
were $1,198,000. The estimates of this officer
for public buildings for the next fiscal year
amount to $7,347,138. It does not strike the
Committee on Appropriations that his ideas of
economy are of a very high order. But public
buildings are being constructed all over the
country for post offices and custom-houses and
court-houses; they are being constructed under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
ana it is necessary for him to have a supervis-
ing architect and clerks and persons to control
the disbursements; and 1 think it is a very
small matter to strike down this salary. It has
given rise to more discussion and more fuss
and more noise than will be heard when we
come to the appropriation of millions of dol-
lars to be disbursed by somebody for these
purposes.
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. COBURN. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. I hare nothing to say in rela-
tion to the gentleman who occupies the posi-
tion of supervising architect of the Treasury.
So far as I know anything about him he dis-
charges his duties well. But I have not exam-
ined into that matter. What I am interested in
is this: Congress is going on from year to year
makingappropriations of money to be expended
under the direction of this officer of the Treas-
ury on public buildings. The plans for those
buildings are not submitted to Congress or
approved by any committee ; they are left en-
tirely to the supervising architect of the Treas-
ury. The New York post office is an ifistance
of this thing. It may cost $4,000,000 or it
may cost $10,000,000. Any one who looks
at the plan of the New York post office will see
that the building may cost half as much as this
Capitol.
Mr. WELKER. Allow me to suggest that
all the plans are approved by the head of the
Department.
Hr. COBURN. I know they are approved
by the head of the Department; but I wish to
call the attention of the House to the fact that
these plans should not be submitted to the head
of the Department, but that a law should be
passed expressly providing that when public
works of vast importance are to be undertaken
the Representatives of the people shall be con-
sulted in advance as to the plans and the amount
of the expenditure, and if buildings costing
three or five million dollars are to be con-
structed, the people through their Representa-
tives should say so. The building for the mint
at San Francisco will cost from two to five
million dollars. The Mint at Philadelphia, if
a new one shall be built, will cost a large
amount. The Boston post office will cost a
large amount. There is only one correct method
of legislation on this subject, and that is that
Congress shall limit the amount of the expend-
itures by appropriations in advance and pre-
scribe in general terms the general plan of the
building. It may be said that it is not for Con-
gress to go into this matter of providing for
plans of public buildings. There are not so
many expensive public buildings in this coun-
try but what Congress can investigate the mat-
ter and settle somewhat the general plan and
the amount of the expense to be incurred in
each case. There will not be in the course of
the next fifty years ten buildings to be con-
structed that will be so expensive as the post
office at New York and the post office at Bos-
ton. I say, then, that we cannot employ our-
selves more profitably than by adopting a sys-
tem of legislation that will provide in advance
for all buildings. The supervising architect of
the Treasury is not to blame in this matter. I
have no doubt that he expends the money that
we'appropriate to the best of his judgment.
We make the appropriations, and we are to be
blamed, if anybody. I hope that in view of the
fact that the point has now been raised some
legislation will be adopted in advance of the
erection of these great and expensive struc-
tures—some regular legislation by which the
money of the people may be saved.
Let me call the attention of members for a
moment to the estimates of the cost of these
public buildings, and the actual cost of the same.
The estimated cost of the custom-house in Bos-
ton, Massachusetts, was $886,000; the total
cost was $1,103,800. The contract j>rice for
the construction of the Chelsea marine hos-
pital was $122,000, while the total cost was
$373,000. The contract price of the Baltimore
custom-house was $205,000, while the total
cost was $261,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask a question right
here ?
Mr. COBURN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Were not
all those buildings built before we had any
supervising architect ?
Mr. COBURN. I am merely showing the
House, while this point is up, the importance
of fixing in advance this matter, not perhaps
merely because of this particular officer. I
desire to show the importance of fixing in
advance the amount of money to be expended
upon each particular building. The gentleman
will see, by examining this report, that the
contract prices for these buildings have been
exceeded by millions of dollars.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Was not the amount
fixed in the Chicago case ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PETERS. I wish to say a word for this
office and for this officer. This seems to be an
attack upon Mr. Mullet, the supervising archi-
tect. It seems to be generally conceded in
this debate that we are to have some such an
office and some such an officer. I want to ask
gentlemen if it is possible that we here can know
as well as the Secretary of the Treasury the
qualifications of the man who should fill this
place ? And I would like to know if there is
a man in this House who has not a personal
confidence in the character of the Secretary
of the Treasury of the United States. The Sec-
retary hears these complaints; he knows what
is said of this man of a good and of an ill
character, and if he perseveres in keeping him
in that office it will be because he knows more
of the reasons why he should fill the office
than it seems to me members of this House
can know.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. PETERS. Make it short; five minutes
pass quickly when a man is speaking.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Does the gentleman
think that the Secretary of the Treasury should
be held responsible for every act of his subor-
dinates?
Mr. PETERS. Yes, sir; he is respons-
ible.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I do not think so.
Mr. PETERS. All that, however, is short
of this subject. Gentlemen get up here and
assail Mr. A. B. Mullet, and for what? Lay-
ing aside what is assertion merely, purely as-
sertion, the only act which has been urged
against him upon this floor i3 that he had a
street fracas with an old gentleman sixty or
seventy years of age, and from the interest
which the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Locgu-
ridge] has shown upon the subject I might
have supposed that he belonged to the State
of Iowa.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I will tell the gentle-
man 
Mr. PETERS. No matter; I cannot yield
my time now. I say that the only fact urged
against this man, Mr. Mullet, is that he has
i had a fracas. Why, sir, we have had fracases
in this House, and on both sides of the House,
and elsewhere in Washington, and also in other
places. We have had a great deal of public
work done in Maine, and this officer has had the
care of that work. I know that it is the senti-
ment of that community that lie has performed
! the dutiesof his office in Bangor, Portland, and
other places in Maine, with great fidelity ; that
he has worked with economy, and has cut out
i all surplus labor, all sinecures, and has made
! a great saving on the old system in which the
j public works were carried on. And I wish to
| say in this day of attack on this officer, I wish
! to say for my constituents who have seen his
' work, and who have had intercourse with him,
and I wish to say for myself, having had much
official intercourse with him during the last
two years, that I believe him to be a faithful,
upright, and honest officer.
I will add further, that in the position which
he fills if he were an angel of light he would
still be subjected to assaults from gentlemen
interested or the friends of gentlemen inter-
ested in portions of this country which have
not obtained at his hands a satisfactory compli-
ance with all their demands.
Mr. STEVENSON. This officer being a con-
stituent of mine, I want to say a word upon
this subject. In orderto do so I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the last word.
I protest against this manner of discussing this
bill. If we are to inquire into the qualifications
of every officer holding an office for which we
appropriate money where will be the end ? I
call upon gentlemen to take notice that if this
is the way in which this appropriation bill is
to be discussed there will be no end of it. Sup-
pose that we should undertake to discuss on
this appropriation bill the qualifications of a
judge ofthe Supreme Court, it would be equally
pertinent. Why not discuss the qualifications
of the members of the Senate? It'would be
equally pertinent. Why not discuss the merits
or the qualifications of the President and the
Cabinet? All this would be equally pertinent.
It seems to me that gentlemen are disposed to
go out of their way in order to gratify personal
feeling here, and I submit that such an effort
is unworthy of them.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have no personal ac-
quaintance with this officer. I only know that
