1406
THE CONGKJBSSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
be coutea from my city, and that he is a man
distinguished in his profession.
M r. SHANKS. 1 w ish to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not want to be
interrupted^ by a question. I say that thia
gentleman is a mau of rare distinction in his
profession for ability and experience. It may
be that he has those large-and liberal ideas
which arc common to artists, and which some
men cannot understand. It may bo his desire
that whatever is built by the Government shall
be worthy of the Government. It may be that
he is desirous that the superstructure of the
buildings already planned shall be worthy of
their foundation. If he had not these feelings
he could not be the artist that he is. It may
be that following these ideas he makes extrav-
agaut estimates; but if we wish to enforce
economy it is our business to cut them down.
The question is not what estimates he may make.
If he makes extravagant estimates the Secre-
tary of the Treasury should revise them. If
the Secretary of the Treasury fails to revise
them, we should revise him. But if you are to
have a superintending architect you need a
man who understands his business; you need a
man of genius in his particular department,
and you should judge the incumbent with ref-
erence to the character to be expected in the
position. I believe that the Government needs
an honest and competent officer 111 this posi-
tion. The loss to the Government heretofore
has not been in the estimates, nor will it be
there hereafter. We can judge of the esti-
mates, and can appropriate what we deem right.
The liability to loss is in having dishonest and
unworthy officials. Now, if any one is pre-
pared to make against this officer any charge
sufficiently serious to justify the occupation of
space in the Congressional Globe let him bring
it forward, and I guaranty that the matter
shall stand a fair and full investigation, which
I venture to predict will put the accuser to
shame.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
in the course of my remarks to state two or
three historical facts. The question is on strik-
ing out the appropriation for the supervising
architect. I do not desire to say anythiug
farther in behalf of this architect. 1 have
known him some little time since I came here,
and I believe him to be an honest, faithful
public servant; but I want to say a word as
10 the proposition to put these public buildings
iuto the hands of commissioners.
A great many years ago we had a custom-
house built in Boston by a commission. Con-
gress appropriated $250,000, fixing that as the
limit of the cost of the building, and two years
as the time within which it should be completed.
I thiuk I have given the exact amount of the
appropriation; if not, it was very nearly the
8mil I have named. The commission was
thirteen yesirs in constructing the building,
and it cost almost two million and a quarter
dollars. The city of New York wanted a
court-house, and the work was put into the
hands of a commission. That court-house
has been building a little over twelve years,
and has cost more than this Capitol.
Again, one of the largest importing mer-
chants, the very largest importing merchant in
the city of New York, when in Europe received
a letter from this same supervising architect
asking him to use his facilities to buy a large
quantity of glass for the public buildings at the
cheapest possible rates, in order to save money
to the Government. That gentleman says he
was so astonished that any Government official
should seud to him and ask to have money saved
to the Government that he put himself out of
the way in order to comply with his request.
In that contract alone, by answering the letter
of the supervising architect, the Government
saved from twenty-five to thirty thousand dol-
lars. This is the advantage of having a super-
vising architect. Ifthismanisnot agood officer
why, then, let the charges be made before a
proper tribunal and at the proper time, whether
on account of infirmities of temper—and if such
be the charges if tliey corne before my friend
from Ohio they will come to naught—or charges
of any other character. And when gentle-
men charge here that IIr. Mullet has received
mileage for traveling while at the same time
he had a free pass on railroads, I only want to
say, let him who never traveled on a free
pass upon the railroads and at the same time
received mileage from the Government cast
the first stone. [Laughter.]
Mr. BOYD. 1 desire to say in answer to the
gentleman from Massachusetts that the charge
1 have made against Mr. Mullet, the super-
vising architect, will be amply substantiated,
that he has traveled on passes given to him on
account of his bearing a commission as a kind
of ex officio Postmaster General, without at-
tending to any of the duties of that Depart-
ment, while at the same time he has been draw-
ing mileage for the same traveling from the
Treasury Department. In the State of Califor-
nia he drew some three hundred dollars in gold
for mileage although he had traveled ou a free
pass.
Mr. STEVENSON. Does the gentleman
himself travel on a free pass ?
Mr. BOYD. I do not.
Mr. STEVENSON. And never does?
. Mr. BOYD. I never came to Washington
on a free pass.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then the gentleman
has the right to lecture the House, I sup-
pose.
Mr. BOYD. If the gentleman is in the other
category, I am sorry to know it.
Mr. STEVENSON, Like the gentleman, I
have not traveled upon free passes, but I do
not say that I would not.
Mr. BOYD. The report which will coma
from the proper committee of the House will
suggest, I think, a wise change in reference to
these public buildings throughout the country,
so that these public works will be carried on at
a much less expense than tliey are now carried
on. I hope, then, we shall cut off this entire
appropriation, and restrict at once any further
extravagance on the part of this Department.
In the mean time if public buildings should be
necessary proper steps can be taken to provide
them until the new and better system goes into
Mr. DAWES took the floor.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Let me make a few
remarks.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to have a vote.
Mr. LYNCH. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me.
Mr. DAWES. As the gentleman has one
of these public buildings ia his district I will
yield to him.
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, the question
before the House is whether we shall employ
a supervising architect to take charge of the
public buildings of the country or leave them
without being under the charge of any officer
responsible to the Government. Now, I wish
to call the attention of the members to the fact
that Congress provides an architect for this
Capitol alone, and if it be necessary to employ
the services of an architect for a single build-
ing in the city of Washington I ask whether
it is not neeessary to put these public buildings
throughout the country, which, as has been
stated upon this floor, involve an annual ex-
penditure of $2,000,000, under the control of
some competent supervising officer. Such an
officer unaer the present law is appointed by
the Secretary ofthe Treasury ; and the question
finally resolves itself into this, whether the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is a competent person
to be intrusted with the appointment of the
supervising architect who has control of the
construction and repairs of public buildings. ,
It seems to me that is the only question before
the House.
This debate has taken a wide range, and as
I have had something to do with this officer in
his official relations connected with the public
buildings where I reside, I wish to say that
I never met with an officer having charge of
any public works who impressed me more
strongly as a thoroughly honest, conscientious,
and skillful public officer. All my connections
with him lead me to believe that he is all o.!
that. The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Fauns-
worth,] the chairman ofthe Post Office Com-
mittee, has brought the charge that this officer
has been extravagant ill relation to the p03t
offices in Boston and New York. The whole
matter of the erection of those two buildings
having been referred to the committee of which
that gentleman is chairman, for investigation,
I think, in fairness to this House and in justice,
to the officer against whom he brought charges,
the committee ought to report specifically, if
they have anything to report upon that ques-
tion. I ask the gentleman from Illinois whether,
in connection with those post offices, the gen-
tleiuau from Illinois has any report to make
from the committee which shows that this
officer is not fit for the situation he holds.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The committee have
not yet agreed upon a report to be presented
to the House.
Mr. LYNCH. It seems to me unfair, when
the whole matter has been referred to that
committee, for the gentleman to come here and
make loose and general charges against an
officer appointed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who cannot be heard here, and as to whom
it does not appear from the statement of the
gentleman from Illinois or any other gentle-
man that they have informed the Secretary of
the Treasury thatthey have discovered anything
which shows the architect to be either an in-
competent or a dishonest officer. If the gen-
tleman has found out anything against this
officer in the course of the investigations by the
committee it is due to the House, which put
the matter in their hands, that they should
make their report here, that they should make
it specifically and definitely, go that we may act
upon it. This would be the proper course,
instead of gentlemen coming here and in this
indirect way attacking an officer on the propo-
sition to strike out an appropriation.
message from tiie senate.
The committee rose informally ; and a mes-
sage from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham, its Sec-
retary, was received, announcing that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill and a joint resolution of
the following titles, in which they requested
the concurrence of the House:
An act (S. No. 374) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to extend the time for the
Little Rock and Fort Smith Railroad Com-
pany to complete the first section of twenty
miles of said road," approved April 10,1869;
and
ij A joint resolution (S. R. No. 96) to plaee
i the name of Charles H. Pendleton on the Navy
! Register as lieutenant commander, active list.
;j The message also announced that the Senate
!j had passed, without amendment, House bill
!j No. 1096, to admit the State of Mississippi to
I representation in the Congress of the U nited
States.
| LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Uiuon resumed its session.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say, in reply
to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. LtxCH,]
that when I previously spoke ou this subject
I said very little with regard to the architect
of the Treasury. Nor was it I who opened the
subject with regard to the New York and Boston
post offices. That matter is still before the
, committee. They have not made a report, the
evidence, of which the committee have taken a
great deal, nothavingyet been printed. But I
