42S8-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
The result of three years' labor of the Ways
and Means Committee, as shown by the stat-
utes, is to be found in a few acts, the most
important of which was considered at the time
of its passage to be the one to strengthen the
public credit, consisting of a single section, and
which it is now proposed to repeal by the pas-
gage of the funding bill recently reported to this
House.
The Banking and Currency Committee, of
which I have the honor to be a member, has,
if possible, secured less legislation than the
Committee of Ways and Means. It has worked
vigorously every session upon new bank bills
•which would undoubtedly have perfected the
whole banking system of the country but for
the stubborn refusal of the House to pass them
into law. I had great admiration fortlie assidu-
ity with which my venerable and able friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] worked
through three or four sessions constructing
bank acts, which usually came in just at the
close of the session, and after the compliment
of a few hours' discussion, were gracefully laid
on the table.
Some months have been given by the com-
mittee to the consideration of the bill under dis-
cussion, and from present appearances it will
be as unceremoniously disposed of as the long
tariff bill reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means, or the short bill reported by the
select Committee on the Decline of American
Commerce.
I am not alluding to this want of success on
the part of the Committees of Ways and Means
and Banking and Currency for the purpose of
reflecting upon these committees, because I
know the work of both have been well and
faithfully performed, but to show how little
regard is paid in this House to measures which
are the result of long months of patient and
laborious investigation and consideration. Sir,
it is not what these committees do or what they
fail to do, but what they undertake, which keeps
the business and the currency of the country in
an unsettled and unhealthy condition. It is this
constant tinkering of the currency and the tariff
that plays the mischief with all the business
interests of the country.
I sincerely hope we shall leave the banks
aiid the currency entirely alone until such times
as we are ready to legislate with reference to
a permanent system; and no system can be
permanent which is not based upon the prin-
ciples of free banking and specie redemption.
Mr. KELLEY. The fifteen minutes allotted
me will not be sufficient to enable me to exam-
ine in detail the bill before the House. But I
beg leave to offer a few general suggestions on
the subject. In the first place, permit me to
say that the South and West need and ought
to have increased banking facilities and more
bank currency. The southern States have, if
my memory is not at fault, but about two per
cent., and the southwestern States but about
two and three quarters per cent, of the national
banking currency. They are entitled to more ;
and, in my judgment, it would be vastly to the
benefit of the country if they could have con-
siderably more.
Banks are found to be a convenience in New
England, New York, Pennsylvania, and else-
where, and their jncrease would promote the
convenience of the people of the western and
southern States. They would facilitate the
development of the country, and promote its
local trade and the forwarding of the crops.
If the bill before the House contained but the
first section, providing for^ the creation of
$95,000,000 of banking capital in addition to
the amount the country now possesses, with
provisions subjecting it to the general banking
law, and requiring it to have as its basis a
deposit of the bonds of the Government now
extant or those hereafter to be issued, and
limiting its distribution to those States which
have not a proper proportion, I would vote
for it.
But I cannot sustaiu this bill; it proposes to
construct an inverted pyramid; and I do not
believe a thing of that form can be made to
stand. The base ought to be broader than the
apex and not narrower. The bill proposes to
withdraw from the existing reserve of the banks
the three per cent, certificates held by them
and nearly fifty million dollars of greenbacks,
and to issue $95,000,000 more national bank
notes. This in itself would be a perceptible
contraction. But the new banks in cities are
required to hold a reserve equal to twenty-five
percent, of their circulation, and in the country
fifteen per cent. These must necessarily con-
sist of greenbacks. The effect would therefore
be a contraction that would be felt by every
bank and business man in the country.
Now, let me say with emphasis, in reply to
gentlemen who maintain the opposite theory,
that contraction is not the road to resumption,
but rather to bankruptcy. Every $100,000 of
your currency that you contract restrains the
business and retards the development of the
resources and the profits of the country. Gen-
tlemen ask, how will you achieve resumption
if you permit an expansion of bank paper?
Sir, I do not wish to attempt the impossible.
I am not anxious to resume specie payments
until the commercial relations of our country
shall have improved. Few greater misfortunes
could happen us than that under some impulse
we should attempt resumption before the bal-
ance of trade shall be in favor of our country
and largo amounts of our bonds shall have been
brought homo from abroad.
We owe $1,000,000,000 of overdue debt to
Europe. It is not overdue from the Govern-
ment, but from the people of the country.
Our five-twenty bonds have not yet matured.
But if we should resume specie payments, and
it should tempt the caprice or the cupidity of
bankers, merchants, or raanufactureis abroad
to bring us to bankruptcy, all they would have
to do would be to send ten, fifteen, or twenty
million dollars of bonds home, to be sold at
market rates, by which they would make a
profit on their original investment and draw the
purchase-money from us in gold.
Sir, our safety is in the fact that we conduct
our domestic exchanges with a non-exportable
currency. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Ingersoli.] reminded us this morning of the
fact that in 1857, when our banks were on a
specie basis and conducted their business by
specie payments the draft of $7,000,000 of
gold for Europe was the proximate cause of
the great financial crisis of that year. And if,
with our immense debt abroad and the balance
of trade against us heavily, as it is, we were to
resume, the unexpected draft by our creditors
of from seven to ten million dollars would bring
us to suspension and widespread commercial
bankruptcy.
Let me contrast the financial history of 1860
with that of 1857. In 1800 gold did not enter
into our currency ; it was a commodity. We
were using a kind of money which you could not,
according to the idea of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] put into the melting pot
and after heating it to red heat find that it re-
tained it3 original value. We were dealing exclu-
sively with paper money. The precious metals
constituted no part of our currency. Yetin the
month of Mayin that year England drew from
us more than three times the sum that had
produced the suspension in 1857. She took
from us in the month of May, 1866, §23,744,191;
in June, $15,890,956 more; and in July,
§5,821,459 more. Yet we sustained the draft
in three successive months—one quarter of the
year 1866—of $45,450,609 in gold, and it
created not a ripple in our immense, compli-
cated, and profitable domestic trade. No bank
failed, no leading house suspended, no rail-
road company was embarrassed. The business
of the country went on growing and prosper-
ing as though no collapse had occurred in
England, and no draft had been made on us.
Why was it? It was, as I have said, because
our money was non-exportable; and unable to
cripple us by contracting our currency, our
creditor satisfied himself with taking a supply
of one of the productions of the country. It
was, as the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field,] the learned chairman of the committee
has said, because our money is as national as
our flag. It is money wherever that flag floats
supreme ; it is money for all the purposes of
the countless domestic exchanges between our
citizens over all our broad land.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How is it when
it floats on the sea?
Mr. KELLEY. It is still money. When it
floats on the sea it settles the seamen's wages
and the pay of the officers. Beyond the sea,
in foreign lauds, it fortunately is not money:
but, sir, when have we had such a long and
unbroken career of prosperity in business as
since we adopted this non-exportable currency?
When we were paying specie we had, at almost
regular intervals of about seven years, crises
that extended from one end of the country to
the other, prostrating every branch of our inter-
nal trade and productive industry, and affecting
our foreign commerce. These financial revul-
sions were brought about whenever the debtor
nation needed money, as was the case in 1857.
So it would be again with $1,000,000,000 of
over due indebtedness and the balance of trade
heavily against us ever year, if we should be
tempted or forced by artificial means into the
resumption of specie payments. Resumption,
under existing circumstances, would be sheer
madness. It would doom many of the enter-
prising men of this generation who are adding
by their energy to the wealth and power of the
country to struggle for the remainder of their
lives in poverty, or to escape from harassing
creditors through the provisions of the bank-
rupt law.
1 am not an expansionist, but I do not fear
a slight expansion. The volume of currency
does not, as is so often asserted, regulate the
price of commodities. We have as much cur-
rency to-day as we had in 1866. It is true that
some compound-interest notes were then held
by the banks as reserve; it is true that more
of the three per cent, certificates were then held
as reserve, which have been extinguished.
But let me also call attention to the fact that
during last year and the latter part of the pre-
ceding year and the months that have passed
of the present year, our receipt of foreign gold
has increased, our production has been large,
and the shipments of specie have been much
diminished ; and that as this also enters into
the bank reserve we have probably as great or
a greater volume of currency than we had
in 1866.
But how have prices been affected? Are
they as high as they then were? No, sir. I
ask gentlemen from the West how the price of
wheat compares to-day with the price in 1866?
I ask gentlemen from New England how the
prices of cotton and woolen goods compare with
those of 1866? You can now buy cotton and
woolen goods of almost every form and char-
acter for currency at as low prices as you could
buy them for gold in 1860, and for much less
than you could in 1866. You can buy wheat
at prices corresponding with those of the period
before the war. But in 1866 wheat commanded
double its present price ; and the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue delighted m holding up
the high price of cotton and woolen goods and
attributing it to the expanded condition of
the currency. It was also the delight of Sec-
retary McCulloch to set forth in his annual
reports the effect of the inflated currency upon
the prices of various commodities. There is
scarcely an American product save beef and
pork that is not as cheap now as it was in I860,
and which is not vastly lower in price than it
was under the same volume of currency in 1866,
and the price of beef and pork comes down
each year, as the destruction war made of breed-
ing stock is repaired.
I hope that this bill will be recommitted,
with instructions to the committee to report a
