5182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
the office according to law, the whole of that
vote must be thrown out.
What is the effect of establishing this? Will
it not multiply your election contests ? Will
it not bring them here in swarms from every
part of the country? Because everybody knows
that nothing is more common in every part of
this country than that there should be irreg-
ularity in the appointment of these election
officers. They are numbered by thousands in
every State. They are selected from the masses
of the people. They are men unaccustomed
often to the formalities of legal proceedings;
and if the votes of the people are to be thrown
out on the ground that the officer of election
had not the requisite qualification, or that lie
may have deviated from the regular line ot
duty pointed out by the statute, there can be
no end to the controversies which will arise.
And what is worse, the result will be, not that
the voice of the majority shall be always heard,
but that the voice of the minority shall pre-
vail. 1 say that that would be the effect of
the application of this general principle to all
cases, and particularly of its application to this
case.
Let me illustrate, Mr. Speaker, the injurious
results of adopting this principle. Let me illus-
trate by taking one of the precincts in contro-
versy in this very case: I will take the precinct
of Kirksville, in the county of Madison, Ken-
tucky. This is one of the precincts which the
contestant seeks to throw out on the ground
that one of the officers of election was a rebel
sympathizer during the rebellion, or that he
adhered to the rebellion. Now. to prove that,
this man was a rebel sympathizer the contest-
ant himself calls a witness, a gentleman by
the name of John G. Pond ; evidently a most
intelligent and reliable witness, a minister of
the gospel and—perhaps not the least of his
recommendations—a Kadical, in the State of
Kentucky. This mail was called on behalf
of the contestant. Ho proved that one of the
judges of election qf this precinct had adhered
to the rebellion. But what else did he prove?
Why, sir, he proved that the election was per-
fectly fair. He proved that every man voted
precisely as he wished to vote. He proved
that every vote was correctly recorded. He
proved that the return of the election showed
exactly the vote which was fairly, honestly
given, fairly and honestly recorded, according
to the wishes of the voters in that precinct.
Let me see what he says:
" Question. "\V:is not said election in your precinct
fairly conducted, and was itnot free and equal; did
not all having therushtto vote have the opportunity
ot easting their votes freely according to their senti-
ments, without hinderancc, molestation, or fear?
"Answer. Bo far as 1 know that is all true."
Now, I eite that simply to illustrate the dan-
ger of adopting this piinciple, and rejecting
the votes of whole precincts because one of
the officers of the precinct may not possess the
requisite qualification to act as an officer of
election. It must result in many cases in the
direct and downright disfranchisement of many
of the voters at elections.
And further, Mr. Speaker, how easy it would
be, if this were the law, for any corrupt and
designing officer who might hold in his hands
the power of appointing these judges of elec-
tion to provide in advance for a contest, and
for ousting the man who might receive the ma-
jority of votes and placing in office the man
who might receive the minority of votes. Take
this case in the State of Kentucky, where the
vote was close. Take a precinct in one of the
Democratic counties in that district, where the
officers of election had to be appointed by a
Democratic judge. Take a precinct in which
there was 500 .Republican majority. What has
your Democratic county judge to do, sir, but
to appoint as one of the election officers in
that precinct a man who is disqualified under
the laws of Kentucky to act? The officer so
appointed goes on and discharges his duty. He
may discharge his duty faithfully. He may
receive the votes and record them correctly;
and my friend, Colonel Barnes, or some other
Republican candidate, may receive 500 major-
ity in that one precinct, which may be more
than the majority received by him in the entire
district. But the case comes here to Congress,
and the other man comes up with a contest.
He alleges here that at this precinct one of the
judges is disqualified. He does not need to
allege that there were frauds, or show that
there was anything wrong in the conduct of
the election, but simply that this man was not
qualified for his office ; and the vote must be
thrown out, the 500 majority which my friend
has received goes for naught, and the minority
man is declared entitled to his seat! Such
is the result of establishing the doctrine that,
in the absence of fraud, because an officer of
election was not legally qualified, the vote of
the precinct must be thrown out.
But, Mr. Speaker, we are not without au-
thority in support of this report of the com-
mittee in cases which have been decided in
this House, and I wish to call attention to one
or two of them.
There is, perhaps, but one case reported
among the cases which have been tried and
determined in this House in which the question
has been directly decided as to the validity of
the acts of officers of election who were such
de facto only, and not de jure; and that was
the case of Mulhken vs. Fuller, reported in
Bartletl's Election Cases, pagel7G. In this case
the election at a certain precinct was held by
officers who were notchoseu according to law,
having been elected in April, when by law they
should have "been elected in March. It was
objected that the whole proceeding was void
for the reason that those officers were not au-
thorized to hold the election. The report of the
committee, which was unanimous, and which
was adopted by the House, used this language:
"The committeo is unanimously of the opinion
that the persons officiating were officers He faco,
acting in good faith, and as no fraud is alleged, the
votes from the district were lighUully counted for
the sitting member."
That case covers the whole ground of the
doctrine laid down in the report of the com-
mittee in this case.
Again, in the case of Blair vs. Barrett, in
which the vote of certain precincts was thrown
out on account of irregularities, the committee
were careful to say in their report that it was
because of frauds that had been proven, and
that a failure to swear officers of election—
which was the point in that, case—was not
sufficient ground on which to throw out the
vote. The language used in that case was this:
" Had it appeared from the evidence that the elec-
tion had been fairly conducted at these precincts,
and there were no tiiiccs of fiaud, no taiut of the
ballot-box, the committee would not have been will-
ing to have recommended a rejection of these polls.
The honest electors should not be disfranchised and
their voiccsstiiied from a mere omission of the officers
of election to take the oath of office."
A number of cases have been cited as appli-
cable to this case, where it is claimed that the
House decided that the vote of one entire pre-
cinct should be rejected because the officers
were not sworn, in nearly all, if not in quite
all those cases, it will be found that the facts
wen; as stated in the case of Blair vs. Barrett.
There is another view of this ease to which I
now call the attention of the House. The com-
mittee have thought it to be their duty to con-
fine their investigation in this case to the points
which were made by the contestant in his notice
of contest. A good deal of testimony has been
pressed upon our attention upon points which
were not embraced within the notice served
upon the sitting member. We have been
obliged, according to our construction of the
act of Congress under which these contested-
election cases proceed, to hold that no testi-
mony can be considered which does not apply
to some one of the allegations contained in
the notice which was served at the commence-
ment of the proceedings. The language of the
statute is very explicit, and I ask the attention
of the House to the reading of it:
" Whenever any person shall intend to contest the
election ot any member of the House of Representa-
tives of the United States, he shall, within thirty
days after the result of said election shall have been
determined by the officers or board of canvassers,
Kive notice in writing to the member whose seat he
designs to contest of bis intention to contest the
some, and such notice shall specify particularly the
grounds upon which he relies in the contest." (See
Brightley's Digest, vol. 1, p. 254, sec. 14.)
If the committee had any discretion or if the
House had any discretion in the construction
of a statute like this, it would certainly be bad
policy and exceedingly unjust to extend the
investigation beyond the allega'ions contained
in the notice. If there were no statute upon
the subject, the rule nevertheless would be
clear that it would be the duty of the contest-
ant to notify the contestee, in advance of taking
testimony, of the points upon which he pro-
posed to contest his seat; otherwise, thvere
would be no means by which the sitting mem-
ber could know or ascertain what kind of a
case he would be called upon to meet. Every-
body knows, also, that the time within which
testimony may be tak^n in these cases is lim-
ited by the statute itself, and if the contest-
ant could go outside of the allegations in his
notice at any time he could do so immediately
preceding the close of the period of time al-
lowed by law and cut off bis adversary entirely
from all opportunity to rebut his testimony.
If he could go outside of his notice and
bring in one new matter he could bring in any
number of new matters. Hence, I think the
statute is a wise one. It is merely the enact-
ment of a principle of common law which pre-
vailed in this House even before the statute
was enacted, requiring the contestant to give
a particular statement of the grounds upon
which he proposes to contest the seat.
I make this statement now because some-
thing may be said in the argument concerning
some points which are not embraced in this
notice. I do not choose to discuss them,
because, in my view of the case, they cannot
be brought into the consideration of this mat-
ter. There is no allegation in the notice con-
cerning the failure of the officers of election to
be sworn, although there has been testimony
taken upon that subject and it has been pressed
upon our attention. If it becomes necessary
in the further discussion of this case, I have
prepared a summary of all the allegations that
are contained in the notice of contest in this
case. Although the notice is very long, all
the allegations contained in it can be reduced
to a very brief summary; and I or some of my
colleagues on the committee, if there should be
any discussion upon points not embraced in the
notice, will be able to show that those points
are not before the House for consideration.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there are allegations in
this notice that a large number of individuals
voted illegally. Nearly all these allegations
relate to the votes of persons who were sol-
diers in the rebel army. The greater part of
the allegations of the notice, as well as the
greater part of the testimony in the case, re-
late to this point, in reference to which I have
already spoken. There are a few other per-
sons who are alleged to have voted for the one
party or the other without having the requi-
site qualifications. There is some proof show-
ing that a few minors voted: there is proof
showing that a very few non residents voted ;
and also that a small number of idiots or luna-
tics voted. _ But these persons thus alleged to
have voted illegally are very few, and their votes
are just about equally divided between the two
parties to this contest. If we are to go into
a minute examination of the testimony in
regard to these matters it would not vary the
result to the extent of any considerable num-
ber of votes. Which way the result would
be I am not prepared to say, further than to
declare that the result as it now stands would
not be materially changed.
