2350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
the several dependencies of Great Britaiu in
North America, for the purpose of ascertain-
ing whether relations more advantageous to
the commerce of the United States may not
be established with those dependencies and
by what measures. And he is authorized to
designate a suitable person to make such in-
quiry, who may be paid not more than ten
dollars per day while employed in such ser-
vice, with an allowance of ten cents per mile
for defraying the expenses of necessary travel.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is that resolution intro-
duced for consideration at the present time?
The SPEAKER. That is the understand-
ing ot the Chair.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I must object to its con-
sideration, though I have no objection to its
reference.
Mr. BENNETT. I move that the joint res-
olution be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
CHEROKEE NEUTRAL LANDS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, by unanimous
consent, reported from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, the argument of Hon. J. P. Joy,
in relation to the Cherokee neutral lands in
Kansas; which was ordered to bo printed and
recommitted.
WILLIAM K. KUOTT.
Mr. PACKARD. T ask unanimous consent
that the bill (S. No. C'_'7) for the relief of Wil-
liam 1<\ Scott, late adjutant fourth Iowa cav-
alry volunteers, be taken from the Speaker's
table for consideration at the present time. I
think it will not consume any time.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read.
Mr. WOOD. I reserve the right to object.
The SPEAKER. There will be opportunity
for objection altar (he reading of the bill.
The bill, which was read, directs the Pay-
master General of the Army to allow and pay
to William F. Scott, late adjutant of the fourth
regiment of Iowa volunteer cavalry, out of the
appropriation for tho pay of the Army, the
difference between the pay and allowances of
sergeant major of cavalry and that of adjutant
of cavalry, from the 2!jd day of March, 1865,
to the 10th day of June, 1805, inclusive, he
having iictunlly acted in the capacity of such
adjutant during that time, and having received
therefor only the pay of sergeant major, not
having been actually mustered as such adjutant
by reason of tho non-receipt of his commission.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to the consider-
ation of that bill now. I have no objection to
its reference.
Mr. PACKARD. I Is consideration will not
consume a minute.
The SPEAK ER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] insist on his objec-
tion?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do.
Mr. PACKARD. I ask, then, that the
bill be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Tho SPEAKER. If there be no objection
it will be so referred.
There was no objection.
II. LAWRENCE SCOTT.
Mr. PETERS. I call for the regular order.
'J lie SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being called, the morning hour will
now commence. This being set apart under
the rules as private-bill day, during the morn-
ing hour reports of a private nature are in or-
der. The pending question at the expiration
of the morning hour on Friday last was on a bill
(H. R. No. 794) for the relief of H. Lawrence
Scott, late agent for the sale of internal reve-
nue stamps in tho thirteenth district of Penn-
sylvania, reported from the Committee of
Claims by Mr. Stiles.
The bill, which was read, requires the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to pay to
H. Lawrence Scott, late agent for the sale ojjr
internal revenue stamps in the thirteenth con-
gressional district of Pennsylvania, $1,229 81
for that amount of stamps stolen from him and
since accounted for with the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue.
The report was read. It states that by law
it was the duty of the claimant, as collector of
internal revenue, to keep on hand internal rev-
enue stamps for- sale to the public within his
district, and to account to the Treasury of tho
United States for the same; that in pursuance
of this duty he had on the 1st of April, 18GG,
deposited in the safe of E. W. Conkling & Co.,
merchants of Danville, Montour county, Penn-
sylvania, internal revenue stamps to the value
of $1,229 81. On the night of the 1st of
April, 1860, the safe was broken up and robbed,
and the stamps, together with all other valuable
contents of the safe, stolen. The stamps were
accounted for and paid for in the settlement of
the accounts of the collector with the Treas-
ury. It appeared to the committee on satis-
factory evidence that tho place of deposit was
the most secure for tho purpose that was ac-
cessible in the town; that every possible pre-
caution was taken by the collector, and that
the loss occurred without negligence on his
part or on the part of any agent to whom the
stamps were intrusted. Tho committee, there-
fore, believed that lie ought to be relieved.
Mr. STILES. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
wasaceordinglyreadthethird time, and passed.
Mr, STILES moved to reconsidcr the vote
by which tho bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsidcr bo laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DANICL K. WUNDEItLICir.
Mr. STILES, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back House bill No. COS, for the re-
lief of Daniel K. Wunderlich, of Chambers-
burg, Pennsylvania, with a substitute.
The substitute was read, as follows:
That tho Socrotury of tho Treasury be, and ho is
hereby, authorized to reissue and deliver to Daniel
K. Wondorlieli, three iivo-twenty United States
bonds of ,tho fourth scrios. and denomination of
S500 each, numbered 7-i8t to74b'0 inclusive, in lieu of
those stolen and destroyed by the rebel army at tho
saekiir; of Otiambcrsbnrg, Pennsylvania. 30th Sep-
tember, 1861, upon boin^ satisfied of the dostruetion
of said bonds and upon reeeiving from said Yv'un-
derheh a satisfactory bond ol indemnity to tho Uni-
ted States.
Mr. STILES demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the substitute was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to bo
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STILES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARCHER ft. MARTIN.
Mr. STILES, from tho same committee, also
reported back House bill No. 1176, to provide
for tho settlement of the claims of Archer N.
Martin, late assessor of internal revenue for
the seventh colloction.district of Pennsylvania,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. It provides that the Sec-
rotary of the Treasury be authorized and re-
quired to cause the claim of Archer N. Martin,
late assessor of the seventh collection district
of Pennsylvania, for salary and commissions
earned while discharging the duties of said
office, to be audited, adjusted, and paid by the
proper officers of the Treasury Department, in
accordance with the internal revenue laws.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to have some ex-
planation about this case.
The report was read. It appears that a va-
cancy occurred in said district by death of the
incumbent on 31st May, 1866, during the ses-
sion of the Senate, and that the duties were
thereafter discharged by the assistant assessor
until the 20th of August, 1866, when the claim-
ant was appointed during the recess of the
Senate. He discharged the duties until the
3d of March, 1867, when his nomination was
rejected bythe Senate. The bill is to pay him
$1,412 07, the amount of salary and commis-
sions still due to Mr. Martin.
Mr. STILES. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. STILES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on tl*e
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHANGES Off REFERENCE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, re-
ported back, from the same committer, the
bill (S. No. 437) for the relief of George An-
drews, and moved that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also
reported back, from the same committee, the
petition of Phebe Wood and Sylvia Ann Wood,
heirs of Jethro Wood, deceased, praying com-
pensation in lands for services rendered the
country by the said Jethro Wood's patented
plow; and moved that it be referred to the
Committee on Patents.
The motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, reported adversely
on the bill (S. No. 449) for the relief of Eliza-
beth Carson; and the same, with the accom-
panying papers, was laid on the table.
L. It. STRAUS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, reported back, with
the recommendation that it do pass, the bill
(H. R. No. 546) for the relief of L. R. Straus,
of Macon City, Missouri.
The bill, which was read, directs that there
be paid to Leopold R. Straus, out of any money
heretofore appropriated, or hereafter to be ap-
propriated for tho use of the quartermaster's
department, the sum of ยง201 90 for clothing
furnished the Army in the year 1864, by direc-
tion of the commanding general of the dis-
trict of north Missouri.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered; aud under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, reported adversely
on the petition of William F. Shaffer and
Robert G. Curtis for relief; and the same was
laid on the table.
ABEDNEGO B. K0WDBN.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, reported back, with
the recommendation that it do pass, the bill
(II. R. No. 1319) for the relief of Abednego
B. Rowden, late second lieutenant eleventh
Tennessee cavalry.
The bill, which was read, directs that there
