3294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
certain amount is annually added to the wealth
of the country by the excess of production
over consumption. The doctrine of protection
teaches that any civilized country is rich in pro-
portion as it prodaces everything it wanU at
home, sending abroad only whatever is pro*
duced at the most profit; but free trade insists
that such a country is poor unless it can go
abroad for everything it wants, exchanging
therefor even what it produces without profit.
Persons living upon salaries and having
nothing to sell may fancy that their personal
interests lie in the direction of free trade ; but
they should not forget that their salaries are
graduated upon the average profits of the
whole people, and if they should be reduced
a reduction of salaries must soon follow.
A FALLACY EXPOSED.
There is oiie fallacy which rises like an
Alpine peak so much above all others that it
deserves to be exposed, and that is the aver-
ment that a duty upon an imported artiele
adds the same amount to the Jirice of all sim-
ilar articles produced At home j or, if we charge
40 per cent, on $800,000,000 of imports, we
are in return charged 40 per cetit. by home
producers Oh about $6,000,000,000 of home
products, amounting to $2,400,000,000 actually
paid in order to get only $120,000,000 of rev-
enue intothe Treasury! Such a wind-bag state-
ment hardly needs to be punctured, and yet it
is con-stantly paradedby free traders. We im-
ported 78,792 bushels of Indian corn in 1869,
upon which a duty of 10 cents a bushel was
paid, fchd the- argument would be that we
raised the price of the 880,451,707* bushels
produced in the United States 10 cents per
onshel; but' the fact is that the importation of
the corn, if ithad any effect, reduced theprice of
the American corn, ftnd the foreign producers
had to accept the market price here, less the
duties, which wholly fell upon the foreigner.
This result manifestly follows in many cases
With other importations.
When any country is dependent upon some
other'for a market -for any of its products
whatever duties are there levied fall mainly
upon the producerg, and prices are pot greatly
enhanced where such products are consumed.
If we were not among the largest purchasers
of fruits, Greece could not find a market for
her driedeurrants nor Spain for her raisins;
and therefore, i ith high duties, some consid-
erable share falls upon the producers abroad,
or they do not realize so much as they would
if the duties were low or if currants and raisins
were admitted free. It is the same with sugar
from Cuba and teas from China and Japan.
Prices depend upon the extent of the demand.
If Great Britain cannot find elsewhere a mar-
ket of equal value for the products annually
•sent to the United States or to the extent of
$125,000,000 it is plain she must reduce her
prices to retain our market, and it is a matter
of grave interest to her whether our duties are
high orlow,forwhen these are reduced she can
advance home prices. But it is unnecessary
to demolish a falsehood so big that it crushes
its authors with its own weight. '
MANUFACTURES INCREASE THE PROFITS OF AGRI-
CULTURE.
I have no wish to makfe our country a manu-
facturing country exclusively if it were possi-
ble, as happily it is not. I would prefer that
the great bulk of our population should find
employment on their own land in the rural dis-
trictsj where the conditions are most favorable
to intelligence coupled With virtue, tind where
the destinies of a free Government may be most
safely confided. But this population should
have tlve highesft measure of prosperity possi-
ble. Labor arid'thrift should have more sub1
stnntial inducements'thart the unreliable pPbfits
of unknown foreign markets, and this can be
obtained only by stimulating manufactures until
they shall have furnished a liberal home mar-
ket for the food and raw materials produced
♦The prodttdt of 1869.
on our own soil. This once established never
fails, but a foreign market is always precarious.
American wheat finds no market abroad unless
offered cheaper than any other, from whatever
quarter of the world it may come. Its sale can
now or hereafter only be increased abroad by
diminishing its price at home. American cot-
ton is not sought until its quality or its price
pushes aside the cotton of Egypt and of India.
Even a fourth part of this crop, possibly now a
third, manufactured at home, has unques-
tionably raised and will continue to raise the
value of the whole crop from one fourth to a
third above what it would be if the whole had
to find a market at Liverpool. The cotton crop
of the world is to-day about as large as be-
fore the late rebellion, but England no longer
monopolizes its manufacture. Other nations
on the continent of Europe have largely and
successfully engaged in its manufacture. Com-
petition for the raw material has raised its
price, as it will of all the food and raw mate?
rials produced in America.
A proper balance ofindustries must be created
at home to- secure the greatest good of the
greatest number. The adoption of the policy
of free trade beyond doubt would injure peo-
ple dependent upon manufactures, but it would
injure those dependent upon agriculture far
more seriously. Protection to one branch of
industry, like taxation upon one branch of
industry, affects all others more or less. Tax-
ation depresses and protection elevates; but
the distribution is inevitable. To favor manu-
factures is to favor the tillers of the soil much
more. To favor free trade is to build up com-
mercial cities and drain the rural districts of
their wealth and population. All cities, it is
true, are engaged more or less in manufactur-
ing and the mechanic arts, but free trade would
subordinate these home industries and small
profits of the many to the large profits of the
tew engaged in foreign trade, it appears to
me more desirable to encourage the opportuni-
ties for the production of wealth and its distri-
bution at home than for the production of trade
and exchange abroad, which can benefit only
a limited number. When our own people are
all supplied with whatever we can produce, if
there is any surplus, and the surplus though dif-
ferent would unquestionably be quite as great,
we need not fear with the American proclivities
to trade that there will be any lack of commer-
cial agents or middlemen willing to offer all
needful foreign.facilities for its disposal.
POVERTY THE
RESULT OF TRADE IN
AND RAW MATERIALS.
BREADSTUFFS
Why should we permit England—a small
island that raises no silk, no cotton, and not
half the wool her mills require, and that mainly
long combing, wool—to take home our raw
materials, and send them back with their value
so much increased as not only to cover the first
cost and transit twice across the Atlantic, but
also the cost of a multitude of cargoes of food
for the support of millions of her people while
at work using up the raw materials obtained
from American soil? A large share of the
freighting business of the world is unnecessary
and a positive loss. Shops, mills, and factories
ought to be as much within reach as churches
and school-houses. Two bushels of corn ought
not to be wholly lost in sending one bushel to
market. Two and a half tons of quinine are
obtained from one hundred tons of Peruvian
bark; South America has neither the capital
nor the skill required to manufacture quinine,
but who does not perceive the immense loss in
the freight of so much bark for the inconsider-
able net result? Mightit not be called a small
bite for so much bark ?
Of cotton and wool we show a capacity to
produce beyond what is required for home con-
-sumption. There is no reason why that portion
which will be ultimately consumed here should
not remain here from the outset and give life
j and support, first and last, to our own people,
j Of silk even it would seem that ere long we
i might produce in quality and quantity such an
abundance as to bring fabrics made from this
beautiful staple within the common reach of
persons possessed of only moderate means.
IRON.
English iron, such as we get, is much inferior
in quality to American iron, whether to be
used by the blacksmith or the ship-builder.
Then why not prefer and encourage our own ?
The almost universal proximity of coal and
iron ores has long given to England preemi-
nence in the iron trade ; but this advantage is
already contested in the United States, and
fresh discoveries daily advance our ability to
challenge sharper competition. The largest
annual product of pig iron in the United States
up to 1861 was 932,582 tons, having grown froiu
only 50,000 tons in 1810. But under the recent
large protection the product has increased
within the last nine years to an estimated
amount of 1,950,000 tons, ora greater increase
than in the previous half century ! Can it be
doubted that this immense addition to the an-
nual stock of iron has kept the price the world
dverfarbelow whatitmightotherwisehavebeen?
The recent discovery of a mode of dispensing
with the process of puddling will, if it proves a
success, turn out malleable iron at a cost but
little above that of crude metal. Pittsburg takes
the lead I Can it be doubted that it may now
safely abate somewhat of its demands for pro-
tection? Protection to irou in Pennsylvania,
Missouri, or Kentucky assures no monopoly to
Pennsylvania, Missouri, or Kentucky, for the
people of Michigan,Ohio, and many other States
have the power and are at full liberty to engage
in the same enterprise upon equal terms, and
are quite likely to do it. This is the surestand
most potent way of arousing rivalry and of
setting the furnace fires ablaze all over the
country. These fires will be on the hill-tops,
and cannot be hidden. If profitable, more
will be kindled, and other men will go and do
likewise.
HARMONY OF INDUSTRIES.
The commingling of many industrial branches
of business is the true way to organize all the
forces of a community so that every man may
follow a congenial pursuit, and thus develop
the entire strength of all the component parts,
whether skilled or unskilled, strong or weak,
those having genius or otherwise. Then all
will be harmoniously engaged in doing the best
they know how. The farmer does not put
his stoutest man about his lightest work or
where a boy will answer the same purpose, nor
does he, if wise, confine his land to a single
crop; but by having more he utilizes all his
time and help, as well as all his varieties of soil,
taking care of one crop after another in regular
progression until the whole is grown and har-
vested. Thus he takes advantage of every
occasion for economy, and greatly multiplies
the sources and chances of profit.
Nationsguided by an equally enlightened self-
interest follow the same policy and have never
yet failed and never will fail to demonstrate
that diversified employments prove immeasur-
ably more productive in the aggregate than
where they are more restricted. Such indus-
tries are mutual insurers, and when disaster
beialls any special branch the loss is made up
from the better fortune of all other branches,
leaving the major part always successful; but
those nations confined to a single venture,
whether of manufacture or agriculture, of fish-
eries or of lumbering, like the farmers who
rely on a single crop in case of failure, are cat
off from all other resource or compensation
elsewhere. In our country agriculture tran-
scends in importance all other interests com-
bined, and always must and should take the
lead. Other interests derive much of their
beneficial power from the direct aid which they
afford to its pursuit and the indirect aid they
afford by increasing its rewards through the
consumption of its surplus products.
The greatest rulers of the world have con-
firmed these truths by their example. Croat*
well, Peter the Great, Napoleon, were pro tec-
