1870.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
1407
entered into the estimates of this office and
alluded to the history of its doings. I showed—
and I had the law which I referred to read—
that Congress in 1864 provided, in as strong
language as it possibly could, a limitation to
the cost of a certain building. In no event,
?aid Congress, shall more money be expended
on the marine hospital at Chicago than is
realized from the old building. And I showed
they had already expended all the money real-
ized from the sale of the other building, and
$25,000 more, and were now here asking for
§100,000 more to continue the stone-cutting and
the basement. They do not pretend to com-
nlete it even with the $100,000 in addition. I
showed that in 1868 Congress abolished this
office, declaring it should last until 1809 and
no longer, but that in the appropriation bill
of 186'j a little clause was slipped in making
more appropriations, and so the office went on.
I showed that this officer asked, to carry on his
office next year $46,000 and upward ; that the
Committee on Appropriations, in tho item
before us, proposed to give him $20,000, cutting
offS20,000; that it has increased from $18,000,
which was all that was appropriated a few years
ago. at the time the officer expended a much
larger sum in the erection of buildings than now,
to $26,000. I showed that he estimated for fur-
niture for a court-house in Portland $25,000.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] said that the furniture estimated for was
to accommodate all the Government offices.
The gentleman was mistaken in making that
statement, for the very next item in this book
of estimates is for furniture for the custom-
house at Portland, $35,000, making $60,000 as
the estimate for next year for furniture for
these two buildings at Portland by this archi-
tect of the Treasury.
.Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Ihavenottime. The
estimate is here and the gentleman can read it.
I have not time to yield. There is an estimate
of $25,000 for furniture for the court-house
and $35,000 for furniture for the custom-
house.
Mr. LYNCH. Thegentleman does not state
it correctly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do, precisely.
Mr. LYNCH. It is the post office, court-
house, custom-house, and internal revenue
offices.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The building 13 con-
structed, and I do not care if you put all those
offices there. How much will furniture for the
post office cost? The amount estimated for
furniture, $25,000, is enough to build a build-
ing to accommodate the people of Portland
for a court-house. Twenty-five thousand dol-
lars would build a very good country court-
house and furnish it too. I have shown you
that Congress cannot possibly bind this man.
By a scratch of his pen he may make a build-
ing cost $1,000,000 more or $1,000,000 less.
Now, is it not monstrous that a subordinate
officer—this young man—should be able to
make a public building cost two or three
millions, more or less, just as he pleases ?
Now, sir, [ desire to say a word or two in
regard to the post office at New York. A
commission to select a plan for the building
was appointed by Congress, composed of emi-
nentmen, such as William E. Dodge, and others
whom I need not name, who served without
pay, and who, for the credit of the city, wanted
to get a good building. The commission ad-
vertised for plans, and fifty-two plans were
presented by the ablest architects in New York
and Philadelphia. They reduced the number
to fifteen, and finally to five. They then called
together the authors of those five plans, the
most distinguished architects in New York,
men who had had twenty-five or thirty years'
experience, who were architects when this
supervising architect of the Treasury was
"Mewling and puking in tho nurso's arms."
Those gentlemen put their heads together and
got up a plan and presented it here. It received
the approval of the Postmaster General and of
the Secretary of the Interior. It was presented
to Congress and received the approval of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
after thorough investigation, but it did not
receive the approval of the supervising archi-
tect of the Treasury.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. DAWES. I renew the amendment, to
the amendment simply lor the purpose of ask-
ing the committee to come to a vote upon this
question of appropriating for this office. I
have striven from the beginning of this debate
to confine it to the propriety of having an ap-
propriation for this office, and to exclude from
the debate, as far as possible, the qualifica-
tions of the incumbent. But upon the one
side and upon the other there has been a per-
sistence in debate upon tho qualifications of
this incumbent; and lest the Committee on
Appropriations may be construed as indorsing
the qualifications of this incumbent, it is proper
that 1 should state that any person may look
into the book of estimates and judge for them-
selves of the propriety of keeping this man in
! office. The defense that lie has received in
all parts of this House, I hope I may be per-
mitted to say without offense to any gentleman
upon this floor, ought to be taken with some
grains of allowance. We must look into the
book of estimates and see where the works
estimated for are located before we can judge
exactly of the weightto be given to the defense.
You will find in the book some reasons why
the defense of these gentlemen should be taken
with some grains of allowance. It is just like
the boy who refused to be comforted when his
load of hay was tipped over: he went around
loud in his complaints ; and when somebody
asked him why he made such a fuss over a load
of hay, he said he did not care a copper about
the hay, but dad was under it. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, the room of the Committee on
Appropriations is full to-day of estimates for
deficiencies for public works commenced with-
| out the slightest authority of law whatever;
expenditures have been made, and we are
asked under the cover of a deficiency to appro-
priate money for them when there is not the
slightest trace of them anywhere on record,
except in the employment of men who have
been set to work by the supervising architect.
I propose to ask the House to make the ap-
propriation recommended in this bill for this
office, and then let the man who has the re-
sponsibility for the proper administration of
this office be responsible for the man who is in
it or to be in it. Now, if he can stand this
load of estimates,I can stand this appropriation.
Sir, it will bring into disgrace any man who
persists in an administration of public affairs
upon the plan recommended by this architect.
It cannot be maintained in the present condi-
tion of the Treasury. And when this House
comes to examine these estimates for public
works, as well those recommended here as tho.se
coming in, covered up in deficiencies, out of the
conamittee-room, in a few days, they will have
opportunity enough tojudge whether thisgentle-
man is a fit man to remain in that office or not.
But I am not responsible, nor is this House
responsible for his continuance in office. This
office, or something equivalent to it, is neces-
sary in the administration of this Government;
and an appropriation for this office, or for an
equivalent of this office, with this person or
some other person to discharge its functions,
is an absolute necessity. And while the office
remains in this form, in my opinion there can-
not be any less appropriation than what is rec-
ommended here; and that is why the Com-
mittee on Appropriations urge the passage of
this paragraph in this bill without indorsing
or condemning this man, because that is not
within our jurisdiction. I only give utterance
to this protest against any construction of this
1 paragraph as indorsing the acts of this officer.
'1 he committee merely ask that this appropria-
tion be made ; and I hope the motion to strike
out this paragraph will not be agreed to.
[ Here the hammer fell.]
ihe amendment to the amendment was
withdrawn.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
, Farnsworth, to strike out the pending para-
graph, as follows:
In the construction branch of the Treasury: for
supervising architect, assistant supervising archi-
tect, chief clerk, photographer, $2,50U ; two assistant
photographers, one at $1,600, and one at $1,200; two
clerks of class four, four clerks of class three, three
clcrks oi class one, and one messenger, $26,740.
Mr. DA\A ES. There should be a verbal
amendment made to this paragraph. After
■'$2,500 the word "each" should be in-
. serted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon striking out the
. paragraph as amended.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not desire to
debate this matter further. I will only say
that if this paragraph is stricken out then this
office will terminate on the 1st of next July.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion to strike out; and 011 a division there
were—ayes 40, noes 78.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following :
Superintendent's branch of tho Secretary's office:
for one superintendent, $2,500; one clerk of class
four, one clerk of class one> one captain of the watch,
1,400; one engineer, 81,200; one machinist and gas-
fitter, $1,200; one storekeeper, $1,000; thirty watch-
men, at $720 each ; thirty laborers, at $720 each ; fivo
firemen. at$u00 cach ; seventy womeu as cleaners, at
S180 each : in all, $09,103.
Mr. McGREW. I would call the attention
of the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations to the fact that there is an error in
this paragraph which should be rectified.
Mr. DAVVES. Will the gentleman state
' what it is?
Mr. McGREW. This should be made an
:: appropriation of so much for each of these
!! persons.
Mr. DAWES. The salaries of clerks of the
. first, second, third, and fourth classes are
fixed by law ; their pay is fixed. We propose
to fix the compensation of the others by nam-
ing the sum in this bill.
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend the por-
: tion of this paragraph fixing the compensation
of "five firemen," by striking out "$600"
. and inserting "$720;" so that it will read,
"five firemen, at $720 each." I submit this
paragraph at the request of the Delegate from
Utah, [Mr. Hooper.] I am informed by him
that these five firemen are five respectable
colored gentlemen, and they have united in a
petition which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Building, Washington, January.
Slit: Wo, the undersigned, firemen at tho United
- States Treasury, would most respectfully solicit your
j aid in obtaining an advance in our salaries. Wo
. would call your attention to the tact that in the
recommendation for advanco of salaries in tho
; other departments of this building the firemen aro
totally ignored, which is not just, as wo have moro
■ labor to perform, besides being debarred from all
| holidays and Sundays, which the rest of the Depart-
j ments enjoy. There is not a set of firemen in Gov-
ernment employ that has tho samo amount of work
to perform lor tho same salary; wo having three
boilers to attend to, and most of tho firemen in
other Departments have but ono.
Respectfully submitted.
BENJAMIN THOMSON.
JOSEPH WEEMS.
BARTON FISHER,
WM. JOHNSON,
BEVERLY TUCKER,
WM. D. BUTLER.
Hon. William II. Hooper, M. C.
Mr. POLAND. I understand that these fire-
men insist that they should receive the same
amount of compensation that other laborers in
the Department receive for similar work: and
I do not myself readily see any good reason why
they should not receive it. It is not suggested,
and I do not know that it can be truthfully sug-
gested, that their services are not as valuable
