1408
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
mm! their labor as severe as that performed by
any of the others who receive $720 a year.
They ask to be put, with respect to wages, on
the same footing on which we have put them
in all other respects—upon an equality with
white men.
Mr. DAWES. Tho reason we hare fixed
the pay of theta men at $600 is that it is all
that is asked for them by the Treasury Depart-
ment. The committee did not feel at liberty
to increase the amount, becanse we did not
know whether it would be Agreeable to them.
We propose to appropriate precisely what is
asked by the Department, as gentlemen will see
by turning to page 12 of the estimates.
Mr. POLAND. I do not think that becanse
the Treasury Department was willing to make
a distinction between these men it ought in
justice to be made. I think this House ought
not to sanction such a distinction.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose the Department
put in the estimates the sum for which they
can get just as many of these men as they
please. I suppose that if applications were
invited for the places at $600 the Department
would be literally darkened with applicants.
This, I suppose, is the reason the Department
fixed $600.
Mr. POLAND. W ould not the gentleman's
remark be equally true with reference to that
class who receive $720?
Mr. DAWES. I suppose it would be; and
it might be equally true with reference to appli-
cants for the positions which the gentleman and
myself fill.
Mr. POLAND. Why did not the gentleman
cut all down to $600?
Mr. DAWES. I did not cut these men down.
The Treasury Department fixed the sum in the
estimates.
The amendment of Mr. Poland was not
agreed to.
Mr. MOBRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
the pending paragraph by striking out "$720"
as the par of the watchmen, and inserting
"$920." I wish to say a few words in explana-
tion of this proposition. These watchmen are
placed in very important positions; they have
great trusts committed to their care; and they
have to lose their rest at night. I think they are
deserving of this increase of pay. Qentlemen
on this floor are generally ready to increase the
pay of anybody employed in a clerical capacity.
But these worthy and deserving men are to be
stinted by this bill to $720. It costs them just
as much to live as it does many persons re-
ceiving much larger pay. They have to eat;
they hare to lodge; and every person here
knows how hard it is for a human being to
subsist in this place upon $720 per annum.
I trust that these worthy men, who are in a
certain sense the custodians of the Treasury,
will be allowed a salary of $920, in order that
they nay have a chance to live. Many of them
have families. 1 know of several who have
wives and children here; and I ask how they
can possibly support a family upon the stinted :
salary of $720 ?
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, 1 am aston-
ished that my usually economical friend from
Maine [Mr. Mokbill] should submit such a
proposition as this. [Laughter.]
Mr. MOBRILL, of Maine. I am for justice.
Mr. DAWES. The law has fixed the com-
pensation of these men at $720. That is all
theTreasnry Department has asked us to appro-
priate for them, and it is all we felt it would be
lawful for the Department to pay.
Mr. MOBRILL, of Maine. Mr. Chairman,
there always seems to be a great deal of law in j
the way of doing justice, and I just wish to say 11
a word here in reply to the matter of the law. j
1 f it be the law that they shall have $720,1 ask
whether there is anything illegal in our voting
them $920, and whether if we do appropriate
$920 they will not get it of course? I am in
earnest. While I would curtail a great deal of
the unnecessary expenses of the Government,
I am in earnest in asking that justice shall be
done to every class of men who are serving the
Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment of Mr. Morrill, of Maine,
:: was disagreed to.
Mr. ARNELL. I wish to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations whether
. the law fixes the salary of these female labor-
ers at $180?
Mr. DAWES. There is no statute fix in#
this beyond the appropriation bill which made
the appropriation last year. These are women
who are employed only a portion of tho time,
and who are paid the ordinary wages of such
service.
Mr. ARNELL. I move to strike out ''$180"
and insert "$240," and I do so for the reason
that I find on page 18 of the bill that an appro-
priation is made for seven female laborers at
: $240per year. This is a very smallsum, and I
j think that it would be a very great injustice to
j make it le3s.
Mr. DAWES. The reason why there is a
difference is because there are a great many em-
ployed here whose services are only called for
during a small portion of the time. They come
twice a week and are paid accordingly. I do
not see why we should put this beyond what
has been estimated by tho Department and
what was appropriated last year.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For First Comptroller of tho Treasury, $5,000;
chief clerk. $2,000; tea clerks of class four, twelve
clerks of class three, twelve clerks of class two, six
clerks of class one, six copyists at 9900 each, one
meseeniter, one assistant messenger, and three labor-
ers, in all 177,300.
Mr. ORTH. I move to strike out "five"
and insert "three," so as to make the salary
of the First Comptroller $3,000 instead of
$5,000. I should like to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations why it is
that $5,000 are appropriated for the salary of
: the First Comptroller, when only $3,000 are
I appropriated for the other Comptrollers?
! Mr. DAWES. It is because Congress at a
! preceding session inserted a provision into one
of the appropriation bills that the salary of the
First Comptroller should thereafter be $5,000
a year. That provision, which went into effect
in 1869, gave rise to some debate; and it was ,
only after a statement of the onerous and
responsible duties confided to that officer that
it was adopted. The gentleman from Ohio,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Schknck,] offered the amend-
ment, and after deliberate action on the part
of boih Houses it became the law. In this bill
we have only made the appropriation, as we
were required to do, to carry out the law.
Mr. ORTH. If it were adopted in the appro-
' priation bill, then it only continued for one
year. For one I do not see any good reason
why there should be so great a difference be-
tween the salary paid to the First Comptroller
; of the Treasury and the other high officers of
( the Treasury. I am in favor of putting all
these high officers on an equality. If the
chairman will raise the salary of the others to
$5,000, I shall not insist on my amendment;
but if only $8,000 are to be voted for the other
Comptrollers, I do not see why we should vote
$5,000 for the First Comptroller.
Mr. DAWES. If the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana be adopted the First
Comptroller would get this $8,000, while he
would have at the same time a claim upon the
Government for the other $2,000, because the
law says he shall have a salary of $5,000 per
annum for his services. Not only was the
appropriation in the last appropriation bill
$5,000 for his salary, but there was a provision
of law, fixing the salary at $5,000 per annum.
If my friend would consider for one moment
the onerous and responsible duties of this officer
who holds an office second only to that of the
Treasurer himself, he would then see that Con-
gress had some good reason for putting this
i! salary where it is. But whether right or wrong,
>1 the law cannot be changed by the gentleman's
! amendment.
Mr. ORTH. After the explanation of tho
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
I withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For Second Comptroller of the Treasury, 83,000;
chief clerk, $2,000; twelve olerks of class four, twenty
olorksof class three, twenty-eight clerks of class two,
twenty-ouo clorks of class one, tvvelvo copyists, at
$900 eaoh; one messenger, $840: one assistant mes-
senger, and two laborers; in all, $130,780.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Chairman, I desire to call the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations to the fact that we appropriate for tho
Second Comptroller $2,000 less than is appro-
priated for the First Comptroller. I therefore
move to make this salary $5,000. I do so for
this reason: everybody will agree that there
is no more faithful officer in the Government,
and that his services are specially valuable from
the very great experience he has had in public
life. He has to deal every day with millions, mid
has been the most efficient watchman of the
Treasury that this Government ever possessed.
In the matter of bounties claimed by deserters
alone he has saved the Government a very large
sum, more than three million dollars. In the
matter, also, of the extra pay of the Navy,
although obliged to carry out the orders of the
Secretary of the Navy, he has saved a large
amount. I trust that justice will be done to
this faithful public servant by providing some-
thing like fair compensation, and therefore that
the amendment will prevail. I hope my friend,
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, will not deem it his duty to oppose the
amendment.
Mr. DAWES. 1 regret that my colleague
should have thought it necessary to make so
urgent an appeal to me. For while I agree with
him as to the fidelity of this officer, I do not
understand either his duties or his necessities
to be such as to render it proper for us to sin-
gle out the salary of the Second Comptroller,
and raise it $2,000 in face of the fact that there
stand behind him half a dozen more similar
officers on a similar footing with him as regards
the extent of the duties of their offices and their
necessities. He has been in that office for a
great while, and so far as I am aware there is
no prospect of his coming to want, or his get-
ting discouraged. He seems to be perfectly sat-
isfied. He seems to have had Buch a success
in his relations with the various heads of De-
partments, from time immemorial, that he has
survived all political vicissitudes, and now,
why Bhould my colleague at this late day single
him out and ask for him of all others that he
should have $2,000 added to his pay? The
cost of living since the war closed has come
down twenty or twenty-five per cent. All the
necessary expenditures are diminished. The
prices of crops have got so low that farmers
are starving because they cannot get prices to
pay them sufficiently for what they raise. It
is under these circumstances, at this late day,
that the gentleman proposes to single out the
Second Comptroller and to give him $5,000,
whereas in years past he only got. $2,000. The
country will not be able to understand the rea-
son of this. And, notwithstanding the appeal
which my colleague makes to me, and which
I would do anything to yield to if in my power,
I am opposed to the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I propose
to reduce the figures in the amendment and
make the salary $4,000. My first reason for
venturing to offer this amendment, and to
appeal to my friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to support it, was
because of the salary which is paid to the
First Comptroller. Previous to the war the
First Comptroller had but $3,000 a year as
salary; but all through the war we appropriated
an extra sum, out of which he had $1,500
more. In like manner the Second Comp-
troller had $1,000 extra pay from the same
