96
^HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
if it be more respectful I will say under the
argument, of military necessity and the neces-
sity of preserving the life of the nation and of pre-
serving a Union -which you have destroyed, you
have cast down nearly all the other landmarks
of the Constitution made by our fathers; and
could the great men who framed that instru-
ment leave their present blissful abodes and
visit the habitations of earth and look at the
instrument which you have substituted in- its
place by executive, and by congressional, and
I will add by judicial usurpation, they would
not know the work of their own hands. Still,
you have left one thing not wholly destroyed,
although somewhat ruthlessly assailed, and
that is the Federal judiciary. Spare it, that
those of us who look with veneration upon the
men who framed it, and who love to gather
lessons of wisdom from their recorded words
and acts, may see something still left of the
work of their hands.
But I perceive from some remarks which
• have fallen from one member of the Senate, and
from a measure that has already been intro-
duced by the Judiciary Committee, that the
honorable gentleman will not have the support
of all the members of his party in taking away
the'jurisdiction of the Federal courts with refer-
ence to every constitutional question. I look
upon the proposition of the honorable Senator
from Missouri, however, more favorably than
I do upon the one which has come from the
Judiciary Committee. That comes from a
body of men selected, as we may reasonably
suppose, for their great legal learning ; it comes
with weight, it comes with authority. The
bill of the Senator from Missouri is a bold,
open, manly senatorial assault, so to speak, be-
cause it tells you right out what it means, that
the courts shall not decide any constitutional
question whatever ; but the bill proposed by the
Judiciary Committee of the Senate, declaring
that the judiciary have no jurisdiction of polit-
ical questions, and resolving that certain things
are political questions and leaving all other
matters to conjecture, is a more dangerous
bill. There is a bill big with mischief, but I
will not discuss it now. I only mention it
because it is of a kfadred nature to the bill of
the honorable member from Missouri. It will
be time enough when it shall be properly before
the Senate to give it further consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is no business
before the body I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to call up
a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill intro-
duced by the Senator from Missouri is still
before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone its
further consideration until to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be referred.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I was in hopes
that before this bill went to the Committee on
the Judiciary there would be a somewhat full
discussion of it. . 1 know perfectly well the fate
it will meet at the hands of that committee;
but as the matter can be brought up again in
connection with the bill which the Judiciary
Committee have reported with amendments, I*
will not press the further consideration of this
bill at the present time, and have no objection
to its being referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves that the bill be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOCS15.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhsksoj;, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a concurrent res-
olution proposing- an adjournment of the two
Houses from Wednesday, the 22d instant, to
■Wednesday, the 5th day of January next, at
twelve o'clock noon, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced thatthe Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the Viee President: -_
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 62) in relation to
a site for a building for the State Department;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 64) appointing
General Thomas Osborn a manager of the
National Asylum for Disabled Soldiers; and
A bill (H. R. No. 331) to relieve certain per-
sons therein named from the legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
and for other purposes.
executive communications.
. The VICE. PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
communicating,in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the ..30th of January, 1869,
reports of the commissioners of the Soldiers'
Home and the commanding general of the mil;
itary division of the Pacific, in regard to the
establishment of a branch of the Soldiers' Home
on the Pacific coast; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of War, communicating reports
from the commanding general of the depart
ment of California, and the chief of engineers
in regard to the relinquishment of a portion of
the military reserve at Point San Jose to the
city of San Francisco ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Secretary of War, in compliance with the
resolution of the Senate of March 23, 1869,
refating to the Fort Ridgley military reservation
in Minnesota.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that that communi
cation be printed, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. Military-reservations have
generally been administered upon by the Com
mittee on Military Affairs. This does not re
late to the public lands, but to a military reser
vation, and should go to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. RAMSEY. But the military authori
ties withdraw all claim to the land as a mili
tary reservation; and when that is done it be
comes public land. There is a bill before the
Committee on Public Lands in regard to the
present settlers on this reservation. I think
the most appropriate committee is the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and my motion is to refer
the communication to that committee and to
have an order made for its printing,
The motion was agreed to.
supreme court's appellate jurisdiction
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No
280) in relation to the appellate jurisdiction ol
the Supreme Court of the United States in cer-
tain cases.
Mr. NORTON. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator from Illinois whether it is intended to
proceed with the discussion of that bill this
evening?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hardly expect that we
shall be able to get through with the bill this
evening, but I expect to press its early con-
sideration.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I have no
objection, of course, to that bill being taken up,
and the Senator from Illinois delivering his
views upon it to the Senate, if such be his wish;
but I trust he will agree, after having addressed
the Senate upon it, that the further consider-
ation ofthe bill may be postponed until after the
recess. The Senator from Illinois will admit
tbat the bill i3 entirely original in its character;
that nothing like it has ever before been pro-
posed in the American Congress; that it is not
merely a declaration that to Congress alone be-
longs the decision of political questions, but that
it further assumes to decide what are political
questions and to take that question from the
courts; and that it abolishes in effect all the
jurisdiction of the Supreme Court in habeas
corpus. A bill so original and far-reaching,
that goes far beyond the reconstruction acts, I
submit ought nottobe pressed to a vote without
the fullest discussion, and without affording to
those who are sincerely opposed to it the fullest
opportunity for preparation. The bill comes
here with the sanction of the Judiciary Commit-
tee—with the exception of, I believe, two mem-
bers-, possibly with theexception of but one. It
comes, therefore, with great weight before the
Senate, and it behooves those who are opposed
to it not to occupy the time ofthe Senate without
full preparation. I' trust, therefore, that after
the chairman of the committee shall have
opened the subject by any remarks he may see
fit to submit he will consent that the bill may go
over until after the recess, that those who are
opposed to it may come fully prepared to dis-
cuss it."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
suspend. The Chair did not desire to interrupt
the remarks of the Senator from Ohio, but the
eleventh rule, to which the attention of the
Chair has been called- by Senators, forbids
debate upon-the merits of-questions proposed
to be taken-up for consideration.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not propose to de-
bate the merits, but only to show what the bill
was, that its importance might be considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. -The remarks of
the Senator from Ohio were general in their
character, although they did touch the merits
ofthe bill. The only desire of the Chair is to
conform to the wish of the Senate in enforcing
the rules*
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was about to remark
that this is not the appropriate time to speak
of the character of the bill or to explain its
provisions; but I think it will be very easy to
show when the bill shall come up for consider-
ation that it has in it nothing of the alarming
character supposed by the Senator from Ohio.
It contains no principle within it that the Su-
preme Court ofthe United States has not time
and again promulgated itself; and as to the
jurisdiction of- the court,- it is a matter in ap-
pellate cases-which the court itself has over and
over decided is entirely within the control of
Congress. - I shall be prepared to defend the
bill, and I trust the Senate will pass it when
we come to consider it. I see no occasion for
postponing it beyond the recess. I hope the
bill will n€w be taken up, and I shall then not
object to its going over until to-morrow so as
to be the order of the day -when the Senate
shall again proceed to legislative business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the ^Senator from Illinois is that the Senate
proceed-to the consideration of the bill indi-
cated by- him.
The motion was agreed- to.
Mr. SHERM'A.N. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
recess for the holidays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before submit-
ting that motion the Chair will lay before the
Senate a concurrent resolution of the House eff'
Representatives proposing a recess.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
In the House of Representatives,
December 13,1869.
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the
two Houses adjourn on Wednesday, the 22d instant,
they adjourn to meet again on Wednesday, the 5tn
day of January next, at twelve o'clock noon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move thatthe resolution
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
