3296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
freemen ? Something is due, it seems to*we,
to encourage a much larger production of cane
and beet pugars, and something is due to a
recital and multiplication ot' sugar plantations
in our southern States.
France and Russia, both adherents of the
doctrine of protection in the broadest sense, do
not go on from year to year asking for more,
but have each lately considerably reduced their
tariffs, proving conclusively that they have each
made an advance. Russia, some years ago,
was almost entirely an agricultural nation, en-
joying the so-Called prosperity of free trade,
ond British shop-keepers were almopt as much
at home in St. Petersburg as in London ; but
she changed her practical relations with other
nations by adopting the policy of protection to
home industry. Her products wore at first
rude and unsatisfactory to all except herself,
but she has succeeded in establishing many of
the staple manufactures of the world, and has
made more progress—there being admitted
room—in freedom, wealth, and general intel-
ligence than any other European nation within
the last twenty years. A diversified industry
is the natural enemy of slavery, ignorance, and
poverty. Russia is making rapid strides in
civilisation, and is now reducing her tariff as
Jier ability allows, but at every point she care-
fully guards the interest of her millions of peo-
ple with the policy of protection. By giving
freedom to her people and by protection to
manufactures Russia shows that she does not
intend to be any longer overmatched by Euro-
pean Powers having not one tenth of her area
nor one half ber population.
The dense population of the older civilized
nations; their accumulated deposits of capi-
tal from the labor of centuries, and the ages
of trained rivalry through which they have
passed, give them an advantage in nearly all <;
the industrial arts over new and yonnger na- :
tions of the world. They have got the start. I!
The United States, though as facile to create 'j
■as to adopt labor-saving machines, have not j
failed in their due proportion of contribu-
tions to the arts, as the numerous trophies ;
of American genius to be found in tbe Pat- |i
ent Office or already marching around the !
■world abundantly proves, and the time may :j
yet come when the United States, if it pleases,
can enter the race of free trade as to a very |
large nnmberof articles, if not as to all, against
all comers, regardless of their rank, history, or
civilization. If this were not so protection
would be indefensible. It is competition, equals
with equals, nation with nation, man with man,
that sharpens the wit, enforces economy, and
most speedily reduces the cost of all products.
Nations holding monopolies dictate prices and
regulate markets, but the first blow of compe-
tition brings down prices as irresistibly as the
strong wind bends tbe tops of the loftiest trees.
This result is easily proven by existing facts
*nd notwithstanding the unusual load of tax-
ation which all American products have borne
since the commencement of the recent rebellion.
The words of Chaucer five hundred years ago,
applied to everybody:
" A Sheffield white! bare he in his hose,"
bnt no longer to the Yankees, who now both
use and make an American "whitel." A recent
parliamentary report exhibits a list of a large
number of articles made in Birmingham which
are already largely displaced in the markets of
the world by productions of the United States.
Among them will be found shovels, boes, axes,
cut nails, horse-nails, pumps, locks, latches,
gimlets, clocks, penknives, scissors, muskets,
pistols, agricultural implements, weighing-ma-
chines, sewing-machines, gas-fittings, lamps,
table glassware, &c. Of course all these
articles have passed the Rubicon of protection,
being bought and sold here as cheap, if not
cheaper, than they can be made anywhere else
in the world. For all time to come Americans
will be supplied with these articles at as little
cost as any other people, knowing at the same ;
time that they are of American origin and that!
there are none better. The open-mouthed
calumny that protection is always increasing
in its demands in face of these facts should
shut its lips forever.
RAW MATERIALS.
As a general rule it is true that sound policy
requires the admission of raw materials free of
duty into all countries claiming any pretensions
as u home for manufactures. The only excep-
tion to this rule is as to raw materials which
are indigenous, or such as might be easily and
profitably introduced and naturalized. A duty
on raw materials is wholly a tax on the manu-
facturer, except when produced so cheaply and
abundantly that there is an excess beyond what
is required for home consumption, rendering
any tariff inoperative, or when compensated
for by an equal or greater duty upon the for-
eign-made articles composed of the same ma-
terials. For instance, the process of manufac-
turing silk is tedious and delicate, requiring
consummate skill in all stages of its manipula-
tion. The wonderous colors, elegant patterns,
and glossy surface require a scientific knowl-
edge of dyeing, an aptitude in the conception
and drawing of beautiful forms, a mastery of
complicated machinery, and the finest touch
in the finishing process. Capital and labor in
lavish proportions are indispensable to its pro-
duction in its highest perfection. Its introduc-
tion into new and untried fields could not be
ventured upon at all if raw silk were to be
loaded with a duty. Perhaps this manufacture
at this time owes Its partial foot-hold in our
country to the necessity which called for the
imposition of war duties upon manufactures of
silk. It is quite possible the manufacture may
yet win its way to a place among our most con-
siderable branches of indnstry, even though the
present duties, (so high as perhaps to tempt
illicit trade,) should be reduced. Happily the
raw material seems likely ere long to be supplied
in abundance within our own borders. The
climate of the Pacific coast is such as to pro-
duce, without the peril encountered elsewhere
from thunder and lightning, four crops of large
and healthy cocoons in a single season, pre-
saging a supply far beyond the wants of our
own people, and no more requiring the pro-
tection of the Government than fruits in the
garden of Eden.
WOOL AMD WOOLISKS.
On the other hand, wool manufactures can
be successfully attempted by the rudest civil-
ization. Something can be and has been
achieved everywhere and in almost every age.
True it is that a technical knowledge of the
true composition of dyes, of pattern-drawing,
and of the most improved machinery gives
power to minister to something more than the
bare necessities ef mankind, and to supply
some share of the more costly comforts and
elegancies of life; but the domestic manufac-
ture of common woolen cloth to some extent
has existed and must exist in nearly all coun-
tries. The coarse and cheaply-made goods
when not produced through the aid of modern
mills most be had through the simple spinning-
wheel and hand-loom. In northern climates
woolen clothing is not less vital than food
itself, and no conntry should be dependent
upon foreign and distant lands for either one
or the other. If onr Government did not con-
nive at smuggling blankets from our enemy in
the recent war, as it did in the war of 1812, we
yet in point of fact obtained a considerable
part of our first supplies from abroad. That
a country continental in its dimensions, sur-
passingly rich in its broad extent of pasturage,
should be unequal to the production of the wool
it annually consumes is not for a moment to
be supposed. It is a fact, however, that for
years we hare drawn from abroad a large
quantity of the wool we have consumed, as
well as a much larger proportion of woolens.
The amount of wool imported in 1868 was
26,449,321 poundB, and 49,812,892 pounds in
1869, valued at $7,688,848, orat an average cost
of 14.4 cents per pound. The value of woolens
In 1889 amounted to $35,054,407. Of carpets
alona we imported 3,881,830 yards, valued at
$4,261,258. These facts prove that the duties
on wool and woolens are by no means pro-
hibitory.
It is true that many classes of woolens do
not bring first cost, but that is true of cotton
goods, and is to be attributed to the general
depression of trade and the character of our
currency; and it is also true that no wool
produced above forty degrees north latitude
now brings over three fourths of its actual cost.
The policy or impolicy of a duty on foreign
wool has long been debatable ground both here
and abroad. In France the duty on wool was
20 per cent, ad valorem up to 1855, when it
was made free, but the price there for fine wool
in 1867 was less than 25 cents per pound. The
Romans at an early day introduced the spin-
ning of wool and weaving of woolen cloth to
the inhabitants of England, who previously
were only clothed in skins. Woolen manufac-
tures were tirinly established in England in the
reign of Edward 111, A. U. 1331. Only six
years thereafter the exportation of wool was
interdicted, and the "wear of any cloth made
beyond the sea" prohibited. From the reign
of Charles II until a recent period no one was
permitted to be buried unless wrapped in a
woolen shroud. The importation of even Irish
wool was prohibited in 1696, and the non-
exportation law, as to English wool, was not
repealed until 1824. The British tariff on wool
in modern times has been fluctuating. In 1819
it was raised to 6 pence per pound. In 1824
it was reduced to 1 penny per pound on wool
costing 1 shilling Or over per pound, and to a
half penny on all costing less; but it admitted
colonial wool free. Prices fell; Southdown
wool brought Is. 4d. in 1825, and only 6 pence
in 1829. In 1844 it was provided that all
wools should be admitted free. Surely this is
a checkered record of the road to free trade 1
Very recently tbe increase in tbe production
of wool the world over has been prodigious.
The broad, unfenced plains of South America,
Africa, and Australia seem to have been sud-
denly covered with flocks of sheep in untold
numbers, and the chief expense of raising
wool is reduced almost to the bare expense of
washing and shearing the flocks, and for even
that some machinery is resorted to. The quan-
tity outstrips the present requirements of the
world. Australia, according to M. Thiers in a
recent speech, produced last year 330,000,000
pounds, and could furnish 600,000,000. La
Plata could produce, he says, a similar quan-
tity. Commissioner Wells says, "The wools
of the United States are mainly the merino
clothing wools, which can be produced in any
quantity and at prices which defy foreign com-
petition;" and he mentions Texas wools as
having been prodoced at a cost only of 7 cents
per pound, which sold for 25 c6nts in gold.
The defiance is a very bold utterance, but one
not likely to find any backers among wool-
growers.
It is possible that on tbe wild prairies of the
far West, and in California and Texas, some
faint competition can be maintained with coun-
tries having similar pasturage abroad; but it
is obvious that where any ownership to land
is maintained, or where it possesses any mar-
ketable value, unprotected wool cannot long
be grown. We might as well undertake to
compete with the mountains of the moon 'as
with the unclaimed tropical plains. Iowa,
Missouri, Wisconsie, and Illinois, as well.as
Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York, and Vermont,
must abandon sheep husbandry, so indispens-
able to the continued fertility of their soil, if
the wools of the unsold, unfenced, untaxed,
wild wastes of the southern half of the globe
are to be permitted to enter our markets free
of duty. Nor will any ad valorem duty serve
any good purpose. The foreign valuation is
at so low a figure that an ad valorem duty of
even 60 pet cent, is but a bagatelle. We have
tried 30,40, and even 50 per cent., and always
