4240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
740,983. I say, therefore, it is susceptible of
demonstration that $500,000,000 of greenback
currency would be much better for the couutry,
would give it a better currency, a more suit-
able, more stable, loss fluctuating, and more
safe currency than $700,000,000 of such a mon-
grel sort as we now lin,vo. I would therefore
retire every farthing of the national bank cur-
rency "and-such an amount of greenbacks, in
redemption of bonds at par dollar for dollar,
as would makfi the aggregate amount of green-
backs equivalent in the uses of the country to
the amount we now have and more. The
unwise and disastrous policy of Radicalism in
the country, by its reckless laws, oppressive
burdens, swindling tariffs, and extravagant
expenses, has so buidened tho people and
aggravated the cost of production and of all
things that the business of the country demands
a greater volume of currency.
In 1800 the total taxes paid by the people
of the United States for Federal, State, and
local purposes, as nearly as ascertainable, was
§150,200,000. The total currency then was
about four hundred and fifiy-seven million dol-
lars. In 18(50 the aggregate of all taxes was
about six hundred and ninety million nine
hundred thousand dollars, while the total cur-
rency was only about eight hundred and fifty
million dollars, including credit currency and
the precious metals. Against these conditions
this bill will afford no relief Therefore I
oppose it..
But r-oppose it on still other grounds. I am
opposed to this bill, Mr. Speaker, for another
reason—that while it proposes a redistribution,
of the currency of tho country, that proposition
is not made in good faith. And I will tell you
why 1 say so. Jt proposes to these banks that
may in the future be organized in tho West and
youth a different kind of conditions and terms
and privileges under which they may be organ-
ized there from those that now exist. It dis-
criminates against the West and tho South, and
in favor of the States that now have such a great
excess of tho currency of the country.
1 am opposed to this bill for the further rea-
son that it proposes to redeem $10,000,000 of
the existing greenback cuireney of the coun-
try ; and because in redeemingthat $ 10,000,000
it will be necessary to increase the present
gold interest bearing debt of the country. The
Treasury will have to redeem a part of that
§40,000,000, if not all of it, by the issuing and
sale of new bonds. I believe that some gen-
tlemen deny that the bill will require that
result. But. f am utterly unable to see, upon
the most careful reading of the bill, how that
result can be avoided, it requires the redemp-
tion, month by month, of these $40,000,000
after a certain point, shall have been reached
in the progress of carrying out this law. If
there is not money enough in the Treasury at
tho command of tiio Secretary for the purpose
of redeeming those greenbacks he must fur-
nish that money by selling the public securities,
including those ho has purchased and laid by
-as a pari of the sinking fund of the country,
and which are as much at his command to-day
as if they were new bonds, never sold. I am
unable, therefore, to see how it is that this
law, even if euaeted to-day, can be put in prac-
tical execution without an actual increase in
fh  interest-bearing debt of the country.
But 1 have another objection to this bill,
because in redeeming the three per cent, cer-
tificates the Secretary will be compelled to sell
bonds that will bear four and a half or six per
cent, interest, and thus also increase the gold
interest-bearing debt of tho country, and in-
crease the burdens of tho people to the extent
of the difference between three per cent, and
tour ami a. half or six per cent interest on the
sum of ,c'-; j.000,000. There is not much econ-
omy in tin's son of*financial policy. It appears
to me that, if there existed a bona fide desire to
comply with the popular prayer, and the order
of the House, a brief and simple bill could be
made effective for that purpose. Issue more
greenbacks and redeem bonds, thus giving more
currency and also reducing the annual interest
on the public debt, giving the country more
money and less taxes.
I am further opposed to this bill, Mr. Speaker,
because the practical mode provided in it, by
which its numerous requirements are to be
executed, is a bungling one. It is uncertain
and ambiguous. No gentleman here, with any
degree of financial experience or ability, can
with any preciseness tell this House how this
law in its practical execution will work, or how
it will affect the interests of tho country. It
may contract to-day and expand to-morrow;
it will increase the currency in one hour,
and contract it in the next; it will increase
it this month, and diminish it the next month.
In other words, its logical effect on the pros-
perity and welfare of the country will be to
unsettle the existing condition of things and
to disturb the industries of the country, while
giving no advantages or relief. Ay, it will
even disturb and impair the usefulness of the
existing national banks themselves in the pro-
cess of compliance with the terms of this bill.
I can well see, therefore, why gentlemen on
this floor who own or are interested in, or are
officers of the existing national banks, should
oppose this bill. I believe they put their oppo-
sition on different grounds, grounds which, I
think, come with a poor grace from them. I
think the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Towxsend] suggests that they ought to be let
alone on account of their high patriotism.
Well, their owners have, no doubt, an average
amount of that article, but not more, certainly;
and I fear the patriotism of many of them, as
of too many other men, is of the same quality
as that illustrated by Shyloek.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLAHK, of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I
deem myself unfortunate that I am the only
member on this floor from the South to rise
and advocate the measures contained in this
bill. Whatever may be done in this House,
whatever may be done in this Congress, I be-
lieve the time has come when every principle
of honor and justice demands that there shall
be a redistribution of the currency of the coun-
try. I shall not now go over tho arguments
advanced here by gentlemen from different sec-
tions, especially by those from New England,
where I was born and raised, and where 1 wish
there was more forgiving and less forgetting!
I shall demand in behalf of tho people of my
section that there shall be a redistribution of
the currency.
Mr. Speaker, I have listened to tho debates
on the bill with unusual interest. The princi-
ples involved in the discussion are thoso which
reach the material well-being of every one in
this country, whatever may bo his condition in
life.
This subject has challenged the best thought
in every age. Writers on political economy,
kings of finance have been staggered in tho
attempt to solve the financial problems sub-
mitted to them; and the diversity of opinion
regarding the best theory of establishing a cur-
rency suitable and equal to the wants of a peo-
ple makes along chapter in the annals of every
nation. Itis a fact of history that in every revo-
lution affecting the march of civilization, where
one step forward has been taken in the progress
of humanity toward its higher and better estate,
the question of ways and means for the payment
of the material used to attain this progress has
been the one all-absorbing question of the times.
Patriotism and the love of our fellow-men may
kindle the hearts and nerve the arms of our peo-
ple to deedsof valor; victories may be won, the
right maintained ; but after all the strength of
a nation lies in its capacity to provide the
means of sustaining, not only its armies in its
contests, but its credit ia times of peace.
The history of this country since our inde-
pendence is the best illustration of this fact.
I need not dwell upon it; it is too familiar, or
ought to be, to every member of this House.
I therefore leave the general consideration of
the bill anddevote thefew minutes that I have
assigned me to it, as it affects my own State;
which in part I have the honor to represent.
From the provisions of the bill I draw two
general propositions:
1. That it is the duty of the Government to
provide a currency suitable and equal to the
requirements of the whole country and to the
wants of trade and business as well as to the
payment of debts due tho Government; and
2. That in making this provision it is also
the duty of the Government to take such meas-
ures as will maintain the currency on a specie
This bill looks to these two ends. It pro-
vides for the retirement of $45,000,000 of threw,
per cents, now held as reserves by banks, the
cancellation of 53'J, 500,000 United States notes,'
and the issuance of $95,000,000 national bank
notes. It also provides for a withdrawal of
$25,000,000 from banks having more than in
equity and good conscience belongs to them,
and for scattering this sum broadcast, through;
out the South in a gold currency, redeemable at
all the banks, taking advantage of the provis-
ions of this bill; reconstructing the finances of
this great national debt paying portion of the
country, unloosing from the till and secret bury-
ing placcs tho immense capital acquired since
the war, equalizing exchanges, opening uj>
credit, and thus securing an intelligent, wise,
and economical distribution of wealth.
Texas in her early days was cursed with
banks on a par with institutions which brought
such woe and misery upon the people of the
western States. To provide against the recur-
rence of this evil she, in her constitution, de-
clared it a penal offense for any bank or mon-
eyed institution to emit its bills to pass as
currency within her borders. Growing rapidly
to be one of the most prosperous Slates of the
Southwest, she fell into the hands of the banks
of New Orleans. The bills of thoso banks
flooded her rich districts. The war broke out,
and this paper became almost worthless. And
finally, worse than all, came confederate money
more worthless than the rags out of which it was
made, and was for a time the only medium of
barter and exchange. What wonder, then, that
her people lost all confidence in paper money,
and that gold and silver are almost alone "in!
circulation ? And yet, sir, among the first after
the war to apply for a national bank, were the
sober-minded thinking men of that State. The
parties in control of these banks have done
more and have sacrificed more in behalf of
reconstruction than any other organized body
outside of politics in the State. The directors
and officers of these banks are in this House.
They have come here to help build up their
State; and to-day say to you and the country
that their people are anxious and waiting for
an honest distribution of the currency.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Have the people of the
State of Texas lost confidence in the greenback
currency of the country ?
Mr. CLAHK, of Texas. I have just said they
were among the very first to ask for these banks
and this currency 
Mr. INGERSOLL. Have they no interest
in that ?
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. You have given
them no banks and no banking facilities. Give
us national banking facilities and we will be
interested in national bank notes.
During the last year the Secretary of the
Treasury called upon the several nation al banks,
to give an exhibit of their condition. To prove
to this House and to the country that Texas is
worthy of the full confidence of the Treasury
Department, and deserves some consideration
in this regard, I submit the following state-
ments :
On the 4th of January, 1869, in the report
of the Comptroller of the Currency, I find
Massachusetts, with her one hundred and sixty
banks, showing a reserve of twenty three and
three tenths per cent.; New York, with two
