2352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
charge them, and they were always promptly and effi-
ciently performed.
Very respectfully, &c.,
lllCHABD M. YOUNG,
Zaie Commissioner of the General Land Ojjice.
P. 6.—In addition to the foregoing I would further
respectfully state that immediately after tho passage
of the resolution of May 4,1818, the services of Mr.
Wilson commenced. YOUNG.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is very manifest that if
this claim is to bo paid at all it should be paid
out of the contingent fund of the House. It
is properly chargeable upon that fund. The
expense was incurred under a resolution of the
House, not under a joint resolution or an actof
Congress. Now, it ought to be paid out of the
contingent fund of the House, if it is to be paid
at all. The Committee of Claims, after a careful
consideration of the subject., have become sat-
isfied that this claim should be paid. It is for
some seven or eight thousand dollars ; but the
committee report a resolution for the payment
ofthe sum of $8,600. If there is no contingent
fund out of which it ean be paid, then it will
not be paid; but that is the fund out of which
it should be paid, if paid at all.
I am doing great injustice to the Committee
of Claims by thus occupying their time. I will
yield for a moment to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Kelsey.] '
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman told me that
if I would let that letter be read he would
give the floor to me.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then 1 yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. This is an old claim, twenty-
two years old, having been before successive
Congresses during all that time. I do not
know anything about its merits. It may be
that this man performed extra services, as his
brother has written in tho letter just read.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman will allow
me 
Mr. DAWES. Well, he may not be Ins
brother.
Mr. HOLMAN. I resume the floor. I wish
to say to the gentleman from Massachusetts that
when he is referring to papers which the com-
mittee have had read he ought at least to have
sufficient knowledge of their contents to make
no mistakes in referring to them. The paper
which has been read is a certificate of Mr.
Young, late Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and not the brother of the claimant.
Mr. DAWES. Very well; 1 take that all
back. Whether tho brother of the claimant
is Commissioner of the General Land Office or
not, the case is no better nor no worse on that
account. The facts may ho just as they are
stated in that letter; but this is an old claim
upon the United States ; and if the contingent
fund of this House is to have quartered upon
it all the claims of this kind which may bo
brought up here, it is idle to make an appro-
priation in general terms for that fund. I have
before me on my desk an item of $1,800 for
advertising in a newspaper in this city the laws
of the Thirty-Seventh Congress ; and this has
been paid out of the contingent fund of this
House without, I venture to say, any warrant
of law. And now we have presented here a
claim twenty-two years old, which it is pro-
posed to pay out of the contingent fund. I do
not now speak of the merits of the claim. I
am speaking as to the propriety of using the
contingent fund ofthe House in this way.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. 1 would like tosay one
word.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will yield to the gentle-
man in a moment.
Mr. DAWES. I am willing that the bill
shall take such shape as the gentleman may
suggest other than its present form.
Air. HOLMAN. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ixgeksoll.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire that the House
shall not be misled- by the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] I
know nothing about the merits of this claim.
I do not even know the name of the claimant.
But I do not want the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to impress the House with the idea
that the fact of a claim against the Government
of the United States being twenty-two years
old is any evidence of its injustice. If it were
a hundred years old that would be no evidence
that it was not a just and valid claim.
Mr. HOLMAN. In justice to the Committee
of Claims, this being the last day that they have
for reporting bills, I am compelled to close
this matter up. I desire simply to say that,
although this is an old claim, there is no ques-
tion ofthe justice of the claim. Whether it be
paid out of the contingent lund of the House
or out of the Treasury is a matter of no prac-
tical consequence. In my view it is properly
payable out of the contingent fund, and properly
payable out of no other fund. I call for the
previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I cannot.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will not
allow the bill to be discussed, I will move that
it be laid on tho table. I want the House to
decide whether old claims like this are to be
paid out of the contingent fund of the House.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Insersoll]
has not seemed to understand a word I have
said, which is doubtless my fault. The contin-
gent fund of this House is appropriated for the
current expenses of tho House, not for tho pay-
ment of old claims. 1 am not discussing the
merits of this claim. I am trying to defend
the contingent fund of tho House, that it may
he kept lor the legitimate expenses of this
House.
Mr. INGEllSOLL. I wish to say that Idid
understand the gentleman perfectly.
The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holman] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the bill bo laid
on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am not willing to come
into conflict with the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who has special
charge of the appropriations made by Con-
gress ; on such a question as this, however
I may be satisfied that he is laboring under a
misapprehension. I ask, therefore, that this
shall be passed in the form of a joint resolu-
tion, as suggested by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, and this money shall be paid out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection 'I
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
suggest to my colleague on the Committee of
Claims, as there are other measures to be pre-
sented, that he withdraw his resolution for the
present.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose I will have to
withdraw the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Ths resolution will be
returned to the gentleman.
OTIS N. CUTLER, 06' MISSOURI.
Mr. STILES, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill (H. It. No. 10G0) for the relief
of Otis N. Cutler, of Missouri ; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that there
shall be appropriated to Otis N. Culler the sum
of $50,000 out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, in full compensa-
tion for two hundred and sixty-eight bales of
cotton seized by order of General Grant at Lake
Providence, in Louisiana, the property of said
Cutler, and used for military purposes in equip-
ping the steamer Tigress for running the block-
ade of the Mississippi river at Vieksburg on the
night of April 22, 1803, and destroyed.
The report of the committee was read. It
stated the facts in detail.
Mr. STILES. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. STILES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
MOSSY CREEK, EAST TENNESSEE, COLLEGE.
Mr. DOCKERY, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back House bill No. 737, for
the relief of the trustees of Mossy Creek, East
Tennessee, college, with the recommendation
that it do not pass ; and the same was there-
upon laid on the table.
WILLIAM D. MATTHEWS.
Mr. DOCKERY, from the same committee,
also reported back House bill No. 110, for the
relief of William D. Matthews, with the rec-
ommendation that it do not pass; and the same
was thereupon laid on the table.
KENTUCKY CLAIMS.
Mr. DOCKERY, from the same committee,
also reported back House joint resolution No.
212, to provide for the examination of certain
claims in the State of Kentucky, with the
recommendation that it do not pass ; and the
same was thereupon laid on the table.
CALVIN A. BUDLONG.
Mr. DOCKERY, from the same committee,
also reported adversely on the petition of Cal-
vin A. Budlong, postmaster at Cassville, New
York, to reimburse him $G2 83 for postage
stamps stolen by burglars and destroyed; and
the same was laid on the table.
li i'. LARKIN.
Mr. DOCKERY, from the same commit-
tee, also reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 520)
for the relief of L. F. Larkin, of Weldon,
North Carolina.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
sum of $198 88, from any sum not otherwise
appropi'iated, shall be allowed toL. F. Larkin,
postmaster at Weldon, North Carolina, to ic
imburse him for losses sustained by the rob
bery of his office of stamps, &c.
Mr. DOCKERY. I call the previous ques
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
m ain question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time. Being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DOCKERY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to recoasider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the following petition
and bill; and the same were laid on the table:
The petition of Bryan Tyson for relief; and
The bill (II. II. No. 043) for the relief of
William Price.
HEIRS OF BRIGADIER OENERAL WRIGHT.
Mr. STOKES. I am also instrusted to report
back, from the same committee, the petition
of J. M. Wright and others, heirs of Brigadier
General George Wright, United States Army,
and to move that the committee be discharged
from its further consideration, and that the
same be laid on the table.
_ I desire to be permitted a word of explana-
tion. This is a just claim. The petition asks
the Government to issue new bonds for those
that wore lost upon the steamer Brother Jona-
than. But I am instructed to report adversely,
because the parties can obtain an issue of the
bonds at the Treasury, except $300, under the
present law. It is therefore unnecessary for
the committee to recommend the passage of a
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
