1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4241
hundred .and thirty-six banks, showing a re-
serve of twenty-two and one tenth per cent.;
and on the same day I find the Texas banks,
four only in number, (she coqld get no more,)
showing a reserve of fifty and one tenth per
cent. On the _17th of April thereafter I lir.d.
the banks of Massachusetts, by the same re-
port, showing twenty-one and one tenth per
cent, reserve, of New York twenty and three
tenths, and Texas forty-two and seven tenths.
On the 12th of June, Massachusetts shows her
reserve of twenty and seven tenths, New York
nineteen and six tenths, and Texas fifty-two
and seven tenths per cent. On the 9th of
October, Massachusetts twenty and six tenths,
New York nineteen and nine tenths, and Texas
forty and seven tenths percent. I have quoted
these statements from the report of the Comp-
troller of the Currency simply to show that the
people of Texas engaged in banking and in
control of her finances deserve the confidence
of the Government. I intend that these facts
shall go before the country to prove that we
have men equal to cope with every financial
difficulty ; to maintain their credit and honor,
and willing to use their best powers of inind and
their large experience to develop the resources
of the State, and at the same time sustain its
credit throughout the world without cavil or
reproach. And I ought to remark here that
South Carolina stands next in the list with her
reserves.
Mr. BENTON. IIow much interest do your
banks charge?
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. The rate fixed by
statute where there is no contract is eight
per cent. Parties may, however, contract for
twelve per cent. Send your money down there
and we will show you how to make money out
of it. There should not be such a plethora of
money in New England and in New York ; we
want you to give us some of it.
And now, sir, Texas, with her four banks,
standing at the head of the list iu her reserves,
and showing her capacity to maintain her posi-
tion and her knowledge of the banking system,
has a circulation a little over $400,000, (the
Department would give her no more) with a
population of at least one million, and a pros-
pective increase in the next decade of half a
million. Her capitalists are here to-day knock-
ing at the door of the Treasury, with United
States bonds in their hands, asking the poor
privilege of organizing national banks without
one dollar of circulation.
This bill gives the State $4,234,'757. Our
commerce and internal trade require ten times
that amount every year. Ex uno disce omiies.
The whole South pleads for a redistribution
of the currency. Impose upon them wliat con-
ditions you please. They are ready and willing
to take their share of the public debt without
a murmur, and carry it forward with the free
labor of the enfranchised and loyal men, never
forgetting thi.t upon them rests the duty of
ameliorating the burden which their friends
have to bear. And right nobly has the bouth
performed her share oi'the work oi paying this
national debt. Would you find the cause ot
the appreciation of the currency you would not
go to the shrewd financiering of the Secretary
of the Treasury, but to the cotton, sugar, rice,
and other products of the South. Doubtless
there is a poetic justice in that. Texas alone
has paid in cotton to Europe $100,000,000
since the close of the war. At least $22,000,000
of this money is in the hands of her people
to-day idle, unemployed, _ Establish banks,
and this sum will soon liud its way into invest-
ment.
Texas needs eight more natiorsu Dan.vs,
which can be organized on a specie basis. Her
people are teady to take the bonds as provided
for in the bill. We want a bank at Browns-
ville, one at Corpus Christi, one at Itidianola,
one more at San Antonio, one at Austin, one
at Waco, one at Tyler, and. one at Jefferson.
■ The result of these organizations will ae to
41st Gong. 2d Sess.—JSo. 266.
liberate the unemployed capital, develop the
country, and provide means of exchange now
impossible. The necessity of giving more cur-
rency to the South and affording to them the
privileges enjoyed by other sections under the
national banking law has been fully and clearly
stated. I have made a special plea for my own
State, despised, maligned, and a by-word as
she is and has been in the mouths of men in
high position. I desire to vindicate her char-
acter against the aspersions cast upon her and
the sweeping denunciations of her whole people
in consequence of reports of those who do not
appreciate her position.
'True it is that desperadoes and men of the
most infamous character roam over her fair
fields, commit acts of violence upon loyal men,
and defy the powers of the State and General
Governments. True it is that some men wink
at and excuse these outrages, and by ill-timed
and unwarrantable speeches encourage _ bad
men in their schemes of violence and disloy-
alty. But, sir, there is growing up together
with the law-abiding element already planted,
and in many places full grown there, a senti-
ment which will impregnate the whole State
and will make it a desperate and unpopular
act hereafter to violate the laws of the land.
The State is now in the hands of loyal men,
those who have proved their faith by their
works, and who, I trust, will stand firm to the
end. With the provisions of this bill carried
out, with the railroads now contemplated and
the immigration resulting therefrom, Texas will
yet realize the hopes and aspirations of her
founders, and will become the empire State of
the Southwest.
. Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to perfect my
amendment by striking out of lines nineteen
and twenty of the first section of this bill the
words '1 hereinafter provided for,'' and insert-
ing in lieu the words "provided for in said
acts." Thus amended, the bill will require the
bonds to be deposited as security for the addi-
tional currency contemplated by this act to
be deposited in amount and description, as
required by the act of June 3, 1804, and the
act of March 3, 1805, providing for a national
currency. I propose this in addition to what
I have already proposed, to strike out the last
sentence of section two of this bill, and all the
residue of the bill except the eleventh section;
so that the bill, as 1 propose to amend it, will
read as follows:
lie it enacted by the S'enate and Jlouscof Jlepresent~
atiue&of the United Mutes of Amei tea in Congress ciesev.i-
lled, That $95,000,000 in notes for circulation may bo
issued to national banking associations in addition
to tho £.300,000,000 authorized by the twenty-second
section of tlio act to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption thereof,
approved June 3, 186-f; and the amount of note*so
provided shall be furnished to banking associations
organized or to be organized in thoso States and Ter-
ritories having less than their proportion under tho
apportionment contemplated by tho provisions of
the act to amend an act to provido a national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation anil redemption
thereof, approved March IS, 1865, and tho bonds de-
posited with the Treasurer of the United States to
secure tho additional circulating notes herein author-
ized shall be of tho description provided for in said
acts: Provided, That iT applications for the circula-
tion herein authorized shall not be made within one
year after tho passage of this act, by banking asso-
ciations organized or to be organized m States hav-
in" less than their proportion, it shall bo lawful lor
the Comptroller of the Currency to issue such circu-
lation to banking associations in otherStates or Ter-
ritories not in excess, applying for tho same, giving
the preference to such as have the greatest deficiency:
And jn'o'CL'li'l farther, That no banking association
hereafter organized shall have a circulation in excess
of$500,000. ,
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted., That at the end
of each month after tho passage of this act, it shall
be the duty of the Comptroller of the Currency to
report to tho Secretary of tho Treasury the amount
oi circulating notes issued, under the prov isions ot
the preceding section, to national banking associa-
tions during the previous month; whereupon tnc
Secretary ot the Treasury shall redeem and cancel
an amount of tho three per cent, temporary loan
certificates is^yed under the acts of March 2, loot,
and July 25,18l8. not less than the amount of circu-
lating notes so reported; and may, if necessary, m
order to procure tho presentation of such temporary
loan certificates for redemption, give notice to tho
holders thereof, by publication or otherwise, that
oertain of sa id certificates, (which shall bedesignated
by number, date, and amount,) shall cease to, bear
interest from and after a day to be designated in such
notice, and that the certificates so designated shall
no longer be available as any portion of tho lawful
money reserve in the possession of any national
banking association, and after the day designated in
such notice no interest shall be paid on such certifi-
cates, and they shall not thereafter be counted as a
part of tho reserve of any banking association.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That after the
expiration of six months from the passage of this
act any banking association located in any State, hav-
ing more than its proportion of circulation, may
bo removed to any State having less than its pro-
portion of circulation, under such rules and regu-
lations as the Comptroller of tho Currency, with
the approval of tho Secretary of the Treasury, may
require: Provided, That the amount of tho issue of
said banks shall not bo deducted from the amount
of new issue provided for in this act.
If gentlemen will examine my amendment
they will see that by it I retain in this bill tliose
provisions of the first and second sections
which provide for an addition to the national
banking currency of $50,000,000.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman yield
to ine for a question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. ALLISON. If I understand the purport
of the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] he proposes to strike out the
sections of this bill which provide for a redis-
tribution of the present amount of national
bank currency.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir.
Mr. ALLISON. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to leave the tenth section in the bill ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The distribution of the
additional currency is secured by the text of
the first scctiou, which may need some amend-
ment, that now reads:
And the amount of notes so provided shall lie fur-
nished to banking associations organized or to bo
organized in those States and Territories having less
than their proportion under tho apportionment con-
templated by the provisions of tho act to amend
an act to provide a national currency, &e.
Mr. ALLISON. But there is a subsequent
section—I think it is section ten—which pro-
vides that after all this is done there shall be
an additional redistribution of $2o,000,000 of
the currency now in circulation.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have not retained that
section.
Mr. ALLISON. I think it should be retained.
Mr. BINGHAM. That section can be offered
in addition should my amendment prevail. 1
wish, now to explain to the House the full effect
of my amendment. It gives to the country
§50,000,000 additional banking capital, sub-
ject to the conditions and regulations of the
currency acts of 18G4 and 18G5. I think, Mr.
Speaker, that the members of this House can-
not be ignorant of the fact that this additional
banking capital is a requirement of this coun-
try, a want of this country, and at this moment,
is demanded by the American people. There
is no question about the security of this cur-
rency. It is under all the guards and limita-
tions of the existing law. No man as a mere
bill-holder has ever suffered the loss of a dollar
on account of a national bank failing to meet its
obligations and going into liquidation under
the provisions of the present national banking
law.
The effect of the amendment which I pro-
pose is, first, to prevent a funding of the out-
standing three per cent, certificates at_ four
and a half per cent., as provided in the original
bill, thereby saving to the American people
that additional burden proposed to be imposed
upon them without any compensation what-
ever. The proposed amendment will also save
tho people from another effect which would
flow from the passage of the original bill in its
present form—an increase of the national debt.
My amendment proposes to strike out the last
clause of the second section, which provides
for funding $50,000,000 of the non-mterest-
bearing debt of the nation, known as legal-
tender notes," at four and a half per cent,, to
