1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3297
with the same result. Nothing short of a spe-
cific duty will give any positive protection. It
is true that the present prices of wool are so
low that the number of sheep has been very
greatly reduced within the last year in Austra-
lia as well as in large portions of the United
Slates. No industry there orhere now pays less
profit than sheep husbandry 5 but it may legiti-
mately be ex peeled henceforth to improve. Be-
sides this, it ought never to be forgotten that
the fiber of most foreign wool is exceedingly
tender, while that grown in the United States
is strong. Cloth made of American wool is
ranch more durable than that made of foreign
wool. Tlie future of the American wool-grower
is not too bright j it has no advantages to ex-
cite envy; and it is the duty of an American
Congress to do all in its power to preserve one
of the highest forms of agricultural industry,
and at all hazards to save it from being crushed
by evasions of the law, by the patrons of free-
trade opinions, or by the blind selfishness of a
few manufacturers. The exaggerated prices
of wool and woolens during the war have passed
by, and free-traders would have ua believe that
the present low prices are the legitimate result
of high protective duties. . They predicted, on
the passage of the wool tariff, that the poor
mail would have to pay many dollars in the
shape of a bounty to the wool-grower on every
suit of clothes bought; but it so happens that
the poor man never bought woolen clothes
cheaper than at the present moment. The
consumer has nothing to complain of, and has
not been sheared by the wool-grower.
THK eOTTOH TRADE.
The price of cotton having doubled and its
manufacture having been extended among
many nations heretofore nearly altogether de-
pendent upon England for cotton staffs, com-
petition is likely to maintain high prices for
the raw material, although the supply of the
world is no less than in 1860, when England
monopolized the crop. On the continent of
Europe and in India as well as the United
States they have begun to spin and weave for
themselves. Lancashire suffers. Her people
are ont of work, and denounce free trade and
the reciprocity treaty with France. Thereupon
the London Times of September 18, 1869,
discourses as follows, namely:
"Why, for example, should the Americans, who
used to be well pleased that we should spin cotton
while they grew it, resolve now to be spinners and
growers too? Why, again, should, we be told, as
a correspondent did tell us plainly, that we had bet-
ter let the Hindoos resume their old trade of cotton
ftpinning awl work up the produce of their own
fields ? How is it that France finds it for her advan-
tage to take np this manufacture which was our
monopoly so short a time ago?" * * * *
" New cotton fields have been opened, but new cot-
ton factories have been opened too, some under the
shelter of pioteo^on, some perhaps in a more natural
atmosphere. There is a more extensive demand for
the raw material, which rises in price accordingly,
and that rise in price deprives ns of a condition essen-
tial to the superiority we once maintained."
This is a confession from which we ought to
profit. The workingmen of Great Britain are
Jn distress. The guardians of charities for the
"poor cannot relieve the sore wants of all their
supplicants. Bat her statesmen do not find
any relief springing from their so-called sys-
tem of free trade. That neither feeds their
people nor furnishes a market for their pro-
ducts, when other nations begin to assert their
independence and their freedom from British
monopoly. We may commiserate their peo-
ple, but we cannot yet afford to adopt their
policy.
this jrgw forces OP LABOa-aAVINQ HA chinks.
New inventions and the application of labor-
saving machines in modern times have greatly
improved the condition of laborers. They are
no longer slaves and serfs, nor are they treated
as beasts of burden, but as men responsible
for their acts and to whom others are equally
responsible. Under our free form of go^ern-
®ent, with no hereditary estates, all or nearly
all of our citizens are engaged in some indus-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 207.
trial employment or business which demands
a chief share of their time. Age and physical
infirmity furnish almost the sole exceptions to
this rule.
In 1841, Chevalier, a distinguished French
author, sought numerical expressions for the
advance in productive power caused by modern
improvements, which were not only curious
but seem to have been unimpeachable as to
theit general accuracy. Since that date further
•advances have been made, but he then esti-
mated the increase of power as tamanufacture
of iron as twenty-five or thirty to one; of bread,
since the time of Homer, as one hundred and
forty-four to one; of cotton fabrics within the
last century, as three hundred and twenty to
one. He also found that one American in the
transport of goods was equal to six thousand
six hundred and fifty-nine of the subjects of
Montezuma, and that one man attending a
nujle in England or America is equal to three
thousand two hundred and sixty-four natives
of India spinning by hand. The author of
Plutology sajs, that forty years ago three men
with difficulty made four thousand sheets of
paper per day ; now they easily produce sixty
thousand. Lace used to be produced by hand
at the rate of three meshes per minute, but a
Nottingham machine will now bring it forth at
the rate of about twenty-four thousand meshes
per minute. Three tons of coal, it has been
estimated, will give an amount of force equal
to a strong man working twenty years, three
hundred days in each year. All this is modern.
The present age is so much in advance of the
past, and this advance is for the benefit of the
whole race, and not for feudal chiefs, or a few
aristocrats, or a single nation.
The improvements in agriculture from its
nature could not be expected to show such
conspicuous strides; but it is a moderate esti-
mate to say that the agriculturist who seizes
hold of the best and most improved implements
does one half better than could his father in
the old way. Human labor ia abridged and
yet brings about greater results. In the bleach-
ing of linens the work of eight months is now
performed in a single hour. First, sulphuric
acid, then chlorine, and last, chloride of lime,
has supplanted the ley and buttermilk and
green grass of Holland, and linens may be
bleached without much loss of time wherever
they are made. Obviously intelligence, not
mere muscle, how contends for the mastery.
Labor is lifted from its degradation and carries
no unnecessary load on its back.
In order that any country should largely in-
crease its wealth, it must increase its material
productiveness, and this can only be done by
adding to such forces as may have been be-
stowed by nature upon the country and its
people, the artificial forces of steam and other
labor-savinginstrumentalities. Free trade in-
vites a trial of strength and skill on an empty
stomach with all the world, but extends no
welcome to any auxiliary power beyond the
naked hands. Protection, on the contrary,
brings out as a well-fed reinforcement all the
engines and marvelous contrivances of human
wit from the foundation of the world. It guar-
anties capital at the outset against a total loss
if it shall venture to enlist the impassioned
forces of fire and water. It employs the engine,
a dumb giant, whose hairs are not yet gray with
age, to do the work of a regiment of men with-
out a cry of pain or fatigue. It eren aids agri-
culture. There it does not merely fret the sur-
face of the earth with the prong of a tree, the
old plow of Cincinnatus, but with a steel plow,
or with a gang of steam plows it plunges deeply
into the virgin soil, turning the whole field
upside down, and is rewarded by a crop of a
hundredfold. With the hand-sickle it no
longer gathers a few sheaves; but with the Amer-
ican reaper, more potent than the war-chariots
drawn by the elephants of Hannibal, harvests
acre after acre of the golden grain iu a single
day; It does sot doom the blacksmith to the
hard labor of earning twenty-five cents per day
by making 6 or 8 pounds of hob nails,* but
pays $1 50 per day, and with a carious Amer-
ican machine makes as many hundred pounds,
and crowds the market with cut nails, much,
better for use, at a price only a little more than
one fourth of a cent peT pound above that of
bar iron. Through an American machine, too,
almost as intelligent as appeared of old the
automaton chess-player, and attended by a
child only, the long iron wires are changed in
the twinkling of an eye to wood screws, supe-
rior to anything ever before seen and for much
less than half the former cost.
Steel, the elder brotherof iron, by the slight,
additional protection afforded in the tariff uf
1861, has heen so far established as an Ameri-
can product as to sensibly diminish its present
cost. The Bessemer steel, made from pig iron,
is one of the great and most beautiful triumphs o t'
science; and the new process ofmelting wrought
iron in a hot bath of pig iron, aud thereby con-
verting the whole mass into steel, promises to
revolutionize price®, and place steel on a par
with iron. Protection stimulates human genius
and produces wonderful works, but free trade
relies not upon sweat of the brain, but upon
Sweat of the brow alone, measuring its products
by the measure of past generations, and desires
to slumber and to be let alone. Protection
means progress, or individual and national ad-
vancement. Free trade means where no manu-
factures exist there none ever ought to exist.
It strikes the forge, the loom, the .engine with
paralysis.
It must be conceded that it was not alone
the advantage of numbers possessed by the
North which enabled the Government to achieve
a victory over the late rebellion, but it was also
its mighty auxiliaries, in the shape of water-
moving and steam-propelling mills and machin-
ery. The force of the free States was thus
more than duplicated, and this gave them
power and vigor to conduct the prolonged con-
test with less expenditure and more assurances
comparatively, day by day, of ultimate success.
The seceding States were stronger at the first
shot than at any day thereafter. The loyal
States girded up their loins year by year, and
at the close of the contest would have regarded
it almost as a holiday to have been afforded a
fair opportunity for a deadly grapple with one
or two of the first-rate Pow'era of Europe. For-
eign foes rather than kinsmen were hungered
after. Our Army and Navy were not only large,
but they were in fighting order, especially if only
ordered to avenge national injuries, received
while our hands were tied, and. because they
were tied. Our mills,.foundeeies,.and machin-
ery remedied all deficiencies almost as soon
as known. This, additional force, beyond all
doubt, had been created by tariffs for revenue
with:moderate discriminations for protection,
which discriminations were most opportunely
invigorated by the act of 1861, and, it may be
added, weresubsequently largely increased. In
any contest which the future may have in store
for us with any foreign Power, especially a
maritime Power, this auxiliary force will be
vastly more important. If we mean to accept
and hold the rank of a first-rate Power among
nations we cannot forego the many ad van -
: tages of manufactures and the mechanic arts.
Here lies the royal road to power and inde-
; pendence. During the late contest the people
of the South, with more cotton than all the
world beside, were distressed.for even common
sewing thread. It was like the story of-r-
"Water, water, every whete,
Nor any drop to drink."
To maintain an undoubted independence our
role of construction must embrace all the in-
dispensable articles, from the least to the great-
est, from a needle to an iron-clad ship. Our
national pride demands that we shall not now
* More than two hundred years ago, when hob nafls
were just supplanting wooden pins, Fuller, iu the
Worthies of ^England, says" that coin of gold and
silver may bei better spared in a Commonwealth than
nails."
