1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
395
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Northern Pacific Railroad-—Mr. Ferry,
Ho. of Reps,
guished citizen. The document which I now-
read explains itself:
[Special Ordors, No. 279.]
Head^oakters Fifth Militabt DisIkict,
State of Texas,
Austin, Texas, November 27,1869.
[Extract.]
X. The following appointments to civil offico are
hereby made:
Colonel Moses B. Walker, United States Army,
Cretired,) to be judge of the supreme court. State of
Texas, mce A. H. Latimer, resigned ; Captain Ver-
planok Van Antwerp, military storekeeper, quarter-
master's department, TJnitod State? Army, to be
judge of the fourth judicial district, State of Texas,
vice Walker, appointed judge of the supreme court.
The above appointments to take effect December
1,1869. *«<***
VII. The following appointments to civil office are
hereby made:
&'an Saba county.—A. J. McLurnett, to be county
surveyor, to fill a vacancy.
Grimes county.—Horatio Woodward, to be county
commissioner, vice J. T. Ferguson, whoseresignation
is hereby accepted.
The appointees will forward to this headquarters
the oath prescribed by act of Congress approved July
2,1862, and will qualify in all other respects as re-
quired by the laws of this State. *• •'
By command of Brevet Major General Reynolds:
. II. CLAY WOOD,
Azsirrlant Adjutant General.
You there have the appointmentof a supreme
judge and a county commissioner incorporated
in the same order. I might read a similar
document for every day in the year, including
the promulgation of the results of military
commissions that had been sitting in judgment
upon the lives and fortunes of the citizen. But,
sir, I shall not detain the House longer upon
this subject. It is a matter of common noto-
riety throughout the country that these military
governments were controlledand administered,
not by any prescribed or recognized rules of
law, but by the simple whim, opinion, or will
of the commanding general, from whose decis-
ion there was no appeal.
Mr. Speaker, I am not one of the many who
claim to possess all the honor, all the honesty,
and all the patriotism; but, upon the contrary,
I am always willing to concede to my neighbor
justwhatlclaimformyself, honesty and purity
of motive. I therefore conclude that many
gentlemen who differ from me are quite as anx-
ious as I am to promote good government at
the South; and to those gentlemen I shall for
a single moment address myself. Let us sup-
pose, for the sake of argument, that all that is
said of the South and its people is true. Of
course I make no such admission, for my long
association with them has taught me that all
those stories are purely sensational. But I
am going to suppose for a moment that they
have some foundation in fact.
Now, I wish to ask my friends on the other
side of the Chamber a question. Suppose that
in the States of the North—we will take New
England for example—that all your leading
and respectable white citizens, all your lead-
ing lawyers, all your leading physicians, all
your leading merchants, and all your leading
manufacturers were disfranchised and disquali-
fied from holding any official positions; and
that carpet-baggers were imported from the
West in sufficient numbers to fill all your offices,
and negroes from the South in sufficient num-
bers to elect them—I wish to know how long
it would be before we should hear the story of
Kuklux Klans in loyal New England? Oh, if
you would promote peace, if you would have
a restored Union upon the broad and just prin-
ciples of your Constitution; if you would make
the States of the South an element of strength
rather than of weakness; if you would teach
the southern youth to bow with respectful ad-
miration to the flag against which their fathers
fought, treat them as American citizens rather
than as a common enemy. If the counsels of
Mr. Greeley and statesmen such as he could
prevail, and general relief from political dis-
abilities follow, it would do more to strengthen
the cause of the Union than all the fundamental
conditions that you may impose.
I have no fine-spun theory to present, nor
shall I draw upon my imagination 1'or pictorial
scenes to sustain a cause which I know to be
just. Neither shall I quote history to prove
to this House that a prescriptive policy of
political disfranchisement is sowing the seed
of disorder and discontent throughout a dis-
trict of country that will, in time, hold the
balance of political power in this nation. I
speak from the standpoint of an American
citizen unbiased by partisan feeling, but as
God is my judge, to contribute my humble mite
in the inauguration of a policy which I believe
will bring'peace, prosperity, and happiness to
the American people. Human nature is ever
the same, and persons surrounded by similar
circumstances are ever liable to take a like
course. This fact is demonstrated and most
perfectly illustrated by the action of individuals
iu the late civil war. When the storm of revo-
lution was first beginning to gather, the native
of the extreme northern portion of our coun-
try, who had emigrated South, or who was
sojourning there was the first to snuff its breezes,
and falling into the revolutionary train, gave
volume to the movement and added strength
and force to the cause.
I do not believe, as many do, that our late
war was theeulminatio#of a plot formed thirty
years previous. In my judgment every fact and
circumstance points to a different conclusion.
I believe, however, that it was inevitable and
could not have been averted. 1 believe that
it resulted from an error of the fathers, and
believing that, I am not disposed to hold this
generation responsibla for a war growing out
of a defect in our Constitution which they
could not prevent, and over which they had no
control. It is but fair to suppose that every one
of the distinguished generals within the sound
of my voice, had he have been born, reared,
and educated in the South, would have been
enlisted on that side of the question, and by the
force of your own legislation would have "been
this day disfranchised.
It is a prominent fact that the men who vol-
unteered in the army of the confederacy be-
long to the same class as those who fought the
battles of the Union. It was a mere question
of geographical position, education, or interest,
and the men who made the best soldiers on
both sides during the war are the men who
make the best citizens to-day. By your sys-
tem of disfranchisement those men are driven
into retirement, to the great detriment of every
material interest of the State, depriving the
nation of their counsel and advice. Learned
lawyers are driven from the bench and their
places filled by men without talent, without
reputation, without honor, and without educa-
tion ; whose only recommendation for that
high and exalted station is their capacity to
swear. Profound, thoughtful, able, and patri-
olic statesmen remain in retirement, and their
places are occupied in the legislative cham-
bers by political adventurers and a few mod-
em nondescripts culled from an ignorant,
depraved, and a semi-barbarous race.
When General Grant expressed that beau-
tiful, that sublime, that God-like sentiment,
"Let us have peace," it reverberated through-
out the length and breadth of this broad land,
nowhere finding a more welcome response
than in the hearts of the southern people. I
submit it to this House, I submit it to the
country, has this Administration given us
peace V Many of us complained bitterly against
the resolution of the Chicago convention in
1864, which declared that three years of war
had failed to restore the Union. Since then six
years have been added t  the strife, making in
the aggregate four years of war and five of
peace; and yet the Union is not restored.
Look at Georgia, with her glorious history in
the past; one of the original thirteen colonies,
around whose hallowed history cluster the rec-
ollections of many a hard-fought battle for
freedom. Think of her early associations.
Look back to those days when her sons were
leading the vanguard in that desperate strug-
gle for national independence. Review her his-
tory, and from the first dawnings of American
freedom down to the inauguration of the great
civil war she stands a proud and a model peer
among this great nation of sovereign States.
This was Georgia as she came to us from
the hands of the fathers ; this was the Georgia
of old. How different to-day! Travel through-
out her limits and you see sorrow, care, anx-
iety, and uncertainty depicted upon every coun-
tenance save only those who are there to plun-
der and oppress! Torn by internal feuds,
wrapped in an anaconda of fraud and corrup-
tion, cursed with a misrule which is worse than
despotism, for it is anarchy, and overrun by an
unscrupulous horde of white and black laza-
roni who are plundering her public treasury
and growing rich from their daily pocketing
extorted from her sons and daughters of toil,
she is dragged as a dead and yet a living sacri-
fice at the chariot wheels of the body-politic.
That is the Georgia of to-day ; a child of recon-
struction, a bastard province of Congress. In
viewing the picture of Georgia you see the
photograph of the entire South. Masters, look
upon your work. Aretaitecte, behold your edi-
fice, and then 11 congratulate the country upon
the assured success of your reconstruction
policy."
Northern Pacific Railroad.
REMARKS OF HON. T. W. FERRY,
01' MICHIGAN.
Iu the House of Representatives,
May 26, 1870.
On the joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) authorizing
tho Northerh Pacific Itailroad Company to issue
its bonds for tho construction of its road, and to
secure the samo by mortgage, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. Speaker, I was in hopes
time could be given me by the chairman of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad reporting
the pending resolution to explain my position
at length upon this national project. His hour
was exhausted, save the minute tendered me.
Having hitherto voted against granting any
more of the public domain for railroad pur-
poses, as well as against extension of railroad
grants, aud being opposed to the system of with-
holding tracts of land from public entry and set-
tlement, I was disposed to vote against the res-
olution. The chairman of the committee has,
however, assured us that this resolution does
not give one acre more than the original grant
covered, and that its passage is essential to the
construction of the Northern Pacific road. It
is also conceded, and was confirmed yesterday
by the statement of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cox,J that the Central and Union
Pacific railroad companies are opposed to the
passage of the resolution, lest the Northern
Pacific road become such a competing one
with theirs as to prejudice their interests and
the prosperity of their roads, Yfe need com-
petingroutes across the continent. These roads
are national highways, and competition is the
surest, most permanent mode of keeping down
rates of fare and fieigbt. 1 regret that the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Welker] did not prevail. It was
my hope that rights of settlers, by entry or
homestead, might be guarantied. That amend-
ment proposed to open all of the lands, except
pine and mineral, to actual settlers at notover
