3208
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
nor at any time abandon the foundation of our
strength at home and our security abroad by
the imbecility of treating the doctrine of pro-
tection to American industry witli legislative
contempt.
CONCLUSION .
Shall we not. from the considerations pre-
sented, and from a proper regard for the pres-
ent position of the American people, all agree
Firstj that it is expedient to rely mainly on
duties upon the importations of foreign mer-
chandise for revenue io support the General
Government?
Secondly, that in levying these duties such
reasonable protection should in all cases be
given as will favor the consumption of home-
mad* Mid home-grown products?
Thirdly, that such articles as are usually
grouped among the necessaries of life, and such
raw materials as we do not produce, should
bear (he leant amount of taxation in any form?
Fourthly, that having to some extent created
for agricultural products a home market, it
ought not to be surrendered and made free to
foreign rivals, near or remote, who have never
contributed to the support of such a market?
Fifthly, that American manufacturers ought
not to be forced by free trade to demand such
terms of workingmen as many of the latter
came to our country only to escape from?
Finally, the Republican party has the desti-
nies of the American people in its hands, and
it should not subordinate them to the mastery
of every other country filled with cheaper cap*
ital and cheaper labor. Labor hero is not only
honorable^ but here obtains its highestre wards;
and it should be our mission to perpetuate
this national distinction. The marvelous ac-
cession of force added to the productive power
of nations by machinery and the archimedean
leverage of the mechanic arts, must not be
wholly abandoned to our rivals. The aptitude
of our people for all the useful arts; their in-
ventive genius, as displayed in the past and so
full ot" promise for the future; the vast theater
wherein they are called to operate and find
scope, deserves something more than the cold
disregard and the heartless indifference of free
trade. The recently emancipated population
of the South should be furnished with grander
opportunities than it has hithertohad, both of
profit and culture, &y which its best examples
of intelligence imay hope to rise above :the
universal level of the old cotton plantations.
Let the energies of our whole people be put
in motion, by making industry and enterprise
prosperons in all directions—of the plow, the
loom, and the anvil—and thus give assurance
tt home and abroad that the year , of our
deliverance is not remote, when all. debts,
public and private, will- have been honorably
discharged, and when to be an American will
be to be a citizen of the happiest, freest, and
foremost nation of the world.
' During the course of Mr. Morrill's speech,
TheV ICE PRESIDENT. TheSeDator from
Vermont will please suspend hiBremarks. The
morning honr has expired, and the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill is
before the Senate. .
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move that the ap-
propriation bill be passed over for .the present
in order to allow the Senator from'Vermont to
conolnde his remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the appropriation bill will be
passed over informally.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, having con-
cluded,
MBBSAGB FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolutions; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 369) to establish an additional
land district in the State of Kansas;
A bill (II. li. No. 902) limiting the appoint-
ment of certain officers in the Treasury De-
^a^uiVh. R. No. 40) to confirm the title of
William M. Garvey to a certain.tract of laud ;
A bill (H. R. No. 891) for the relief ot
Soule & Co.;
A bill (H. R. No. 1336) granting a pension
to Anna B. Snider; *rn\e
A joint resolution (H. R. No. lv>3) for pay-
ment of one year's salary to the executors of
General John A. Rawlins for the benefit of lua
family ^ ,
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 269) to amend
the act of April 20, 1870; and
A joint resolution (H. 11. No. 2/3) donating
condemned cannon to tho McPherson Monu-
ment Association.
j presidential approvals.
I A message from the President of the United
| States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
i announced that the President had, on the 6th
instant, signed the bill (S. No. 580) to fix the
point of junction of the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company and the Central Pacific Rail-
road Company ; and that the President had, on
the 7th instant, signed the following joint reso-
lutions: „ „ ..
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 90) for the
relief of certain officers of volunteers ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 23) for setting
apart a portion of the Fort Snelting military
reservation for a permanent military post, and
the settlement of all claims in relation thereto.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the .President of .the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the 26th ultimo, lull and entire
copies of the following dispatches of J. Somers
Smith, esq., late commercial agent of the
United States at San Domingo, to the State
Department: dispatch dated San Domingo
city, September 4, 1869; dispatch dated San
Domiugo city, September 9, 1869, and dis-
patch dated San Domingo city, October 8,
1869; which was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed. •
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ramset
in the chair.) The,Senate now resumes, as,in
Committee of the Whole, the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 974) making appropriations
for the legislative., executive, a.nd judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending 1
the 30th.. of June, 1871.. The Secretary will
resume tne reading of the bill,^and the amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations will beacted.upon as they are readied
in their, order.
The Secretary resumed, the.reading of the
bill. , ' ' • . . ,
The next amendment was in the clause
making appropriations for. the office of. the
ComniiS8iQner of Internal Revenue, after
" three assistant messengers," in line five hun-
dred and twenty-four, to insert" at$720each £
and to increase the amount appropriated in
lines five hundred and twenty-six and ;five
hundred and. twenty-seven from $351,200 to
$351,220.
Th« amendment was agreed to. i
The next amendment was after the clause
appropriating $40,000 "for temporary clerks
for the Treasury Department," to strike out
the following proviso in lines five hundred and
twenty-nine, five hundred arid thirty, five hun-
dred and thirty-one, and five hundred and
thirty-two:
Provided, That bo temporary clerk shall reeeive a
creator compensation than at the rate of per
anaum for the time actually employed. #
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and thirty-three, to strike qut "rent"
before "dies," and to strikeout in lines five
hundred and thirty-three and five hundred and
thirty-four the words "incidental expenses,
including the cost of subscriptions;" so as to
make the clause from line five hundred and
thirty-three to line five hundred and thirty-
eight read:
For dies, paper for stamps, and for such number
of oonies of the Internal Revenue Record and Cus-
toms Journal a? the Secretary of the 'Ueasury may
deem neoessary to supply to revenue officers, $200,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to modify the fol-
lowing clause:
For salaries and expenses of collectors, assessors,
assistant Assessors, supervisors, defectives, and store-
keepers, together with the expense of carrying into
effect the various provisions ot the several acts pro-
viding internal revenue, excepting item* otherwise
estimated for, and for detecting and bruising to trial
and punishment persons guilty of violating tbe in-
ternal revenuo laws, or conniving at the same, in
cases where such expenses are not otherwise pro-
vided for by law, $8,100,000.
So as to make it read:
For salaries and expenses of collectors, assessors,
assistant assessors, supervisors, and storekeepers,
together with the expense of carrying into effect the
various provisions of the several acts providing in-
ternal revenue, exceptingitems otherwise estimated
for $6 600,000: Provided, That after the passage of
this act the proprietors of all internal revenue bonded
warehouses shall pay to the collector the current
expenses and salaries of storekeepers or other officers
in charge of such warehouses. And the Secretary of
tboTreasury is authorized and required to makesuch
rules and regulations as are necessary to enforce this
act- and all acts and parts of acts inconsistent here-
with are hereby repealed. For detecting and bring-
ing to trial and punishment persons guilry ot vio-
lating the internal revenue laws or conniving at the
same in cases where such expenses are not otherwise
provided for bylaw, $100,000: And prowled. That the
Secretary of the Treasury may. at his discretion, dis-
continue any two or more collection and assess-
ment districts and unite them into one, whenever
the same can be done without injury to the eftcient
assessment and collection of the revenue, and shall
report thereon at the next Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Commit-
tee on Appropriations instruct me to offer an
amendment in lieu ot that paragraph, which I
will send to the desk. It is the same thing in
better form. I move to strike out the paragraph
commencing in line five hundred and thirty-
nine, on page 23 of the bill, down to line live
hundredand sixty-one, on page 24, and to insert
in lieu thereof the following :
For salaries and expenses of collectors, assessors,
assistant assessors,supervisors, detectives, and store-
keepers, together with the expense of carrying into
effect the various provisions of the several acts pro-
viding internal revenue, oxoepting items otherwise
estimated for, $7,000,000: Hrovided, That after the
passage of this act the proprietors of all internal
revenue bonded warehouses shall pay to the collector
the current expenses and salaries of storekeepers
and other officers in charge of said warehouses. And
all sums so collected in the nature of reimburse-
ments to the United States for paymeuts on account
of expenses and salaries of storekeepers or other
officers in charge of said warehouses, or that may
hereafter bo so collectedi shs.ll be curried to the
credit of the appropriation for salaries and expenses
of collectors, storekeepers, &c. Aud the Commis-
sioner of Internal Kevi-nuc and the accounting
officers of the Treasury are hereby authorized and
directed to take the necessary steps to carry this
proviso into effeot: And provided further,. That tae
President may at his discretion divide the States and
Territories respectively into oonvenient collection
districts, or alter the same, or alter two or wore
districts or two or more States or Territories, into
one district; and may exercise said power from time
to time as in his opinion the public interest may
1 $or* detecting and bringing to trial and punish-
ment persons guilty of violating the internal revenue
laws, or conniving at the same, in cases where suen
expenses are pot otherwise provided for by law.
$100,000.
Mr. COLE- I think that amendment had
better go over and be printed. It has not been
before, the committee I think.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; it was
adopted by the committee as a substitute.
Mr. COLE. I thought the committee agreed
upon what is here presented in the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. _ This amend-
ment was drawn by the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue in order to cover.that,
covers precisely the same thing, but in a more
explicit fortp.   ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to seethe
amendment printed. Let it go over unti
to-morrow and be printed, go that we c n see
it ip print,
