396
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 27,
Ho. op Reps.
Northern Pacific Railroad—Mr. Williams.
41st Cosg....2d Sess.
$2 50 per aero, in quantities of not over one
hundred and sixty acres. It met ray approval
and vote, but was lost by a bare majority.
Michigan is largely interested in the comple-
tion of the Northern Pacific road. Terminating
temporarily at the head of Lake Superior, it
cannot be long before that eastern terminus
will be extended, and must connect with north-
ern Michigan anil pass through that State in
ita connections with the system of railways to
the Atlantic sea-board. This is the national
route thitherward. In view of this, and thus
having another great railway acrosa the con-
tinent, connecting the Atlantic with the Pacific,
and passing through a latitude not reached by
the Union and Central roads, and likewise
insuring a northern competing road, I voted
'' ay" on the passago of tne resolution.
Northern Pacific Knilrontl.
REMARKS OF HON. W. WILLIAMS,
Ob' INDIANA,
In tub Hou.se of IIemieskmatives,
May 27, 1S70,
Tho House having under consideration the joint res-
olution (S. 11. No. 1'Jl) authorizing tho Northern
Pacific Railroad Company to issue its bonds for tho
construction of its road, and to secure tho same
liy mortgage, and for other purposes.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
enter my protest against the passage of the
joint resolution before the House, by the terms
of which near lifty million acres of tho public
domain, the patrimony of the people of tho
United States, are to be transferred to a corpor-
ation of private individuals, without requiring
any guarantee for tho protection of the actual
setllerwlio may seek a liomoin the far West, and
without a provision giving to the Congress of
the United States tho right to limit and regulate
the rates of freight and fare of passengers,
whenever, in the opinion of Congress, the same
may become necessary to protect and regulate
commerce among the several States.
On the 2d day of J uly, 1804, Congress passed
an act incorporating the Northern Pacific Kail-
road Company. By the terms of the act of
incorporation there were granted to the com-
pany the alternate sections of land for ten miles
on each side of'the line of said road for its entire
lino, where tho same passed through the States,
and tho alternate sections of twenty miles on
each sideof said lino where itcxtenrted through
tho Territories. The grant thus made, donated
to this corporation, was deemed amply suffi-
cient to insure the construction of this line of
transcontinental railway, extending from some
point in the State of Minnesota to Paget sound
ou tho Pacific ocean, a distance of near two
thousand miles. The original charter also pro-
vided for the construction of a branch from its
trunk line, diverging at a point not more than
three honored miles from its terminus, with a
like grant of lands.
The original charter provided that when
twenty-live consecutive miles of the road were
completed and approved and accepted by the
United States, the patents should issue to the
company for each alternate section, so far as
completed, us granted by tho charter. The
company failed to commence work as provided
in the original charter within the time limited,
and asked Congress at a subsequent session to
extend tho time, which was granted; and now,
without having done anything to push forward
this great enterprise for a period of five years,
they appear before this Congress and ask addi-
tional subsidy and new grants of power never
before known to the legislation of this country.
Sir, I confess to my astonishment that I
have never known such a bold attempt made
to wrest from the people their patrimony as is
exhibited in this joint resolution, and the per-
sistency with which its friends attempt to force
its passage through this House without either
amendment or debate. Sir, the people of the
United States will hold this Congress responsi-
ble for this robbery of their patrimony, of which
Congress is only the trustee; and good faith
upon our part demands that when grants of the
public domain are made for any purpose what-
ever the right of the citizens of the United
States to settle upon it at a fair price should
be preserved inviolate, and the right of Con-
gress to protect the commerce of the country
by limiting tho rates of freight and fare of pas-
sengers should bo ingrafted upon every bill,
for tho protection of the commercial interests
of our country.
Mr. Speaker, the grant in the original act
of incorporation of this vast amount of public
lands is enormous, amounting to over forty-
seven million acres; and these lands, a large
portion of them, of the finest productive qual-
ity on God's green earth, and amounting in
value to near five hundred million dollars, as
is shown by the published report of the first
board of directors, which I herewith append ;
which reads as follows:
"To construct, this road Congress, by an act of tho
last session, mado a most munificent grant oftwonty
square miles of land, or twolvo thousand eight hun-
dred acres for each mile of'tho road through Wiscon-
sin, Minnesota, and Oregon; and forty square miles,
or twenty-livo thousand six hundred acres for oaeh
utile of the road through Dakota-, Montana, Idaho,
and Washington Territories; making an aggregato
of forty-seven million throe hundred and sixty thou-
sand acres for tho whole grant.
"Thcso lands, when tho road shall be built and tho
business fairly started, including town and station
sites, would certainly averago ton dollars per aero,
making tho sum of u47:.1,go(wjoo. Supposing tho con-
struction of the road should cost $00,000 per mile tho
ontiro cost at this rate would bo ©120,000,000, loaving
to tho shareholders an exccssof clear profit from the
lands alone of $303,000,000. This estimato of $60,000
por niilo as tho cost of the road was liberal, in view
of the vast quantities of material forits construction
found along tho route, including exhaustless mines
of iron of tho boat quality, which could be turned
into rails; and tho ostimate at ten dollars per aero
as tho value of tho land is reasonable when thoso
lands are compared with tho grant mado for tho con-
struction of tho Illinois Central railroad.
"Tho lands granted to this company have not been
cnllcd and selected, but, aro emphatically new lands,
whilo tho Illinois trrant was of iands which had been
many years in tho market, ranch of them having been
uraded down to twelve and a half cents per aero; yet
no sooner was the road completed than those shilling
lands at onco roso in value to twenty, thirty, fifty,
and ov on one hundred dollars per acre, and from
thorn that road was now in successful operation.
"With persoveranco and enorgy, backed by tho
means at their command, this road could easily bo
completed and ill lull oporation, with a telegraph
accompanying it, within sovon years; and at this rate,
costing as already estimated, $120,000,000, the pro-
cocds of the lands would yield to tho shareholders,
after reimbursing tho wholo of tho original outlay,
moro than one hundred per cent, upon the capital,
leaving out of viow tho earnings of the road."
Mr. Speaker, it will thus be seen that, esti-
mating tho cost of the road at $60,000 per
mile, the value of these lands at the estimated
price by tho company will amount to over three
hundred and fifty million dollars—more than
the entire cost of the road—thereby placing in
tho pockets of this private corporation this vast
sum of money, the proceeds of the robbery of
the people of the United States. Sir, is it any
wonder that the people of the United States
are crying out against these monster monop-
olies, whose name are legion, and who throng
the lobbies of Congress at every session cry-
ing, "Give!" "Give!" "Give!" until their
rapacious maws are filled with the plunder of
the people's substance?
Mr. Speaker, this resolution is but John the
Baptist—the forerunner of what is to eome ;
it, is making the way straight for other huge
and gigantic monopolies which now lie upon
your table or in the cctamittee-rooms waiting
to know the fate of this congressional bantling.
The Southern Pacific* ia waiting with anxious
solicitude for the safe delivery of this bastard
monopoly, and then will come forward and claim
that Congress is the common father of them
all, and claim its portion of the people's in-
heritance. And next on the list comes tho
" Steamship Navigation Line" asking that as a.
hired servant they may have their subsidies of
millions to enrich a few enterprising, patriotic
gentlemen of the East who are patriotic, and
who desire to see the American flag waving
from the masts of these mammoth steamers
built at the expense of the people, who to-day
are groaning under the burden of enormous
taxation, and who will demand at the hands of
this Congress an account of their stewardship,
and upon that the people will give their verdict;
and I warn gentlemen now to beware, that from
their verdict and judgment there is no appeal.
Mr. Speaker, the joint resolution now before
the House changes and enlarges the grant in
the original act of incorporation. By the terms
of the original charter tho branch from the
main lino was to commence at a point not more
than three hundred miles from Puget sound,
its terminus. By this resolution the company
can commence its branch at any convenient
point on its main line ; so that by this enlarged
power it can commence anywhere on the line,
and thus become nearly as long as the main
trunk line. And when it is understood that
this brauch is entitled to the same subsidies
they can take thirty million more acres of
the public domain, thus making near one hun-
dred million acres of the public lands given
to this corporation—enough to make four
States larger than the State of Indiana.
Could the amendments of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Hawlet] and the one introduced
by myself be adopted it would, to some extent,
mitigate part of the evils of this resolution, by
giving the actual settler a home at a fair price
and protect the commerce of the country in its
transit from ocean to oceau ; but the fiat has
gone forth from this monster and its friends
that the beauty and harmony of this resolution
must not be marred by such obnoxious amend-
ments. I incorporate these amendments in my
remarks and submit their justice to the Amer-
ican people :
Amendment proposed by Mr. Hawley.
Add to firstsection as follows:'
And provided further. That tho privileges herein
granted aro upon the following conditions, namely:
all the lands herein or heretofore granted to said
railroad company shall bo sold to actual settlers only,
and in quantities not greater than one hundred and
sixty acres to any one person, and for a price not
exceeding $2 50 per aero: Anil provided further. That
no mortgage that maybe given by said railroad com-
pany shall operate to prevent tho sale to actual set-
tlors only, upon tho terms and conditions herein pro-
vided, of all the lands herein or heretofore granted
by tho United States to said railroad company, and
any violation of this condition shall work a forfeit-
ure of all tho lands herein or heretofore granted by
tho United States to said railroad company.
The next amendment was that offered by
Mr. Williams, as follows ;
Add to the first section the following :
And beit further provided. That the grants of lands
herein stipulated to said company are mado upon
the express condition that the Congress of the United
States reserves tho right to regulate and limit tho
rates of freight and faro of passengers on said road,
whenever, in the opinion of Congress, tho same shall
become necessary to protect commerce among tho
soveral States.
Mr. Speaker, I protest against the passage
of this resolution, believing, as I do, that its
provisiona and grants are a violation of the
people's rights by depriving the citizen of the
right to a home at a fair and reasonable value
on our public domain. I hold that when God
issued his decree that man should earn his
bread by tho sweat of his brow he gave the
earth as the inheritance for man to fulfill
Heaven's high mandate; and the earth is his,
and any law passed by Congress to transfer this
domain so as to deprive man of his right to
the soil is legislation in violation of the law of
God, and cannot be justified on any pretense
whatever.
