2354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
itself into Committee of the Whole on the spe-
cial order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I rise
to a privileged motion. I move that the House
now resolve itself info Committee of the Whole
for the purpose of proceeding with the consid-
eration of business on the Private Calendar.
I believe that is a privileged motion ou tliia
day, Friday. I wish members to bear in mind
that we have not availed ourselves of that priv-
ilege this session.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have moved to suspend
the rule which gives the gentleman that privi-
Mr. WASHBURN', of Massachusetts. I be-
lieve my motion takes precedence.
The SPEAKER. The House has assigned
a certain bill to the Committee of the Whole,
and made it the special order "from day to
day until disposed of." When that assignment
was made, if the chairman of the Committee of
Claims [Mr. Washburn, of Massachusetts, J
had reserved Fridays, his point of order would
have been good. But no such reservation having
been made, the gentleman has not the superior
right which the rule would otherwise give him.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Then,
if this order should run through the remainder
of this session wo will not have the privilege
accorded us by the rule.
The SPEAKER. It is within the control of
the majority.
Mr. SCHENCK. Help us out of committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. It
is impossible for us to do that when members
are allowed to go on and make speeches three
or four hours long. I merely ask that the
Committee of Claims, that has so little time
for its business, shall have to-day to consider
in Committee of the Whole some of its bills
which are on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. It is for the majority of
the House to determine the question. If tho
motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schbnok] should not be sustained, the Chair
will recognize the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Washburn] to submit his motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before the question is
taken upon my motion to go into Committee
of the Whole on the tariff bill, I ask that an
order be made that tho session of to morrow
be devoted to debate as in Committee of the
Whole on the President's message, 110 busi-
ness to be transacted.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish also to say that
after the termination of general debate, which
will occupy some forty minutes, (for I hope
there will be no occasion to extend tho time,
and that the House will not do so,) I have
promised that when one or two clauses of the
bill have been read and we have begun to make
a little progress, I will move that the commit-
tee rise for the purpose of going to business
on the Speaker's table, or any other business
that the House may decide upon. I simply
wish to get the bill started to-day.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
motion in regard to tho order of proceeding
for to-morrow?
Mr. DAWES. Iobject. I think that with the
present pressure of public business we should
not devote anymore days simply to debate.
I think discussion upon tho pending measure
has already been sufficiently protracted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not propose that the
session of to-morrow shall be for discussion on
the tariff, but upon the "generality of things
in general." [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. It will require unanimous
consent to make the arrangement which the
gentleman from Ohio suggests.
Mr. "'DAWES. I object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts propose thitwe have a business
session to-morrow?
,Mr. DAWES. I do, if the majority of the
House will stand by me. So far as I am able
I propose to press the public business to a con-
clusion as rapidly as possible.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then there is nothing for
me but to press my motion to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the special order.
DELEGATION OF KASTEUN CUEUOKlSBSi
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Appro-
priations, with a .recommendation that it do
not pass, the bill (S. No. 646) providing for
the payment of the expenses of the'delegation
of the Eastern Cherokees, and moved that the
bill bo laid on tho table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table;
and also moved that tho motion to reconsider
be laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
Mr. WOOD. As the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] insists upon the trans-
action of business to-morrow, when we shall
evidently have no quorum, I move that when
the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet
011 Monday next.
Mr. DAWES. Upon that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Tho SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts insist on calling for tho yeas and
nays before the vote has been hadbya division?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir. It will save time
to take tho yeas and nays at once ; for it will
come to that at any rate.
Mr. WOOD. If tho gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will withdraw his objection to the
proposition that the session of to-morrow shall
be for debate only I will withdraw my motion
to adjourn over.
Mr. DAWES. A session for to-morrow for
debate will not promote the public business
any more than adjourning over.
Mr. WOOD. There will be no quorum hero
to-morrow, at any rate.
Mr. DAWES. Much as I should miss my
friend from New York, I would be willing to
vote to excuse him from attendance to-morrow
if he desires to be absent.
Mr. "WOOD. I insist on my motion.
Mr. DAWES. I will withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays till the question has been
tested by a division.
On tho motion of Mr. Wool) there were—
ayes 47, noes 80.
So the motion was not agreed to.
ETUNINO SESSION.
Mr. SCHENCK. Iwillmake another prop-
osition. There are a good many gentlemen
who are charged with speeches, and interest-
ing ones I know, on various subjects. I move
that at half past four o'clock to-day the House
take a recess till half past seven o'clock, to
meet in the evening as in Committee of the
Whole for general debate ou the President's
message, no business to be transacted.
Mr. DAWES. I hope there will lie 110 objec-
tion to that.
There was 110 objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER. The-gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Wilson] will preside at the session
this evening.
OJtDEtl OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will now move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the sppeial order.
The SPEAKER. There are forty minutes
left of the time assigned for general debate.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to make it one hour.
The SPEAKER. By general consent it can
bo construed as one hour.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I do
not like to object; but I understand that my
motion to go into Committee of the Whole 011
the Private Calendar will be in order at the
end of the forty minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so
understand. That motion will be in order in
case the motion of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sohenok] to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the special order should benegatived.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, . But
the gentleman from Ohio informed the House
that after the closing of general debate, and
when he had started the consideration of his
bill, he would be willing to have the committee
rise that we might go on with other business.
The SPEAKER. That will be a question for
the House. The motion now is on extending
the time for general debate in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union for
twenty minutes.
The motion was agreed to. ;
TAKOT BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now ask for a vote on
my motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state 6f the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
beingthebill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
Tho CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, addressed the
House. [See Appendix.]
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
general debate on this bill has now closed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
that the first reading of tho bill be dispensed
with, and that we n«w proceed to consider it
by clauses for amendment.
Mr. COX. 1 have no objection to that prop-
osition ; but I would like to ask the gentleman
whetherhe proposes to go on with the consider-
ation of the bill this evening?
Mr. SCHENCK. I think we may as well go
on now for about half an hour, after which I
propose to move that the committee rise,
because gentlemen want to go to business on
the Speaker's table.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objec-
tion, the first reading of the bill will be dis-
pensed with.
There was no objection.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Chairman to a suggestion by which
I think the consideration of the bill may be
facilitated. I think it would be we'll to provide
for considering the bill to a certain degree by
subjects as well as by clauses. If, for instance,
any gentleman should wish to move to strike
out an entire subject in the bill, he ought to
have an opportunity to do so.
Mr. SCHENCK. It will be time enough to
arrange that matter when we come to some
particular subject of that kind.
Mr. ALLISON. Very well; I waive the
suggestion for the present.
The Clerk, proceeding to read the bill for
amendment, read as follows:
Beit cnaetedby the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That 011 and after the 1st day of , 1870, in
lieu of the duties heretofore imposed by law on the1
articles hereinafter enumerated or provided for, im-
ported from foreign countries, there shall be levied,
collected, anil paid the following duties and ratos
of duties, that is to say.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee of Ways
and Means have instructed me to propose two
amendments to the paragraph which has just
been read. In the first place, I move to fill the
blank in the third line by inserting the word
" October."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to sug-
gest to my colleague [Mr. Scjiexck] the pro-
priety ol allowing that blank to stand for the
present, with the privilege of going back to it
at any time hereatter. The question as to how
the blank should be properly filled depends
very much upon the action which we may take
