4242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
run for twenty-five years. This would be an
additional burden of $56,000,000 in gold im-
posed upon tite American people in the form
of interest without a colorable return. It is
in vain that the Comptroller of the Currency, it
is in vain that my honorable colleague [Mr.
Garfield] undertakes to persuade us that by
taxing the banks the American people get
a return for the funding of $50,000,000 of a
non-interest-bearing debt into bonds running
for twenty-five years and bearing an interest
of four and a half per cent., payable semi-
annually in gold. You can tax the banks
without laying this burden upon the people,
without paying $50,000,000 in gold as interest
upon $50,000,000 of legal-tender notes not
bearing interest. This is my answer to the
Comptroller of the Currency, as represented by
my colleague.
One word more, to show the necessity of the
amendment I propose. I call the attention of
the House, and particularly of my colleague,
to the fact that the seventh, eighth, and ninth
sections of the bill put the credit of the nation
at the mercy of the gold gamblers of the
"gold-room" in New York. I assert in the
hearing of the House, without fear of successful
contradiction from any quarter, that no lino of
this bill, as reported, limits the amount of capi-
tal stock that may be invested by a single asso-
ciation known as the gold-banking association,
under the seventh, eighth, and ninth sections.
If my colleague thinks there is such a limita-
tion, I ask him to point it out.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say to my
colleague that if there is no other there is this,
the most natural limitation in the world : that
they are compelled to deposit existing bonds
of the United States; that they are required to
keep an additional reserve in gold of twenty-
fivg per cent, on their circulation, and that
they are obliged to redeem their circulation in
gold on presentation.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does my colleague pre-
tend to say that with the additional issue of
bonds at four and a half per cent. 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My colleague
will permit me to say that the section concern-
ing that has been stricken out by a vote of the
committee.
Mr. BINGIIA.M. Then my colleague means
to say that they are only limited to the amount
of existing United States bonds that they can
buy in the market. That is sufficient for my
purpose. Does lie mean to say that they can-
not command $150,000,000 ofthe existing bonds
of the United States, and bank upon them un-
der the seventh, eighth, and ninth sections of
this bill, having gold deposits to tlie amount of
twenty-five percent, of their outstandingissue?
Twenty-five per cent, on $150,000,000 of cur-
rency would be $37,500,000. The men who man-
aged thegold panic iti New York last fall could
to-day readily command $37,500,000 in gold.
What security have you that six months after
such an organization had been accomplished,
and after the association had received circula-
tion to the amount of eighty per cent, on their
$150,000,000 of bonds, for the redemption of
which circulation the Government of the Uni-
ted States wonld, by the express terms of those
sections, stand bound—-what security have you
that when the organization had been accom-
plished, and the currency received and setafloat,
the managers of the association could not, be-
tween two days,becomeinsolvent, and cause the
disappearance of the $37,500,000 of gold, which
is to be held, not in your Treasury, but in theirs?
In that event would not the credit ofthe Gov-
ernment, be placed, in some sense, at the mercy
of gamblers and speculators?
To make myself understood I will explain
further. Assuming the aggregate of the pro-
posed gold association to be $180,000,000,
if you please, of bonds which I undertake to
say they could command, of the existing
bonds to-day, and eighty per cent thereof would
give $144,000,000 of currency. They have
$36,000,000 to start with of gold on deposit;
but they do not have it long, of course, if they
burst. In this event the Government of the
United States is required by the terms of this
bill to redeem in gold every one of these gold-
bearing notes, amounting to $144,000,000, on
presentation, and holds the bonds of the asso-
ciation, of course, to indemnify itself. It goes
into the market with $180,000,000 bonds to
raise $144,000,000 in gold in order to redeem
these notes and save the credit of this country.
The Government has never yet shown that it
is able to do that thing on short day and pay
its existing liabilities in gold. That is one
reason why I ask this gold gambling specula-
tion to be struck out of this bill by the House.
Until there shall be some limitation in it I will
never vote for any such legislation now or at
any other time.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. There is a limit-
ation.
Mr. BINGHAM. Where is the limitation ?
It is provided that the gold banking associa-
tion, on the deposit of bonds as provided in
sections nineteen and twenty of the act of 1804,
shall have circulating notes issued by the Comp-
troller to the association not exceeding eighty
per cent, of the par value of the bonds depos-
ited. The nineteenth and twentieth sections
of the act of 1864 make no limitation of the
amount of bonds to be deposited, nor does this
bill as reported. No limitations, sir, on the
amount of bonds to be deposited ; none in the
least, whatever the gentleman may say.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it strikes me there will
be quite enough of this bill left after these
provisions are struck out to meet and answer
the demands and the wants of the people. It
will leave $50,000,000 of additional circulation
to be distributed under the acts of 18G4 and
1805, and if the House adopts my amendment
there will be, in addition to the $50,000,000,
$45,000,000 of banking currency in lieu of
three per cent, certificates now outstanding,
and thereby relieve the people of the payment
of three per cent, interest on $45,000,000.
The eleventh section provides that any bank-
ing association, located in any State having
more than its proportion of circulation, maybe
transferred from one State to another. Mr.
Speaker, I propose these amendments, to the
end that the West and South may have some-
thing like a reasonable proportion of national
currency; a currency, for the redemption of
which the honor of this nation is pledged and the
means provided, thereby answering the sug-
gestion of that grand man who first organized
your Treasury, and of whom it was said, "ho
touched the corpse of public credit, and it
sprung erect upon its feet;" who declared that
the true way to make the credit of a nation
immortal is to provide for the faithful and hon-
est performance of all its obligations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before calling
the previous question, I desire to say a single
word in regard to the alarm which my colloague
has sounded.
Mr. WOOD. Let us adjourn and finish this
to-morrow.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to say to
the gentleman from New York that before we
adjourn I intend to call the previous question
on the pending bill and amendments; and be-
fore any further amendments are offered, I wish
to say to my colleague, [Mr. Bingham,] that
these sections were attached as they passed the
Senate, and if there is any danger, as he seems
to suppose, it will apply with still more truth
to the whole national banking system.
I desire now to call the attention of the
House to the condition of things before it.
Hitherto, according to the arrangement which
was made at the beginning of the discussion
of this bill, all amendments which have been
offered to be read and printed have been for
the information of the House; but it was dis-
tinctly understood that not oneof those amend-
ments was to be considered as pending to this
bill. I wish to state to those who desire to
have their amendments pending, that some of
them have been rendered unnecessary; and
they will not desire to present them at all when
they are informed that some of the sections to
which they have offered their amendments have
been stricken out.
I now desire to state to the House the con-
dition of the amendments. The Committee
on Banking and Currency have this morninj
authorized me, as their chairman, to presenl
some amendments to the bill, which I now dv
in the form of a substitute; and that substi-
tute is the pending bill, with ona verbal cor-
rection in the first section, not altering thf
sense; the striking out of the third, fourth,'and
fifth sections entirely, and the substitution
therefor of one section, y,t<ch provides that
the bonds to be pledged for the security of thii
circulation shall be the bonds &ow in existence
or hereafter authorized, just 'A>'j same as the
other banks have. That is '.be provision which
we desire should take tb^ j-iace of what are
called here the funding secc'jns of the bill, and
which have been stricken 'jut at the request of
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Another change is the striking out of tlx! last
or twelfth section, wtieh is rendered necessary
by the striking out of the other seot'.oas. In
that shape, and with those changes r.a'iy, I offer
from the committee this amendment as a sub-
stitute for the pending bill. Atu( now let me
say that gentlemen may offer whatever amend-
ments they desire. I retain th<! floor to control
the order in which they shall be offered ; and
among the gentlemen who have intimated to
me a desire to offer amendments I yield first
to my friend from Iowa, [Mr. Allison.]
Mr. ALLISON. I offer an amendment to
the substitute of the committee, and send it to
the Clerk.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of order. There is a good deal of
disorder in the Hall, and we on this side are
anxious to know what has been going on. We
have been straining our ears to hear the chair-
man of the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency. He seems to have been trying to talk
loudly, but we have not heard him. I do not
know what the gentleman's proposition is, and
should like to know what isgoingon. I thought
I heard "unanimous consent" being asked for
some proposition.
The SPEAKER. There has been no unan-
imous consent asked at all. The chairman of
the Committee on Banking and Currency has
offered a substitute for the original bill; and
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] has
proposed an amendment to that substitute,
which the Clerk will read.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not ask to have my
amendment read. I understand that it will
be printed with the substitute and the other
amendments before the vote is taken to-mor-
row.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire my amendment
to be considered as pending to the substitute.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
a word in reply to the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Eldridge.] The gentleman from
Wisconsin himself bore me witness that I spoke
sufficiently loud.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I beg the gentleman's
pardon. I said I thought he tried to speak suffi-
ciently loud, but yet we could not hear him. I
want to know what proposition he has made to
the House, and when he proposes that the vote
shall be taken on the bill and amendments.
Sir. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before I answer
those questions I must ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin to wait till the amendments are
offered. I have offered the amendment in the
nature of a substitute which 1 have been in-
structed to offer by the committee. One amend-
ment to our amendment has been offered by the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr, Allison.] And
when other gentlemen have finished putting
in the amendments which they desire to offer 1
