1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
in the Territory of Dakota, and for other pur-
, poses ; which was read a first and second time,
, and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
I LIBRARIES FOR THE TERRITORIES.
i Mr. SHAFER introduced a bill (II. R. No.
■ 570) to provide libraries for the Territories of
the United States ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN MONTANA.
Mr. CAVANAUGH introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 571) to provide for the settlement and pay-
ment of the expense incurred by the terri-
torial authorities of Montana in the suppres-
sion of Indian hostilities therein during the
year 1807 ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Terri-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
OltDUIt OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States for
the reference of bills and joint resolutions
being concluded, the States will now be called
in their order, beginning with the State of
Maine, for the introduction of House resolu-
tions or joint resolutions.
RECIPROCITY WITH lilUTISII PROVINCES
Mr. PETERS submitted the following reso-
lution, on which ho demanded the previous
question:
Hesolved,That the sentimentof'thisllouso accords
with the opinion expressed in the message "f the
Presidont of the United States, that a renewal of :i
treaty of reciprocal trade with the llritish prov-
inces on this continent would he wholly in favor of
the British producer, and should not in our present
condition bo favorably considorod.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COX. I move that this resolution bo
laid on the table.
Mr. RIjDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; nnd it was decided
in the negative—yeas 4:i, nays 129, not voting
40 ; as follows:
YKAS — Messrs. Barnum, lieek, liird. .lames
Brooks, liurr, Oalkm, t!ox, Dickinson, Kldi-id^e.
j''inkeinbiu'K, Fox, dot'/,, (iriswokt, Unldenmii, ! I ;t ili-
bit-(on, HnniiU, liny, lioutr, Jolm son, Knot(, Mar-
shall. Mayham, Morgan, Ihmgen, Niblnek, Potior,
Randall, Heading, iloovex, Ujo<\ Honors, riorum,
Stone, trader, Sweeney, Tumble, Voorhoes, \Vell>,
Winans, Winchester, Wood, nnd Woodward— \Z.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Amen. Arm-
strong, Arncll, Aspor, Bailey, Beaman, Beufrty,
Benjamin, Bcnnott, Ihutfhum, Bhiir, Boles,
GeorgreM.Brooks, Buck, liuekley, ButUuton, Bureii-
ard, Burdett, Benjamin I4\ Butler, Roderick [i, But-
ler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke, Aiuasa Cobb,
Co burn. Conger, Cowlos, (Julloni. Davis, Bawej*, be-
weese, Dickoy, Dixon, Dock cry, Donley, Dox.Duval,
Dyer, Kla, Famswortl), Kcmas, Ferry, Fisher, Fiteli,
Garfield, GilfiUan, Greene, Hale, Hamilton, ilmvloy,
Ifeaton, Heilin, Hoar, Hose, llooner, iiiL'oi.adl,
Jenckes, Alexander 11..Tones, ,j ndd, J nli:>n, K el lev,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketchmn, Kntu>]>, Lallin, Ln-m,
Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge. Lvneh, Maynard,
McCarthy, JfcOniry, McUrow, Mercur, EJinkim if.
Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Daniel  J.
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Mypr*, O'jN'eill, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Paine. Peters, Phelps, Poland,
Pomeroy, Prosser, Sant'ord, Sargent, Sehenek, Sco-
liold, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
John A. Smith. William .1. Smith. William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Stoughton, Strick-
land, Strong, Taffe, Tanner. Tillman, Town^cn«(,
Twichell, Tyncr, Upson, Van Horn, Ward, Oa<lwjit-
ader C. Washburn, William B. Washhnrn, Welker,
Wheeler, Whittemoro, Wiilard, Williams, and
Witeher—120.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell,
Banks, Benton, Bigga, Bowen, Cleveland, Clinton
L. Cobb, Cook, Crebs, (rolladay, lluight, Hawkins
Hays, Hill, Ilolman, Hopkins, Hotehkiss, Thomas
L. Jones, Kerr, McCormick, McNcely, Morriseey,
Negley, Palmer, Roots, Sawyer, Sehumaker, Sher-
rod, Joseph S. Smith, "Worthington C. Smith, Ste-
venson, Stiles. Swarm, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson, and John T. Wil-
son—40.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
agreeing to the resolution, on which the main
question has been ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adjournment oveil the holidays.
Mr. DAWES submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Itesolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the
two Houses adjourn on Wednesday, the 22d instant,
they adjourn to meet again on Wednesday, the 5th
day ot January next, at twelve o'clock m.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The hitter motion was agreed to.
IIOUSK CONTINGENT l-'UND.
Mr. DAWES also submitted the following
resolution) which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
lUsolved, That the Committee on Accounts report
to the House the vouchers of the several chairmen
of committees who have drawn from thecontingent
fund of the present House for the expenditure of
any sum so drawn.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAX OK INCOMH VK0M UNITBU STATES BONDS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, submitted
the foUowingresolution, on which he demanded
the previous question:
/iVao/wff.That the Committee of Ways and Moans
he instructed to prepare and bring in a hill forth-
with to jdaoo the taxation of the income detived
from Untied Shite* honds hy the holdevs thereof
upon t he same ground that is now provided by the
internal io venue aets J or the payment ot taxation of
the imonio troin railroad and other corporation
bonds; thai is. that a. five per cent, income tax t-lmll
be deducted trom the interest on all (Jovermnent
bonds paid by the Tinted State* to the hohh-r thereof.
Mr. PKTKUS. i move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
Mr. IIAMBIjETON. T demand the yeas
and nnvx.
Mr. i'KTUUS. I withd raw my motion to
lay upon tho table, giving noticc that if the
previous question be not soeomlod I shall move
to voter the resolution to tho Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. FAltNKWOUTH, If the previous ques-
tion bo not, seconded docs not the resolution
go over if any member rises to debate it?
The SPEAK Kit. It does.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
•10, noes 8."i.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. FARNSW0UT1I rising to debate the
resolution, it went over, under tho rules.
I'N'ITHlt STATUS nUlI.DINC IN HARTFORD.
Mr. STRONG submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
llrxolvrtl, rX'hjit the :-'u[>"rvi<infr architect of the
Treasury IH'partmentbo requested to tukiunto con-
Mdenition the erection oi a suitable building in the
city of Iltirtl'urd, in the State of Connecticut, for tho
accommodation of the United States courts and Gov-
ernment offices located there, and to make estimates
ofthe cost thereof, ami to report to this House.
riiOTKOTtVI! TARIFF.
Mr. WOOD submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion :
R'wdvcd, That the laws [.'ranting exclusive privi-
leges or encouia,cement to particular classes or pro-
fession') are unequal, ami consequently unjust, and in
violation oftlic Constitution, and that the protective
tariff is of this class.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
Go, noes 78.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, rising to debate
the resolution, it went over, under the rules.
NEUTRALITY.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion ;
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform
this House whether inhis judgment any further legis-
lation of Congress is necessary to enablo the Execu-
tive to secure a more perfect neutrality in any strug-
gle between a Europoan Power and its American
colony whenever tho latter is seeking in good faith
by revolution to assert tho right of self-government;
to the end that the hospitality and privileges of tho
ports of the United States may not be extended to
cither party to tho prejudice or exoluaion of tho
other.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
44, noes CO.
So the previous question was not seconded.
The resolution went over under the rules.
GOLD FLUCTUATIONS.
Mr. FOX submitted the foUowingresolution,
on which he demanded the previous question :
Resolved, That a spccial committee of five mem-
bers be appointed by the Speaker to investigate tho
causes that led to the unusual and extraordinary
fluctuations in the gold market of tho city of New
York from the 21st to tho 26th of September, 1869,
and especially to inquire if the President, tho Sec-
retary of the Treasury, or any officer of tho Gov-
ernment was in any manner interested in causing
said fluctuation. That the said special committee
be appointed immediately, roport at its earliest con-
venienco, and be empowered to send for persons and
papers.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
4!), noes 89.
Mr. FOX demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Fox and
Mr. Benjamin* were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 49, noes 97.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. BENJAMIN rising to debate the reso-
lution, it went over, under the rules.
CURRENCY.
Mr. COX submitted the following resolution,
on which ho demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That among the evils growing out of tho
lato civil war is that of an irredeemable paper cur-
rency; that it is ono of the highest duties of tho
Government, to secure to tho citizens a medium of
exohango of fixed unvarying value, and that this
implies a rot urn to a specie basis, and no substitute
for it can bo devised; that it should bo commenced
now and readied at tho earliest possible moment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
40, noes 65.
So tho previous question was not seconded.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
The morning hour here expired.
HOLD FLUCTUATIONS AGAIN.
Mr. SCHENCK. T ask unanimous consent
to offer a resolution like that of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Pox,] in reference to
an investigation into certain gold fluctuations,
simply referring that investigation to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, striking off
anything that may be considered as offensive,
as prejudging the case, or as pointing at any
one.
Mr. FOX. I accept the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciiexck.] I am
willing to have the last clause struck out.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not mean that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to know what
modification the gentleman from Ohio pro-
poses?
The SPEAKER. The Chair woull suggest
that if there is no objection the gentleman
from Ohio should modify the resolution in the
way he desires at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. FOX, I did not understand that the
resolution was to be modified at all. I thought
the gentleman from Ohio was to ae.cept it as a
whole and refer it to the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir.
. The SPEAKER. Is unanimous consent
given to the gentleman from Ohio to offer the
resolution with a modification ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I move to suspend
the rules to enable me to do so.
