1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1411
The amendments to the amendment were
withdrawn.
The amendment of Mr. Butler, of Massa-
chusetts, was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. Imovetostrikeout"three"
and insert " four." I have only one word to
say, and that is that within the last two years
the duties of this office have been largely
increased, and this increase of salary is not
beyond the increase of the responsibilities of
this position.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, if resisting
the raisiug of the salary of a public officer is
attacking that public officer, then I am open to
the charge; and that is all I have to say to my
frieodl'rom Michigan, [Mr. Conger.] I resist
this for the same reason that I resisted the other.
1 think that we ought not to raise salaries at
all. I am told—I believe it to be so, although I
have sought verification of it from the Treasury
Department without success—that every one of
these officers gets in addition the twenty per
cent, which has been repealed as to the clerks.
I am told that law has been so construed at the
Treasury Department as to exempt from the
operation of its repeal all those who do notcome
under the technical name of clerk. I have ap-
pealed to the men who ought to know thrice,
and as yet I have not been able to get any posi-
tive answer. Iam tola, however, that it is afact.
Be it so or not, we have appropriated for the
last ten years $3,000 per annum for this office.
We have a very respectable gentleman in that
office now. He has beeu there a great while.
His friends say that he cannot stay there much
longer, unless he can get more pay. We do
not make the appropriation for the man, but
the office. We do not know who will occupy
that office to-morrow or next year.
Mr. WOOD. Permit me to say a word. I
understand that objection is made to any dis-
cussion of the personal qualifications of any
of these officers for whom it is proposed in this
bill to appropriate. Let me remind the gen-
tleman as a fact, as one of the oldest members
in the Honse, that the House never has an
opportunity directly <o discuss the qualifica-
tions of the incumbents of these several offices,
and therefore I think the gentlemeu of the com-
mittee ought not to object, when the question
of their pay is before us, if we should iuquire
whether the payproposed isthe properamount,
and whether the person who holds the office is
fitted for the discbarge of its duties.
Mr. DAWES. I know how difficult it is to
confine ourselves to the particular questions
before us. Here are more than three thousand
employes provided for in this bill, and if the
personal qualifications of each one of them are
aproper subject of discussion without restraint,
the gentleman will see at once that the whole
debate on this bill will degeuerate from its legit-
imate character into a fierce wrangle about
persons.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has made a remark about the threats
ou the part of gentlemen, that if we do not
increase this salary as proposed, this officer
will resign. I ask the gentleman whether we
do not have these symptoms of resignations
nearly always just about the time the appropri-
ation bill is under consideration, and whether
any such threats are ever carried out?
Mr. DAWES. There are never any very
alarming symptoms. [Laughter.]
Mr. BTJiLER, of Massachusetts. As I made
the motion to amend, I wish to say that I have
not made any such threats.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know whether this
officer will be grateful to my colleague for his
disinterested zeal or not. 1 do not think he
will thank him for having brought this subject
before the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
he will.
Mr. DAWES. Notwithstanding the disin-
terested efforts of my colleague on behalf of
the Comptroller, I hope he will leave the esti-
mates as they came from the Treasury Depart-
ment. We propose to give him what the
Treasury Department has asked for him ; and
I venture to say that the estimates for his bu-
reau came from this Second Comptroller him-
self. I do not say they did, positively, but I
venture to say they did. The law fixes this,
and I hope we will be a law-abiding House so
far as this is concerned. I now ask that there
may be a vote.
Mr. CONGER. Are not the responsibility
and duties of the office of Second Comptroller
equal to those of the First Comptroller ? If
that be so, can the gentleman give any good
reason why, when the First Comptroller re-
ceives $5,000 per annum, the Second Comp-
troller should only receive $3,000 ?
Mr. DAWES. I have always understood
that no officer stood in so responsible a posi-
tion as the First Comptroller of the Treasury.
He has all questions of money to deal with.
The vouchers pass through his hands for the
last time on which money is drawn out of the
Treasury. I understand that the Department
relies upon him in this regard more than upon
any other man. The distinguished gentleman
from Ohio, who occupied that place previously
to the present incumbent, and was there forty
years, was an oracle with the Government as
to what were legitimate and what were not
legitimate claims. No one, from the highest
to the lowest, ever ventured to contradict Mr.
Whittlesey, and the gentleman who now fills
the place is fast acquiring the reputation his
predecessor enjoyed. I have nothing to say
against the other gentleman, but I never un-
derstood that his office compared in importance
with that of the First Comptroller.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " $4,000 " and inserting
'• $4,500." I understand that certain accounts
of the Government go to the First Comptroller,
and are passed by him, and certain others to the
Second Comptroller to be passed by him. I
understand that as regards their duties they are
entirely independent of each other; that when
the certificate of the Second Comptroller is
attached to the accounts passing through his
department that is final, and payment follows.
I understand that the Second Comptroller has
the entire control of passing all the accounts
of the Navy Department, amounting to a very
large sum. 1 am informed that the accounts
passed by the Second Comptroller equal in
amount those which have to be passed by the
First Comptroller, and that the duties of the
two offices run along pari passu, and inde-
pendent of each other. If these are the facts,
I do not see why one should be paid $5,000
and the other $3,000, having the same respons-
ibilities, and presumed to possess the same
amount of ability, and to exercise the same
amount of care. If the facts are not as I have
stated them, then I and many others are mis-
taken.
The chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations has stated to the House that all
accounts which have passed through the Sec-
ond Comptroller's hands must receive the
sanction of the First Comptroller. I believe
that statement to be incorrect. I believe each
Comptroller, in regard to the matters assigned
to him, is absolutely independent of the other,
and that each has the same amount of respons-
ibility, each the same amount of duties, and
for that reason I consider that each should
have the same salary. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. I hope there may now be a
vote.
Mr. Holman's amendment was disagreed to
on a division—ayes thirty; noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For First Auditor of the Treasury, $3,000, chief
clerk, $2,000; three clerks of elass four, ten clerks
of class three, ten clerks of class two, thirteen clerks
of class one, one messenger, one assistant messenger,
and one laborer, in all, $58,260.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend that
portion of the paragraph which assigns a salary
to the First Auditor of the Treasury, by striking
out " $3,000 " and inserting " $4,000." I do
so for the purpose ot reminding the House
that the salaries of the Auditors have re-
mained at the same figure since the year
1836, if I mistake not; and that the amount,
in fact, is smaller than it was prior to the war,
in consequence of the imposition of the income
tax having reduced it to about $2,900. At the
same time, it is in within the knowledge of the
House .that the salaries of their subordinates
have been gradually increased from time to
time. I submit that if they were entitled thirty
years ago, in the then condition of the country,
and in view of the amount of busitlfess in the
various Departments, to receive the sum they
then received, they are certainly entitled to
receive additional compensation now.
Mr. DAWES. Has the gentleman informa-
tion as to the exact amount they receive ?
Mr. MAYNARD. My information is that
they get hardly $2,900. But what I was about
to say was that the same amount of talent and
experience, and the same order of accom-
plishment that could be procured for $3,000
thirty years since, can certainly not be pro-
cured now for the same amount, independently
of the consideration of income tax, because
the same amount of ability in the various walks
of civil life outside the Government service
will earn relatively much more than it would
have done at that time. At the same time the
business of the country, so far from having
diminished in the several bureaus, has been
constantly increasing, until it is now upward
of twice what it was at the time I refer to.
Take the case of the Sixth Auditor, who has
charge of the Post Office Department. His
duties are threefold what they were thirty
years since, and yet his compensation is not
increased, even nominally, over what his pre-
decessor received more than thirty years ago.
Moreover it is reduced by the amount of in-
come tax imposed. I think it is no more than
fair to a deserving class of officers, and i:o
more than necessary to secure a sufficient
amount of that skill and experience which
is a commercial commodity, that we should
increase the salaries of these officers in pro-
portion to the increase in the cost of living
and the difference between the present time
and the time when these salaries were fixed.
The amendment was disagreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
The committee informally rose; and Mr.
Scofield having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Beatty, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 782) making appropri-
ations for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871; and
An act (H. R. No. 109G) to admit the State
of Mississippi to representation in the Congress
of the United States.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union resumed its session.
The Clerk read as follows:
For Third Auditor, $3,000; chief clerk, $2,000;
eleven clerks of class four, additional to one clerk
of class four as disbursing clerk, $200; twenty-eight
clerks of class three, nine<.y-two clerks of class two,
ninety-six clerks of class one, ten copyists, $9.000;
three messengers, two assistant messengers, ana
four laborers, $329,600.  
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend that paragraph so as to provide that
heads of divisions shall receive $2,500. I
desired to call the attention of the House to
this paragraph because I supposed that great
wrong was done by it, but I am informed by
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions that there is a section in the bill which
corrects it. The head of a division in this office,
who is the head of one hundred and twenty-
one clerks and who passed through hiB hands
