1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4243
shall ask the previous question on the bill and
amendments. If the House will then adjourn,
and let a vote be taken to-morrow, I shall not
object. I think it needs but two votes to de-
termine the fate of the bill. I will say also to
gentlemen who desire to have their amend-
ments considered as pending that this can be
agreed to as regards the whole of them by one
general declaration.
The SPEAKER. All the amendments
ofiered, if not withdrawn, will then be consid-
ered as pending.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will that rule apply to my
amendment, which has not yet been printed ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Put it in, and it
will be printed.
The SPEAKER. It will be considered as
pending.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I offer
an amendment, to come in as an additional
section.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that all
the amendments which have not yet been
printed may be ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] desire that the
amendment he has offered' as an additional
section shall be considered as an amendment
to the original bill, or to the substitute?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To the
substitute.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move the
previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. Before the previous ques-
tion is called I ask leave to modify the amend-
ment which I have offered. If there is no
objection I shall indicate to the Clerk the modi-
fication I desire to have made.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] asks unanimous con-
sent to modify the amendment which he has
offered. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer an amendment
t.o the substitute, which 1 shall send to the
Clerk.
The SPEAKER. Two amendments to the
substitute have already been offered. Does the
chairman of the Committee on Banking and
Currency allow more than two amendments to
be offered to the substitute?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, I do not.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I offer it as an
amendment to the bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire that there shall
be no misunderstanding about this matter.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
that my proposition now is that all the amend-
ments which members offered yesterday, and
which were printed, and all the amendments
which have been offered to-day shall be con-
sidered as now pending. And if there are any
other gentlemen who wish to propose amend-
ments I will give way for that purpose before I
call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Does that proposition
extend to amendments to the substitute which
the gentleman has offered on behalf of the
Committee on Banking and Currency, or only
to amendments to the original bill?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Only to amend-
ments to the original bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Are we to understand
that all the amendments that are "now pend-
ing," as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
Kpm] phrases it, are to be considered as
pending to the original bill for which he has
offered a substitute ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As amendments
to the original bill, certainly.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That will be no advan-
tage, but rather a disadvantage to those of us
who have prepared and submitted amendments.
1 wish there shall be no misunderstanding about
this matter, so that to-morrow, when tne pre-
vious question shall be operating, we may not
be toid that all our amendments are cut off.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the House the order of business under the
proposition made by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield.] That gentleman, on behalf
of the Committee on Banking and Currency,
has offered a substitute for the entire bill. To
that substitute the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Allison] has moved an amendment which is
in the nature of an amendment to an amend-
ment, so that no further amendment to the
substitute is in order. If there are any amend-
ments not in the nature of substitutes for the
original bill, but to the text of the bill, they will
have to be first voted upon. After they shall
have been disposed of, the next question will
be upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] to the substitute of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield ;] and
then upon that substitute, whether th'e amend-
ment to it shall be adopted or not. But no
other substitute for the original bill will be
voted on until the vote shall have been taken
upon the substitute of the gentleman from
Ohio. Should that substitute be voted down,
then the question will be taken upon the other
substitutes in the order in which they have
been offered until some one of them shall be
adopted, or until the whole of them shall be
voted down.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The Chair says the first
substitute to be voted upon will be the substi-
tute of the gentleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. That is correct.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Which gentleman from
Ohio?
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, Mr. Gar-
field.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not know but it
might be the other gentleman from Ohio, Mr.
Morgan, %vho offered yesterday a substitute
for the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] stated to the House yester-
day very distinctly, as the Chair understood
him, that amendments might be sent to the
Clerk's desk to be printed for information, but
not offered to the bill. With that understand-
ing sundry amendments were submitted and
printed. The gentleman from Ohio has now
offered a substitute for the original bill, and
says that he is willing that all amendments
which have been submitted shall be considered
as pending to the original bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then the substitute offered
to-day by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] has precedence of all the other substi-
tutes l'or the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It lias.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then when can we comc
to a vote upon the substitute offered by the
other gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Morgan?
The SPEAKER. Should the substitute of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] be
adopted, it would not be in order to vote upon
any other substitute, for, as the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldiudge] well knows, what
the House has inserted in a bill by way of
amendment cannot be stricken out, not even a
word of it can be stricken out; but it can be
amended by additions to it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then how can we get a
vote on the other substitutes?
The SPEAKER. If the substitute of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr, Garfield] should
be voted down, then the other substitutes will
be voted on in the order in which they have
been printed, until some one of them shall be
adopted, or until all shall be disposed of.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. Yesterday I offered a
substitute for the entire bill. To-day the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] on behalf
of the Committee on Banking and Currency,
comes in with a substitute for the bill. I wish
to inquire if the Chair rules that the substitute
which I offered yesterday cannot be considered
until after the substitute of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield ;] or whether my substi-
tute is to be considered as an amendment to
the substitute offered to-day on behalf of the
Committee on Banking and Cu/reney?
TbeSPBAIiER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] cannot pile Substitute
on substitute.
Mr. RANDALL. I present my proposition
to-day for the purpose of having it voted on.
I offer it as an amendment to the substitute
proposed by the committee.
'J he SPEAKER. In that form it would not
bo in order, because one amendment to the
substitute is already pending, that offered Tsy
thegentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison.] The
Chair could not entertain another amendment
to the substitute.
Mr. RANDALL. I understood the Chair
to say that in submitting the various proposi-
tions to the House, he would follow the order
in which they were presented yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state,
so that there may be no misunderstanding, that
yesterday the gentleman from Ohio having
charge of the bill said that all amendments
might be read or printed for information, and
that this morning he would determine whether
he would enter a motion to recommit and cut
them off, or whether he would allow them to
be offered. He now, under the instructions of
his committee, as he advises the House, moves
an amendment in the nature of a substitute,
which the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison]
proposes to amend; and the gentleman from
Ohio permits all amendments that have been
offered to be considered as pending.
Mr. RANDALL. When the gentleman from
Ohio presented his substitute, I understood
him to say that he would allowthe amendments
to his substitute to be considered in the order
in which they were presented yesterday.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Ohio so stated, the Chair misunderstood him.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the substitute
proposed by the committee be not adopted,
then, I presume, the substitute of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] will be
next in order.
The SPEAKER. The position of the ques-
tion presents no embarrassment to the House,
because the whole subject is entirely under the
control of the majority.
Mr. RANDALL. It does present this diffi-
culty : in case of the defeat of the bill it pre-
cludes any division of the House upon my
proposition.
The SPEAKER. Thatis a misfortune merely
of the gentleman himself. If the House de-
cides to dispose of the question in that way, it
is not a misfortune to the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I seem to have been
shuffled out of my position by reason of the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] having
obtained the recognition of the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. ALLISON. I was nearer to the gen-
tleman from Ohio than was the gentleman from
Pennsylvania; that is all.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Does the Chair hold
that no more amendments in the nature of sub-
stitutes or otherwise can now be offered and
considered pending as amendments to the sub-
stitute now offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, even though unanimous consent be
granted ?
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent in this
House can accomplish anything.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Thenlaskthatby.unan-
imous consent all amendments which may be
designated by their movers shall be regarded
as pending to the substitute.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I must object
to that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If no further
amendments are proposed to be offered, I will
demand the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The inquiry which I wish
to put to the Chair is whether the substitute
