1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39?
41st Cong....2d Bess.
Federal Police in State Elections—Mr. Cox.
Ho. op Reps.
Sir, here is a statement by the Commissioner
of the (general Land Office of the vast subsidies
of lands granted and subsidies in bonds issued
to corporations by the Congress of the United
States. It embraces in extent an empire on
which twenty million people might find a home-
stead sufficient for their subsistence. When
will this system of unjust legislation ceasc? The
people will solve the problem :
"The total amount of land subsidies to railroads
and wagon-roads up to dato is 185,890,794 acres, or
2J0,4o4 square miles: equal to the combined area of
Ureat Britain and France, and exceeding that of
bpain, Italy, and Switzerland. In addition to these
land grants Government loans of credit have been
made to the extent of $60,860,320, of which $24,371,000
wore issued to the Central Pacific; $26,638,000 to the
to the Sioux City and Paciiic, and $320,000 to the
Western Pacific."
Federal Police in State Elections.
"But who would force the Soul, tilt with a. straw
Against a Champion cased in adamant."
  [ Wordsworth.
SPEECH OP HON. S. S. COX,
OF MEW YORK,
In the House op Representatives,
May 27, 1870.
The House having under consideration tho report
of the committee of conference on tho bill (H. R.
No.1293) to enforce the right of citizens oftheXJnited
States to vote in the several States of this Union, and
for other purposes-
Mr. COX safd:
Mr. Speaker : I know that it is impossible
by any preparation or thought, to impress the
majority of this House with the necessity of
regarding the best interests of the people. Our
legislation is regulated by some standard, above
or below the reach of reason. At least when
we touch on certain themes here, gentlemen
opposite seem to become like David in the house
of Achish—stark mad. This bill is one of such
themes. It is a bill to institute a Federal
police, spy, and informer system, so as to con-
trol, by force, State elections.
I made the point of order yesterday on this
bill that there was new matter injected into it
by the conference committee. The report
ought to have been ruled out. It was not.
The reasons therefor will appear as I analyze
the bill. I am satisfied, from a careful exam-
ination since ^made, that I was entirely right.
There was introduced in sections twenty-one
and twenty-two, and in the proviso to section
twenty, that whicli is so prominently novel
that I wonder it did not attract the honest
attention of parliamentarians on the other
side of this House. It will be remembered,
sir, that we had no discussion in the House
on this bill. It was passed under the lash
of the previous question. Neither was there
discussion in the other branch of Congress
with regard to the seelions and the proviso
that I have named. Therefore, 1 suppose
that we should all feel under extraordinary
obligations to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] for allowing us on this side of the
House one hour and a half for the discussion
of this revolutionary bill of thirty-odd compli-
cated sections of pains and penalties.
This bill has very properly been called a
force bill. It is a measure to enforce certain
amendments to the Constitution. Does it not
give in section thirteen tho President of the
United States the" land and naval forces of the
United States, or of the militia," notexactlyin
tho shape of the Army or the Navy, but as a
posse comitatus ? Is it not thus a bill of en-
forcement, with regard to that particular sub-
ject of the ballot, which has been always
guarded from coercion, both in Great Britain
and in the United States ami in ail free; countries?
The right of voting should be kept free and aloof
from all possible interference by the military
power. It is one of the maxims of our politics
which has come down to us through the laws
and jurisprudence of the mother country that
the bayonet should not interfere with the
ballot; that the suffragan should be unin-
fluenced by the camp ; and that the barracks
should be remote from the hustings. If the
ballot has not become an utter blank in the
expression of the popular will I should think
that a gentleman so eminent as my friendfrom
Ohio would have been careful about having
any show of force, even a posse comitatus, by
the Army or the militia near the sacred pre-
cincts of the ballot-box which ho pretends to
guard so sedulously!
Mr. BINGHAM. There is no such thing in
the bill at all.
Mr. COX. Ah! the gentleman would say
that the Army and Navy are only called for to
execute "a judicial process issued under this
act," and that this has nothing to do with the
elections, which he would protect from fraud
or trickery. Let us see. You may call out the
militia or the Army for a judicial purpose under
the thirteenth section. Very well. Under the
experience which we have had in the South
during the last few years, as we know, this force
may be used insidiously for other purposes be-
sides judieial processes. Let the House go with
me further. Under the provisions of this bill,
section nine, there is no limitation to the number
or character of those who "may be specially
empowered by the President of the United
States,1' and who may, at our expense, institute
proceedings, &c. The courts may increase tho
number of these spies, informers, and "com-
missioners" of all sorts who are to execute the
central will, for the purpose of carrying out the
objects of an election for the dominant party.
Tell me that there is not an array of force pro-
vided by this bill to execute the will of a party
or its chief!
But, Mr. Speaker, I think that in spite of
all the force ingrafted on this bill it will turn
out to be a rather " forcibly feeble " affair. A
bill with pains and penalties so excessive and
extraordinary, so largely disproportionate in
their quality of punition to the offenses alleged,
will fail. It will fail of any practical effect for
the insidious purpose designed.
I desired to call attention, before criticis-
ing the details of the bill, to the unusual and
suspicious haste and disregard of parliament-
ary proprieties by which this bill was rushed
through this House, and thenco to the other,
then dashed through tho drowsy night to the
morning hours of an insensate Senate, until
it has reached its present form in an unamend-
able conference report. The Senate hurried
the bill through for tho purpose of making
an impression on the Virginia election, lately
depending. Tho result of that election has
just been announced here with a flourish of
trumpets. The Republican party has carried
Richmond by four hundred majority, under
some sort of terrorism, perhaps, inspired by
this bill or some other measure of terror or
constraint, atid the victors plume themselves
as if they had carried it by some moral force or
political wisdom!
Why, Mr. Speaker, the mode in which the
bill has been pressed upon Congress no more
commends it to our favorable judgment than its
partisan and malicious features. It is almost
a comical mosaic of spiteful inutilities and in-
efficiencies. If you will look at it you will see
that it lias in the sixteenth section the Chinese
immigration question following closely after the
question of the civil rights of the negroes; and
tho matter of suffrage and registration mixed
with rules of judicial procedure and remedy in
such a multifarious hotchpotch as to be—as
some one called it—a perfect conglomeration
of incongruities. Why, Mr. Speaker, the bill
originally introduced by my friend who sits be-
fore me [Mr. Bingham] was honey compared
to this galling measure which he now so inno-
cently reports.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then, why did you not
vote for it?
Mr. COX. Because there was poison even
in its honey. You may disguise a dangerous
element under a sweet appearance. But I
only spoke comparatively. I could not vote
for the gentleman's bill simply because it was
partisan, unconstitutional, and unwise.
Sir, the gentleman is so ready in this House
to be the special champion of the Constitution.
To justify this measure he has just quoted that
clause in the fourth section of the first article
of the Constitution which provides that—
_ " The times, places, and manner for holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pro-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof, but
Congress may at anytime by law make or alter such
regulations, cxcept as to the place of choosing Sen-
ators."
He claims that under that section Congress
can make and alter regulations as to the times,
places, and manner of holding these elections.
He contends that Congress can impose the pains
and penalties of thi3 bill, can prescribe these
civil remedies and criminal codes to enforce
its laws for the making, and alteration of the
times, places, and manner of holding such
elections. Well, sir, this is a large, unex-
pected, and sudden grasp of power on the part
of Congress. Even if it be constitutional it is
of such doubtful propriety, and has been so
unused, that a statesman would have halted
a few weeks or months before riding a bill like
this full gallop through from one House to the
other.
But is it iftcording to the theory and form of
our Federal Government thus to dispose of
the momentous and important suffrage ques-
tion ? There is nothing more thoroughly plain
in the Constitution than this, that after the
preamble and the first section vesting legislative
powers in the Senate and House, the Constitu-
tion looks plainly and mainly to the question
of suffrage. The second section says:
"The House of iiepresentatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of tho several States; and the electors in each Stato
shall havo tho qualifications requisitefor electors of
the mostnumorous branch of the State Legislature."
This is the substantial foundation of our
Federal system. This is the elemental self-
government on which the Federal arch reposes.
Tho Federal power may not, does not, cannot
create the elector! He is defined as the crea-
tion of the State. He stands preeminent
as a procreation: born of the States, only
recognized by the architects of the Federal Con-
stitution as a State elector, and as such the
agency in helping to carry on the granted and
defined powers of the Federal system. The
electors of the State thus defined, being recog-
nized as the constituents of the House of Rep-
resentatives, must have, then, "times, places,
and manner" of holding elections.
The Constitution says in its fourth section of
article one that these incidents, those parapher-
nalia and modes, to wit, the times, places, and
manner, shall be prescribed in each State by the
Legislature thereof. The substance remains.
There is no change in tho elemental electoral
power of the State which is at the basis of the
Legislature. But "Congress may at any time,
bylaw, make or alter"—what? The substance,
the foundation of the Federal system, the elect-
ors of the lower branch ? Oh! no; Congress
may make or alter such regulations, such inci-
dents of the electoral right, except as to the
places of choosing Senators. Bijt doesthegen-
tleman tell me that the new order, the late
amendments, have repealed this fundamental
system? Whereistherepealingclause? Where
is the repeal of the fundamental elements of
the Federal system? If you can, how have
