1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2S55
on the various articles embraced in the bill. I
should be very sorry to have the blank filled
now. When we have gone over the various
articles and discussed the different interests,
we can then, it seems to me, fix much more
satisfactorily the time at which this bill shall
go into effect.
Mr. SCHENCK, I cannot see the force of
the suggestion of my colleague. It has been
the desire of the committee to fix some time
which shall be the beginning of a new quarter
in the fiscal year. Considering the time that
will be occupied in the consideration of this
bill in this House and the Senate, July would
probably be too early a time.
The committee have taken the beginning of
trie next quarter; and I may say in reply to
my colleague, there is a general desire through-
out the country, among those occupied in the
various branches of business to be affected by
it, and especially in importations of articles from
abroad, to know when the bill is to take effect.
We have therefore thought it advisable, really
an act of justicc to the community at large, to
indicate from the very start, if the bill shall
become part of the law, when it will go into
operation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I had a letter
requesting me to present this consideration
in regard to the interest of which I spoke a
few minutes ago. All the contracts for Lake
Superior ore for the coming season have
already been made. They are obliged to make
them during the winter. If this then is to be
applied to contracts already made it will have
a serious effect upon that interest.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is utterly impossible to
change the law affecting the taxes of the coun-
try without treading on somebody's toes or
advancing on somebody's interests. We have
thought, therefore, due notice should be given.
We propose to put it at as early a time as we
deemed expedient, and that -we believe to be
the month of October. I hope the amendment
will be adopted. When my colleague states
that he has received one or two letters on this
subject, I can only tell him we have received
twenty, thirty, or fifty letters, and especially
from importers, asking to know when the bill,
if it become a law, would go into effect.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I was not
present in the Committee of Ways and Means
when October was fixed as the time when this
should go into effect, and I will therefore say
now, what I would have said then, if I had
been present, in my judgment this bill will not
become a law, or any bill affecting the tariff,
before .Tune or July next. July, in all prob-
ability, will be the earliest day at which it can
become a law, and the period from July to
October is rather too brief. I think it would
be advisable to leave this blank just as it is
until the bill is about to pass the House, or to
leave it for the Senate to fill. As to when this
bill will become a law will of course very much
depend on the time the bill passes this House.
*1 will remark just here that October is a
period of great commercial activity, as also is
the month of March. Sugar comes in in March
and the trade recommences in October. The
importation of dry goods is active in March,
and also in September, October, and Novem-
ber. I think under all the circumstances Jan-
uary will be the earliest period we could fix
in reference to any proper notice to importers,
traders, and others for the going into effect of
this new tariff. If we are to fix any time, that
in my judgment would be the best; but I
should much prefer that the blank should be
left for the present. I do not wish to be con-
udered as opposing the recommendation of
the Committee of Ways and Means, but as
merely stating what I would have said if I had
been present when this time was fixed.
The- committee divided; and there were—
aves 58, noes 21; no quorum voting.
" Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not
insist on any further count.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out the
word "heretofore," in line four, and insert
"now." j
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as
follows:
On teas of all kinds, 20 cents per pound.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I offer tkefollowing,
to come in at line nine:
Provided, That tea, when imported direct from the
place of its growth or production in American ves-
sels or in foreign vessels entitled by reciprocal trea-
ties to be exempt from discriminating duties, ton-
nage and other charges, shall be admitted free of
duty.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck,] when he closed his speech
last evening, invited the House to a cup of tea
to-day. I regret he did not invite us to a cup
of free tea. It does not look like Ohio hos-
pitality to invite us to a cup of tea and then
to impose a ta-x on it. I move my amendment
for the purpose of inviting the people of the
country to a cup of free tea.
This tax on tea is a war tax and nothing
else. It was imposed in 1861 for the purpose
of carrying on the war. I think the time has
come now when we can entirely abolish this
tax. The country expects us to abolish this
tax. The Chicago convention which met in
1868 and nominated our present Executive
declared that the laboring interests of the
country required a reduction of taxation. I
understand one of the first principles of tax-
ation, as laid down by one of the greatest
writers on the subject, to be that the subjects
of a State should be required to contribute to
its support in proportion to the ability to pay
taxes. I desire to impress that upon the House
as one of the first principles of just taxation.
Now, sir, what is this tax upon tea and cof-
fee? I include in what I say the tax upon
coffee as involving the same principle. I say
it is in direct contravention of the very first
principles of just and equal taxation, it is in
reality a per capita tax. And indeed it is worse
than that. It taxes the poor man more than
it taxes the rich man. The poor man with his
family of six or eight children pays more of
the $30,000,000 of taxation on these articles
than the millionaire who has no family to sup-
port. I say, then, that in every aspect of the
case this taxation on tea and coffee contravenes
every principle of just and equal taxation.
The only question is, can we afford to reduce
this taxation so much as I propose'! We have
received from tea and coffee during tho past
year some $30,000,000. We are told by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means that the committee propose to reduce
taxation by the tariff bill to the amount of
$20,000,000, and that they propose to re-
duce taxation by the internal revenue bill to
the amount of $30,000,000. Now, I desire to
say, so far as I<am concerned, that I regard
the internal revenue taxation as the most just
and the most equal system of taxation that
has ever been devised in this country. And
for myself I would prefer to take every dollar
of this reduction from the tariff taxation.
Now, sir, as I understand the figures, we have
according to tho estimates of the Secretary of
the Treasury during the present year an excess
of $102,000,000. But I think the facts will
bear me out in estimating that instead of being
§102,000,000 it will be^ 3125,000,000. Now,
sir, we have a sinking fund to provide for of
$25,000,000. Let that be provided for and we
will have an excess ol' $100,000,000 by which
to reduce the taxation. The question is, where
shall it be reduced ? I ask the chairman of
the committee, I ask any gentleman upon this
floor, to point me to a single branch of the
whole system of taxation, either iu the inter-
nal revenue or the tariff taxation, where it can
be reduced so equitably and as much in the
interest of the'labor of the country as in this
tax on tea and coffee. I stand here in the in-
terests of the laboring classes of the country,
and I demand in their name of this House
that this inequitable taxation, which is opposed
to every principle of equal justice, shall be
reduced.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the
amendment. I do not care particularly how
tea comes to this country, or in what vessels,
so it comes cheap to the consumers and so that
there is no trick here for the purpose of keep-
ing up bounties on other matters a little more
important than tea, coffee, or sugar. Therefore,
with all respect to the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Loughridge,] I oppose his amendment.
The amount of duties collected on the articles
of tea, coffee, sugar, and molasses for the year
ending June 30, 1868, according to returns
which I have before me, was as follows, in gold:
on tea, $9,785,439 ; on coffee, $11,540,718; on
sugar and molasses, about $35,000,000; making
in the aggregate about $55,000,000. The prop-
osition of the gentleman from Iowa is, if pos-
sible, to strike down the duties on these three
articles for the purpose of keeping up protec-
tion to pig iron, manufactured iron, and other
protected articles. And it will turn out before
this discussion is through to be a scheme and
device on the part of tho protectionists to raise
the tariff for the benefit of their special inter-
ests, so that this $50,000,000, by means of
this protective system, may get into their own
pockets instead of into the Treasury of the
United States. On the first two articles I have
named there is but a small protection in this
country. In contributing this amountthe peo-
ple are paying little or nothing in the shape of
a bounty. Only on sugar do we pay a bounty.
The other day, when I spoke, I undertook
to show to this House that in order to get
$1,121,000 of revenue on the article of pig iron
the people have to pay nearly $30,000,000
bounties. Nobody controverts that statement.
It is based upon all the items that enter into the
cost of'the article. It cannot be answered. Tho
facts are irrefragable. And yet gentlemen stand
up here and defend a proposition involving bo u n -
ties to one favored class of nearly $30,000,001'
By a nice device they have arranged this bill so
as first to make a popular movement in favor of
reducing the duties on tea, coffee, and sugar.
That we are all ready to vote for, because we wan t
the whole expenditures of the country reduced.
We do not believe that the whole of the rev-
enue raised in this country to-day is necessary
to an honest administration of the Govern-
ment. But they are striking at this matter of
tea and coffee and sugar with a cunning view
to keep up the taxes on pig iron, woolens, and
cottons. That is their object. It is apparent
when we look at the figures. It is apparent
when we look at the manner in which this bill
comes before the House, for the very first
proposition iu this bill is in relation to tea,
coffee, and sugar. Knowing that it would be
unpopular to vote against a reduction of those
duties, the astute gentleman who is at the head
of the Committee of Ways and Means brings
that proposition first before the House.
Now, sir, a reduction of two thirds in the
duty on pig iron alone would result in saving
to the people one half of that bounty, or nearly
$15,000,000. It would be left in the pockets
of the people and would not go to swell the
profits of the monopolists.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
line. I suppose the difference to which I made
allusion yesterday is beginning to be developed
here. Those who are real free-traders in any
proper sense of the word, by which they mean
simply free trade in whatever we produce, wou m
be for keeping up a high tariff upon those
articles which we do not producehut which
enter into the common consumption ot our
people. Yet I do not quite understand the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Cox,] whether
ii© is in f&vo£ o£ fcib© smujndojfinfc o&crsci by tho
from Iowa £Mr. IjOughkidgf,], oi
