398
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 27,
Ho. of Beps.
Federal Police in State Elections—Mr. Cox.
41st Cons....2d Sess.
you changed it organically? Pray, tell me if
you can do it by changing the "limes, places,
anil manner of holding elections?" Does not
this bill change it otherwise? Substantially so,
in almost every other section.
But suppose the Constitution intended to give
to Congress thesuperintendingpowerover these
incidents. In that case the argument is one
appealing to expediency. Judge Story (vol.
X, sec. 826) in his commentaries on this part
of the Constitution, writing in 1858, says that—
"A period of forty years has since passed by with-
out any attempt by Congress to make any regula-
tions or interfere ill the slightest degree with the
elections of members of Congress. If, therefore,
experience can demonstrate anything it is the entire
safety of the power in Congress, whioh it is soarcely
possiblo (reasoning from the past) should be exerted
except upon very urgent occasions. The States now
regulate tho. time, plaoe, and the manner of the
elections, in a practical sense, exclusively."
Does the gentleman call this an urgent oc-
casion ? What ia there in our history of late
to overrule the "sense of Congress" (Story,
section 826,) of the importance of leaving these
matters to State legislation? Where are the
supposed obstructions to tho enforcement of
the new clauses of the Constitution to which
the gentleman refers ? Ah, it is said that it
has been obstructed in New York ; and a Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] said in a speech
in tho Senate that one portion of this bill was
aimed at New York. He says that his "two
sections were carefully prepared by a committee
of this House," and " submitted for the pre-
vention of frauds in the city of New York.
This was its sole purpose." And again, this
Senator says, "This amendment of mine is
aimed at the repeaters, the open violators of
tho law in the city of New York, who make
the electivo franchise a farce and § fraud."
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
said a moment since that his original measure
was intended only for the South. Sir, his ori-
ginal bill was intended for one color, and the
amendments of tho Senate were intended for
another. One was intended to help the black
to tho freest suffrage, and the other to restrict
the whites. The bill was thus unequal. I will
demonstrate that presently. But first let me
refer to New York, since reference has been
made to that locality. I say this bill was not
neeeasary for that State. The Democratic party
having control of the last Legislature of New
York passed a law offered by a gallant Senator
(Hon. Michael Norton) whose constituent I
am, for the removal of all obstructions, on
account of the distinctions of color, with refer-
ence to the right of suffrage. There has been
no difficulty or controversy in tho practical
working of that law in the State or city of New
York. There has been no violence committed
at the polls upon any colored voter in State
or city. By the nomination of wise men for
State and city officers the Democracy were
enabled, on a very small vote of its partisans—
and at a fair and peaceful election—to carry
that State by some ninety thousand majority.
This fact was announced hero a moment ago
by my colleague, [Mr. Pox.] when you, Mr.
Speaker, (Mr. Sargent in tho chair,) in my
hearing and that of the House, and while you
were on the floor, which you always honor as you
do the chair, inquired, " How many of those
were repeaters?" Now, sir, we know that
there has been no charge of repeating out-
side of the city of New York, and how does it
occur that we have carried the State outside
of the city by thirty thousand ? I pray you to
understand the significance of this election.
You cannot s*ay these victories by such pre-
tenses about "repeaters" anymore than by
such bills as this. Mr. Senator Sherman may
indite his bills whose " sole purpose is New
York," but he cannot stop the revolution going
on in the public mind. Have you not seen,
Mr. Speaker, evidence of it in your own State
of California? Do you not sit here yourself
doubtful of your own moral right to be here ?
Where are your Republican colleagues? I
know that these extreme measures of legisla-
tion adopted by Congress tend to create unrest
and distrust. Thus they tend to swell the tide
of opposition to you and your party. Whether
repeating goes on in New York or not your
party cannot be saved in that State, even could
you in your malevolence sink to the bottom
of the sea the splendid island of Manhattan I
That, I humbly'submit you have do constitu-
tional power to do. [Laughter. ] On one occa-
sion James I threatened the liberty-loving peo-
ple of London that he would move the royal
court away from that city. The lord mayor
thanked him very much, but hoped that his
royal highness would not take away the river
Thames. I respectfully request that you will
not, your presence not being in or desired by
New York, remove our harbor or sink our city!
New York will remain honestly, firmly,
staunchly Democratic. Nobody there pretends
that there is any chance for the success of the
Republican party. Why, sir, how futile and
foolish are these bills of penalties to changc our
sentiments ? Even when our party is divided
and three or four Democratic candidates^ are
running, still you cannot elect a Radical.
Why? Simply because your party is always dis-
criminating either in State legislation or Fed-
eral legislation against the interests, commer-
cial and financial, and otherwise of that city.
How can you expect our great shippers and
merchant princes to sympathize or vote with a
party which either ignores, destroys, or attacks
their stupendous enterprises and interests?
Ah, sir, I have heard much that is libelous and
ignorant since I have been in this House about
New York city. When I took my seat on the
first day of this session I was saluted by a
member talking about our representation here
being a fraud. We who represent that city here
have had many reproaches thrown at us ; but
we have labored with patience and good nature
and have maintained the respect even of our
opponents, while maintaining the interests and
honor in enterprise, labor, wealth, navigation,
and commerce, reaching inland far and farther
still seaward—which make New York—or will
under better auspices, make New York—the
first emporium of our star 1
Mr. BENTON. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question. Does he mean to say that the
great merchants, the great business men of the
city of New York vote the Democratic ticket?
Mr. COX. I do.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Four fifths
of them, or more, vote that ticket.
Mr. COX. If my friend from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Benton] will go to New York, and
not go to the bad places of that city, [laugh-
ter,] but become acquainted with the good
places—say the churches, four out of five at-
tended and sustained by Democrats—he will
learn that New York is not "the pest-house
where vice breeds" Democrats, as the Senator
from Ohio said, as the predicate of this bill.
He will learn that the vice which is so often
observed by those transiently passing through
New York city would not be seen, were it not
that there is with many assort of prurient desire
to look after that which is not proper. The
vice which some claim to see in New York is
not normal to the condition of that charitable,
intelligent, and wealthy metropolis. It is ex-
otic. It is foreign to the city in many ways.
Mr. BENTON. I do not understand the
fact to be as the gentleman claims. I do not
understand that a majority of the leading, en-
terprising business men of New York city vote
the Democratic ticket.
Mr. COX. The gentleman ought to pickup
his carpet-bag as I did, go to New York,
and stay there five years in one place as a
good citizen ; and then he would discover, in
the sympathies clustering around him, and in
his own heart, if it were intent on good, as I
trust it is, something better about the great
metropolis and its deeds of kindness aud grace.
He might be converted to a better political
philosophy, and join in all honor the great body
of its good and enterprising men, who are,
heart and soul, in sympathy with the Dem-
ocratic party.
Mr. BENTON. As I have understood it 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman from New York yield further?
Mr. COX. I cannot yield to the gentleman
again. I have given him a good rope and he
has hung himself. [Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, would that I had the language
to convey the thoughts with which the gener-
osity of New York and its citizens has inspired
me. I will endeavor to repay their confidence
in me, in honorable fidelity. But I will listen
no more quietly here to such talk as Senator
Sherman gave to the Senate and as gentlemen
have given to this House; as jf New York city
was a lazar-house of crime, vice, and disease.
They do not know of what they speak. Let
such men, when they go to New York, go some-
where besides the pestiferous places of the
island city 1 How can that Senator tell the
truth when he says that the strength of the
Democracy '' lies in the pest-houses where vice
breeds," when there is no part of the city,
whether upon the rich avenues represented by
my colleague [Mr. Brooks] and myself, or the
humble and honest homes of labor represented
upon the lower and eastern parts of the city by
my other colleagues, [Mr. Morrissey aud Mr.
Fox and Mr. Calkin,] or the upper end of the
isle so ably represented by my absent colleague,
[Mr. Wood,] when every part, every ward,
every district almost in the entire city is to the
core Democratic 1 Ah, if he could visit our
splendid palaces of benevolence and benefi-
cence ! If he could see our grand edifices for
education ! If he could know the generous and
genuine humanities which are tricked out in no
peacock plumes, but which modestly perform
their daily duties in that city—to relieve the
sick, blind, insane, widowed, orphaned, lost,
and unfriended, and which have won for New
York the proud name with which our honored
mayor baptized it last week, in laying the cor-
ner stone of a Hebrew hospital, "City of Char-
ities 1" Perhaps even then partisan hate would
not forget, in its enforced admiration and won-
der of New York charity and munificence, the
unpardonable sin of voting for the Democratic
party I
I have on my desk the annual report of the
superintendent of public instruction of the State
of New York, sent to the Legislature last year.
Will it please gentlemen who speak so much of
New York and its ignorance and vice to know
that this Democratic empire State of nearly one
hundred thousand majority spent $4,000,000
in the years 18G7 and 1868 for schools? Would
it please them to know that since 1859 and up
to 1808 nearly ten millions were thus spent?
Or that in 1868 the children of the schools
between five and twenty-one years were nearly
one and a half millions? Now, in this Demo-
cratic year of grace, they are near two millions 1
Let, it be understood by the gentlemen who
most indulge in these flings at New York city
that the greatest number of scholars in pro-
portion to the population is in the Democratic
districts and city of New York, as compared
even with the rural Republican districts of the
State of Ne-v York.
If such facts will not stop libelous clamor
and worse debate ; if they will not stop puni-
tive and spiteful statutes to humble and vex this
proud, kind, intelligent, continental, and Dem-
ocratic metropolis, let them consider that, with
all the blotches and taints necessarily belong-
ing to every great city, its government is more
economical, less corrupt, aud less burdensome
than any other prominent city in this Union.
