100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
The SPEAKER. While the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] is writing his motion the
Chair will recognize the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Ward.]
independence of cuba.
Mr. WARD. I desire to offer a motion to
suspend the rules in order that a petition may
be read which has been signed by over seventy
thousand citizens of the State of New York.
The petition is very brief, and if the House will
indulge me a moment I will make a brief expla-
nation, which will perhaps save the necessity
of themotion. This petition comcs heresigned,
as 1 have said, by this large number of citi-
zens—I believe seventy-two thousand three
hundred and eighty-four. It will be seen that
it is a very extraordinary petition ; the most
numerously signed, perhaps, that ever was sub-
mitted to Congress; and I think it ought to be
read. It is very short, not extending over more
than a dozen lines; and in justice to the large
number of petitioners who have presented the
case, and in justice to the cause which they
represent, it seems to me that it should be taken
out of the general order and be permitted to
be read for the information of the House. Of
course this would commit no one to the propo-
sitions contained in the petition. It would sim-
ply be treating it with that measure of respect
to which it is entitled.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a question of
order. Can the gentleman proceed with his
remarks without the rules being suspended ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has been proceeding by .unanimous
consent. Does the gentleman from Indiana
object?
Mr. NIBLACK. I will if the gentleman from
New York goes on much further.
Mr. WARD. I wish to say that it seems to
me that the sufferings of these people in Cuba
in the cause of liberty, equal rights, and justice
appeal to our commiseration and sympathy;
that the struggles of the people of Cuba in
asserting their independence and equal rights
challenge our highest admiration. And I think
it would be unbecoming the American Congress
to refuse even to listen to the petition of the
people of my State asking that the suffering cry
of more than a million people almost within
our own borders, strugglingforlife and liberty,
should be heard; and that we should allow the
petition to be read I think is the least we can
do. I ask unanimous consent that the petition
be read at the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. WARD. Then I move to suspend the
rules in order that the petition may be read at
the Clerk's desk.
The question being put on suspending the
rules it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Honorable the Congresi of the United States :
We, the citizens of the American Union, in behalf
of the principles written in our charter of national
independence, and in the name of liberty and the
sovereignty of a people struggling to be free, respect-
fuJly petition that your honorable body do accord to
Cuba the rights of a belligerent Power, and at onee
recognize the independence of her sons from the
tyranny of a foreign yoke which for more than a year
they have maintained unaided by the triumph of
their arms.
Mr. WARD. I now ask that all the petitions
which I have here on this subject be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Ward] desire to have the
names read. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand that the suspension of the rules covered
any more than the reading of the petition.
The Question being put on the motion to refer
the petition to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, it was agreed to.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the motion
just agreed to ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
gold fluctuations again.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, iu order that the following reso-
lution may be adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be authorized and instructed to investigate
the causes that led to the unusual and extraordinary
fluctuations in the gold market of the city of New
York from the 21st to the 27th of October, 1869; and
that said committee report at its earliest convenience,
and be empowered to send for persons and papers.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
moves that the rules be suspended, and that
the resolution be adopted. One vote willcover
both motions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
motion just adopted; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table. The
latter motion was agreed to.
message from the president.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Mr. Porter, his Private Secretary.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire now
to move to proceed to the consideration of the
census bill, but if for a few moments unani-
mous consent can be given to accommodate
gentlemen who wish to present business, I have
no objection. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
retrocession of alexandria.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to offer a resolution
relating to the eligibility of a claimant to a seat
in this House as a Representative of the seventh
district of Virginia. The resolution which I
offer instructs the Committee on the Judiciary
to make certain inquiries on that point. I be-
lieve that committee to be the most appropriate
one. I do not insist upon this as a matter of
privilege, but I presume there will be no objec-
tion to the resolution. I therefore demand the
previous question on its adoption.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
'Whereas it is claimed that the retrocession of the
county of Alexandria to the State of Virginia, by
virtue of the act of Congress entitled "An act to retro-
cede the county of Alexandria, in the District of
Columbia, to the State of Virginia." approved July
9, 1846, and of the_ proclamation of James K. Polk,
President of the United States, made in pursuance
of said act on the 7th day of September, 1846, was un-
constitutional and void; and that Lewis McKenzie,
claiming a scat in this House as a Representative of
the seventh congressional district of Virginia, and
alleged to bo a citizen of said Alexandria county, is
ineligible to such seat, because not an inhabitant of
said State of Virginia: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire whether said retrocession was
unconstitutional and void ; and if so. whether the
said Lewis McKenzie is for that reason ineligible to
a seat in this House as Representative of the seventh
congressional district of Virginia, and to report by
bill or otherwise on or before the 10th day of Janu-
ary, ItSTO.
Mr. BURR. I wish to ask the chairman of
the Committee of Elections whether he pro-
poses_ to delegate to the Committee on the
Judiciary the final decision upon the subject of
eligibility, or are they only to decide so far as
it relates to the question of residence in this
particular county ?
Mr. PAINE. My purpose is, as the resolu-
tion will have disclosed to any one who has
carefully listened to it, to refer to the Committee
on the Judiciary only the constitutional ques-
tions involved in the resolution; that is to say,
whether the retrocession of the county of Alex-
andria was itself constitutional or not, and if
it was unconstitutional, whether that would
render Lewis McKenzie, a resident of Alex-
andria county, ineligible at this time to a seat in
this House; reserving, of course, to the Com-
mittee of Elections the consideration and decis-
ion of all questions submitted to them in the
case. The resolution requires only from the
Committee on the Judiciary a report upon those
points, for the instruction as well of the Com-
mittee of Elections as of the House.
Mr. BURR. It refers that single point only
to the Committee on the Judiciary? I
Mr. PAINE. Yes, sir.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I object to the reso-
lution.
Mr. PAINE. I move to suspend the rules
in order that the resolution may be entertained.
The question was put on the motion to sus-
pend the rules; and there were—ayes 75, noes
42; not two thirds voting in the affirmative.
Mr. KELSEY. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PAINE. This being a question of
privilege I was not obliged to move to suspend
the rules; but having done that, I think I have
a right to insist on the yeas and nays.
Mr. RANDALL. The resolution relates to
a question of constitutional law, to be determ-
ined by the Judiciary Committee, and is not
privileged. If it was a privileged question it
would emanate from the Committee of Elec-
tions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin did not present the resolution as a
question of privilege, and it is too late for him
to make that point now.
Mr. LOGAN. It is very strange that the gen-
tleman should ask to have a committee report
on the constitutionality of the retrocession of a
part of Virginia without any reason for it that is
apparent at this time. That question has been
discussed in the Senate of the United States by
abler men, perhaps, than many of us here, and it
was there decided that the retrocession was con-
stitutional. Now, why does the Committee of
Elections want to get an opportunity to make
another decision of the constitutionality of a
question which certainly ought not to be raised
here again? That is the reason why I object
to this resolution beingreferred to a committee.
Mr. PAINE. If it be in order to answer the
gentleman, I have to say that I presented this
resolution for the simple reason that a case has
now arisen where the question is practically
made before this House. I do not know that
the question was ever practically raised before.
But it is raised now because a gentleman
claiming to represent the district in which the
city and county of Alexandria are situated
claims a seat in this House, and among other
questions this House must decide whether or
not that retrocession was unconstitutional, and
if unconstitutional, whether it renders him
ineligible to a seat in this House.
This resolution is not offered as an abstract
proposition, but because it so happens that
there is before this House now a case in which
the question is presented and must be decided;
and it seemed to me that the question involved
was one that might very properly be submitted
to the Committee on the Judiciary for their
opinion; but seeing the opposition to this
resolution in the House, and observing the
considerations in which it originates, which I
can perfectly understand to relate to a decision
one way or the other of the question of main-
taining the capital here or removing the seat
of the Government of the United States, I
will with the consent of the House ask that
this resolution be referred to the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to make
an inquiry.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire merely to say this
in justification of myself, that it strikes me as
very strange that the chairman of the Committee
of Elections should come to the conclusion that
because some of us voted against the reference
of this resolution to the Committee on the
Judiciary therefore the capital question is
involved. Now, I did not think of the capital
question at all; perhaps he did when he made
this motion ; but I thought that as this ques-
tion had been settled by abler men than many
of us here are, it was perhaps thrown out here
in order to get a report that might be used here-
after. I voted against it because I thought
that question had been settled, not because I
had any design outside of that.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I rise simply to
inquire of the chairman of the Committee of
Elections [Mr. Paine] if he knows to what
