2356
THE CONGRESSIONAL 0LOB1.
April I,
opposed to it. Ho assigns reasons, and yet
indicates a purpose, I think, to vote against
his reasons. I may have misunderstood him,
but I thought he was going to vote to out down
the tariff on tea.
Mr. COX. I shall vote to cut down the
tariff on almost every article.
Mr. SCHENCK. Thatisenough. Idonot
want an argument injected into mine. The
first proposition the gentleman makes is an
imputation against the Committee ot Ways
and Means; that they had some cunning de-
sign in putting forward these popular ques-
tions of a decrease of the tariff on tea and
coffee. I reply to that by saying that those
articles have stood first on the list in every
tariff that has ever been passed by the Con-
gress ofthe United States, from the 4 th of July,
1789, so that it is an entirely gratuitous as-
sumption on the part of the gentleman from
New York to speak of the present Committee
of Ways and Means as having had some covert
design. Tea has been the first thing, and coffee,
I believe, has been the next in every tariff bill
from 1789 to thisday. That is answer enough,
I think, to that imputation.
Now, sir, what do we propose? The pres-
ent duty on tea is 25 cents per pound. That
duty yielded during the last year $9,785,4:58.
We propose to begin the reductions which wo
think can be made in this bill by taking off 20
per cent., or one fifth of thatduty,areduction of
$1,057,087, making the aggregate to be derived
from tea $7,828,.'>51. Xho free traders, in their
little book, the Tariff as it Ought to Be, pro-
pose to got $10,000,000 from this source. We
think that between $7,000,000 and $8,000,000
is as much as ought to be derived from this
source. We have not proposed to take oil'
more upon lea, for the simple reason that it is
one of the standard reliances of the Govern-
ment necessarily for obtaining revenue when
a considerable amount of revenue has to bo
raised, and as for some years yet we shall
have to raise a considerable amount the prob-
ability is that we shall gradually reduce the
duties on these articles, which, so far from
being luxuries with our people, as they are yet
to the masses of the people in all other coun-
tries, are now the daily necessities of the peo-
ple here of all classes.
As to the proposition made by the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Locghridge] the objection to
it is simply this: you cannot get any advan-
tage from differential duties of this kind, be-
cause in all the treaties which wo have made
with every leading country in the world with
which there is much commerce carried on, or
where their carrying trade would interfere with
ours, there is a clause that no difference shall
be made between their vessels and those of the
most favored nations. If the gentleman will
look into the matter he will find that he will
take little or nothing by his motion, so far as
differential-duties may be resorted to, relating
to the bottoms in which the tea is carried.
I would prefer that this committee should be
brought directly to the question by a motion to
reduce the duty on tea to some other rate than
that proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means ; and then we would know what we are
to have. Not much can be accomplished by
what the gentleman proposes. But if he wants
a lower rate of duty on tea, which 1 insist we
cannot have in the present condition of the
country, then let him move it directly.
Mr. INGKRSOLL. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like, ifthc chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Schesck] possesses the information, to
have him state to this Committee of the Whole
how many grades of tea are imported into the
United States, according to value, and how
much revenue is realized under the present
rate of duty on tea from each particular grade.
Mr. SCHENCK. I can only answer the
gentleman by saying that all tea is imported
subject to a duty of 25 cents per pound, which
produced the aggregate revenue I have given.
There is no means of knowing from the cus-
tom-house returns what grades of tea, as to
value, are imported. Merchants may be able
to make an approximate estimate.
[Here the hammer fell.]-
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to oppose the
amendment to the amendment, and as the best
way of doing so I desire to suggest that per-
haps the amount of revenue which it is neces-
sary to raise upon tea by this bill could be
obtained by classify ing theratea of duty accord-
ing to the values of the teas imported.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means [Mr. Scuenck] did not seem to
apprehend my question. 1 know there is no
classification of teas for the purpose of rev-
enue, but all come in at a general rate of duty
of 25 cents per pound. But I desire to know
why we cannot impose a duty of, say, 50 cents
per pound upon teas of the highest values, and
grade the duties on teas so that those of cheaper
value shall pay a less duty than 20 cents per
pouud and yet we be enabled to realize in the
aggregate a greater amount of revenue than
we would realize with the rate here proposed.
It seems to me that it is more in harmony
with the idea of justice and equity to the peo-
ple who contribute the money to the Treasury
of the United States in the form of these taxes
to impose a low rate of duty on low-priced teas
and a higher rate of duty on the higher-priced
teas. There are teas imported which are val-
ued on the invoices at $1, $1 25, and $1 50
per pound, and tliero are other teas imported
that, are not valued at more than 25 cents per
pound. Consequently by this bill you will bo
imposing a tax of 100 per cent, on the 20 and
25 cent teas, and only 25 per cent, or less on
the teas valued at $1 per pound and ovor.
I desire to suggest that we ought to adopt
a graduated duty according to the invoice price
of the teas, and before this discussion is ended,
unless I see some good reason for not offering
it, I shall offer an amendment embodying that
proposition.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment, and will move an-
other, to strike out the last half of the last line
of the amendment. I do this for the purpose
of answering the interrogatory put to me by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Isoebsoll.]
At tne beginning tea was classified into bohea,
souchong, hyson, and "other green teas;"
four classes only. But sines then black teas
have been introduced ; and there is now an
almost endless variety of teas, as there is an
endless variety of tastes. There might be some
general classification, but it would always lead
to difficulty. It has been found, not only in
regard to tea, but in reference to almost all other
articles, that the advantage to be derived from
classifications is more than counterbalanced by
the advantage of obviating, difficulties which
necessarily arise where there are numerous
classes.
As to the application of the law we are but
following out the idea which has induced us to
reduce steel to a single class, and to reduce
cotton cloths to fourclassesinstead of fourteen.
When we have a variety of classes there is a
continual wrangle at the custom-houso as to
whether particular articles belong to one class
or another. If the gentleman wants to open
the door to frauds, to misrepresentations, to
undervaluations, to falsehoods in invoices, ho
will do so very effectually in regard to this arti-
cle of tea by introducing a number of different
classes, comprising the different kinds of black
tea, the different kinds of green tea, and the
mixtures of green tea and black tea. The tariff
on this article can certainly be more effectually
collected by imposing, as we have imposed for
years past, a single specific rate perpound upon
I all of the article that may be imported.
! Mr. LOUGKRIDGE. I should like to ask
; the gentleman a question. It is, whether the
| Committee of Ways and Means propose to
reduce taxation to the extent of more than
$20,000,000; and if so 
Mr. SCHENCK. I thought I had stated
that matter very fully yesterday, though per-
haps the gentleman did not hear me. The
committee set out by laying down as the basis
of their action that they could afford to take
$20,000,000 off the tariff as measured by the
rates of the existing tariff. They set to work
with that view, and the result is the bill before
the House. Upon an analysis of that bill I
find it takes off about $23,000,000—twenty-two
millions and seven or eight hundred thousand
dollars. Perhaps, however, by the admission
of some small articles, it may be brought back
to about $22,000,000, ora little over. The com-
mittee are of the opinion that this is as great
a reduction as ought to be made. We have
commenced with the articles of tea and coffee
by taking one fifth off the duties on each.
Mr. LOUGH1UDGE. The gentleman does
not appear to understand my question. I wish
to know whether the committee propose to
reduce taxation to a greater extent - than
$23,000,000?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have already answered
that question. The committee has endeavored
to keep to that as a basis of its action. Our
bill is framed with thoviewof making a reduc-
tion to that amount. If the gentleman means
to inquire in regard to internal taxes, ! will say
that the proposition of the committee is a
reduction of $30,000,000. We are now fram-
ing such a substitute for the bill pending in
Committee of the Whole as will, by some sweep-
ing provisions which I will not indicate, take
off about that amount from what we conceive
to be about the most onerous and annoying
taxes in the country.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to oppose the
amendment-to the amendment.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me in
a single sentence to correct a remark of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Scbesck?] I want
to say that I expect to vote for this measure,
but not upon the reasons given by gentlemen
on the other side.
Mr. CESSNA. It does not make any dif-
ference about your reasons if we get your vote.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Chairman, I would
have preferred that this amendment should
be proposed in such a form as to wipe out en-
tirely this blot in the bill, and let us have freo
tea without any waste paper on the subject.
That is what we ought to have. As has been
well said, this is a tax on the people equivalent
to a per capita tax. It is heaviest on the poor
man because the poor man generally has most
mouths to feed. Children are the fortunes of
the poor. It is heavier on the poor man be-
cause the poor man buys the poor article, while
upon the rich man, who buys the fine article, it
is lighter. It is not only a tax on the people,
butit is a double tax on the people. Whatever
difference of opinion there may be as to the
effect of a tariff in increasing the price of the
imported article where t-he tariff is on an article
also manufactured in the country, every one
admits, free-traders and high-tariff men all
admit, that to tax an article not raised in this
country is to increase its price to the consumer.
So then the consumer pays this tariff, and not
only that, but ho pays the profit of the im-
porter as well as the duty, and he pays the
profit of the jobber as well as the profit of the
importer. He pays insurance and interest and
profit, until at last the consumer pays double
the tax.
On page 108 of the report of the Chamber
of Commerce of the city of New York for
18G8-69 it is said—and I want all my free-
trade friends to hear this:
" All the figures referring to imports representonly
their foreign gold cost, freight and duty unpaid.
To show the cost in our currency to the consumers
the total should be doubled, and the whole then in-
creased about 40 per cent.; this wouid represent
about tho selling rates in oui market."
Now, the effect is that while -the Treasury
gets about $9,000,000 on tea the people pay
