4244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June
proposed by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
GUbfield] is fo take its position with reference
to the tipae and order in which it was offered,
or" whether it is to supersede and have priority
qf all other amendments? I wish to be per-
fectly understood in making this inquiry. I
understand there lire several substitutes which,
as to the time of tlieir presentation, are prior to
that of the gentlejnan from Ohio. Is the latter
proposition, because it comes from the commit-
tee, to come up first for the action of the House,
in'preferenceto' the substitutes offered by other
gentlemen?
The SPEAKER. It will be voted on first,
not because it comes from the committee, but
because yesterday the .gentleman from Ohio
stated that lie did not allow these propositions
to be considered as pending, but would decide
to-day whether'he wouldaskthe previous ques-
tion without allowing them to be offered, or
whether lie would permit them to bo moved.
The House distinctly understood that the
amendments were presented to be read or
printed for information, but not to be consid-
ered as pending until the gentleman from Ohio
had given his assent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then the House is to
understand that the substitute moved by the
gentleman from Ohio, who has charge of this
bill, is to have priority when the House comes
to vote upon the question?
The SPEAKEU, The Chair has so stated
several times.
Mr. COX. I rise to a parliamentary inquiry,
and I want the attention of the chairman of the
Committee on Banking and Currency. He
wants, I presume, to have a fair vote 011 the
bill and amendments. These amendments were
offered yesterday in good faith, and the impres-
sion was tliey would not bo crowded out by
trickery. The effect of the present arrange-
ment is to cutoff all of these amendments and
to give them 110 chance for a vote until his
substitute has been voted on.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will my col-
league oil the committee allow me to say to
liim 
Mr. ELDRIDGI3. That is a proposition the
House cannot escape from. The Speaker has
decided, and there is no doubt about the effects
of it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to make
a statement, in answer to what has been said
on the other side, before calling the previous
question. I cannot allow my friend on the
Committee on Banking and Currency to sup-
pose for a moment that anything I have done
has been done in the nature of bad lailh or
trickery.
Mr. COX. _ I say it may be the belief, and I
will say that it is the belief of some members
011 this side that such is the intention.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to state
to the gentleman why I have made the propo-
sition I have. Here were nineteen amendments
offered to this bill and printed last night, and
to-day there have been probably eight or ten
more offered. Now, the Committee 011 Bank-
ing and Currency this morning proposed to
make an amendment itself. Of all the twenty-
nine amendments pending the Committee 011
Banking and Cuirency, which reported the bill,
has made but 01m. All I have pioposed in this
mutter is that its amendment shall be acted
011 lirst. If that be rejected, then all the other
amendments will come up in order.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read an
extract from the Journal of yesterday.
The Clerk read as follows:
" i y un.immous cpnpcnt, amendments proposed to
!><■ -nhmittc'l by Mi. Handall, Mr. Potter. Mr.
ofMir-sachuselt1?, Mr. CoBL'RK, Mr. Stevex-
jlr. Polaxd, Mr. Aumsi'uong, Mr. Mayiiam,
Ah. lioTOiiKiss, Mr. Ali.ison, Mr. Dyke, and Mr.
Vv"M.i.Aai> wore severally ordered to be printed."
r,ir. GARFlELD, of Ohio. Now, I desire
to say that the committee takes a risk. I
admit the commit tee takes a risk in putting its
own amendment in the nature of a substitute
for the whole bill in advance, and we' do it for
this reason:, if the House approves of it in the
morning, then it settles the question of this bill
by a single vote, or at most by two votes. If
the House does not approve of.it, theq, the
amendments will come up in order. The
amendment submitted by the committee this
morning was to carry out the views of the
Committee on Banking and Currency.
Mr. MUNGEN. I rise to a parliamentary
question. The gentleman from Ohio, my col-
league, says that the amendment of his com-
mittee must come in first. If that substitute
be first voted on and adopted, then we cannot
have the action of the House on the other
amendments. Now, is it not in order to move
amendments to perfect the bill before the ques-
tion is taken on the substitute?
The SPEAKER. To perfect the original
bill?
Mr. MUNGEN. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. Of course all amendments
to the original bill must be disposed of before
the question is taken on the substitute.
Mr. MUNGEN. If the substitute of the
committee should be adopted, of course no
other substitute could be entertained?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now demand
the previous question on the pending bill and
amendments.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move to lay the pending
bill and amendments on the table.
Mr. MAYNAItD. If the House does not
sustain the demand for the previous question
would not a motion be in order to recommit
the pending bill and amendments to the com-
mittee?
The SPEAKER. Of course it would.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I suggest the sense
of the House may as well be taken on the
demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania moves to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. COX. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. 1NGERS0LL. If the House should
agree to the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey,] and should now
adjourn. I desire the Chair to state what would
bo the effect, of that upon the bill.
The SPEAKER. In that event the bill
would be no longer hetbre the House, nnless
by unanimous consent or by a suspension of
the rules 011 Monday.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then we should not
adjourn.
The question being put 011 the motion to
adjourn, there were, on a division—ayes Go,
noes 05.
Mr. ELDIUDGE demanded tellers.
On ordering tellers there were—ayes sixteen;
not a sufficient number.
So tellers were not ordered; and the motion
to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Negley's
motion, to lav the bill on the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope thegentleman will
withdraw that motion.
Mr. NEGLEY. Imustdeclinetowitbdrawit.
Mr. iNGERSOLL, If this motion prevails
it carries the amendments with the billandlays
them 011 the table.
Mr. CESSNA. Of course it does.
The question was put on Mr. Negley's
motion; and there were, 011 a division—ayes
65, noes 06.
Mr. MUNGEN and Mr. -COX demanded the
yeas and nays.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think the effect of the
proposition of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Dickey,j that the House adjourn,
has been misunderstood. I renew the motion.
The SPEAKER. The question is 011 order-
ing the yeas and nays on the motion to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. ELDPJDGE, If we agree to adjourn
that settles the whole .question, and kills the
bill effectually,
Mr. INGERSOLL. Not only the bill, but
all the amendments to the bill. And that is
what we are opposed to.
The question, was on ordering the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. On the motion to adjourn
the Chair will order tellers; and appoints the
gentleman from Ohio, Mr.. Garfield, and the
gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Ei-dmdge.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 70, noes 73.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I demand the
yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. 1 desire the Chair to state what
becomes of this bill if the House should now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again
answer that question, having given a some-
what hasty answer to the same question when
put by thegentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Inoer-
solt,.] The Chair decides, after a full review
of the case, that if the House now adjourns,
this being a House bill, and the question pend-
ing being this, ''Shall the bill be engrossed
and read a third time now?" it would go to the
bottom of all the bills on the Speaker's table.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. That is the reason why
I moved to adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BEA.TTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled, a bill of the following
title; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 305) to establish the collec-
tion district of Willamette, in the State of
Oregon.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. WILLIAMS was granted leave of ab-
sence until the 21st instant.
ADJOURNMENT.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to adjourn; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 79, nays 75, not voting 76; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—-Messrs. Adams, Araes, Archer, Arnell,
Beck, Biggs, liinl, George M. Brooks. James Brooks,
B a 111 n ton. Burr, Benjaman P. Butler, Calkin,
Cessna, Churchill. Cleveland, Aums.i Cobb, Conner,
Covodc, Crcbs, Davis. Dawes, Diokey, Box. En,
Eldridgc, Ferriss, Fox, Getz, Gnfiilau, Griswoid,
Haight. Halc.liambicton, Hays, Holman, Kellogg,
Kerr, Ivotchnm, Knolt. Lstllm, Lewie, Mayham,
Maynard, McCormick, McNecly, Mercur, William
Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungcn, Myers, Ncg-
loy, Niblad:, O'Neill, Peters, Phcips, Poland,Ran-
dall, Reeves, Sherrod, Shober, Joseph S. Smith,
Starkweather, Stiles, Stone, Stradcr, Strong, Swann,
Sweeney, Taffe, Tanner, Townsend, Twichcll. Van-
Auken, Ward. Willard, Eugene M. Wilson, Win-
chester. and Woodward—79.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong,
A>l>er, At wood. Ay or, Boatty, Benton, Bingham,
Blair, Boies. Booker, Buckle^, Burchard, Roderick
R. Butler, William T. Clark. Sidney Clarke, Clinton
Ij. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cox, Dcgener, Donlev,
Duval, Dyer, Farnswoith, Finkeinburg, Fitch. Car-
field, Hamilton, Hawkins. llawlov, flay, lleflin,
ingcrsoll, Alexander II. jones, Kclley, Kuapp,
La^h, Law, once, Lousiirhlarc, Lynch, Martial],
McG-rew, Newsham, Urtli, P.iekmd, Packer, Palm-
er, Peek, Pomeroy, liice, Rows, Hoots, Saniord,
Sargent, Sawyer, John A. Smith, Wonhington C.
Smith, Willi,i.in Smyth, Stevenson. Slouirhton,
Strickland, Taylor,'! iljman, Trimble, Tyner, Upson,
Van iiorn, Walker, Whirmore, Wilkinson, JohnX.
Wilson, Winnns, and Witchoi—75.
NOT VOTING—Mc^rs. Axtc 11, Bailey. Bank.,,
Barnum, Barry, Beatnan, Benjamin, Bennett,
Lower), Boyd, Buck, Buidett, Cake, Cook, Cowles,
Cullorn, Die,Innson, Dixon. Dockcry, Ferry, Fisher,
Oibs.oo. XIaldeman. Hauiill. Harris, lleaton, IJ ill.
Hoar, llogo. Hooper, Uotclikiss, Jenckcs, Johnson,
i'homas L. J ones, Ju^d, Julian, Kelsey, Logan. Mc-
Carthy, McCra-iy, McKee. MeKinizie, Milnes, Bna-
kim IL Moore, Jesse II. Moore. Morgan. Morphis,
Daniel J. jUorroli, Mornssey, Panic, Perce, Piatt,
Porter, Potter, Prosser, Ridgv/ay, Sehenck, Schu-
maker, Seofield, Shanks, Lionet A. Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, Slocuin, William J. Smith, Stevens, Stokes,
