1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2357
$18,000,000 on tea. Everybody admits this.
And here is where we should begin to re-
duce taxation. I think the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means overlooked one
important fact. This bill will scarcely reduce
the revenue on tea at all, and for this reason:
because wo are constantly importing an in-
creased amount of tea. I cali the attention
of the chairman of the committee to the fact
that the official returns show for eleven months
ending October, 18(58, we imported 38,568,277
pounds of tea, while for a corresponding
period of 1869 we imported 48,000,000 pounds
of tea. We are increasing the importation
of tea, and there will be next year imported
5,000,000 pounds more than last year. So the
effect is, Mr. Chairman, in reducing the rate
of duty it is not reduced in the aggregate. I
call attention to this. It is a delusion, there-
fore, to say you are reducing the tax.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. X withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. BOYD. I move pro forma to amend
the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I shall sup-
port the original amendment of the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Loughridge ;] and I am in-
duced to do so because i believe it to be an
net of justice on the part, of the Congress of
the United States to stand by those men who
passed through the fiery ordeal of a seven
years' war in the greatvalley of the Mississippi,
who fought the battles of the country for the
life of the Government. These men, under
the conscript law passed by the Thirty-Eighth
Congress, were forced from their peaceful
homes and compelled to stand up in line of
battle. -No power within their reach could
draw them back when their names were called
in that conscription. In that same law there
was a provision by which men who had $1,000
to buy a substitute and put him in the regi-
ment, and to put him in the ranks in his place
to go, as it was then demonstrated, to the
" slaughter pens of the Republic." We paid
the capitalists of the country at the same time
by a bill which was passed in the same Congress
large interests for the use of their money, and
while we did that we forced the husband from
his home and from his wife and children, and
put him in the row against the battalions of the
confederacy. He had no power to save him-
self. He had no $1,000 to pay for a substitute
to go in his place. I say for these men, who
fought the battles of the country, sugar and tea
and coffee are the daily necessities of their life.
For their benefit and for the benefit, of their
families, we should levy sufficient duty upon
the capital of the country to make up any deficit
which may occur by putting tea, sugar, and
coffee upon the free list. For this reason 1
ask the House, irrespective of politics, that
the members, free-traders and protectionists,
Democrats and radical Republicans, to stand j
by the men who saved the country from being '
any longer subject to this onerous tax. _ Let
tea go upon the free list. Let the abolition of
this duty stand as an act of justice on the part
of the Forty-First Congress to the men who
saved us from ruin. These men fought our
battles ; saved the Republic. I demand now
that they shall not be forced to pay the debt,
having done their share by preserving the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. POTTER. 1 desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Iowa that the phraseology of
the amendment he has submitted is not likely
to effect the end he has in view. The amend-
ment speaks of the tea " raised at the place of
shipment.!' There is no tea raised at the place
ot shipment, and it ought to be "raised in
the country of shipment" or some equivalent
language.
Mr. loughridge. i accept the modifi-
cation proposed by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Potteii,] to strike out the word
"place" and insert the word "country/'
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
the amendment as modified.
The Clerk read as follows :
Provided, Tea, when imported directly from the
country of its growth or production, in American
vessels or in foreign vessels, entitled by reciprocal
treaties to be exempt from discriminating duties,
tonnage, and other charges, shall be admitted free of
duty.
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Chairman, the general
principles which will control my votes upon
the various sections of this bill are clearly and
succinctly stated in the resolution recently
passed in this House indorsing the platform
of the Democratic party. It combines the idea
of both revenue and protection, and asserts
"that the Democracy of the nation are in favor
of such equal taxation as will afford incidental
protection to domestic manufactures, and as
will, without impairing the revenue, impose
the least burden upon and best promote and
encourage the great industrial interests of the
country." My judgment is in favor of the
fullest and freest internal trade and commerce;
freedom from taxation on transportation and
travel; freedom from special licenses; and
freedom from that tax upon industry, enter-
prise, and business known as the income tax,
the most burdensome, unequal, and ill-advised
of all our taxes. I am not in favor of free
trade with foreign nations except in those cases
where we cannot produce the articles in our
own country which we need. In all that class
of articles which we cannot produce and which
are in common use and necessary alike to the
rich and the poor, I shall favor a large free list,
and in case any tax is found necessary upon
this class of articles I shall go for the lowest
practicable figure consistent with the neces-
sities of the Government. In this list I espe-
cially mention tea and coffee.
In that other class of goo3s which we do not
produce in large quantities in our own coun-
try, and which are known as luxuries, I shall
vote for the highest tax short of exclusion.
In that other and larger class of articles
which we produce or manufacture in common
with other countries I shall vote for such a
tax as will in my judgment yield the highest
revenue and at the same time protect our arti-
sans, laborers, and capitalists from the cheap
money and ill-paid labor of Europe and the
servile labor of Asia, and will have a tendency
to foster, extend, and diversify our industrial
pursuits.' I believe cheap labor and low prices
to be a delusion and a snare. I hope to assist
to build up an American system which will
enable our artisans and laborers to obtain
work at remunerative prices and our capital-
ists to establish manufactories in every State
of our Union, so that every article needed for
the comfort of a family shall be produced in
perfection and abundance in our own country.
My votes will, so far as my judgment can
guide me, be all recorded for protection to our
own people and against foreign labor and for-
eign capital.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to offer the following
amendment as a substitute for the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Iowa:
Strike out all after tbeword "kinds," inthcnintli
line of the bill, and insert the words "5 per eeat. ad
valorem;" so that it will read, " on teas of all kinds
5 per cent, ad valorem."
Mr. Chairman, before the committee^ pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the details of
the bill the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] who last addressed the committee spoke
of there being sixty free-traders on this side
of the House. I take exception tothat remark,
and desire to say a word in reference to it
before proceeding to speak directly to my
amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will permit me to correct him, I beg to say
that what I stated was that there are sixty
Democrats in this House who are largely free-
traders.
Mr. WOOD. I take exception to the appli-
cation of the term free-traders so far as I am
personally concerned. If I understand the
meaning of the term, the term free-trader, as
applied to the question of duty and of revenue
derived from imports, means a man who is in
favor of the abolition of all custom-houses, an d
in favor of the admission of all foreign pro-
ducts entirely free into the country. Now, I
know that we must have a revenue. I know
that we must have money to pay the expend-
itures of the Government, and I am in favor
of levying just so much duty upon imported
articles as will relieve us from this internal rev-
enue taxation, so pregnant with fraud and out-
rage on the people, and laying just so much
duty on the imported article as will produce
therefrom a revenue, but not one cent higher
than the revenue standard, nothing in the name
ofprotectingany domestic industries whatever.
.1 am opposed, for reasons which were given by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoll,]
to laying a horizontal duty of 20 cents a pound
on all teas, irrespective of differences in the
qualities, which may come into the country.
We have two classes of tea—green tea and black
tea; and each of those teas is divided into from
four to ten different classes of entirely different
values. The common black tea is the ordinary
drink and beverage of the poorer classes of the
country. Under this heavy duty which the com-
mittee now proposes to lay upon teas this black
tea is made to pay just as high a duty as the
very highest class of the finer order of green
teas, which sell for $2 a pound in New York.
This is unfair, unjust, and unequal. It is a
gross imposition on the poor man.
I have therefore offered an amendment, in
the interest of discrimination, that the duty be
levied ad valorem; that is, that according to
the value of the tea the duty shall be; that
the higher class of teas shall pay a higher duty
than the lower class of teas. And 1 call the
attention of the honorable chairman of the
committee [Mr. Schenck] to tikis fact: that
this duty upon tea is a war duty. Under the
tariff of 1842 teas were free. Under the tariff
of 1846 teas were free. Under the tariff of
1857 teas were free. But in August, 1861, for
the first time in the history of this Government,
was imposed a duty of 15 cents per pound.
In 1863, when we were in the midst of war
and levied a war tax upon everything by every
conceivable mode, we raised it to 20 cents per
pound; and it was finally made in 1865 25
cents per pound.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman per-
mit me a question ?
Mr. WOOD. I am unwilling to yield, as I
am limited to five minutes.
Mr. MAYNARD. I only wish to ask the
gentleman how much revenue w®uld be de-
rived from this article if the duty were placed
at h per cent, ad valorem ?
Mr. W OOD. The gentleman has put to me
a very pertinent question. I am not familiar
with the amount of revenue that may be de-
rived 
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman allow
me to tell him just how much would be derived
on that basis 1
Mr. WOOD. No, sir; because the gentle-
man cannot tell me, for a reason which I will
state to him. By lowering the rate of duty to
5 per cent, ad valorem you will increase the
consumption and the revenue. And the gen-
tleman cannotargue from any precedents what
the amount of revenue would be from a low
ad valorem tariff. If you reduce the duty to
5 per cent, ad valorem the poorer classes
would consume a larger quantity of the article,
and the revenue would be increased in con-
sequence of the reduction which I propose.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MUNGJSN. I have taken no part here-
tofore in the discussion of this tariff bill, but J
wish to say a word or two in reply to the gen-
tleman who has just taken his seat. He says
that we must have revenue from internal rev-
enue taxes. Well, we have been gettmgit, and
from the way in which the system has operated
I think it should be spelled "infernal" revenue.
It is a fact Which no man can gains?y that
