1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1413
Mr. Chairman, thia amendment does not
undertake to raise the wages of women to the
rate now paid for the same service rendered by
persons of the other sex. This proposition is
not liable to the objection that the Govern-
ment is not. a charitable institution. It is not
liable to the objection that the Government
ou^ht not to pay for the services which it re-
ceives more than the fair market value of those
services, it simply provides that when any par-
ticular service which the Government requires
can be rendered by a woman for $500, for in-
stance, the Secretary of the Treasury shall not
continue to pay $1,000 for precisely the same
work because it is rendered by a person of the
opposite sex. The proposition ia simply this:
that when the Secretary of the Treasury in his
discretion finds that a clerk of a higher grade,
or receiving a higher rate of wages, can have
his place advantageously supplied by a clerk
of a lower grade, or working at a lower rate,
the substitution shall be made without any dis-
tinction of sex.
Mr. BECK. I desire to explain to the com-
mittee, for the especial benefit of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson,] the reason
why the Committee on Appropriations made
this allowance of $240 for these female labor-
ers. In the second section of the act of June
26, 18G4, we provided—
"That the office of the Treasurer of the United
States be reorganized, under the direction of tlie Sec-
retary of the Treasury, so as to authorize the em-
ployment of the officers and clerks, and with the
annual salaries herein specified."
And after enumerating various officers,
clerks, &c., the section continues as follows:
"Seven female laborers, at a salary of $240 each.
And the officers, clerks, and employes hereby author-
ized shall be in lieu of all the force now employed in
Baid office."
Thus it will be seen that the pay of these
women is fixed by law.
Mr. ARNELL. I should like to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman yields
to me.
Mr. BECK. I only yield for a question.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to say'lhatwhen
I asked the chairman of the committee why
this was fixed at $240 he did not give me any
reason beyond the fact that the Secretary of the
Treasury had fixed it so.
Mr. BECK. I have not time enough to yield
to the gentleman for any remarks.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to give a reason
which will satisfy the gentleman for the action
I propose to take. I find that it was fixed in
the law and I do not wish to break the law, even
in this good cause, and therefore I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. BECK. Then I have nothing further to
say.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
upon the proviso.
Mr. DAWES. I thought I had made it under-
stood just who these female laborers were. At
the close of the day's work they come into the
Department and clean the halls and rooms, and
after working an hour or two they go away.
It is the proposition of the Treasurer, who em-
ploys them, to pay them twenty dollars a month.
He says that is enough. The proposition all
around here is that the Treasurer does not
know how much he should pay these female
laborers ; that he does not know as well how
much, when he has them under his own eye,
as we do who know nothing about it.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise
to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. STEVENSON. I want to know what is
the subject before the committee on which this
discussion is taking place.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the proviso.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague's proposition
on the question whether we shall pay twenty
dollars per month to these female laborers is
to include a pfoviflifth wlti6h will affect the
whole Treasury Department. He says to the
Secretary of the Treasury that he must take
the personal supervision of all these employes,
of each clerk and laborer, to see accurately and
minutely exactly what they do, and pass judg-
ment upon them at the end of each week and
then to redistribute the force, reversing the
process once- a week as the character of the
work of all these officials shall change. In
other words, we put the position and the wages
and the pay of all these persons, male and
female, at the mercy of the Secretary of the
Treasury. Now, several years ago we put
several hundred thousand dollars into the hands
of the Secretary of the Treasury to use in his
discretion in this way to compensate those
whose services, in his opinion, were of such a
character as to demand extra pay, and that
sum has been distributed by him as well as by
his predecessor; and accordingto the testimony
of his predecessor, as well as the testimony of
the present Secretary of the Treasury, it is a
discretion which never ought to have been
placed in tne hands of the head of that Depart-
ment. It has the effect to put the whole force
under him in such subordination to him as to
make them come to him in such a way and
appeal to him in such a way as to destroy both
their independence of character and the inde-
pendence of the position they hold, and his
own independence of action. And, sir, I
submit that it will demoralize the whole Treas-
ury Department to say that the whole force
of employes in that Department, both male
and female, shall be subject to the discretion
of the Secretary of the Treasury at the end
of every week; that fifty-two times in the
year the Secretary of the Treasury shall ex-
amine into the work done by every one of
these employes, male or female—every laborer
who may clean the halls or dust the carpets—
as to how well the clerks have done their copy-
ing in this office, and how they have done their
calculations in the other office, and then to
redistribute them as to him may seem best.
Now, the principle contained in the proviso
of my colleague is a sound one—that the amount
paid to one or the other of these employes should
be according to the measure or quality of the
service which they may render to the Govern-
ment, whether it be done by a male or female.
I make no objection to the principle itself;
the theory of the proviso is correct; and if a
female does the same measure and character
of work that is done by a male clerk she should
be entitled to the same amount of pay. But
in the present condition of the laws we must
all know that it is impossible to carry out any
such theory in practice, under the provisions
of this appropriation bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOAR. I move to strike out the last
word. I desire to ask the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations 
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a point of order.
It is this, that the amendment proposes inde-
pendent legislation and is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order
comes too late.
Mr. SARGENT. It was impossible for me
to get the floor sooner to offer it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoak] is recognized.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to another point
of order—that this is an amendment to an
amendment which has been withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
not well taken. The proviso was offered as
an independent provision at the end of the
section, and the amendment is to strike out a
word. They have no connection with each
other.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stevenson] offered an amendment to
which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] has proposed this as an amendment.
The Chair stated that the proposition was to
amend the amendment pending, and now the -
gefitleman from Massachusetts ofifert another.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair felt bound
to recognize the amendment as being in order,
because it was offered with the view of per-
fecting the section ; and the two amendments
did not depend in any way one upon the other.
Mr. HOAR. The chairman ot'the Commit-
tee on Appropriations admits that the propo-
sition I have submitted is a sound one, and
that the object it seeks to accomplish is sound
and wise. His only objection to it arises from
a total, and were it not for the high respect
which I entertain for the source from which it
comes, I would say a most ridiculous perver-
sion of the whole proposition. Because it is
proposed to clothe the Secretary of the Treas-
ury with the power of assigning the duties now
intrusted to clerks in a higher class to clerks
in a lower class, where in his judgment the
public service will permit, the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations gravely addresses
to this assemblage of the statesmen of the coun-
try the suggestion that it is proposed to require
that the Secretary of the Treasury shall inquire
into the performance of his duties by every clerk
in his Department, and shall know distinctly
how well or how ill each female laborer sweeps
out the rooms committed to her charge. Of
course the Secretary of the Treasury will act
in the discharge of these duties just as he acts
in discharging the duty of appointing his offi-
cials, for every one of whom he is responsible,
and just as he acts in his discharge of the duty
of assigning to them their various duties, and
holding them responsible for misconduct. In
all this he acts upon the information furnished
to him with the assistance of his subordi-
nates. There need be no difficulty on this
score.
The effect of this amendment will be to re-
duce by many thousand dollars the expenses
of the administration of this most expensive
part of the Government, simply by providing
that whereas by law there shall be so many
first-class clerks, so many clerks of the sec-
ond class, &c., if the Secretary of the Treas-
ury finds that by increasing the numbers of
the lower and diminishing the numbers of the
higher class, the expenses of his Department
can be diminished, he shall be at liberty to
do it. It is a principle which I think no
man will stand here in the face of the country
and in this age to deny, that when a woman
seeking employment presents herself to you
and says, "I will do a certain duty for you
for $500," she shall have an equal chance
with a man who comes and says, "I will do
the same duty for you, but not for less than
$1,000." I say, that as regards the practical
application of the proposition and the sound-
ness of the principle involved, it may be pos-
sible to meet the proposition with a quibble,
but it is not possible to meet it with a fair and
statesmanlike answer.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. As regarded the soundness
of the principle, I stated that I agreed with my
colleague. It is only as to the practical appli-
cation of it in the wording of the gentleman's
proviso that I differ with him. I desire to ask
my colleague what is to prevent the Secretary
of the Treasury to-day, if he wants a female to
fill the office of First Auditor or Second Au-
ditor, or First Assistant or Second Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury—what is to prevent
him from appointing a female to fill such an
office ?
Mr. HOAR. I will answer the question put
to me by my colleague. The law provides now
distinctly bow many clerks of one class there
shall be and how many clerks of another. It
provides how many male clerks there shall be
and bow many female clerks. _ But this pro-
poses that when a female clerk is ready to per-
form at a lower rate what a male clerk will do
only at a higher rate, she may be employed to
do it.
Mr. DAWES. I know of nothing in the law
that prevents a fourth-class clerkship from
being filled by a female any m&re than by a
