1870.
THE> CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3301
annropriation which was made after its subor-
dination to the Department of the Interior was,
I think, precisely the same as that which had
been made for it in the preceding year. If
there was any difference it was a difference,
perhaps, arising from a transfer of the clerks
from the second or third class to the first class;
but there was no material difference in the
amount of appropriation, no material^ differ-
ence in the administration of the functions of
thIt?I understand the change which has been
made by the House of Representatives it is
simply with a view to provide for another field
of labor, which, it is anticipated, will be occu-
pied by the Bureau of Education, and that is
that part of the duties which have been per-
formed hitherto by the Freedmen's Bureau in
reference to the education of the colored peo-
late8 to education that is now done by the
Freedmen's Bureau. That bill has passed the
House and is now awaiting the action of the
Senate. If that bill passes and becomes a law
it will be utterly impossible for the Commis-
sioner of Education and those who act with
him to carry out the law with any efficiency
j unless there shall be an appropriation made to
i | enable him to do so.
] j The bill is now before us in which that ap-
| propriation should be made ; and had we better
i stick upon mere form, when in every appro-
j priation bill which has passed Congress since
11 have been in Congress legislation has oc-
curredinmakingappropriations? Whyshould
we begin just here on a matter of paramount
importance, for I believe that the Bureau of
Education is as essential to the material pros-
  — r-- perity of this country, to say nothing of its moral
SThVsouU,; and it is with the view of , prosperity and general safety, as the Depart-
ing them facilities for carrying on that ] ment of Agriculture. Skilled labor is more
educational work which has up to the pres- j important than agricultural reports, and your
ent time been niauaged and controlled by the i skilled labor comes from the school, and we
Freedmen's Bureau, but which in the future i need somebody to take charge, to have the
it is expected will be managed and controlled oversight of the education of the interests of
bv the Bureau of Education, that the House of this country; and why starve that department
Representatives have made this change. Now, by a little petty appropriation of $5,400 when ;
whether it is proper to make it in this form in ; we are giving away hundreds of thousands of
this hill at this time or not Heave it entirely in pvp.-v annronn&tion bill for matters
for the Senate to say; but I thought it neces
sary that the facts should be understood, and
I believe I have substantially stated them cor-
rectly.
ilr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I hope
there may be no hesitation in refusing to agree
to this amendment. It seems to me that
the House of Representatives have acted wisely
in increasing the appropriation, and we shall
act very unwisely if we fail to unite with the
House. We, sir, are a republic; we are living
under republican institutions; and, as I under-
stand them, one of their essential elements is
education. Now, sir, here is an agency asso-
ciated with the national Government having
education for its object; and what is the appro-
priation proposed by our excellent committee ?
dollars in every appropriation bill for matters
of not a tithe of the importance of this Bureau
of Education?
I think, sir, it would be unworthy of the
United States Senate to pass this amendment.
If the House has set us a noble example let us
follow it; and if we make any amendment let
us increase the sum rather than cut it down.
I think the action proposed would be an econ-
omy which would be equivalent to waste. There
is such a tiling as that, when by giving we might
increase the income and the prosperity of our
industry.
Mr. SAWYER. I heartily agree with what
has been said by the Senator from Massachu-
setts on the general subject. Nobody can over-
estimate the value of education by itself, or its
value to the Republic. It but is a truism to say
St is $5*400. That is all. Looking on the that thestrength of a republic rests in the educa-
opposite page of the bill, I find an appropria- tion of its people. But I think that this matter
tion of $9,000 for stationery, furniture, and i rests on an entirelv different foundation. Ihe
books for the Interior Department; I find an ! appropriations which have been made for the
appropriation of $16,000 for fuel and lights of | bureau, of agriculture have been made to
the Interior Department; and yet we propose
to give only $5,400 to create and support a
Bureau of Education! Why, sir, is thatdecent?
It seems to me at this age, at this period pf our j
history, when more than ever we are beginning ;
to see the transcendent-advantage of education, |
how much we owe to light— '
"Hail holy light I"
il seems to me strange that we should now
cut down the appropriation for the Bureau of
Education. By turning on I come to the De-
partment of Agriculture, and there I find aa
appropriation of $72,170; and then I turn back
again to the $5,400 for the Bureau of Educa-
tion. I think the House did not go far enough
when they made the appropriation $14,500. I
would make the appropriation as large as that
for the Agricultural Department, and I know
fail well the period is at hand when all of yau
will rejoice to make an appropriation for the
Educational Bureau twice more than that for
the Agricultural Department,
As to the question whether there is any exist-
ing statute to sanction this appropriation, I
dismiss it entirely. It is merely a technicality,
and it ought not now on this appropriation
bill, at this stage, after the vote of the House,
lo be allowed to stand in the way.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President, I should
be very sorry to have this part of the House
bill cut down, or to have the amendment pro-
posed by our Committee on Appropriations
adopted. As has been stated by the Senator
from South Carolina, this $14,500 was put into
the bill io anticipation of the passage of a bill
through the Senate transferring to the Bureau
of Education that part of the work which re-
develop a system or what has grown into a sys-
tem of investigation of the science of agricul-
ture. The bureau of agriculture has been
organized so that th.e public know what its
work is, and the bureau of agriculture itself
j knows what its work is.
I Now, unfortunately up to this time I think
I there is not a Senator on this floor who dis-
! tinctly understands what the business of the
Bureau of Education has been. I think that
there is the great misfortune of this question,
that there is not one of us here who in the
experience of the last few years has been able
to find out what the specific, duty of the Bureau
of Education was. That it is education no one
will pretend, becaase the United States has not
attempted to go into the several States and pro-
vide for the educational wants of the people.
Mr, SUMNER
means. •
. Mr. SAWYER
that. When the
Congress of the
Because it has not had the
It has not attempted to do
question comes before the
United States whether the
United States shall go into the several States
and take charge of the educational institutions
of those States it will be a much larger ques-
tion than is affected by the smallness or the
greatness of this appropriation. I am not
opposed to this appropriation; on the other
hand, I am in favor of agreeing with the House
measure in this , matter, but it is because I
wish to give the Bureau of Education, which
has taken a new start, an opportunity to define
its work, to lay out a plan which shall be intel-
ligent and intelligible, and show that it can be
of value to the country.
I suppose that the reason the appropriation
has been made so small heretofore is because
so small results have been seen from the ap
propriation made; and one reason of my want-
ing the appropriation proposed by the House
passed is to give the Bureau of Education
under its new head an opportunity to show
whether it can do anything that is worth doing;
not because it is a great educational movement;
not because this looks to the education of the
American people, for after all the most we can
expect it to do is to collect some few statistics,
collate them, and present them in reports to
the country so that they may be of general use.
When the Senator from Massachusetts points
to the insignificant amount of this appropria-
tion, and to the much larger amount of the
appropriation for fuel and light, &c., I point
him to the appropriations made by the proper
people for this subject, and that is the people
of the States. The work of this bureau seems
to me to be to stimulate the people of the vari-
ous States to educational progress, not to raise
money to carry on the educational work proper.
In that view I shall vote to agree with the
House.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I feel dis-
posed to follow the suggestion of the commit-
tee. I take it for granted they have examined
the whole subject carefully and adjusted the
appropriation upon a sound and wise principle.
I shall therefore vote to concur in the amend-
ment they have suggested. I should feel bet-
ter satisfied to vote literally for sustaining what
is called the Bureau of Education created by
a former act of Congress, if I could see any
of the real fruits of that legislation ; but thus
far, although I have given some attention to
the subject and made some inquiry, I confess
that I have not seen any very wonderful results
that have flowed from the establishment of this
bureau. We created it several years ago; and
I believe during the war or shortly after the
close of the war.
Mr. DRAKE. About three years ago.
Mr. HOWARD. Shortly after the close of
the war. I have seen no results from this
Bureau of Education except the publication
of a very large and thick volume; some people
would call ita fat volume; so voluminous, at
any rate, that I have not been able to read it
with mueh care; and I do not think that the
country have much ground to expect large
results in the way of education from this bu-
reau. It is not one of the functions of the
Government of the United States to impose
taxes for the purposes of education in the
States. Such is not one of its prdinary funcr
tions at least ; and probably we shall never
undertake, as a Government, to disseminate
education among the people of the United
States until we shall find it necessary to do so
by way of carrying out that clause of the Con-
stitution which requires Congi ss to guaranty
every State a republican form of government.
I admit that the time may come when Con-
gress may find it necessary to exercise that
power in the States, and I think they may do
so constitutionally and fairly when the exigency
shall arise. But ordinarily education is placed
under the safeguards of State legislation, Totes
are raised to pay schoolmasters -and school-
mistresses by the Legislatures of ithe States,
and all the business of education thus far has
been confined to State legislation. I doubt
very much the aptness of the Government of
the United States in the prosecution of, the
ordinary work of education. I think,this-Gov-
ernment is not well fitted for.such a purpose.
I might go further and I. might say—and in
so doing I shall only express: my own convic-
tion, that the abolition of this Bureau of Edu-
cation would do no damage to the. people of
the United States. I think the reformation
might go still further than that. T think it
might include what is, known as the Bureau of
, Statistics. I know of no, good, I must con-
i fess, which has flowed from either of these
' bureaus thus far. There nia^, be some hidden
