1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
399
41st Coxg....2d Sess.
Federal Police in State Elections—Mr. Cox.
Ho. 03? Reps.
Let Chicago, Cincinnati, St. Louis, Philadel-
phia, Charleston, New Orleans, Boston, or
Baltimore enter the list! Show your tax levies
or your criminal calendars! Show not only
the number of your crimes, but the quality!
If you cannot show better than New York,
forever after hold your peace! Do you have
in these cities a smaller valuation of property
for municipal taxation, or a smaller rate than
$2 41 ? Do you have a better police or sys-
tem of restriction and accountability than
New York has to-day under her new order?
If so, show it! Do you have, either in your
cities, States, or in this Federal metropolis or
among your Radical officers, resident in but
not always of New York city, any man or set
of men who returns to the Treasury any sum
or sums he could legally keep ! Think of
that! Name your manl Name the amount
returned! If you count dollars or cents on that
score I will count thousands in favor of the
chief Democrat of New York city.
But of this no matter. No matter howintel-
ligent, good, charitable, patriotic, or commer-
cial New York city may be, this Federal statute
is to be passed to punish New York for her De-
mocracy. Her crime is that she votes her sixty
thousand majority for the Democracy; but do
you not know, sapient legislators, that in pro-
portion to population, not counting the unnat-
uralized, there are fewer voters in New York
than in any other large city in this country? If
not, study up the facts before presuming to read
moral lectures or enact penal laws.
Sir, laws passed in opposition to the public
judgment prove useless and inoperative. Gen-
tlemen may remember the story of Daniel De
Foe, the author of Robinson Crusoe. He was
put in the public stocks for seditious democracy,
I suppose. It was expected that the people
would hurl eggs and garbage at him; but on
the contrary, for some reason, the law and Ijis
conviction were equally unpopular, and the
people came in crowds and hung garlands on
the stocks where the Government thought they
had dishonored him ! And so it will be with
this bill and its victims. You cannot enforce it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Hang garlands
on it?
Mr. COX. Yes, sir, hang garlands on it, if
you please, in honor of public liberty and private
rights, whenever your law clutches any victims
of your gang of informers, for its enforcement.
That Radical gentleman [Mr. Garfielp] may
say that be is trying to cure the licentiousness
of liberty in the elections South and North;
but does he not know as a statesman, a philos-
opher, a gentleman, and a financier, [laugh-
ter,] that licentiousness is the alloy of liberty,
a mere speck on the body-politic ? It should
be touched with a careful, trembling hand, lest
you destroy the body, the very liberty which
you seek to protect! So, in such penalties as
this bill wouid enact against the abuses of the
ballot, you destroy its value as an element of
public liberty.
Mr. Speaker, in the time allotted me I have
not the opportunity to go through this bill and
dissect it, section by section, as I could wish.
I can only marvel at the indifference with which
gentlemen regard this attempt to tramp down
with elephantine foot all private rights and
legal codes. You would grasp at political power
by these undue statutory means; but you will
grasp a shadow. You follow, like Macbeth,
the dangerous vision and unhallowed hopes of a
bewitched ambition! You will fail. Such un-
hallowed ambition in the height of its pre-
sumption will "burst in the emptiness of its
own elevation." You would' enforce a cen-
tralization with bayonet and posse, with quo
warranto and affidavit, but you will fail. Cen-
tralized power, like that seized and wielded
by the present Napoleon, was won by bolder
means, and is being to-day gradually resigned,
with a wisdom infinite compared with yours.
What is your conglom erate incongruity which
you call a law? Let me enumerate some of its
beauties:
1. It is So full of penal clauses as to be ridic-
ulous and ineffectual.
2. It is so full of spite as to be promotive
of litigations and persecutions; and so vengeful
that it would fill jails and cumulate fines beyond
the capacity of masonry to immure the pris-
oners or the people to pay the sums.
3. It is so general inits terms that no inform-
ation or indictment could be drawn upon its
provisions, and therefore it is a fraud upon the
public and the accused.
4. It destroys jury trial.
5. It is so partisan that it discriminates in
favor of the black against the white.
0. It is so unmindful of the Constitution that
it compels State officers to enforce Federal
laws.
7. It creates a class of paid Government
counsel, furnishes fees for them from the pock-
ets of our constituents, and thus increases taxes,
while it fills the nation with a horde of detest-
able spies and informers.
8. It begets a conflict between State and
Federal authorities, and by throwing the sword
into the Federal balance, seeks by military
power to overawe and control the elections of
the States, and while aggrandizing power in
the Federal Government destroys its form,
structure, and genius.
It will be impossible to elaborate all these
points. I will endeavor to elucidate a few of
them :
1. The penal clauses. There are twelve sec-
tions of fines and penalties out of the twenty-
three in this bill! Need I rehearse them?
Imprisonments and fines, fines and imprison-
ments, relieved only by civil suits and counsel
fees! This law is so cumulative with punitive
clauses as to be a monstrosity. Most of these
sections punish with imprisonment and fine for
offenses already amply provided for in State
laws as to election frauds, although those State
laws do not attach, to them such heavy penal-
ties. I could go over the sections of the bill
seriatim, to show the uncalled for weight of
these penalties ; and then I might iu this pres-
ence be permitted to read Jeremy Bentharn
on the old liarsh English penal codes, to show
that all excessive penal clauses overleap them-
selves. They fail of their aim. Will the schol-
arly gentleman [Mr. Bingham] who reported
this bill turn to the fourth chapter of Bowring's
edition of Jeremy Bentham, (volume nine,
page 22,) on penal law? The philosopher
considers what dividends may be made from
the "stock" of human felicity by the penal
codes. We know that he was no advocate of
such Draconian codes. In the spirit of our
"Anglo-American representative democracy,"
or in the spirit of its Constitution against "ex-
cessive" punishments, he traces out all such
codes to lawyer-craft and hypocrisy. He finds
such codes confederate with fraud, and sub-
servient to tyranny. He finds their synonym
in the word "visitation — penal visitation."
To this same source of civil disorder and tur-
bulence do I trace this iniquitous bill.
In what cases shall such severe punishments
be applied ? In what shape; what proportion ?
Rather, Bentham asks, in what shape or pro-
portion shall it not be applied? He answers,
us I answer for all the twelve sections of these
twenty-two sections of this punitive enactment,
these penalties are groundless, needless, ineffi-
cacious, and unprofitable. In such cases pun-
ishment, in the language of the quaint philoso-
pher, is inapt and the cases unmeet.
Take the cases of this bill, from the futile
attempts to raise civil issues to the attempt to
punish a landlord for collecting rent of the
voting tenant under a fine not le3s than $500 ;
from the indefinite conspiracy on the highway
in disguise, with the limit of $5,000 fine and
the imprisonment not exceeding ten years, to
the still more uncertain misdemeanor of holding
office illegally against the fourteenth amend-
ment, under the penalty of $1,000 fine and a
year's imprisonment, or both, and you will see
what Bentham means when, by an a priori
scorn, lie derides such unphilosophic and con-
temptible schemes as this bill is replete withal.
Bentham evidently foresaw cases where the
evils appurtenant to punishment were greater
than the evils to be punished. The misdeed,
in other words, is not so atrocious as the law.
"Of the sort of operation by which for the exclu-
sion of greater evil, evil is purposely produced the
operation called punition is but one mode. For,
taken by itself, government is, in itself, one vast
evil."
What a foresight had this philosopher! He
looked into the heart of this latter day. Where
ever, by the evils of government, greater evil
is excluded, the balance takes the nature and
name of good. In other cases which he exam-
ines the punishment is inefficacious and un-
profitable, because to the undiminished evil
of the offense is added the evil of punishment.
The evil excluded is not so great as that intro-
duced. Thus reasoning, this Congress might
perceive why a wise judgment would denounce
such atrocious remedies as this bill provides
for wrongs not so great as its execution would
induce.
I pass from this abstract phraseology. I
speak plainly when I denounce the intermin-
able, general, excessive, and incomprehensible
penalties against the alleged registration and
voting frauds, North or South, as an intolerable
statutory nuisance. There is no compensation
for its existence by any possible good. It will
become a dead, putrescent letter on the statute.
Courts, jurors, and witnesses will laugh the law
down. Public opinion will despise it. The
penalties may now and then go to the spy and
informer; but the bread they buy will choke
those who eat it.
2. I pass lightly over the point as to litiga-
tions and persecutions. This bill begins where
it is the interest of all there should be an
end, to wit, litigation. The bill is a provision
for fees, counsel, spies, informers, suits, &c.,
to the end of this generation. Hence I am
opposed to it because it is a bill of spite. It
has no spirit of amnesty. It makes reprisals.
It is reprehensible because it does nothing to
heal wounds. It pours into them no balm. It
is a'bill of prosecutions. It is a fruitful source
of litigation. At the end of civil war there
ought to be tranquillity. You are five years
after its end beginning a system of proscription
which will have retaliation, and again retalia-
tion. There is no end of this incessant system
of provocation but civil war again.
3. If any lawyer will examine the clauses of
the bill he will perceive howvery general it is in
its terms. It is so general that I might apply
to it the old Latin maxim, Dolus latet in geii-
eralibus—fraud lies in generalities. Read the
bill through, and you will find that there are
penalties for omission and commission. The
legal certainty on which to frame an indictment
is not apparent. Some of the sections punish
a man if he does not comply '' with the bill."
The accused has no exact definition of his
offense. If an officer "refuse or knowingly
omit to give effect to this section"—such are
the words, forsooth, on which to draw an
indictment! How can the astute lawyer from
Ohio, who was one of this conference commit-
tee, or the gentleman [Mr. Davis] who dis-
tinguished himself so much in criminal practice
the other day in New York, and who is now
looking me in the face, [laughter]—how could
they or either of them with all their skill draw
an indictment under such general clauses?
i. This bill destroys the right of trial by
jury. This is anotherpomt to show the lawyer
craft, or unlawyer-lilce craft of this bill. In
the third section, where a person offers and
