4246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
relation to bridges across the Ohio river upon
the Calendar of special orders.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope that resolution will be
adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. The question of these
bridges bas been under consideration for a good
while. I should have no objection to consid-
ering it in a full Senate, but I do, not want to
make the bill a special order. I think it should
not be made a special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. COLE. There are a great many bills
on the Calendar of equal merit with this, and
1 think it is very objectionable to make special
orders in this way, giving preference to par-
ticular bills.
Mr. MORTON. There are very few bills
on the Calendar of more importance thanthis
one relating to bridges over the Ohio river.
.There is an actual and pressing danger of the
navigation of that river being destroyed by the
construction of short-span bridges. It seems
to me that this bill ought to be placed in a posi-
tion where it can be acted upon at an early
period.
Mr. DRAKE. From information which I
have received of a most authentic character I
am led to concur, in the mostdccided manner,
in the remarks of the Senator from Indiana.
There is great danger to the navigation of that
river from the short-span bridges which rail-
road companies are building across it. I am
satisfied that the interests of the whole valley
of the Mississippi arc involved in the legisla-
tion which Congress may pass upon this sub-
ject; and I do hope, for the whole interests of
that region, that this bill will obtain such pre-
cedence and position.as will enable us to act
jpon it at this session of Congress.
Mi'. TIPTON. I trust, if the Senate is ready
to make special orders, that they will remem-
ber that there are other bills that ought to be
made special orders as well as this one. Every
Senator has bills in his special charge in which
he is deeply interested, and has been for ses-
sions perhaps, bills of as much interest to him
as this bill, which is said to be a bill of general
character. If we are to make a special order
of this bill, I trust we shall make special orders
of others equally importaut, unless we adopt
the other rule, and I hope we shall, to proceed
and reach every bill in its regular order on the
Calendar, and give precedence to none. That
would be fair to the whole Senate. But we
know that this bill will provoke a protracted
debate. We understand that there is a differ-
ence of opinion among Senators and in the
country in regard to what is an obstruction
to the Ohio, or any other river in the United
States.
Mr. THAYER. So far as I am advised I
am in favor of the bill referred to by the Sen-
ator fro in Indiana and expect to support it;
but if a discrimination is to be made here in
regard to bills as to which shall be made a
special order I shall feel obliged to object. A
bill in which my colleague and myself feel a
deep interest has been objected to: I do not
know by what rule you can put one bill on the
Calendar of special orders and then reject
another. I have come to the conclusion that
this whole business of making special orders is
entirely out of place and wrong, and that we
had better do away with it and go back to the
old practice. If a bill in which we of Nebraska
ieel an interest is objected to I shall feel bound
to object to others.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust that this bill will
be made a special order, for the reason that it
is of general import. The Senator from Indi-
ana has stated most justly that the erection of
bridges is almost daily, certainly every season,
making the navigation of that great river, the
Oliio, moic dangerous ; and if you suffer it to
go on for two or tii i-ee years longer in the power
of these vast corporations you will not be able
to use the surface of the river at all.
Now, as to the bill in which the Senators
from Nebraska feel so deep an interest. I
always vote for such bills. It is a bill for a
railroad grant in their own State. We all vote
for those bills here. I believe it has become
almost a part of our faith that we shall vote
for all railroad bills which ask for public lands.
If they asked for nothing, I guess we should
go against them. [Laughter.]
It seems to me very strange that gentlemen
who have so many local bills in the passage of
which they desire us all to assist, should object
to fixing a day for the consideration of this
great and important bill. Only last year, to
save a very great wrong in the construction of
a bridge, the people engaged in the coal busi-
ness on the upper waters of the Alleghany
actually subscribed and paid from their own
pockets $30,000 to the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company to extend the span of their
bridge some twenty feet more than they would
otherwise have done. Individuals from their
own pockets were compelled to pay that sum
by the extortion of that company. That cer-
tainly ought not to be ; because that coal trade
is important to everybody, to every portion of
the people living along the whole valley of
that great river and the greater river into which
it flows. I think there ought to be no objec-
tion to making this bill a special order.
Mr. COLE. In my judgment, it is not a
proposition to facilitate the passage of a bill
to make it a special order. To make it a spe-
cial order is to invite discussion of it. If it
is left on the Calendar, to be reached as
other bills upon the Calendar are, the proba-
bilities are that it will be passed without much
discussion.
Mr. POMEROY. The franking billhas been
made a special order.
Mr. COLE. The franking bill, as I am
informed by the Senator from Kansas, has been
made a special order, and it has been so for a
long time. It has excited a good deal of dis-
cussion already, and will excite a great deal
more, whereas if it were on the Calendar in
all probability we should have passed it in five
minutes when it was reached. I do not think,
therefore, that the proposition to make any bill
a special order is a proposition in favor of its
passage, or one that will at all facilitate its
passage.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is that the objection of the
Senator from California to the franking bill,
that it is a special order ?
Mr. COL13. I think that is probably the
greatest objection the Senate can tind to it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I understand that the Sen-
ator on every occasion has voted against the
bill, and I never knew what objection ho had
to it bel'oie.
Mr. BOREMAN. This is a bill of some
importance, unquestionably; but, as 1 have
remarked on two or throe occasions, when an
effort has been made to make it a special
order, I can see no reason why it should take
precedence over scores of other bills that are
on the Calendar.
As the senior Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cameron] has seen fit to refer to what
has taken place in past years, I tnay say that
since this bill was under discussion here a
year since the circumstances have entirely
changed. A compromise has been made with
the Pennsylvania coal interest, which is press-
ing this matter. The <3pans of the bridges have
been agreed upon, and the whole masonry of
the bridges has been completed, in pursuance
of that agreement, since that time. That is
true of both these bridges, about which this
controversy has arisen ; and yet, after all that,
the effort is not only made to come here and
ask the Congress of the United States to pass
a law to tear down and remove what has been
erected in pursuance of the contract, but you
will find in this bill a provision to refund money
to those gentlemen who contributed of their
means. It is proposed to tear down bridges
already completed, not merely the bridges in
progress of construction, but those already
completed, and besides that to refund to those
who have constructed them their cost, and to
rebuild them again. ,
I do not wish to go into the merits of this
subject at this time, but I simply wish to say
to the Senate that I cannot see in the facts and
circumstances connected with this bill any rea-
son why it should take precedence over many
other bills that are upon the Calendar.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I do not desire
to occupy any time in the discussion of whether
this bill should be made a special order. But,
as the Senator from West Virginia has called
attention to the fact that the status of this ques-
tion has changed in the last year, I desire briefly
to state what the status of the question is on
the bill which I propose to make a special
order. It is Senate bill No. 206, which was
reported at the last session. I have given
notice of an amendment, which I propose to
offer to the bill when it is reached, embodying
the substance of a bill previously reported by
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
with regard to bridges across the Ohio river,
adding simply to that bill that which the Sen-
ator from West Virginia has properly stated
is now demanded, and that embodies the ques-
tion of whether the Congressofthe United States
will proceed to make aunual appropriations to
clear away obstructions in the Ohio river, and
yet, by their legislation, authorize otherobslruc-
tions to be put there materially injuring the
commerce of the river, and very injurious to
the property of those who are engaged in it.
These bills have been before the Senate now
for several sessions; and it is perfectly mani-
fest that if they remain upon the Calendar they
cannot be reached and taken up without objec-
tion. They do involve, as the Senator from
Ohio has said, not simply a local question, but
involve the interests of those who are engaged
in commerce on the Ohio river, and involve the
interests of all the States below these bridges
that are supplied with coal from the upper por-
tion of the Ohio river; and it is highly import-
ant that the question whether that stream is to
continue obstructed from year to year by addi-
tional obstructions, or whether Congress will
now enter upon a consistent policy of prevent-
ing obstructions which shall not hereafter re-
quire appropriations to remove them, should
be decided.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the resolution, which makes the bill alluded
to a special order, which requires a two-thirds
vote.
The resolution was not agreed to—ayes thir-
teen, noes not counted.
steamship line to mexico.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next resolution.
The Chief Clerk. The next is a resolution
submitted by Mr. Kellogg, to place Senate
bill No. C83, authorizing mail steamship ser-
vice in the Gulf of Mexico, between the port,
of New Orleans and certain ports of the repub-
lic of Mexico, upon the Calendar of special
orders.
Mr. KELLOGG. Let that be passed over. .
'1 he VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be passed over.
corliss steam-exgim3 company.
The next resolution was stated to be one
submitted by Mr. Spencer on the 1st of June,
relative to a settlement made by the Navy
Department with the Corliss Steam-Engine
Company.
The ViCE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Alabama [Mr. SrEircER] desires to speak on
this resolution; and as he is not in his seat
now it will be passed over.
amendments to appropriation bills.
The next resolution on the Calendar was the
following, reported by Mr. Edmuxds, from the
