5190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
as it should, it will come to the conclusion that
this will be the result. And for this reason I
rise to say a few words.
The law of Kentucky provides that certain
classes of men, whom we may assume to have
been unfaithful to the country, shall be dis-
qualified to hold the office of officers of elec-
tion. A provision of the constitution of that
State requires that these election officers shall
be sworn. It appears in this case that the
presiding officers of the election were neither
qualified to hold the office, nor were they
sworn ; two requisites vital to the correct pro-
ceedings of an election ; two provisions which
cannot be justly and rightfully disregarded by
the House.
My own opinion has always been that the
Government of the United States should have
taken action for itself to determine the rights
and positions of those who had engaged in the
rebellion against the Government; but inas-
much as this has not been done, and as the
question has been left to the States, we cer-
tainly ought to see that the provisions of State
laws and State constitutions on the subject
are carried into effect.
Now the gentlemen of the committee say to
us that although the officers in certain pre-
cincts were not qualified and were not sworn
yet they were dc facto officers, and therefore
their decision is binding upon us. They cite
numerous precedents of the courts of different
States to show that the decision of a dc facto
officer is binding upon the public and upon
third parties. 1 admit without any hesitation
the validity of the decisions to which refer-
ence has been made ; but those decisions have
no application whatever to this case. They
stand upon a principle of public law entirely
different from that here presented. The
House of Representatives in this proceeding
is not a third party. It is ail original party.
It has original and absolute rights ; and among
those rights is the right to consider and de-
termine every question of every character
involved in an election for a member of this
House.
This being our position, we having the right to
consider these questions for ourselves, and not
being bound by the precedents of courts of law
in regard to the rights of the public or of third
parties, we should look at the position of the
question for ourselves and determine it. If men
disqualified because they have been engaged in
an effort, to destroy this Government are permit-
ted by this House to conduct elections through-
out the whole South, and if men who have not
been sworn in accordance with the constitution
and ths laws of the respective States where
they act, who have not taken the oath to per-
form their duty according to the laws, are
admitted to perform that duty, and if we are
prohibited under such circumstances from
examining into what men thus acting have
done, upon the ground that they are do facto
officers and that we are bound by their action,
then the right to decide questions of this kind
is taken from the House of Representatives
and given to the courts whose decisions are
here cited. This is one of the fundamental
principles upon which we ought to stand so
long as there are men legally disqualified. I
do not stand here to say that these men ought
to be disqualified forever; on the contrary, I
am as lenient as any man ought to be on this
subject. But as long as these laws stand, as
long as we require that men who are to be
sworn to perform a particular duty shall not
have been enemies of the country, we ought to
adhere to this requirement, especially in a State
like Kentucky, where the provision has been
established by the State as the law for the gov-
ernment of its citizens and its elections.
Why, sir, in the address issued only a few
days ago by about seventy-five Democratic
members of this House and of the Senate, it
was openly proclaimed to the people of the
South that they should not put into office men
who are disqualified—men who cannot or will
not take the oath of office prescribed by law.
In that address these Democratic members and
Senators entreat their friends throughout the
whole South to be mindful of this advice, and
to elect to office such men only as can or will
take the oath, such men only as are qualified
to act under the laws of the Government or
of the several States where they may be called
upon to perform their duties. Yet here we
have a committee of this House speaking for
the Republican party, and taking directly op-
posite grounds. In this report tie committee
say in effect that the people may choose for
their officers those who are not qualified, those
who cannot take the legal oaths; that if such
officers be chosen we cannot investigate the
question whether they are qualified to act or
not. Such a position is an absolute surren-
der of the privileges secured to this House by
the Constitution. I think the majority of this
House will not consent to admit that officers
may act although they are disqualified, and that
we must receive their action although they
neglect or refuse to take the oaths of office
required by the statutes and constitutions of
their respective States.
One honorable gentleman who spoke in sup-
port of the position taken by tfee committee
made this distinction: that where the qualifica-
tion is permanent it may be enforced, and
where it is temporary its enforcement is not
required. Sir, it makes no difference, so far
as this question is concerned, whether the dis-
qualification be temporary or permanent. The
disqualification on the ground of political dis-
abilities can only be considered as temporary,
because the Government has the power, and
the States may be empowered, to remit those
disabilities whenever it may be deemed proper
to do so; and it is for this reason I say that we
ought to go beyond the records and decide for
ourselves whether it is a proper thing for men
disqualified by the laws of the country to be
placed in the highest offices.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a minute or two further.
Mr. MAYNARI). With pleasure.
Mr. BANKS. It is our duty to inquire and
decide for ourselves whether men disqualified
by the laws of the country should be placed in
office to discharge duties of a higher character
than any other officers are called upon to per-
form ; we are called upon to decide whether
we should disregard disqualifications of this
character or allow men who are disqualified
from taking the oath to perform these duties?
I am sure if the House will view the question
in its proper light it will not agree to surrender
the duty which it is called upon to discharge
and the right which it possesses under the
Constitution to decide this question for itself
without any regard to the decisions of the
courts.
Mx-. PAINE. I understand objection is
withdrawn by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Muxgen] if only half an hour is allowed to the
contestant and half an hour to the sitting
member.
The SPEAKER. In what order is it pro-
posed they shall speak ?
Mr. PAINE. That is not for me to say.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest that the con-
testant, who holds the affirmative side of the
question, according to every principle of legal
practice, ought to have the concluding argu-
ment.
Mr. RANDALL. What has been the prac-
tice heretofore?
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to giv-
ing each half an hour prior to the conclusion
of the argument on the part of the gentleman
from Iowa?
Mr. McCRARY. I think I had better con-
clude my argument, and then provision can be
made for extra time.
Mr. RANDALL. So far as I remember the
sitting member has usually had the reply.
Mr. MAYNARD. I beg to differ from my
learned friend from Pennsylvania.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman may be
more learned than I am, but I know the facts
better than he does.
Mr. PAINB. My proposition is this: that
half an hour be given each to the contestant
and the sitting member before the gentleman
from Iowa concludes his remarks. I made no
point as to the order in which they should
speak.
The SPEAKER. If consent be given to
these two gentlemen to proceed, and they should
precede the gentleman from Iowa, the Chair
would rule that the silting member should
speak first and be followed by the contestant,
the concluding argument to be with the gen-
tleman from Iowa, who made the report in this
case. The sitting member should be the first
as the gentleman from Iowa concludes the case
on the same side. But, if they come in after-
ward, as the gentleman suggests, then the
Chair would rule that the contestant should
speak first and the sitting member afterward.
The gentleman from Iowa will speak first, to
be followed for half an hour by the contestant
and then for half an hour by the sitting mem-
ber. Is there objection ?
Mr. RANDALL. I wisbrto hear from the
gentleman having charge of the case.
TheSPEAKER. Is there objection ?
Mr. RANDALL. I do object. 1 wish to
know whether the gentleman having the man-
agement of the case wishes to proceed.
Mr. McCRARY. If I have the floor I will
proceed. I will yield first five minutes to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb.]
Mr. KERR. What is the arrangement?
The SPEAKER. There has been no ar-
rangement arrived at.
Mr. RANDALL. With the understanding
that the gentleman having charge of the £ase
closes at this time, to be followed by the con-
testant, as suggested, and then by the sitting
member, I do not object.
TheSPEAKER. Js there objection to the
arrangement suggested by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, that after the hour of the gen-
tleman from Iowa the contestant shall speak
for half an hour and then the sitting member
for another half hour ?
There was no objection ; and it was agreed to
accordingly.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I shall detain
the House but for a few moments on this case,
and I desire mainly to say that, as a member
of the sub-committee, during nearly all the
time taken by it for the consideration of the
case, it was my misfortune to be out of the
city on leave of absence. After my return I
learned from my colleagues on the committee
what determination had been reached. I then
proceeded for myself to make a laborious and
full examination of the pleadings and testi-
mony, and I have now to say that I entirely
concur in all the conclusions of my colleagues,
and I have great pleasure ill indorsing the
very able report made by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. .McCrary,] both on its statements
of facts and of the law applicable thereto. I
think its reasoning so clear, just, and forcible
as that it should challenge universal assent.
In its treatment of the case I think it is emi-
nently honorable and judicial.
Now, a few words in reference to these laws,
or rather in reference to the one which has
been so much referred to in this discussion,
the act of 1862. It is useless for intelligent
gentlemen in this House to undertake to con-
ceal from themselves, from the House, or from
the country, the fact that that law of 1862 had
its origin in the peculiar circumstances which
rested upon Kentucky at that time, and that it
was designed to exclude from election boards
members of a certain political party then ex-
isting m Kentucky. That political party long
since ceased to exist, does not now exist there,
did not exist there in November, 18CS, has
never existed iu Kentucky since the war closed.
