2358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Api il 13
under your tariff system a man pays taxes in
proportion to the number of his family, in pro-
portion to the amount of coffee and tea which
ho uses, and to the amount of cloth ha needs
for the clothing of his family ; his taxation is
increased in proportion as the wants and neces- j
sities of his family increase. For what is he
taxed? For the support of the Government?
No, sir; the tariff on many articles is now pro-
hibitory, and the Government derives no rev-
enue from them. When the tariff on railroad
iron is put up so high that the English manu-
facturers cannot compete with the manufac-
turers in this couutry, does the iron-monger in
Pennsylvania sell any cheaper? Not a bit.
All the duty that the Government has received
on iron since 1800 is a mere bagatelle. The
effect of the tariff is merely to increase the
profits of the manufacturers at the expense of
the consumers.
So, too, of the duty of 5 cents a yard on the
cheap cottons, the shirtings used by the labor-
ing men and their families. Who gets the
benefit of it? It is a mere bonus to the manu-
facturers of New England. I am opposed to
all this mode of protecting and fostering Amer-
ican industry. There are a thousand other pur-
poses to which capital can be applied mid made
available and profitable without paying a bonus
to these gentlemen to induce them to engage
in these pursuits. Lot us buy where wo can
buy cheapest aud sell where we can sell dear-
est, and raise revenue by direct taxes ; let us
make men pay in proportion to their wealth
aud not in proportion to their families. 1 am
utterly opposed to this tariff system. It was
a fraud in its inception and has been a swin-
dle ever since. I want to see a fair deal. If
men cannot make money by manufacturing
iron let them put their capital in something
else. There ase plenty of unfinished railroads ;
there are millions of acres of uncleared lands
and unbroken prairie j there are all kinds of
industries that are to-day needing capital for
their development. Your tariff system, and
vour revenue system which grows out of it, and
m only a part and parcel of it, are a gigantic
..windie. I am a free-trader.
| [Iere the hammer fell.]
Mr. INGKUSOLL. I desire, if it is in order,
to offer a substitute for line nine of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order
now, as there is amotion to strike out the line
and insert already pending.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the middle word.
A great many things aro said very plausibly
by gentlemen who have not looked, perhaps,
at the figures.
The getftleman from Now York [Mr. Wood]
proposes asasubstitute for the pending amend-
ment one which shall fix the tariff upon tea at
5 per cent, ad valorem, lie was asked how
much it would produce at that rate, and he
denied that any one could toll. If there was
the same quantity of it brought in under such
an amendment of the tariff as was imported last
year, it would produce, instead of the present
revenue of near $12,000,000, only $044,000.
ISut the gentleman says that is no standard,
lie says that it would increase the revenue be-
cause it would so largely increase the import-
ation. Now, does the gentleman know what
amount of tea in value was imported last year?
The amount was $12,889,383 20. That was
under a tariff of 25 cents per pound, a specific
rate. If you cut it down to 5 percent, ad
valorem, it would require $185,000,000 worth,
being much more than all thetea in the world,
to be brought into the United States to bring
even as much as we get now.
Mr. WOOD. What is the absolute neces-
sity of raising just precisely so much money
from the duty on tea? The gentleman argues
as if we had no recourse but to raise so much
revenue from that article.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was not saying that
tiiere were no other articles from which we
could raise revenue, but I was replying to the
argument of the gentleman. Ho took the
ground that if we put the duty down to 5
per cent, ad valorem such would be the in-
crease in the quantity of tea imported into the
country that the amount of revenuo from that
nrticle would be increased. I replied to him,
showing by figures that if all the tea in the
world were introduced at that rate it would not
produce anything like the revenue now derived
from that article. It would take $185,000,000
worth of tea, at the rate the gentleman pro-
poses, to produce the same amount of revenuo
that $12,000,000 worth does now.
Mr. WOOD. The consumer would receive
the benefit of the difference.
Mr. SCHENCK. X have pledgod myself to
give the House an opportunity to proceed to
the consideration of business on tho Speaker's
table this afternoon.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. Let mo have five min-
utes first.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose, at half past
three o'clock, five minutes from this time,
whether this subject is disposed of or not, to
move that tho committee rise.
Mr. COX. I am in favor of the motion of
my colleague [Mr. Wood] in reference to an
ail valorem duty on tea. I believe that rich
people ought to pay twice as much ou their
tea, for they get twice as good an article. I
believe that the ad valorem principle applied
to tea is the correct principle. It might not,
owing to frauds, &c., bo the best principle to
apply to other articles. If the poor man pays
75 cents a pound for his tea he will, under
this bill, pay twice as much per cent, of tariff
duly on his pound of tea as the rich man will
pay on his tea for which ho pays $1 CO per
pound. Ten years ago in this House I made
a motion to change the manner of levying duty
on tea, coffee. &c.; but tho old manner is still
adhered to. I shall vote for the proposition in
this bill to reduce the duty on tea to 20 cents
per pound and on coffee to 4 cents per pound.
But I shall do so because 1 believe I can do
no better. But I believe our taxes should be
reduced.
Let me illustrate my position by a few figures.
I believe $100,000,000 a year of taxes have
beeu levied and collected which should have
been left in the pockets of the people or applied
to the payment of tho national debt. Of that
sum $100,000,000 should have been left in the
pockets of the people, and to that extent wo
would have removed the temptation to steal
and commit frauds on tho Treasury.
If we would only reduce our national ex-
penditures to the expenditures even of the time
of Mr. Buchanan, making due allowance for
the increase of population since that time, wo
should not have spent more than $80,000,000
last year. Allowing $130,094,000 for interest
ou the public debt, there ought to lia^e been
left in the hands of tho people an amount of
at least $100,000,000, which was taken from
them by taxes.
I believe wo ought to reduce the duty on tea,
coffee, sugar, and everything else. And I do
not propose to allow this invidious measure to
go through for cutting down the duty ou tea,
coffee, and sugar without putting in my ex-
planation, if not my vote, to the effect that this
bill is a devicc and scheme of fraud to keep
the enormous, fraudulent, and inordinate tax
on pig iron and the manufactures of iron. I
have already shown in this House, and it can-
not be denied, that tho $30,000,000 on pig
iron alone goes into the pockets of one favored
class that does not embrace two hundred peo-
ple. It is proposed to keep this up by some
fortunate concurrence between tho lathers of
the Republic, who first put tea in a tariff, and
the gentleman from Ohio who reports this bill
with tea named first. The very first blow
directed at the mass of the people is in the
shape of this reduction—this popular reduc-
tion—on coffee, tea, and sugar. If this bill
were in fact framed in the interest of the mass
of the people it would commence with pig iron,
salt, lumber, leather, and all those articles that
go into the general consumption of the coun-
try. This bill is a fraud on the people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment I offered, and move that the committee-
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
tho state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. II. No.
1068) to amend existing laws relating to the
duty on imports, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
MESSAGE l?KOM THE SENA.TK.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamxiit,
one of their clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed a bill, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested, of the
following title:
A bill (S. No. 745) authorizing the corpora-
tion of the city of Washington to set apart por-
tions of streets and avenues as parks for trees,
and walks.
OltPKR Of BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts takes precedence.
On agreeing to the motion there were—ayes
72, noes 39.
So the motion was agreed to.
Tho House accordingly resolved itself into
tho Committee of the Whole (Mr. Niblack
in the chair) for the consideration of bills on 1
tho Private Calendar.
JANES, rOTTLBR, KIKTLAND AND OO.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move that the Committee of the Whole take up
the bill (M. ft. No. 1607) fortherelief of Janes,
Fowler, Kirtland & Co.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was read. It dirccts the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Janes, Powler, Kirt-
land & Co., of New York, contractors for
building the Dome of the Capitol at Washing-
ton, ont of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, $00,000, in full satis-
faction of ail claims for losses or damagesaris-
ing from the action of the Government in
stopping, ordering, and directing the construc-
tion of the work.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let the report be read.
Mr. WOOD. I was about to raise a point
of order, but I will waive it till the report has
been road.
Mr. WASHBURN; of Massachusetts. If
tho gentleman will withdraw the call for the
reading of the report, which is long, I will
state in a few words the circumstances of this
case. Mr. Fowler, whom this bill is designed to
relieve, is a gentleman of New York, and I
presume a constituent of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman will permit
me to say that I know no discrimination as to
the residence of individuals where the interests
of tho Government are concerned.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Ionly
made that remark because the gentleman tho
other day told how many constituents of his
had claims. I do not know whether the claim-
ant here is one of his constituents, but he is
from New York. This is a peculiarly bard
case. Mr. Fowler, whoisnowanold man, some
seventy years of age, took tho contract prior
to the war to place the Dome upon this Capitol.
He agreed to do it at a given price, and went
forward to complete the work under the con-
tract, When the war broke out the Govern-
