102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
States of Massachusetts and Maine interest
paid by them on advances to the United States
and to provide for the defense of the north-
eastern frontier; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
land reserves in California.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 86) in
regard to the suspension of tho sale of certain
lands in California; which was read a first and
second time.
The resolution recites that it is represented
that one million acres of fertile lands in the
State of California, formerly reserved for the
Southern Pacific railroad, and recently restored
by the Secretary of the Interior by an order to
take effect after thirty days' notice, will be im-
mediately entered by speculators, to the exclu-
sion of settlers, unless further legislation is had;
and declares that the Secretary of the Interior
be requested to suspend the execution of his
said order until the subject can be considered
by this Congress.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to have the jointresolution put upon its passage
at this time.
No objection being made, the joint resolution
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time ; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVANCEMENTS IN TUB NAVY.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution (H. Ii. No.
87) in regard to advancements of rank in the
Navy ; which was read a first and second time.
The jointresolution recites that certain naval
officers complain that they have been over-
looked and ignored in the matter of advance-
ment of rank, and that these complaints come
from officers of great faithfulness and high
repute in the service and have the appearance
at least of being well founded; and declares
that in accordance with the suggestions of the
Secretary of the Navy in his iate report the
Secretary of the Navy be and is hereby author-
ized to appoint a board of officers, removed by
high rank from all personal interest on this
question, to examine the cases complained of
and report their conclusions for such action by
the Executive and Congress as to them may
seem proper.
Mr. MOOIIE, of Illinois. I desire to have
the joint resolution put on its passage.
Mr. CONGER. I object.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Then I move that
it be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL JUNCTION RAILWAY COMPANY.
Mr. WELKER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 572) to amend an
act incorporating the National Junction Rail-
way Company ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee for the
Distrietof Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
taxation and tariff.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution for consid-
eration at the present time ;
Whereas it is advisable to modify taxation and
tariff in instances whore unjust or burdensome dis-
criminations arc made by the present law: There-
fore,
Jtesolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to report a bill at once entirely repeal-
ing- the unjust and mirdensome tariff on coal, for the
prompt action ot the House and for the relief of the
households of the country.
Air. DICKEY. I object.
Mr. COX. I move to suspend the rules, in
order that the resolution may be entertained.
On the question, there were—ayes 51, noes
66.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
CAPTURE OF JEFFERSON DAVIS.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to move the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo directed to
furnish information to this Houso ill relation to tho
Sayment of the bounty for the capture of Jefferson
>avis, allowed by act of Congress July27,1868, what
proportions have been paid to commissioned officers,
and what proportions to enlisted men; whether any
applications for shares thereof are now on file and
undecided, and whether any additional legislation is
necessary bofore a final settlement and distribution
can be made.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I object.
RESTRICTIONS ON COMMERCE.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 88) provid-
ing for the removal of restrictions on com-
merce ; which was read a first and second time.
The jointresolution declares that the United
States Government does not consider itself
bound by treaties made by foreign Powers among
themselves without its consent imposing re-
strictions or charges upon the passage of ves-
sels of war or commerce through seas, or straits
connecting seas; and that the President be
requested to instruct the diplomatic and con-
sular representatives of the United States to
procure the perfect freedom of navigation for
all vessels of war or commerce in all parts of
the world.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to have the joint resolution put upon its
passage.
Objection having been made,
Mr. KELLEY moved that the joint resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the bill which I introduced on Satur-
day, a bill (H. R. No. 496) authorizing an
additional issue of legal-tender notes to the
amount of $44,000,000, and for other purposes,
may be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection; and it was so ordered.
SALE OF MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That tho Committee on the Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the necessity and ex-
pediency of providing by law for the survey and sale
of lands heretofore reserved as mineral, and of
amending the act of Congress of July 26,18613, rela-
tive to tho sale of mineral lands.
Mr. SARGENT. I object.
SURVEY OF IIOUSATONIC RIVER.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and hereby
is, authorized and directed to cause a survey to be
made of the Housatonic river. Connecticut, below
Derby, in the district of New Haven.
CUBA.
Mr. WOOD. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President bo respectfully re-
quested,if not inconsistentwiththe public interests,
to communicate to this IIouso copies of any corre-
spondence with the American minister at Madrid
referring to Cuba, together with the letter of instruc-
tions to that minister, and copies of any correspond-
ence with the Government of Spain relating to the
same question.
Mr. DAVIS. I object.
Mr. WOOD. 1 move to suspend the rules.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot yield
for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from New York made his motion in
time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I did not yield
the floor for that purpose. I yielded only for
such matters as could be considered by unani-
mous consent. That was the condition on
which I have all along allowed motions to be
made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman as yielding to the gentleman from
New York to offer that resolution. If he yields
he cannot prescribe conditions, and if the gen-
tleman to whom he yields moves to suspend
the rules it is beyond the power of the gentle-
man from Ohio to object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. All I fear is
that the resolution will take up time.
Mr. WOOD. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call for the reading of
the resolution.
The Clerk again read the resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope there
will be no objection to that.
Mr. WOOD. Then why did you object?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I did not object
to the resolution.
Mr. WOOD. Everybody objected on that
side of the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Nobody is
opposed to it.
Mr. LOGAN. I am for it.
Mr. WOOD. Very well; then why not say
so before?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Davis] insist on his objection?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; I do not.
The resolution was then entertained by unan -
imous consent, and agreed to.
REPEAL OF CIVIL-TENURE ACT.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield now for
the last time to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 574) to repeal several acts relating
to the tenure of civil offices; which was read
a first and second time, recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. FARN-SWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was recommitted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS ON TUB SPEAKERS TABLE.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
move that the House proceed to the business
on the Speaker's table, for the purpose of tak-
ing up a bill of the Senate removing the dis-
abilities of three men whose disabilities are
merely technical, but who are unable to bold
office.
The motion was agreed to.
RATIFICATION OF FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT.
The first business upon the Speaker's table
was the following message from the President
of the United States:
To the House of Representatives:
I transmit a report from the Secretary of State, in
answer to a resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of yesterday, asking to be informed what State
Legislatures have ratified the proposed fifteenth
amendment to tho Constitution of the United States.
U. S. GRANT.
Washington, December 9,1860.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let the com-
munication of the Secretary of State be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
To the President:
The Secretary of State having received a resolution
of tho House of Representatives of the 8 th of Decem-
ber, 1869, asking him to inform that House wliatState
Legislatures have ratified the proposed fifteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United States,
has the honor to report to the President that otfieial
notice has been received at this Department of the
ratification of the amendment to the Constitution oi
the United States proposed by the Fortieth Congress
at its third session, as article fifteen, by the Legis-
latures of tho States, and at the respective dates
mentioned in the accompanying list.
Respectfully,
HAMILTON FISH,
Secretary ofktate.
Washington, December y, 18G9.
