1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2sm
ment stopped the work. The contract, as is
usual in such cases, reserved twenty per cent,
to be paid to the contractor in case the work
should be stopped. When this work was stopped
by the Government Sir. Fowler applied for the
twenty per cent., and it was refused to him.
After the work had been delayed two or three
years the Government asked him to go forward
and complete it under his contract. Mr. Fowler
at first declined to do so, because prices had
so risen that the completion of the work would
cost him double what it would have cost if it
had not been delayed. Ho was told that if he
would go forward and complete the work he
would be reimbursed for the increase in the
prices of material, &c. The late Senator Foot,
chairman of the Committee on Public Build-
ings, assured him that if he would resume and
complete the work he would, on its comple-
tion, introduce a bill to compensate him for
the increased expense incurred by reason of
the delay.
The old gentleman, relying on this, went for-
ward to complete his contract in the best pos-
sible manner. Senator Foot introduced a bill
in the Senate. On examination it was found
that the old gentleman had lost over one hun-
dred thousand dollars, and the committee of
the Senate came to the conclusion that sixty-
odd thousand dollars was the amount which
iron had risen while he was delayed in the
work. The committee reported the bill. It
passed the Senate unanimously. It came to
the House. The Committee of Claims, the
chairman of which at that time was Mr. Del-
ano, unanimously agreed to give this man that
amount of $60,000. The time ran out and the
committee could not report it. So the bill has
laid over to the present session. This gentle-
man has lost everything he had. He is an
old gentleman. I pay it is but just that we
should appropriate this much to pay him. I
a<-k the House to pass the bill so that it may
bosent to the Senate and become a law. It has
been delayed some four or five years already.
He has not trusted to claim agents. He said
t ho claim was so just that he would not ask any
cue but Congress to consider it. The Commit-
tee of Claims, therefore, havenotbeen troubled
by any claim agents on the subject. This money
is fairly due this man, and I move the bill be
reported to the House with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
move that the bill be laid aside ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move that the committee rise and report the
bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Nib-
LACKreported that the Committee of the Whole
House had, according to order, had the Pri-
vate Calendar under consideration, and par-
ticularly House bill No. 1607, for the relief of
Janes, Fowler, Kirtland& Co., and had directed
him to report the same back to the House with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james weeks, jr.
Sir. STILES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (EI. It. No 1668) for the relief of
James Weeks, jr., of Easton, Pennsylvania;
which was read a first and second time, and,
with the accompanying papers, referred to the
Committee of Claims.
speaker's table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to proceed to the consideration of the business-
upon the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
internal revendi2 inspectors.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in answer to resolution of the House of March
1, 1870, in relation to the salary of internal
revenue inspectors ; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
"VTYANDOTT INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a letter from the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs relative to the claim
of the Wyandott Indians; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
israel yount, op gettysburg.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a report from the Quartermaster
General of the Army in reference to the claim
of Israel Yount, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, for
rent, damages, and destruction of property at
that place; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
survey of public lands.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, inclosing a letter from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Offiec, asking an
appropriation of $60,000 for the survey of
public lands within the grants to the Pacific
Railroad Company in the Territories of Wy-
oming, Colorado, and Utah; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
"the shangiiae^tabl."
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in relation to the value at which
the "tael of Shanghae" is, by instructions of
the Department, now taken at the various cus-
tom-houses of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
military posts in texas.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting reports from the commanding
general of the State of Texas and the Quarter-
master General of the Army, setting forth the
propriety and economy of a provision being
made by law for the purchase by the United
States of the sites of permanent military posts
in that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
bonds for the sinking fund.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, in answer to a resolution of the
House of March 21,1870, desiring information
in relation to the purchase of bonds for the
sinking fund; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to bo
printed.
racine iiarbob.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a memorial of the Legislature of the State
of Wisconsin, praying that the city of Racine,
in said State, be reimbursed for moneys ex-
pended and liabilities incurred in the construc-
tion and improvement of its haibor ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
grant of land IS wisconsin
The next business on the Speaker s table
was a memorial of the Legislature of the State
of Wisconsin, in relation to a grant of land to
the Wisconsin Railroad, Farm Mortgage, and
Land Company; which was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
the fifteenth amendment.
The SPEAKER. The next executive com-
munication on the Speaker's table is the mes-
sage of the President of the United States, com-
municating the proclamation bytheSecretaryof
State of the ratification of the fifteenth amend-
ment. This was before the House on Thursday,
and the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters]
mov.ed that the message, with accompanying
documents, be printed, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, except so much
as relates to education, which he moved should
be referred to the Committee on Education
and Labor. That is the motion now pending.
The motion was agreed to; and it was so
ordered.
alexander j. atociia.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the Senate amendment to the bill (H. R.
No. 446) to amend an act entitled "An act for
the relief of Alexander J. Atocha," approved
14th February, 1865.
The Senate amendment was as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
as follows:
That Alexander J. Atocha shall be, and is hereby,
authorized in the prosecution of his claim, referred
to the Court of Claims by the act to which this is an
amendment,, to use such portions of the evidence
taken in pursuance of the rules and regulations of
the commission established under the fifteenth sec-
tion of the treaty of Guadaloupo Hidalgo, and laid
before the said commission, as consists of the evi-
dence of persons since deceased; and the Govern-
ment, in defending against said claim, shall have
like rights, and such evidence shall be received by
the court, so far as the subject-matter thereof is com-
petent testimony; and the court shall give it such
weight as in their judgment under all the circum-
stances it ought to have.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move that the House
concur«in the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was agreed
to ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tobias j. kindelberger.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was tlie Senate amendment to the bill (H. R.
No. 1491) for the relief of Tobias J. Kindel-
berger.
The Senate amendment was as follows :
Amend by adding at tho end of the bill the follow-
mprovided, thatif such extension shall be granted,
no porson shall be held liable in damages for infringe-
ment of said patent, or for the sale or use of said im-
provement, between the date of the expiration oi
the original patent and the date of such extension.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
movethatthe House concurin the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts moved
to reconsider the vote by which the amend-
ment was concurred in ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
papers of thomas jefferson.
%
The next business on theSpeaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 135) directing the
Librarian of Congress to return to the executor
of Thomas Jefferson certain private papers ;
which was read a first and second time.
Sir. PETERS. That resolution is from the
joint Committee on tho Library, and I hope it
will be passed.
The joint resolution was read. It author-
izes tho Librarian of Congress to return to the
executorofThomas Jefferson such ofthepapers
of said Jefferson now in the possession of the
Government as upon examination shall be
deemed of a private character, reserving such
as may be regarded as public in their charac-
ter, and to report to the Committee on the
Library.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What does
the gentleman propose to do with the resolu-
Ll°\Ir PETERS. It comes from the joint Com-
mittee on the Library, and I propose that it
be passed.
