1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1415
Mr. N EG LEV. How many of these lady
employes ar > the widows of soldiers or even
the sisters of soldiers '.'
' Mr. FAKNSWOlil'H. I canuot give the
rrveise number, tor I have not seen a list of
iiitiu; but 1 understand that many of them
gro.
Mr. NEGLEY. I believe that two thirds
of ihera are rebels. 1 believe, too, that the
majoritT of tliem are employed out of Wash-
ington." Appeal alter appeal has been made
to iins Department to employ the widows of
soluiers, l>ut such persons cannot obtain
appoinuuents.
JJr. FA UN'S WORTH. I object to thegen-
tieman niakiug a speech. I yielded for a ques-
tion. and 1 have answered the gentleman. I
undertake to say that he is laboring under a
very great error in saying that two thirds of
the ladies employed in the Treasury Depart-
ment are rebels or are employed out of Wash-
ington.
Mr. NEGLEY. I asked the gentleman for
information.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have not seen a
list of these female employes, and 1 do not
pretend to be able to give precise informa-
tion in regard to them. But I do know that
it is a disgrace to Congress to refuse to give to
women the same pay that you give to men,
when both perform the same clerical labor. 1
ask the geutleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Neglky] whether he does not think so, too?
Mr. X EGLE Y. I think that if it is the policy
of the Government to employ the widows of
soldiers, if the employment of these widows
and the proposition to give them increased pay
rest upon the ground the gentleman states, we
should employ such persons, and not others.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, if a woman
performs the same labor as a man, should she
not receive the same pay
Mr. NEGLEY. I am happy to have afforded
the gentleman the opportunity for such com-
plimentary remarks.
Mr. DICKEY. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] whether
these employes desire this increase of pay?
Is there not good reason to fear that if their ,
salaries be raised their places will be taken by
those who have the right to vote? Do they
desire by this increase to be put in competition ;
with the voting power of the country?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, Mr. Chairman, .
that is a subterfuge, which amounts to nothing.
We have heard too often already the argument ;
that if we increase the salaries of the female
clerks they will be brought into competition
with men and will be crowded out. Sir, there
is no force in the argument. You might as
well say that the clerks now in the Depart-
ments are to be crowded out by other appli-
cants because they are receiving so much pay.
Mr. DICKEY. I will ask the gentleman
whether he does not know that at the last ses-
sion of Congress the female employes of this
Government came down here and begged that >
they should not be brought into competition
with those who have the power to vote ? If :
we should allow female suffrage, then they
would have the means of protecting them- ;
selves; but in the mean time let us do for them i
the best that we can.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not aware of
any such fact as the gentleman states; but I
do know that this matter has-frequently been
brought to the attention of Congress by peti-
tions asking that female clerks performing the
higher class of clerical labor may be allowed
the game pay as men doing similar work. j
Let me mention one other fact. In the Post j
Office Department, where the dead-letter office
n now filled chiefly by lady clerks, men were
formerly employed to open and assort letters
to be returned to the writers. At that time
one hundred letters per day were regarded as
a very good day's work; and I believe that
*as the average. Since the employment of
females it has been found that they are more
diligent and faithful in the performance of their
work ; and they now open and assort on the
average two huudred letters daily, performing
twice the amount of labor the men did, yet re-
ceiving only $700.
Mr. DAWES. Now, Mr. Chairman, I want
to say to the House that the proposition now
made will hardly result to the good of these
female employes which the gentlemen seem
to anticipate. These female employes have
a field for their services in the Departments ;
they have an employment there at the liberal
compensation of $1)00 a year, which is far
better than they can get in any other employ-
ment in any other place. And why? Because
they can be found to do the work at that rate ?
It is because there is profit to the Govern-
ment in employing females to do this work,
and that is the reason they have got these posi-
tions ; and that, sir, is the tenure by which
they hold these positions. The moment you
put it upon any other ground and pay them
precisely what you pay the male clerks, then
there will be no further inducement to substitute
females for males in any of the Departments.
Why, sir, there may be all sorts of induce-
ments which would tend to crowd these females
out of the Departments just so soon as they
were put upon an equality in regard to pay
with the male clerks. The ground on which a
female clerk holds her place in the Depart-
ments, and it is the only ground, is because
she can do the work as well for which we pay
a male a inuch higher price. The Government
cannot resist that, the Government is com-
pelled to give way to that argument, and it is
just in that way these female clerks have se-
cured the positions which they now hold. If
you say that when you employ a female you
shall give her precisely the samepayasamale
then there is no longer any such inducement to
the Government, and these positions will be
open to all the political influences brought to
bear npon members in reference to their con-
ventions at home and in other respects, so as
to secure these places for their male friends,
and the result will be that these females will
be entirely crowded out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I should liketoask
the gentleman whether we cannot get males
for a less salary than is paid to the males who
are now employed in the Departments?
Mr. DAWES. If you fill all these clerkships
according to the principle which the gentle-
man advocates, then you must pay them all,
whether male or female, at the same rate.
Now, if there is any one who should not want
the females put upon the same status with the
males, but that the former should receive a less
salary than the latter for the reason I have
stated, it is these very female clerks. I admit
the soundness of the abstract principle of jus-
tice in reference to these female clerks, but
that is not strong enough to keep them in if
they should be placed upon the same footing ;
for, as I have already said, the great question
which underlies the employment of these
female clerks is in fact that the same services
can be procured cheaper for the Government
by the employment of female clerks than by
the employment of male clerks. I submit
there is no answer to the position which I take,
that when the male and female clerks are put
upon the same footing, the whole number of
female clerks will be turned out to make way
for those who have done the dirty work in
political conventions through the influence of
those whom they served to bring here. Intel-
ligent females, both in and out of the Depart-
ments, look practically at this matter just as
I do.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following proviso :
And provided furth.fr. That the widows of soldiers
who served in the United States Army shall be cm-
ployed in all of the Departments in preference to all
other women.
Mr. Chairman, I think that amendment
speaks for itself. If these gentlemen are going
to insist upon the compensation of these females
who hold these places as has been proposed,
and if it is at all true, as suggested by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is sorry to
interrupt the gentleman ; but his amendment
is clearly out of order, as it proposes independ-
ent legislation.
Mr. KELSEY. I did not suppose the Chair
would make that point on me; butthat.it would
bo done by some of the advocates of the pend-
ing proviso.
Mr. DAWES. I hope we shall now come to
a vote.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to strike out the
last word. It is not my purpose, Mr. Chair-
man, to offer these amendments merely for the
purpose of talking; but I hold that there is a
principle involved in this question which might
just as well be settled now as at somn future
time; for if I live to be a month older I in-
tend to introduce a bill into this House abol-
ishing this whole business of female clerks in
the Departments. I shall do this in order to
have the matter definitely decided one way or
the other. It is, in my judgment, degrading
to the people of this country that we should
have congregated here year after year, around
this Hall and in our lobbies, a parcel of women,
hired, it is pretended, for the purposes of the
Government, but in many instances, I believe,
for other purposes altogether.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As the gentleman
is not sure of living for thirty days he had bet-
ter introduce his bill to-morrow.
Mr. ROGERS. I do not have it ready yet.
Now, sir, this thing to my mind is all wrong.
It grew up, as I am told, during the war, when
we needed men in the field, and it was neces-
sary at the same time to have some parties here
in the public offices. This system of female
clerks was then introduced. It served the pur-
pose well for a time, but we are now on a peace
footing, and I insist that all these irregularities
which grew up during the war shall be cut off,
and that we shall return to the principles of
government which were introduced by our
fathers, and practiced by them.
I have too nigh a regard for the female char-
acter to be pleased at the sight of these ladies
runniug about the streets and lobbying with
members to get their salaries raised every ses-
sion of Congress. They were here last spring,
they are here now, and they will be here again,
sir, next session. Their influence is felt every-
where, and if this sort of thing goes on I am
afraid the upshot of it will be that gentlemen,
in their kindness to these ladies, will finally
place the whole administration of the Govern-
ment under female management.
I desire, sir, that women shall take the place
which the God of heaven gave them, that they
shall be the helpmeets for man, that they shall
discharge the duties which nature assigns to
them, and that they shall not come here acting
in the way I have indicated. I am astonished
that year after year, session after session, Con-
gress should allow this pressure to be exer-
cised upon it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. I do not rise for the purpose
of discussing the question of women's rights,
or the question what they should be paid when
they give the same service which is rendered
by men. But I desire to call the attention of
the committee to this fact, that in the bill
before the House, the Committee on Appro-
priations have followed, word for word, the
law organizing this Department, approved July
13, 1866, section sixty-four of which provides
just as we have provided here for thirty-four
clerks of the fourth class, forty-five clerks of
the third-class, fifty clerks of the second class,
thirty-seven clerks of the first class, and fifty-
five female clerks. That Department having
been so organized, and this number of male
clerks having been provided, a certain number
of class four, a certain number of class three,
