1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
List of States of which special official notice has been
n'lic"?'I " 'K Dfpvrl'neif of State up to December
... leb.l. that, their Legislature* have ratified the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States recently
proposed by Congress as article fifteen, with the re-
spective dates of ratification:
Missouri March 1,1860. ^Dofoctivo.
Kansas. February 27.1869. tDcfective.
Wrat Virgima March 3,1809.
:Nort,h Carolina March 5,18G9.
Jtnssachusotts March 9 and 12,1869.
Vv lsconsm March 9,1869.
Maine March 12,1S69.
Louisiana March 5,1S69.
Michigan March 8,1809.
South Carolina March 16,1809.
-Pennsylvania March 26,1869.
Arkansas March 3D. 1809.
Connecticut May 19,1869.
Florida June 15. )869.
Illinois March 5,1869.
Indiana May 13 and 14,1869,
New York March 17. April 11,1869.
Now Hampshire July'7,1869.
Nevada March 1,1869.
Vermont Octobcr 21,1X69.
Virginia Octobcr 8, 1869.
'• In the ratification of Missouri the second section
of the amendment is omitted.
t In the ratification of Kansas tho phraseology of
the second section is changed.
The message, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
RKMOVAI, OP DIS ANILITIES.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. '283, to remove the political
disabilities of certain persons therein named;
which was taken up and read a lirstaud second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read the third time.
The bill provides that, two thirds of each
House concurring, the legal and political disa-
bilities imposed by the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution of tho United States by
reason of participation in tho rebellion shall
be removed from Philemore B. Hawkins, of
Franklin county, North Carolina; C. 11. Mob-
ley, of Tampa, Florida; and D. II. McCall, of
Alabama.
Mr. BUTLEIl, of Massachusetts. I wish to
say to the House simply this: here are three
gentlemen whose disabilities are merely tech-
nical, and who are now representatives of State.
Legislatures or officers of States and cannot
take the oath and enter upon the discharge of
the duties of their offices until their disabilities
are removed. This was reported to the Senate
not as the part of a general plan, but on account
of special circumstances. J therefore call the
previous question.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Will the gen-
tleman withdraw that call for a few moments?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Iliad hoped
that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Buti.kr] would have redeemed a promise he
made at tho last Congress to bring in some
general bill removing all these disabilities, i
had hoped that we should hear no more of
this peddling of the amnesty of the Govern-
ment of its generosity in detail, by these one,
two, three, or four exhibits of pardoning
power; but that we should have some bill of
general amnesty worthy of the charity and
generosity of this great Government; that the
statute-book would no longer bo incumbered
with these pardons in detail, but that tho bill
which the honorable gentleman promised us
during the last session or the last Congress
would ere this have been presented, to the
gratification of the House, and, X trust, the grati-
fication of the whole country, without distinc-
tion of party.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I aai
happy to inform the gentleman from New
York that a bill providing for the removal ot
the disabilities of those who have offended
against the Government by rebellion_ is now
before the Committee on Reconstruction, and
as soon as other and more pressing matters
shall have been attended to by that committee
such a bill will, I doubt not, be reported; at
least I know the subject will be considered.
But the present hill is only put forward pend-
ing the necessary delay in the consideration
of such a bill as the gentleman desires. There
can be no objection to the cases embraced in
this bill, which is brought forward to meet a
present exigency of want of time to wait for
action on a general bill.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts yield to me?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. COS. Mr. Speaker, I objected to the
passage of this bill the other day when the
gentleman from Massachusetts introduced it;
and in making that objection I had in my
mind substantially tho same reasons which
have been expressed by my colleague, [Mr.
Brooks.] It looks like small business to be
peddling out the amnesty of the Government
in this sort of way. It is recognized, I believe,
by all parties—it has always been recognized
by all fair Governments, and in almost all
ages—that when civil wars are over general
amnesties should be grauted. Yet now, five
years after the parole of the soldiers who fought
against the Government, we still have these
personal amnesties.
1 give notice to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts that hereafter whenever these bills
are presented, naming particular persons about
whom there may be great question in both
Houses, I shall mterpose my objection. But
I do not propose to object on this occasion
because of tho reason given as I understand
by tho gentleman, that the men named in this
bill havo been appointed to certain Federal
ollices, and that this amnesty is necessary in
order that tlicy may fulfill their functions. I
believe that is the fact with regard to these men.
Mr. BUTLEIl, of Massachusetts. I cannot,
Mr. Speaker, agree with the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] that this is small busi-
ness. "There is more joy in heaven over one
sinner that repenteth than over ninety-nine just
men that need no repentance." [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. 1 understand that these sinners
belong to the Republican party. If they were
Democratic sinners they would not be compre-
hended in this amnesty. We on this side, how-
ever, forgive them freely, it' gentlemen on the
other side forgive l.heni. But I make this point
upon the gentleman: that generally speaking
these individual amnesties are granted as the
consideration lor treaeheryand personal parti-
sanship : they are granted for tho purpose of
adding recruits to the Republican party, and
not out of that abundant grace of which the
gentleman from Massachusetts is himself so
beautiful an exemplar, [Laughter.]
Mr. M A YN AllI). I ask the gentleman from
New York whether it is not a proper motive to
bring recruits from tho rebel ranks into the
ranks of loyally and support of the Govern-
ment?
Mr. COX. So far as I am concerned I would
give amnesty to all, Louis Napoleon the other
(lay, six weeks after the riot in Paris, when men
were seeking his life, gave an amnesty extend-
ing over Ihe whole realm ; and he made him-
self strong by it. We could make our Govern-
ment strong in the same way. That I believe
is the sentiment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. 1 want that sentiment crystalized
into action.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I merely
desire to say in reply that I do not think a great
republic need take a lesson from an empire as
to how it should make itself strong. I now
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read tho third time, and
passed—two thirds, under the Constitution,
having voted in favor thereof.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ninth census.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
House now resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of House bill No. 424, to pro-
vide for taking the ninth census of the United
States, and to fix the number of the members
of the House of Representatives and to provide
for their future apportionment among the sev-
eral States.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
rose on Saturday last we had progressed as far
in the hill as the eighteenth section, which will
now be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted. That tho ninth
ccnsus shall bo taken as of the 1st day of June, 18/0.
The actual enumeration shall begin m each and
every enumeration district on that day, and shall bo
completed, and answers to all the statistical inquiries
shall be obtained by the enumerators, as provided
by law, on or before tho ls>t day of July, 18«0.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to add the fol-
lowing:
But if the same, through accidcnt or other cause,
shall not havo been completed in any district by tho
day last named, the Secretary of tho Interior may
extend tho time for completion in such district until
tho 15th day of the same month.
Mr. Chairman, that is proper, in order to
avoid accidents.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that it will, for
there ought to be a remedial power somewhere.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes thirty-eight, noes not counted.
" So the amendment was disagreed to.
No further amendment being offered, tiie
Clerk read the nineteenth section, as follows:
Sec, 19. And be it further enacted. That in all cities
and incorporated towns or villages tho enumeration
shall be so made and tho returns so compiled as to
oxhibit separately all tho statistical information
obtained within the limits of each of said corpora-
tions.
Mr. CULLOM. I move to insert tho word
"counties," in the first line, after the word
"all."
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read section twenty, as follows:
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted. That if in any
Territory, or places where the population is sparse,
the officers of tho Army, or any person thereunto
belonging, can bo usefully employed in taking tho
census, tho Secretary of War is hereby directed to
afford such aid as may bo given without prejudice to
tho publio service.
No amendment being offered, tho Clerk read
section twenty-one, as follows:
Sec. 21. And he it further enacted. That any agent
of tho United States residing upon any Indian reser-
vation shall, when required by tho Secretary of tho
Interior, make or canso to be made an enumeration
of tho Indians residing upon said reservation, in
such manner as the said Secretary may direct.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I move to strike
out all of that section after the enacting clause,
and in lieu thereof to insert the following :
It shall bo tho duty of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to require all Indian agents or sub-Indian
agents having authority over any Indian reservation
to make or causc to be made an enumeration of all
Indians and other persons residing upon such reser-
vations in such manner as m the judgment of tho
Secretary shall best accomplish the purpose of this
act.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to call the attention of
the committee, and especially of the gentle-
man having charge of this bill, to one or two
reasons why I think this substitute should be
agreed to. If it be adopted I shall seek an
opportunity in the House to renew the amend-
ment I moved last week.
Mr. Chairman, it will be observed that the
amendment I offer makes it the duty of the
Secretary of the Interior to require all Indian
agents or sub-Indian agents in authority of any
Indian reservation to make an enumeration of
all Indians and other persons residing on it.
