402
APPENDIX TO THE CON&RESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 26,
Ho. of Reps.
Northern Pacific Hailroad—Mr. Tyner.
41st Coxa....2d Sess.
ation? Who are it3 managers? By -whom
is this princely gift to be received? I know
not, Mr. Speaker; neither can you tell, for
when the opponents of the bill iti their sim-
plicity a few days since offered a resolution in
this Souse to ascertain who was to be the
owner of this princely grant, we were met by
its friends with the answer that it was prying
into private affairs that ought not to be per-
mitted, and the resolution was defeated by
men on this floor' who will vote for this bill.
Why is this so? If the Government makes a
gift has she not a right to know to whom she
gives it? And the mere fact of this refusal on
the part of the friends of this bill, if there was
no other reason, is certainly sufficient to induce
those who are desirous of holding the lands of
(he nation as free homos for her citizens to
pause and reflect long before they consent to
make the additional grant asked for in this
bill.
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, while I am willing
the company shall retain all the grant they now
have by law, not desiring by a mere legal tech-
nicality to deprive it of any right3 it now has
from (lie Government, I never can consent to
add to the same, as asked for in this bill,
believing, as 1 do, it is already full large enough
in all conscience; and believing further, as 1
do, that whenever the company becomes fully
convinced that Congress will not increase the
grant, it will at once proceed in good faith to
build the road. But so long as it can come
here and ask, and get its wants answered, so
long willthe road remain a myllu
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, in the interest of
the laboring man of the country, who desires
lands on which to settle in the far West, and
to establish his home and roof-tree, I shall
vote first in favor of all the amendments offered
to the bill, and finally shall feel myself con-
strained to vote against, the bill itself, what-
ever may bo its shape, believing, as 1 have said,
the former grant is abundantly sufficient sub-
sidy to secure the building of the road.
Northern Pacific Railroad.
SPEECH OF HON. J. N. TYNEIl,
of indiana,
In tub House op Rkwiessntativkh,
May 2(5, 1870,
On tho joint resolution (S. R. No. 1211 ntitliovi/.ing
tho Northern Pacific Railroad Company to issue its
bonds for (Ho construction of its road, and to sccurc
the same by mortgage, ;t.:m for otlior purposes.
Mr. TYNER. This most, extraordinary meas-
ure cannot be satisfactorily discussed in the
short time tbe majority in the House will con-
sent. to devote to its consideration. Its oppo-
nents are anxious to closely criticise its several
provisions; its advocates desire a speedy vote.
J am justified in this statement by tho fact that
when the joint resolution was taken from the
Speaker's table several days ago the chairman
of theCommittee on the Pacific Railroad [Mr.
Wheeler] called the previous question,which
was ordered, without asking its reference to the
committee, and limited tho debate to one hour,
the' most of which time was occupied by the
friends of the measure. Knowing that its pan-
sage is a mere question of time, and that a
repetition of their tactics now would again invito
n resort to dilatory proceedings on tho part of
5ts enemies, tho friends of the resolution con-
Kent to a limited discussion before the vote
shall be taken. Every gentleman, therefore,
who would be glad to fully discuss it in detail,
and thoroughly review the history of the cor-
poration in whose interest it is to pass, must
content himself with a brief statement of the
reasons that will influence his vote, and permit
the statement to stand as a substitute for a more
extended argument.
Six: years ago the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company came to Congress asking for a char-
ter to construct a railroad from Lake Superior
to Paget sound. It was promptly granted.
They asked for a grant of every alternate sec-
tion of land belonging_ to the Government, not
mineral, and to be designated by odd numbers,
to the extend of twenty miles on each side
of the road in the Territories, and half that
number in the States through which the road
should run. That also was favorably responded
to. Thus, a belt eighty miles in width and about
two thousand and twenty-five miles in length was
set apart within which the company were to
become the owners of one half the lands then
unsold and unoccupied, on the performance of
certain conditions to which I will soou refer.
Very naturally the question arises, what amount
of the public lands was thus given away? Let
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
answer the inquiry. In a letter dated June
22, 1865, referring to the road and its land
grant, he says:
"It extends from Lalcc Superior to tho Pacific
ocoan, and allowing for probable deflections, may
be sot down at two thousand and twonty-fivo miles
in length, taking, in alternate sections, 47,368,000
acres."
Over forty-seven million acres! The mind
fails to comprehend the extent of this grant.
I)o gentlemen realize how much of the public
domain was by their predecessors assigned to
this corporation? Let them consult their
geography and there learn that Indiana em-
braces an area of only 21,637,700 acres, and
tho great State of New York only 30,080,000
acres. A territory out of which two Stales
larger than the former, and one half greater
than the latter, could be formed was by a sin-
gle enactment transferred to this greedy cor-
poration.
They are knocking at your doors to-day for
more land ; they are thronging your lobbies
with their silver-tongued agents; they are be-
sieging you for an extension of power and an
enlargement of their franchise. When they
first came they agreed, in consideration of
the subsidies granted, to commence work in
two years and complete fifty miles of road
each year after the second. The two years
elapsed, and they failed to perform their agree-
ments.^ Then they returned and asked an
extension of time. That was granted. Two
years afterward they asked another. That
was also granted. One year afterward they
asked the right to mortgage their railroad and
telegraph line as security for thp bonds they
proposed to issue in order to raise- tho money
with which to construct the road. Overflow-
ing with liberality and yearning with compas-
sion toward this impudent corporation your
predecessors, in the closing days of the last
Congress, extended this additional favor.
" Ask and yon shall receive," says a venerated
authority. Certainly tho American Congress
and the Northern Pacific Railroad Company
were in the mind of the inspired author when
the comforting promise was given.
Why do they come again? Are they not
yet satisfied? No; the public domain is not
entirely exhausted, and Congress is not yet
forbidden to give it away. They want author-
ity now to mortgage all their property and
rights of property of all kinds, real and per-
sonal, and their franchise as a corporation.
That was expressly forbidden by the terms of
their charter, bnt what care we for this ? Con-
gress has the power to undo the work of its
predecessors, anda railroad company demands
thai it shall be done. It will be done ; and that,
too, in the face of the fears expressed in the
other end of the Capitol as well as in this
Hall by gentlemen whose legal opinions are
entitled to respect" that the passage of this
resolution will permit the company to mort-
gage all its lands, those heretofore and those
now proposed to be granted, without building a
foot of the road.
I know that the chairman of the committee
[Mr. Wheeler] treats these fears as imagin-
ary. He may be right as to the original grant,
for it was coupled with the condition that so
many miles of road should be completed tin;
second and each subsequent year before pat
ents should issue. But this resolution permits
the company to go ten miles beyond the limits
originally fixed for alternate sections to make
up a deficiency in the first grant occasioned hy
the subsequent sale or occupation under the
homestead laws of lands then set apart to them.
This resolution Contains no provision limiting
the transfer of title or the lien to be created by
the proposed mortgage.
It is true that the company is herein again
empowered "to locate and construct, under
the provisions and with the privileges and
duti'es provided for in its act of incorporation
and amendments thereto," its main line and
branch; but no such language subjecting the
proposed new grant of lands to the provisions
of the charter can be found in the resolution.
Nor can any separate provision be found re-
quiring the completion of any number of miles
of road, nor the performance of any other
condition, before the lands granted by the pend-
ing resolution shall vest in the company or he
subject to its mortgage. The number of addi-
tional acres therein granted may be compara-
tively small, or they may be great, as I shall
show when I refer to another branch of the
subject,; but great or small,I claim that they
are not exempt from the operation of the pro-
posed mortgage asingle moment after the pas-
sage of the resolution.
If it were the intention of the committee to
render the jpower extended to the company hy
the resolution unambiguous, why did they not
report back the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoll,] which pro-
vides—
That no mortgage hereafter executed by this cor-
poration shall bo valid or create any Hen on land*
hereby or heretofore granted to said corporation, ex-
cept as to such lands as said corporation shall have
received patents for from tho United States'!
This is short and simple, and would malic
plain what is otherwise uncertain. No pre-
tense that the adoption of the amendment
would open up debate in the Senate on a motion
to concur, and thereby endanger the passage
of the measure at this session, will satisfactorily
explain tho refusal to accept it.
The opinion was expressed iti that body that
the phrase of the resolution providing for a
mortgage was obscure; in which opinion the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoll,]
whose amendment I have quoted, and other
gentlemen who have proposed similar amend-
ments to the House, seem to concur. It is
easy to pul these doubts to rest, and the re-
fusal to do so is at least significant and suspi-
cious. But, assuming that an intelligent legal
construction would -not discover any danger
lurking in the language of the resolution, still
you empower this company to go into tho
money markets of the world to negotiate bonds
authorized by a species of legislation well cal-
culated to deceive. I submit that it is not,
wise to leave a doubt unsettled, nor jnst to the
purchasers of the bonds of this company to
expose so important a question to future con-
struction.
In this connection it is well to inquire by
what pretense of equity this company asks the
privilege of going beyond the limits originally
fixed to secure more lands. Is it a part of the
contract? By no means. By its terms they
were to have alternate sections within a certain
distance on both sides of the road, and if the
proper quantity could not there be found unsold
and unoccupied, then they were authorized to
go "not more than ten miles beyond the limits
