2360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I should like
some history of these papers before we pass
the resolution.
Mr. PETERS. I will explain the matter
very briefly. Some years since Congress pur-
chased of the executor of Thomas Jefferson
his public papers. They were delivered into
the custody of the then Secretary of State,
Mr. Buchanan. He was unwilling to spend
the time and use the discrimination necessary
to decide between what was public and what
was private, inasmuch as there had been gome
controversy between the Government and the
estate of James Madison, growing out of the
purchase of the Madison papers. There have
been eight or nine volumes of the public papers
printed, and the rest of them have been boxed
away and are stored somewhere in this build-
ing. They consist mostly of receipts and mat-
ters of a very private character, the possession
of which the executor, Mr. Randolph Jeffer-
son, is now very anxious to get. The com-
mittee were very particular in drafting the
resolution. We are to retain all the papers
that may be considered by the faithful Libra-
rian of Congress, upou examination, public or
quasi public, or doubtful in their character,
giving the executor those only of a strictly
private nature.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ^PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
Tin; latter motion was agreed to. «
bridge between camden and i'lii r.adeli'hia .
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 302) giving the consent, of
the United States to the erection of a bridge
across the Delaware river between Philadelphia
and Camden ; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire that that bill
shall be put upon its passage.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think it had better be
teli'n'ed to a committee.
Mr. O'NEILL. The bill has already been
considered by u committee.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not yield to any
one. I ask that the bill bo road.
The bill was read. It gives the consent of
the United States lo James Pollock, Morton
McMichael, and others, first having obtained
an act of incorporation by either the State of
Pennsylvania or the Statu of New Jersey, to
erect a bridge, with diverging road-ways and
double draws, over and across the Delaware
river, between tlio cities of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, and Camden, New Jersey, at any time
within six years after the passage of this act;
provided that the bridge shall be so constructed
as not to obstruct, impair, or injuriously mod-
ify the navigation of the river. In order to
secure compliance with these conditions the
company, previous to the commencement of
the construction of the bridge, are lo submit
to the Secretary of War a plan of the bridge,
with a detailed map of the river at the proposed
site of the bridge, for his approval.
Mr. INGERSOLL. if it is thought desir-
able, I will say a lew words with reference to
this bill. The Committee on Railways and
Canals have examined a bill identical with this,
introduced into the House at this session of
Congress, and they havo unanimously agreed
lo report it favorably to the House. I there-
lore desire that this bill shall be passed with-
out a r< fcrenco to the committee. It would
do no good to refer it. The work i3 demanded
and tho passage of the bill i'i necessary that
the work may proceed. It is proposed that it
shall be ii suspension bridge spanmngthc Del-
aware river, a distance of nearly thiee quar-
ters ot a mile, from the Pennsylvania shore to
the Now Jerss-y shore; that it shall be sixty-
five feet above the surface of the water at its
lowest point and one hundred and thirty feet
at its highest point. In addition to that it is to
be provided with a draw, so as to admit the
passage of ship3 of the largest class without let
or' hinderanee to the free navigation of that
river.
Mr. WELKER. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Certainly.
_ Mr. WELKER. Is there anything in this
bill regulating the^ amount of toll which those
parties are authorized to receive from passen-
gers over this bridge ? And I will also inquire
whether these gentlemen have ever been incor-
porated^ the Legislature of Pennsylvania or
tho Legislature of New Jersey?
Mr. INGERSOLL. In answer to the gen-
tleman I will say that both States, Pennsylva-
nia and New Jersey, have, through their Legis-
latures, incorporated a company and given their
assent to tho erection of this structure.
Mr. ALLISON. What is the name of this
company ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. The corporators are
named in the bill.
Mr. ALLISON. I propose that instead of
giving this privilege to some twenty-five or
thirty persons named in the bill, to give it to
some corporation that will undertake to build
this bridge.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Lot me say to tho gen-
tleman that this bill now before us proposes
that this bridge shall be built by companies
incorporated for the purpose by the States of
Pennsylvania and Now Jersey.
Mr. ALLISON. Why not give the name
of the corporations or companies in the bill ?
Mr. O'NEILL. The passage of such bills
as this bv Congress is no unusual thing. It is
proposed to pass this bill in the same shape as
the bills which have been passed for this pur-
pose by the Legislatures of New Jersey and
Pennsylvania, naming in this bill the corpora-
tors named in the bills passed by the Legisla-
tures of those States. I think if gentlemen
will refer to the past legislation of Congress
they will find many bills of this kind which
have been passed, giving tho assent of Congress
to the action of State Legislatures. The only
way the provisions of these State acts can be
carried out. the only way in which a bridge can
ever be built over the Delaware river, is to
give such assent of Congress as is asked for by
this bill.
Mr._ WELKER. For tho benefit of Phila-
delphia V
Mr. O'NEILL. No, sir. I do not ask the
passage of this bill for the benefit of Philadel-
phia only, but for the benefit of the State of
New Jersey and the State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. INGERSOLL. In answer to the first
question ifsked me by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Wklker] I will say that the Legis-
latures of Pennsylvania and New Jersey regu-
late the traffic over this bridge. It is not pro-
posed that Congress shall regulate that matter.
We propose here to give the assent of Con-
gress to the building of this structure over
a navigable stream, over which Congress pos-
sesses exclusive jurisdiction.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to inquire how
the Committee on Railways and Canals ob-
tained jurisdiction over this matter.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will say to the gen-
tleman that (hat committee have not jurisdic-
tion of it; no committee has jurisdiction of this
bill, for it has been referred to no committee,
but the House retains its jurisdiction of it.
But the Committee on Railways and Canals
having had a similar bill referred to it by the
House, I have asked that this bill be now put
on its passage. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read tho third time,
and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid-
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EZRA CAKTBB, JR.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 420, to authorize the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to adjust the
accounts of Ezra Carter, jr., late collector of
customs at Portland, Maine; which was taken
from the table and read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Department
to settle and adjust upon equitable principles
tho accounts of Ezra Carter, jr., late collector
of customs at Portland, Maine, the vouchers
having been destroyed by fire, and allow such
credits as shall.seem just and reasonable from
the best evidence the nature of the case will
admit, the sum soallowednotto exceed $875 90,
by reason of the loss and destruction of his
vouchers. ;
Mr. PETERS. I ask that this fyill he now
put upon its passage, and I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. PE I'ERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
adjournment, etc.
Mr. COX. I move that the House adjourn.
Legislation is going on rather too rapidly.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move that when the House
adjourns it be to meet on Monday next.
On the motion there were—ayes 60, noes 62.
Mr. COX. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion of Mr. Cox was not agreed to.
brazos collection district.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 448) to change tho bound-
aries of the collection district of Brazos de
Santiago, in the State of Texas; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I ask that
this bill bo put on its passage.
The bill was read. It provides that the
counties of Starr, Zapata, and Webb, now
forming a part of the collection district of
Corpus Christi, in the State of Texas, shall be
detached therefrom and annexed to the collec-
tion district of Brazos de Santiago and form a
part of the latter district.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I hope that
this bill will be passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Will the gen-
tleman hear me for a moment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr._ SHELDON, of Louisiana. This bill has
been informally considered by the Committee
oil Commerce, and I have been authorized by
that committee to ask the House to pass it.
As will be seen by a reference to the map, the
counties named in the bill lie more convenient
to_ Brownsville, the seat of the collection dis-
trict ol Brazos de Santiago, than they are to
the seat of the Corpus Christi district, to which
they now belong. The bill has been submitted
to the Secretary of the Treasury, and he ap-
proves it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now, will
the gentleman hear me for a moment? I have
received a letter from tho Governor of Texas
saying that he thinks the passage of the bill
would be detrimental to the interest of the
United States, and asking that it may be de-
