5192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
that wa's founded upon secession and rebellion
and opposition to the Government. There-
fore, the language of this statute, taken in
connection with the known state of tilings at
that time, and in eonneetion with the present
condition of affairs in Kentucky, shows con-
clusively, as the committee show in their re-
port, that it was a party that was aimed at by
the statute, and not individuals; .that men
who had had something to do with the rebel-
lion, who had favored secession, but who were
members of the other political parties, who
had become Democrats, or who had become
Republicans, were not within the exclusion
proposed by this statute. I say, therefore,
that in ray judgment the construction which
the Committee of Elections have put upon this
statute is a sound, legal, and the only correct
construction that can bo put upon it.
Now, a word as to de facto officers. My
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] is
pleased to claim that there can he no such
thing as a de facto election officer. What is
the law about a de/aefo officer? What is a de
facto officer? It is a man who has got into an
office by the form of an election or ail appoint-
ment, but about whom there is some irregular-
ity. What is the law about de facto officers ?
litis acts as to third persons are perfectly valid
and legal. But-when he undertakes himself
to justify his own acts, then he is required to
show that he was an officer dejure. My learned
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] says
there can be no such principle about an elec-
tion ; that we are all parties in this proceeding ;
that the House is not a third party; that the
contestant and the sitting member are not
third parties; and that this is not a proceeding
where this principle would apply. Now, sir,
over and over again, all through these volumes
of election cases, this principle of de facto
officers is recognized.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Sco-
i-'iioi.n.) The time of the gentleman has ex-
Mr. MeCRARY. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] for ten
minutes.
// Mr. HOAR. I desire to say a word or two
'1 upon a legal question involved in this debate,
which, it seems to me, is one of the most im-
portant qucstionsthat can arise underourCon-
stitution and laws. The question which has
been debated is this: are the acts void of an
officer of election constitutionally and legally
disqualified to act as such officer of election?
Sir, the true question is behind that; the true
question is this: suppose the acts of such an
officer are held to be void, is the act of the
people also void in choosing a Representative
by a constitutional majority? That is the point
which is before the House for discussion.
Let it be remembered that the same principle
which we establish here would be applied to
the choice of presidential electors where the
disqualification of a particular judge of elec-
tion might throw out the vote of a city and
change the result of the election in a State or
in the nation. Now, is this House prepared
to say that when the people of any district in
ibis country have deposited their votes in due
form of law, before a person whom they believed
to be constitutionally and legally entitled to
receive and count their votes—is the House
prepared to say thatthose votes are to be thrown
out because, without the knowledge of the peo-
ple, that officer of election had omitted to take
ibe required oath, or did not possess the neces-
sary legal and constitutional qualifications?
Why, sir, it seems to me that a doctrine which
would claim that in such a case an election
would be void is a most monstrous doctrine.
In the election of Representatives of the
American people there are but two things
which are primarily essential; one is the de-
positing of the votes of the people, and the
other is the judgment of this House, under its
constitutional power, determining the qualifi-
cations, election, and return of its members.
My colleague [Mr. Banks] asks if we are to
be bound by th'e acts of these unconstitutional
and perhaps rebel officials? Not at, all. This
House will go behind the aets of these officials.
This House can, if need be, call before its bar
witnesses as to the character of every vote cast
in every precinct in that entire district. But
when the people have cast their votes at the
places assigned, and when the evidence is
brought before this House as to who was elected
by a majority of those votes to represent the
people, the whole essence of a constitutional
election has been accomplished. Everything
else is incidental and declaratory. This is the
true test which is sought for by my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Lawbexce,] to distinguish
what is mandatory and peremptory from what
is merely directory. That is directory which
does not pertain to the essence of the act to be
accomplished. That is directory which per-
tains to the incidents and the safeguards.
Now, the judges of election are merely per-
sons who, acting in the first instance, are to
report what is the declared will of the people
as expressed in the act which is performed in
the presence of the election officers. When
the result is reported, this House can go be-
hind the report of those men, and in its own
way ascertain and act upon the truth. But
the report itself, who shall make it, how it
shall be certified, what qualifications shall be
exacted of the men who are to certify il, and
all similar matters, do not belong to the es-
sence of the election. The essence of the
election is the qualification of the candidate,
the vote of the people declared by the final
constitutional judgment of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
^ Mr. LAWRENCE. Then, according to the
gentleman's theory, there can be no disquali-
fied election officpr.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I do not,
Mr. Speaker, intend at this late stage to enter
into a discussion of any of the principles of
law involved in this question. They have been
fully and clearly set forth in the report of my
colleague, [Mr. McCu.uiy.] They have also
been fully stated on this floor by both my
colleagues and by other gentlemen. Hence I
desire merely to advert to a few matters of
fact arising in this discussion.
la the first place 1 wish to say a word in
reply to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Mainauu,] who, it seems to me, has rather
wandered from the legitimate path of discus-
sion to give a stab at this sub-committee by
sending to the Clerk's desk a proposition that
the case shall be referred to the whole Com-
mittee of Elections ; and he supports this prop-
osition by an intimation that the whole com-
mittee, examininginto all the factsof the case—
the question of Kuklux and intimidation ; the
question whether the election officers were
equally divided between the two political par-
ties ; the question whether some of those officers
had not served in the rebel army, and various
other questions—would decide the case differ-
ently from the sub-committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman will per-
mit me to say that I did not intend any such
thing as a l-stab" at the sub-committee. I
understood the gentleman's colleague [Mr.
McCuaiiy] to say that, in his opinion, if the
position tor which he contended were not estab-
lished the result would be the other way.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. What my
colleague said, referring to the votes of the
railroad laborers, was that he had given the
contestant here the benefit of every vote about
which there was any definite proof, and if we
had looked into that matter more fully the
number would have been very much reduced.
This is all that was said by my colleague which
could give rise to the remark of the gentleman
from Tennessee.
But I will say that we have investigated this
matter fully. We have investigated the ques-
tion of Kuklax and fraud and intimidation.
Wherever in any election contest brought here
there has been proof that organizations such
as the Kuklux or the Knights of the White
Camelia have worked upon the feelings of
any particular class in the community, I have
always voted with the committee and against
a great many good Republicans on this sido
of the House. But, Mr. Speaker, we have ex-
amined these allegations of intimidation and
fraud, and we find that they are the merest
bosh. We find that in one precinct—the pre-
cinct of Gaines, Pulaski county—a notice was
stuck up that if a certain man named Logan
and four or five others did not leave within a
given number of days they would be murdered,
that it was the intention to clean out men of
that stripe. Logan was one of the most radi-
cal Republican voters of that district. AVhat
did lie do? He did what any radical man in
Kentucky or anywhere else would do. He
said, "We will try titles with you on that;"
and in the morning he marched off to the polls,
with musket on shoulder and pistol in belt,
and said, " Let us see whether I shall put my
vole in or not." There was a larger Repub-
lican vote in that precinct than ever before.
Grant received 101 and Seymour 98 votes. So
much for the result of that poll.
Now, Mr. Speaker, so far from there being
any fraud or intimidation,we find here that the
vote for General Grant was 10,532, while Sey-
mour's vote was 0,-263 in that whole district,
showing a larger Republican vote than had
been polled there for years. I have all the
votes from 18G7, and i have no record of so
large a vote given by the Republican party.
It is true that Mr. Barnes did not get as large
a vote as Grant,. 1 think he fell off in every
precinct from the beginning to the end. You
will find that Barnes runs behind Grant, while
Adams runs ahead of Seymour in every county
but two. I do not know the reason of it, and
1 do not care. They were both Union men,
one being the major of one Union regiment,
and the other being a major of another Union
regiment. It may be that the personal popu-
larity of Adams was greater than that of Barnes;
but when we find that General Grant got a
larger vote than was ever before received by
any Republican candidate in that district I do
not think there is any just ground for any charge
of intimidation or fraud.
But I must hurry on. It has been said the
election ofliceis were not equally divided, and
therefore the election must be set aside. You
will find that so far from detracting from the
majority of Mr. Adams he gains about 900
votes.
We have heard a great deal one way or the
other about the loyalty of certain men. There
was a great deal of testimony of that sort that
came up before us ; but when we came to sift it
down we found therewerevery fewofthesemen
who came within the purview of that statute.
We found that the number of officers charged
with not having been legally elected in the dis-
tricts which gave Mr. Adams a majority was
exaggerated. Taking the precincts where rebel
election officers were found, and striking a bal-
ance, taking one from the other, it does not
change the result but very little, not more than
111 or 112 votes I think.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time lias
expiied. Thecoutestant is now entitled to half
an hour.
Mr. STEA'"ENSON. lam requested to an-
nounce to the Chair that the contestant declines
to occupy the time allowed him. He thinks
the time would be insufficient.
Mr. ADAMS. Then, of course, I shall not
occupy any time.
Mr. MAYNARD. The contestant has inva-
riably told me from the beginning that lie could
not do the case, himself, or the House justice
in half an hour.
The SPEAKER. The question first recurs
on the motion of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, Mr. Mayxaud, to recommit tho resolu-
, tions reported by the Committee of Elections
