1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
41st Cons....2d Sess.
Northern Pacific Railroad—Mr. Tyner.
Ho. 03? Reps.
of said alternate sections" to make up the de-
ficiency. I quote theexactlanguageof the bill.
Mark the words, "not more than ten miles"
beyond the specified limits. It settles beyond
dispute the intent of Congress to say that
"thus far and no further shalt thou go,; in
selecting lands. With what grace do they now
come back and ask for more.
But gentlemen tell us that much of the ori-
ginal grant has been absorbed by public sale
and homestead settlement since the company
was incorporated. Whose fault is that, even
if the fact exists? Is Congress to blame? Cer-
tainly not. The act of incorporation provided
that—
"The President shall cause the lands to be sur-
veyed lorty miles in width on both sides of the road
as soon as the general route is fixed, and the lands
hereby granted shall not be liable to salo or entry,
or preemption, before or after they are surveyed,
except by said company, as provided in the act."
Whose duty was it to fix; the general route?
Certainly that devolved on the company; no-
body will dispute this proposition. They failed
to do so; they have only located about one
tenth of the road up to this date. The question,
therefore, presents itself, shall we now cure the
loss, if any has actually occurred, that flowed
out of the neglect of the company itself?
Other gentlemen may do as they wish, but
theie is nothing in the pretended equity setup
by the friends of this measure that appeals to
my liberality.
Thus far no attempt has been made to show
(hat any deficiency of land exists in the belt
of one hundred mile3 out of which selections
were to be made. The House has no proofs
that the limits should be enlarged even to meet
the claims that are urged. It was due to the
House that the committee which reported back
the resolution without a dissenting voice should
convince the judgment of gentlemen, or try
to do so, by presenting the evidence that con-
trolled their own opinions. The subject is
sufficiently important to justify a written report,
so that the people whose lands are to be voted
a way may know what necessity there was for
doing so. Ordinarily we become suspicious of
a man who asks an enlargement of a donation
previously made, and we are apt to look upon
iii m as a knave and iinposter if he returns the
fourth time to complain that the gift was not
large enough. This company is here on its
fifth begging errand, and yet it does not sub-
mit one word of proof that what it demands
is just and equitable.
Much has been said, sir, in the course of
this debate, about that other extraordinary
feature of the resolution which changes the
provision of the original act in regard to the
branch road. That act, as has been said here
.several limes, authorizes the construction of
the branch from a point not exceeding three
hundred miles from the western terminus of
the main line to the city of Portland, in the
State of Oregon. The pending resolution pro-
vides that the branch may be constructed
"from some convenient point" on the main
trunk line across the Cascade mountains to
Puget sound. The chairman of the committee
[Mr. Wheeler] frankly admits that this is an
objection, but he does not attempt to remedy it.
He says that it is impossible without a definite
survey to properly locate this branch road.
Admit that, sir; and does it follow that you
shall not limit its length? You may say that
it shall not be started overfour or five hundred
miles from the terminus of the main line.
That would not require a definite survey. It
is very certain that the company desire to start
it at some point exceeding three hundred miles
from the terminus, for that was the limit of
the original act, and if they did not want to go
further they would not be here asking a change.
Is there not some danger that the "convenient
point" maybe discovered a thousand miles
north of the first limit?' That would give them
a new road half as long as the main line. In-
deed, they may make it quite as long if they so
desire ; there is nothing in the resolution to
prevent it. But the chairman of the commit-
tee sees no danger in this most extraordinary
proposition, because he advises the House to
do, as doubtless he thinks he has done, bring
a little common sense to bear upon its solution.
Well, sir, that is just what we are trying to
do ; and applying his test, the first thing we do
is to inquire what inducements exist to take
advantage of the unrestricted license'this reso-
lution permits. If the additional lands granted
by the resolution, and to be selected within
sixty miles on both sides the branch as well
as the main line, are sufficiently valuable, there
is no doubt but the company would get as
many of them as they could. If, then, the
proceeds of the lands granted by the act of in-
corporation at a fair estimate would pay the
cost of the entire construction of the road, and
leave the stockholders an excess of over three
hundred and fifty million dollars, as the first
board of directors say they would in the printed
statement quoted by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Havley,] there can be no doubt
but that the company would be glad to get
thirty or forty million acres more on the same
terms.
There is danger in this loose kind of legis-
lation ; and no amount of special pleading, and
no success in burlesquing the fears of gentle-
men, will excuse it. If the alternative were pre-
sented of endowing this company with an
unlimited grant in order to insure the con-
struction of an indispensable national highway,
or of surrendering an unbroken wilderness,
two thousand miles in length, to the occupa-
tion of wild beasts and wilder men, the question
would become a very different one. But no
such alternative is submitted to the decision of
the House. Enough lands have already been
given to build four such roads if we can rely
upon the statements and calculations of the
first board of directors of this road, whose
opportunity of deriving correct information is
certainly superior to that of any gentleman on
this floor.
The quality of the lands that now form the
subsidy of this company has been the subject
of much comment in this brief debate. The
friends of the measure would have us believe
that they are for the most part unsusceptible
of cultivation. I remember the statement of
the Delegate from Washington, [Mr. Gar-
fielde,] when the resolution first came up,
that for five hundred miles over the line of the
road that he had traveled the country was com-
paratively worthless for agricultural purposes.
1 am not disposed to question that representa-
tion ; but it was a dangerous confession for a
friend of the enterprise to make on the eve of
the probable departure of the financial agents
of this company to Europe to set their loan
afloat on the security chiefly afforded by these
lands. The statement would not bear repeti-
tion and publication in London, Frankfort, or
Paris in conjunction with the mission with
which these agents are no doubt soon to be
charged. Nor does it tally with the opinion
of the first board of directors, to which allusion
has been made, who say:
"Those lands, when the road shall bo built and the
business fairly started, including town and station
sites, would certainly average ten dollars per acre,
making the sum of $473,000,000.
" Supposing the construction of the road should cost
$60,000 per mile, the entire cost at this rate would be
§•120,000,000, leaving to the shareholders an excess of
clear profit from the lands alone of 8353,000,000.
" This estimate of $60,000 per mile as tiie cost of the
road was liberal, in view of the vast quantities of
material for its construction found along: the route,
including exhaustless mines ofiron of the best qual-
ity, which could bo turned into rails.
"And the estimate of ten dollars per acre as the
value of the land is reasonable, when those lands are
compared with the grant made for the construction
of the Illinois Central railroad."
And still less does it tally with the report of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
for 1869, who describes the resources of the
company and the country through which the
road will run as follows:
" The undeveloped resources of this company are
attracting the attention of capitalists. Its landed
subsidy is double that of the Union Pacific road.
Comparatively a very small proportion of its line
runs through an elevated region. Governor Stevens
was of the opinion that not more than one fifth o!
the land from Red river to Puget sound is inarable,
and that this is largely made up of mountains cov-
ered with valuable timber. It is evident that an
immense agricultural area is here awaiting develop-
ment. The great wheat-growing regions on tho leti
bank of the upper Missouri promise speedy settle-
ment upon the opening of an avenue for the trans-
portation of their products to market. Each scetion
of the road as it is completed will from loeal traffic
alone find ample returns for its investment."
It is easy to understand that gentlemen rep-
resenting the States and Territories through
which this road will run are greatly interested
in securing a reliable outlet for the vast surplus
products that will some day be raised in the
fertile country through which it is to pass. In
their haste to establish a communication with
the two great oceans they seem to look only to
their present needs. They do not deliberately
reflect upon the future consequences to their own
people when the road shall be built, and the
mammoth corporation, made up of European
capitalists, shall have its clutch on near one
half the lands in their respective States. Would
it not be better to wait a few years until a hardy,
adventurous population shall make such strides
in the improvement and development of the
country as would justify an investment of pri-
vate capital, unaided by monstrous public sub-
sidies, in the construction of roads ? Then
the soil would be held by citizens interested in
the social, moral, and political condition of
the people, instead of corporations whose sole
object would be the accumulation of wealth
and power.
Gentlemen who live in Indiana, Illinois,
Iowa, and other States bordering on the Mis-
sissippi and the lakes, understand how the im-
provement of great districts of country is there
retarded by the consolidation of large bodies
of lands in the hands of a few non-resident
speculators. So great is this evil that the
genius of'State legislators in some of those
States has been invoked to draft tax laws that
would diicriminate against this class of land-
holders and weaken their titles. In many local-
ities neighborhood roads are unconstructed,
churches and school-houses unbuilt, by reason
of the sparseness of settlements on lands that
have been held for years by speculators wait-
ing for an increased value before alienating
their titles. This is bad enough ; but it is
nothing compared with the future condition of
some of the States and Territories of the far
West, that will, to a great extent, be at the
mercy of these railroad monopolies.
The interest of the corporations might of
itself suggest an encouragement of local im-
provements, but not the necessity of making
the people truly happy and great by making
them the possessors of the soil. The almost
universal plan of disposing of lands by rail-
road companies to purchasers on long time
and payable in installments creates dangerous
and dreaded obligations on the part of the pur-
chaser to the seller. No man is really inde-
pendent who owes another for the little spot on
earth he calls home, and when thousands of
debtors of this kind to a single creditor, and
that creditor an unfeeling corporation, exist in
a State or community it becomes a deplorable
calamity.
Nor is the evil limited to individual subserv-
iency : it also extends to whole communities,
whose political conduct is greatly regulated by
the will of the monopolist. After awhile some
of the States in the far West will feel the power
of these gigantic corporations in their impress
on local legislation. The older States have felt
