1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5193
in the case of Barnes vs. Adams to be reex-
amined by the whole committee and reported
back to the House.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the yeas and
xays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 22, nays 119, not voting
88 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnell, Banks. Bennett, Benton,
Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Duval, Ela, Julian, Law-
rence, Maynard, Daniel J. Morrcll. Porter, Prosser,
ltoots. Sawyer, Shanks. William J. Smith, Stokes,
Tillman, Townsend, and Wallaee—22.
STAYS— Messrs. Allison, Ambier, Ames, Archer,
Armstrong, Asper, Axteli, Beck, Benjamin, Biggs,
Bingham, Bird, Blair, Booker, George M. Brooks,
James Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burr,
Churehiil. Sidney Clarke, Conger, Conner, Cook,
Crebs, Cullom, Davis, Degener. Dickinson, Donley,
Dox, Eldridge, Forriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher,
Fitch, Getz, Giifillari, Griswold, Male, Hamill, Harris,
Hawkins, Ilawley, Hay, Heflin. Hoar, Ilolman,.John-
son, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott,
Lash, Lewis. Loughridge, Marshall, May bam, Mc-
Carthy, McCormick,MoCrary, McKenzie.McNeely,
Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore, Mor-
gan, Morphis, Mungen, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peck, Phelps, Po-
land, Pomcroy, Randall, Rice, Rogers, Sanford, Sar-
gent, Schumaker. Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Shober,
John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William Smyth,
Stiles, Stoughton, Strickland, Swann, Sweeney,
Taffe, Tanner, Trimble, Twichell, Tyner, Van Trump,
Voorhees, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, walker. Wells, Whitmore, Williams,
Eugene M. Wiison, Winans, Winchester, Wood,and
Woodward—110.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Auams, Atwood, Ayer,
Bailey, Barnum, Barry, Beaman.^Beatty. Boles,
Bowen, Boyd, Buck, Burdelt, Benjamin 1?.Butler,
Roderick It. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Cessna, William
T. Clark, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Covode,
Cowles, Cox, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Dyer,
J''arns\vorth, Fox, Garfield, Gibson, iiai;'ht,_ Hal-
cleman, Hambleton, Hamilton, Hays, Hill, iloge,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander
H. Jones, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp, Lallm,
Logan, Lynch, McGrew, McKee, Milnes, Jesse H.
Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Myers, Seg-
ley, Newsliain, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Potter, Reeves,
Ridgway, Schenck, Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon, Slo-
cum, Worthington C.Smith, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stevenson, Stone, Strader, Strong, Taylor, Upson,
Van Auiien, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wheeler, Wil-
kinson, Willard. JohnT. Wilson, and Witcher—88.
So the motion was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll the following
announcements were made:
Mr. CONGER. My colleague, Mr. Beamax,
is absent from the House on account of sick-
ness in his family.
Mr. WILLARD. I am paired with Mr. Cake
of Pennsylvania. If he were here he would
vote "ay," and I would vote "no."
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I am paired
with Mr. Cobb, of North Carolina. If he were
here he would vote "no," and I would vote
"ay."
Mr. CESSNA. I am paired with Mr, Haight,
of New Jersey. If he were here he would vote
"no;" I would vote "ay."
Mr. KELSEY. I believe I am paired with
my colleague, Mr. Cox, on election cases.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
The question recurred on the adoption of
the first resolution reported by the Committee
of Elections, as follows:
Resolved, That George M. Adams wns duly elected
as Representative in the Forty-First Congress from
tho eighth district of Kentucky, and he is entitled
to retain his seat as such.
The question was taken, and tho resolution
was agreed to.
The question was next on the amendment
offered by Mr. McCbary, to fill up with the
words " live hundred " the blank in the second
resolution reported by the Committee ot Elec-
tions, as follows:
Resolved, That Sidney M.Barnes, having contested
tho seat of Hon. Geoegis M. Adams, as a Represent-
ative in this House horn the eighth district ot Ken-
tucky, in good faith and with probable cause, there
shall be paid to him out of the contingent fund ol
the House of Representatives tho sum ot dollars,
in full for his expenses in such contest.
Mr. HOLMAN. I beg to inquire of the
Chair whether that resolution is properly be-
fore the House ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Sco-
i'lELD.) It has been reported by the Commit-
tee of Elections, and the previous question has
been ordered on it.
Mr. KERR. I desire to say to my col-
league [Mr. Holman] that this resolution has
been reported by the committee as a part of
their report, and is therefore a matter of privi-
lege.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is certainly not, in my
judgment, a privileged report.
Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman's objection
comes too late.
The SPE AKER.p?'o tempore. The first ques-
tion is on the motion of the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. McCrary,] to fill the blank with
$500.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let us have the yeas
and nays on that.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes seventeen ; not a sufficient number.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Count the other side.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the previous question was ordered
on this resolution.
Mr. DICKEY. Too late.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from Wisconsin insist on a further
count?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw the demand
for further count, for the purpose of allowing
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] to
make the motion lie has just indicated.
The SPEAKtCR pro tempore. Then the
Chair decides that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, to fill the blank with §500,
is agreed to.
The question recurred on the second reso-
lution reported by the Committee of Elections,
as amended.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move now to reconsider
the vote by which the previous question was
ordered on this resolution.
Mr. DICKEY, i raise the point of order
that that motion is not in order, because the
previous question has already been partly exe-
cuted.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the pre-
vious question was ordered was agreed to, it
would carry the whole thing, and therefore the
Chair rules that as the previous question has
been partly executed a motion to reconsider
is not in order,
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for a division on the
adoption of (he resolution as amended.
The House divided, and there were—ayes
76, noes 25; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN and Mr. WOODWARD
called for the yeas and nays on agreeing lo
the resolution as amended.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—-
ayes twenty-six ; a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Sir. I'TTCH. I rise to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. Is it in Older to move to substi-
tute any other sum than S500?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No amend-
ment to substitute any other sum is in order,
the previous question having been ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 58, not voting
9'J ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Asper, Atwood,
Banks, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles,
Booker, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Burdett,
P.mlcnok It. Butler, Churchill. Sidney Clarke, Amasa
Cobb, Coburn, Conner, Cullom, Degener, Dickey,
Duval, Dyer, Finkelnbuig, Gillillan, Hale, Harris,
Stoughton, Strickland. Swann, Sweeney, Taylor,
Van Trump Ward, William B. Washburn. Wells,
Wheeler, Whitmore, Willard, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—5S.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Axteli,
Heflm,
n, Hoar, Jenckes, Johnson, Julian, Kerr, Law-
rence, Maynard, McCarthy, McCormick, McKee,
Mercur, Jesse H. Moore,Morphis,Daniel J. Morrcll,
Myers, O'Neill, Oitb, Packard, Paine, Palmer, Perce,
send, Twiehcii, Tyner, Van Horn, "Wallace, and Wil-
liams—72. , , _ ,
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Archer, Bailey,
Beck, Benjamin, Biggs, Bird, James Brooks, Buffin-
ton, Burchard, Conger, Dickinson, Lldridgo, I'orriss.
Fisher, Fitch, Getz, Gnswold, liamill, Hawkins,
Hawloy, Hay. Holinan, Thomas L. Jones, Ketcham,
Lash,Lewis, Mayham, McKenzie, Ehakim ii. Moore,
Morgan, Negley, Niblack, Packer, Peck, Randall,
Sawyer, Shober, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stokes,
Cobb, Cook, Covodo, Cowles, Cox, Crebs, DaVis,
Dawes, Dixon, Dockery, Donley. Dox, Ela, Farns-
worth, Ferry, Fox, Gai field, Gibson, Haight, Haldc-
inan, Hambleton, Hamilton, Hays, Hill, iloge.
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Alexander II. Jones,
Judd, Kelley, ICeliogg, Kelsey, Knapp, Knott, Latlm,
Logan, Loughridge, Lynch. Marshall, MeCrary, Mc-
Grew, McNccly, Milnes, William Moore, Samuel P.
Morrill, Morrissey, Mungen, Newsham, Peters,
Phelps, Piatt, Pomeroy, Potter, Beeves, Rice, Ridg-
way, Rogers, Sanford, Sargent, Schenck, Scofield,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Slocum, Wor-
thington C. Smith, Starkweather, Stone, Strader,
Strong, Tanner, Trimble, Upson, Van Auken, Van
Wyck, Voorhees, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wei-
ker, Wilkinson, John T. "Wilson, Winans, and
Wi tell or—99.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsiderthe votes
by which the resolutions had been adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OBSERVATIONS OI? STOKUS.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the unanimous consent,
of the House to put upon its passage a joint
resolution relating to observation and report
of storms for the benefit of commerce on the
noi thern lakes and sea-board, which I nowsend
to the Clerk's desk, and I wish to make a brief
statement to the House respecting it. It has
been submitted to the chairman of the Com-
mit! ee on Military Affairs, and meets his ap-
proval, and there can bo 110 objection to it, I
believe, on the part, of any Representative here.
A law lias already been passed providing for
observations of storms in their progress through
the country, and giving notice on the lakes
and sea-board, so that shippers and those who
are interested in the commerce of the lakes
and of the coastwise trade may, as far as
possible, avoid the disasters which result from
storms. It is found by the Secretary of War
to be desirable that he should have the power
at some stations where these observations are
to bo taken to enlist men and detail them for
that purpose. Ordinarily the work would be
done by the soldiers of the Army and the non-
commissioned officers; but there are points
where there are none, and there will be cases
where men will be willing to enlist in the
Army to perform this duty and no other.^ This
resolution authorizes the Secretary of War to
enlist men for that purpose at certain places.
The joint resolution was read for information.
It authorizes the Secretary of War to detail,
appoint, or enlist as many sergeants, with the
same pay and allowances as sergeants of engi-
neers, as may be needed for observations and
reports of storms for the benefit of commerce
on the northern lakes and the sea-board, pro-
vided that not more than one be appointed for
each station of observation selected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the resolution.
auuealls of pension's.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to report from
the Committee on InvalidPensions a bill grant-
ing arrears of pension to Keziah Arnold and
others. The bill contains a long list of names,
and embraces all the applications made to the
committee during this session for arrears of
pension in conseqnence of the applications of
the pensioners not having been filed within
five years. The committee reported a general
bill for this purpose, but the Senate refused to
concur with the House, and that feature was
stricken out by the committee of conference.
The committee now reports a special act em-
bracing each case that was pending before the
com mitten. I ask that the bill be read, omittvng
the names.
ilr. RANDALL. 1 suppose all theso names
will be printed in the Globe?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will ask that the entire
bill be printed in the Globe. This bill is in-
tended to cover every case of this kind that has
