1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1417
Mr. WARD. I think it is time that we
should have a vote.
I'he CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot put
the question to a vote so long as members
choose to offer amendments, discuss them,
and withdraw them.
Mr. BENTON. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. I do not propose to continue
this discussion for any length of time ; but I
wish to make one statement in answer to the
gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Rogers.] He
proposes, if I understood him correctly, to
bring in a bill within the next thirty days to
eiclude all female clerks from the Depart-
ments. If he expects to secure the passage
of such a bill I think he will find it a pretty
large undertaking—a very heavy job. Why ?
Because there are branches of business that
females can do better than men. Mr. Chair-
man, there are female clerks who are more
skillful in the execution of their duties than
any men could be. In many cases women have
more natural aptitude and make better clerks.
1 undertake to say that where they can be
employed in the public service more advan-
tageously than men they will be employed, and
I do not think the efforts of time-serving poli-
ticians will prevent it.
Bat there is another fact to be considered
in connection with this question. There are
numerous applications for clerkships from all
parts of the country, and comparatively few
of the applicants, either male or female, can
obtain employment in the Departments. I
understand that an undue proportion of the
employes in the Departments are from the city
of Washington. I have no personal knowledge
on the subject; but I have been informed that
in many instances quite a large number of per-
sons, both male and female, have been ap-
pointed from a single family. I understand
that there is but little chance to get a clerk
appointed in the Departments here unless he
lives in the vicinity of Washington. I do not
know how it is, but I apprehend, Mr. Chair-
man, that the arguments submitted by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] are
conclusive of the question that these females
have been employed for the purpose of saving
money to the Government. It is easy to
stand up here and say, and gentlemen may
show their chivalry and gallantry by saying
that females should have the same compensa-
tion for the same labor as males. Why dismiss
males and employ females if not for thepur-
pose of saving money to the Government?
I undertake to say that there are hundreds
of females in the country as intelligent as any
who are to be found here who would be glad
to be employed in the Treasury Department,
or in any other of the various Departments of
the Government, at the same rate of compens-
ation now paid to these female clerks; but they
cannot get the employment which they desire.
There is now the greatest rivalry going on
for the purpose of securing these employments
at the rates which are now paid. Does the
gentleman propose this increase of compensa-
tion so as to increase that rivalry? Where
outside of the Department can females receive
the same pay which the Government gives to
those who hold these positions? I should like
to have gentlemen point me out where in this
country females receive for this kind of service
a salary of $900 a year except in these Depart-
ments here in Washington.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. If we do not come to a vote
on this proposition I shall be compelled to
move that the committee rise for the purpose
of closing this debate.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to make a few
remarks before the vote is taken.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to the gentleman.
Mr. STEVENSON. If all that the Chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations has said be
true—and he ought to know, for he is the father
°f this House—if it be true that the men who
occupy these positions are the men he describes
them to be, then they ought all to be turned
out and women put into their places. They
ought, sir, to be all swept from the public
buildings—driven out of the public service, as
the money-changers of, old were driven out
from the temple.
Now, one word as to the legal argument. I
understand in this Department there are five
classes of clerks—first, second, third, and fourth
class, and female clerks. I understand there
is nothing in the law to prevent a woman being
appointed as a first, second, third, or fourth-
class clerk; and as there is no legal objection
to it I do not see why, when so appointed, the
female should not draw the salary which is
attached to that position. I propose to answer
the objection of my friend from Arkansas, [Mr.
Rogers,] who makes the only real objection,
and his objection is one of prejudice. I look
at the gentleman from Arkansas with admira-
tion; Hook at him with infinite admiration; for
I have come to the conclusion that he must be
a man created as Adam was, and not born of
woman. [Laughter.] The gentleman saysif
he lives thirty days he means to bring in a bill
to abolish the employment of women by the
Government. I wish him no harm ; but if I
thought his bill would pass I should fairly
pray that he should not live so long. I warn
the gentleman that heavy judgments have
fallen from high Heaven on men for lighter
offenses, and it may be that in thirty days
we may be compelled to mourn his untimely
decease.
| [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROGERS. I regret, sir, to have occa-
! sion 
i The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out
! of order. The debate ou the pending amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to strike out the
last word.
! The CHAIRMAN. That has been moved
i already. [Laughter. ]
! Mr. ROGERS. Then I move to strike out
the second last word. I have been assailed,
sir, by the Representatives of the great State
of Pennsylvania, and then from the granite
hills of Massachusetts, and lastly, from the city
of Cincinnati, which sits like a queen on the
Ohio river, and I think it is proper that I
should say something in reply. What I said
on the subject of females acting as clerks in the
Departments was not said in any spirit of levity,
nor did I say it without understanding the
import of what I said. I meant every word
of it, and I repeat again that this system is
demoralizing and corrupting, and lowers the
dignity of the Government; and I say we ought
to wipe it out, and return to the sounder sys-
tem we had before the war.
Mr. DAWES. I resume the floor.
Mr. ROGERS. I desire just one half min-
ute more. I have had a mother as well as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,]
and I have had sisters, and I revere the fairer
sex, and would consider no duty more sacred
than to defend their character and reputation.
But I do not wish to have women lobbying
here on this floor and around this Hall to have
their salaries increased. I do not want to hear
the sound of their rustling silks giving warn-
ing of their approach on any such errand. I
know what undue influence they can exercise
on gentlemen of tender years like the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson.] [Laugh-
ter.] I know the corrupting influence which
women can exercise. 1 have heard at least
something of the corrupting influence which
they can exercise on younger gentlemen.
[Laughter.] I warn my friend who represents
the city of Cincinnati to be on his guard.
Mr. DAWES. I resume the floor and ask
that we may now have a vote.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the motion and allow us to have
ft vote. If he does not1, it Will be my doty to
ask the House to-morrow to close all debate
on the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the motion.
The question being put on Mr. Holman's
amendment, the committee divided ; and there
were—ayes 52, noes 74.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Holman were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 56, noes 68.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Cessna
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to order of the
House, had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly the special order,
being House bill No. 974, making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1871, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House now
adjourn.
MECHANICAL REPORT.
Mr. CAKE. I desire to make a privileged
report.
Mr. DAWES. I presume the report the
gentleman desires to present has reference
to the printing of the mechanical report. I
should like to have the gentleman withdraw
that until some other time, as I propose to dis-
cuss the question.
Mr. CAKE. I shall make a very brief ex-
planation. The House has already passed a
resolution for the printing of seventeen thou-
sand copies of the mechanical report for the
House, ten thousand for the Senate, and five
thousand for the Commissioner of Patents;
but the Senate has decided that that referred
to the report of 1868. The Senate has passed
a resolution to print the report of 1869 in
greatly less numbers; ten thousand copies for
the House, four thousand for the Senate, and
five thousand for the Commissioner of Patents,
and the Committee on Printing now desire the
House to concur in the Senate resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to confer with
the gentleman before he submits the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] must insist on his
motion or yield the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cake] for the
purpose he has named.
COMMITTEE ON MILITARY AFFAIRS.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1264) making an appro-
priation to defray the expensesof the Committee
on Military Affairs; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. LOGAN. I have again to appeal to the
House, as I did yesterday afternoon, to allow
this bill to pass, that we may have an appror
priation to meet the expenses of witnesses
called in the course of the investigation which
we have been instructed by the Housa to make.
The bill, which was read, appropriates the
sum of $3,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to defray the ex-
penses incurred by the Committee on Military
Affairs in conducting the investigation ordered
by the House of. Representatives, February 4,
1870.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] will consent to let
the bill go to the Committee on Appropriations.
Several Members. Let it pass.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, if there is to be objec-
tion, let it go to the Committee on Appropria-
tions. Let gentlemen take the responsibility
Of preventing witnesses from coming Before
