1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3305
and such bridge ia declared to bo an estab-
lished post road for the mails of the United
States; but this act is not to be construed to
authorise the construction of any bridge which
shall not permit the free navigation of the
river to substantially the same extent as would
be enjoyed under the provisions of the Hew
York act and the amendments thereto, here-
tofore enacted and now in force; but the loca-
tion of any bridge, the construction of which
is hereby authorized, is to be subject to the
approval of the Secretary of War; and such
bridge is to have at least two draws of not less
than two hundred feet in width, in the clear,
between the piers, which are to be located at
tbe points best calculated to accommodate the
commerce of the river ; and the location and
plan of them are to be subject to the approval
of the Secretary of War.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Istherenny
objection to the present consideration of the
bill?
Mr. PRATT. I withdraw my objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection. The bill is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole; and
the amendment reported by the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in lines twenty-four and twenty-five, to
strike out the words "of not less than two
hundred feet in width iu the clear between tbe
piers," and after the word "location," in line
twenty-seven, to insert the word " width;" so
that the proviso will read:
And provided further. That such bridge shall have
at least two draws which shall be located at the
points best calculated to accommodate the commerce
of said river; and tbe location, width, and plan of
the same shall be subject to the approval of tbe
Secretary of War.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer a further amend-
ment at the instance of the Committee on Post
Offices and Pest Roads, to come in as an addi-
• lional proviso:
And provided farther. That thebridge herein named
shall be subject in its construction to the super-
vision of the Secretary of War of the United States,
to whom all plans and specifications relative to its
construction shall be submitted for approval; and
all railway companies desiring to use the said bridge
shall have and be entitled to equal rights and privi-
leges in the passage of tho some, and ih the use of
the machinery and fixtures thereof, and of all the
approaches thereto.
Mr. FENTON. This language was taken
from the act of the New York Legislature.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not care what it was
taken from. The other language ought to be
inserted. I think the amendment differs from
what it was when it came from the committee:
The committee agreed to it in a somewhat
different form, by having at the end of it the
words liupon such terms and conditions as
shall be prescribed by the Secretary of War,"
or equivalent words. The reason for putting
those words there is that one company built
this bridge, and this amendment gives other
companies the' right to go over, the bridge.
That is all very right; but I submit that the
parties who built the bridge ought to have some
compensation for the use of it, and they get
none at all by the amendment as it now stands.
Mr. FENTON. If the Senator will allow
me for a moment, I will say that there is no
language which was agreed on by the com-
mittee that lias not been reported and now
adopted.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am on the committee, and
know.
Mr. FENTON. This was a proviso added
the bill after conference with the interests
in Canada and the persons representing here
the various lines in the United States, and is
substantially the latter clause of the seventh
section of theactof 1857, as passed by the New
iork Legislature. 1 believe there is nothing
10 "us that was not in the original bill as it
catnetrom the committee, except the omission
? a proposition that they shall have at least
two tracks.
Mr. HAMLIN. This amendment was sub-
I mitted to the committee and the words which
I have suggested were put upon it by vote of
the committee.
Mr. FENTON. I beg pardon ; I perceive
that the Senator refers to the amendment now
proposed.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FENTON. I have no objection to those
words being added.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; let those words !
be added.
Mri FENTON. I suppose the Senator from
Maine refers to words erased in this amend-
ment.
Mr. HAMLIN,. Yes, sir.
Mr. FENTON. Very well; let those words
be added to the amendment as offered.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let the Secretary read the
words.
The Chief Clerk. The words erased iii the
amendment sent up were at its close:
Under and upon such terms and conditions as
shall be prescribed by the Secretary of War, if the
parties snail not agree.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is it.
Mr. FENTON. I have no objection to that.
Mr. HAMLIN. That provision evidently
ought to be there. They ought not to make
this bridge for other parties. It is going to
cost them $1,000,000 or more. ,
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; let us not de- j
bate it. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question j
is on the amendment of the Senator from Min- >
nesota.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to ask
my colleague if he has charge of this bill 
Mr. HAMLIN. No, I hare not charge of
it. It came from the committee of which I ,
am a member. The Senator from Minnesota I
has charge of the bill. !
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I notice by the I
phraseology of the bill that it authorizes the j
bridge to be built and declares it a legal struc- i
tnre, and says it shall not interfere with the !
navigation of the river to any greater extent
than i3 provided by the act to which it refers,
an act of the State of New York which author-
izes the construction of the bridge. Can tho
Senator from Minnesota inform the Senate
what that act authorizes, whether that act stip-
ulates what the bridge shall be, or whether it
| is left entirely discretionary with,the parties?
because if it leaves it entirely discretionary
with the corporation it will be seen at once
i that this proviso does not guard the public
interests at alL, but leaves them entirely, as it
occurs to me, in the hands of the company,
, and protects the rights of the public bo further
than that act protects them. It may be that
that act sufficiently protects tho public rights;
but evidently the bill here undertakes to pro-
tect the public rights; and my .suggestion is
that whether it does or not will depend entirely
| on the construction of the act io which it refers.
] Perhaps some Senator is familiar, with the
; terms of that act and can tell.
Mr. FENTON. i The act ■ ©f New.- York of,
| 1857 which is referred to, and the amendrtrents,
; I believe, of 1866 to that act, seem to me, as
; I have examined them hastily, very well
! guarded to protect the pabiic interests.
: Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
i ask the Senator from New York if that act
! specifies the width of the span of the bridge?
Mr. FENTON. No< sir; I think not.j
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It will be seen
' that the bill, as introduced here, specified the
length of the span, two hundred or two hun-
dred and fifty feet, I think; but now that is
,, struck ont, and it is left to be built in. con-
i formity with the act of the Legislature of New
I! York.
Mr. RAMSEY. Under the discretion of
j the Secretary of War. ....
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Secretary
|| has no discretion as to that.
II Mr. RAMSEY; Entirely. . The width of
the span and the draws are left to the Secre-
tary of War.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it quite
extraordinary that the whole subject of the
commerce of a river should be left to the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of War.
Mr. RAMSEY. Under the instructions of
the engineer department almost all the great
works of the country are now subject to his
supervision.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; that is a
matter of fact to be determined by the law-
making power.
Mr. RAMSEY. The wants of commerce
may require a larger draw than the Legislature
of New York or Canada has provided for.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But who is to
be the judge of its wants?
Mr. RAMSEY. The Secretary of War.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I never knew of
such an instance as that,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was about to call
attention to the same thing. Here ia this river
which, if improvements should be made below
Buffalo, might be navigable to a very great
extent by vessels passing to the upper lakes.
Mr. NYE. It is now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And the provision here
is for erecting a bridge, without determining at
all what the width of the draw is to be. When
we have authorized bridges to be erected on
the Ohio river we have required a draw of at
least four hundred feet in the clear. I have
just looked at one statute to see what our pro-
visions are in those cases. Here is one:
" That the consent of Congress be, and the same is
hereby, given to the erection of a bridge over the
Ohio river, from the city of Cincinnati, Ohio, to tho
city of Newport. Kentucky, by theNewport and Cin-
cinnati Bridge Company." * * * *
"Provided, That said bridge is built with an un-
broken or continuous span of not less than four
hundred feet in the clear."
The Senator from Minnesota insisted upon
that condition in that case. Now, we are
about to authorize a bridge over the Niagara
river without determining what tho width of
the draw is to be, leaving the whole thing to
be determined by the Secretary of War. It
seems to me that that is a very extraordinary
provision; and further than that, we are author-
izing the construction of this bridge according
to a law that we know nothing about; and not
only according to a law that we know nothing
about, but according to laws hereafter to be
passed, as I understand this bill. This bill
declares—
That any bridge and its appurtenances which
shall be constructed across the Niagara river from
the city of Buffalo, New York, to Canada, in pursu-
ance of tbe provisions of an act of the Legislature
of the State of New York entitled "Anapt to incor-
porate the International Bridge Company," passed
April 17,1857, or of any aet or acts of said Legisla-
ture amending the same.
,W« have not got that act; it has not, been
stated to the Senate what the legislation of
New York is; and then  ,
Mr. RAMSEY. Read the provision that
says the Secretary of War shall supervise it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not for vesting the
Secretary of War with the authority to determ-
ine the character of the bridges that are td
be erected over our great navigable streams.
The Senator from Minnesota would not allow
that a year ago; he was very particular 
Mr. RAMSEY. But in almost all your bills
recently passed for bridging the great rivers
of the West you leave the supervision of the
work to the Secretary of War.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But We fix the width of
the draw, and have done so inevpry instance.
Mri FENTON. I aee no objection to leav-
ing the width of the draw in. < - •
Mr. TRUMBULL. Bat it ought to be four
hundred instead of two hundred feet. '
Mr. FENTON. I do not see that there .is
any necessity for a draw of that width. I doubt
whether a bridge eould be constructed there
with a draw of that width. '
Mr. TJ&UMBULJU , It eaa be there as well
aa anywhere else.
