1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
alion is completed until the enterprising news-
papers or the United States will ascertain within
a few thousand the population of the entire
country by States and congressional districts.
It can be done very easily.
Another objection is made that it is the duty
of the Secretary of the Interior to submit this
proposition to the Congress of the United States
before there .is a redistribution of Represent-
atives. Now, 1 ask why the necessity of any
such presentation to Congress? Congress lias
no power in the premises. This enumeration
is taken by the Superintendent of the Census,
under the supervision of the Secretary of the
Interior. Now, is it claimed that all these vast
tables should be brought in here on the floor of
Congress for the purpose of revision in order
to ascertain whether or not the Superintendent
of the Census has made a correct computation
of the inhabitants? That is all that Congress
can do about it. We in Congress are only
called upon, first, to decide the number of
Representatives on this floor, and secondly, to
ascertain from our officer, the Superintendent
of the Census, what is the population of each
State of the Union. That being done, it is a
vfery easy matter to ascertain the number of
Representatives to which each State is entitled.
It is said that it would be necessary to call
extra sessions of the State Legislatures in order
to reapportion the congressional districts. For
a long time, as gentlemen will remember, it
was the custom of several States to elect their
members of Congress upon a general ticket;
and even down to the time of the rebellion the
State of South Carolina elected all its presi-
dential electors by its Legislature. Therefore
any State that may have an increased number
of Representatives can at the approaching elec-
tion eiecton a general ticket its additional Rep-
resentatives on this floor. In that way the
State can obtain the representation to which it
is entitled under the Constitution of the United
Stales. The distinguished gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Looan] now represents the State
of Illinois at large, and was elected upon a
general ticket in that State. Now, those addi-
tional Representatives may be elected upon a
general ticket, so that there will be no incon-
venience in reference to that matter except the
inconvenience of tabulating the population of
the States which may secure additional Repre-
sentatives.
By the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr, JudijJ it is proposed
to give the Secretary of the Interior forty-five
days in which to malie this computation—a
longer time than is proposed for the enumer-
ation of the population of the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JUDD. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment; and in doing so I will reply to the inter-
rogatory put by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Haldisman,] and which I had not
time to reply to when I was on the floor before.
This mode of making the apportionment by
the Secretary of the Interior was adopted to
save the time of Congress. After the Congress
meets it is competent for it to correct any error
that may have been made in the making of
this apportionment; and that has been done.
As has been said by the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Allison,] my colleague, [Mr. Looax,]
who represents the State of Illinois at large,
holds his place upon this floor by virtue of
such a correction of ail error made by the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
Mr. HALDEMAN. Made by Congress.
M r. JUDD. I repeat, Congress can correct
any error made by the Secretary of the Interior,
oi' change the representation. _ Take as an
instance my own district, which-will indicate the
reason why I press the matter. My own dis-
trict is represented to-day by but one member,
though it has a larger population than the
entire State of Vermont, which has three Rep-
resentatives upon this floor. What equity or
justice is there in such an arrangement? Is
it right that the people of my district should
be represented by only one member, when they
have large interests at stake in all the legisla-
tion of Congress? The question arises whether
there is any constitutional provision that inter-
feres with the action that we propose in this
matter. That the gentleman from Ohio rep-
resenting the Census Committee may under-
stand the precise position of this question I
will call his attention to the provision of the
Constitution on this subject, which I think will
show him that there is no such limitation as a
decade with regard to the apportionment of
Representatives in Congress, and that there is
no such limitation as to the taking of the cen-
sus. I call the gentleman's attention to the
only provision on this subject which I have
been able to find in the Constitution :
" Representatives and direct taxes shall bo appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union according to thoir respect-
ive numbers, which shall ho determined by adding
to the whole number of freo persons, including; those
bonnd to service for a term of years and excluding
Indiana not taxed, throo fifths ol' all other persons,
The actual enumeration shall bo made withm throo
years after tho first mooting of the Congress of tho
United States, and within every subsequent torinof
tonvoars, in such manner they shall by law direct."
From this provision it is clear that it is com-
petent for Congress, for any purposes of repre-
sentation or otherwise, to order a census within
every five years. The only obligation imposed
upon Congress by thin provision is that it shall
provide for a census at least within every ten
years, but the census may bo made every five
years.
[ Hero the hammer fell ]
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw my amendment
lor tho purpose of allowing the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bixoham] to renew it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I renew the amendment
of tho gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison.]
I am fullv persuaded, Mr. Chairman, that it
is the duty of the Congress of the United
States to so construct this bill as to carry out
the manifest,requirement, intent, and purpose
of tho Constitution, towit: to allow the whole
people of the United States to be represented
in the Forty-Second Congress. Within the lim-
ited time allowed mo tho reasons that operate
upon my mind cannot bo fully stated; but
allow me to suggest that the basis of represent-
ation has been changed by the fourteenth ar-
ticle of amendments to the Constitution, so
that, for the first time in our history, upon the
census enumeration, the whole people of the
United States, save Indians not taxed, are to
be represented in the Congress of the United
States. As to the question of the decade
which has been spoken of by my colleague,
[Mr. Garfield,] ho will, I think, perceive
upon a moment's reflection that under the
census taken in 1850 and in 18G0 Congress
was required to apportion the representation
upon the enumeration of those respective
years. The same rule applies to us now. The
suggestion of my colleague that we shall make
tho enumeration in 1870, and that tho appor-
tionment of representation shall operate not
upon the enumeration of 1870, but upon the
population in 1872, is not, I submit, iu accord-
ance with the Constitution.
In making this appeal to the House I make
it in behalf of the people, not in behalf of any
particular party. I beg gentlemen to remem-
ber that as to the effect upon the representation
of their respective States no man can make
any calculation until the whole number of Rep-
resentatives shall have been determined. The
matter now before us does not involve that
consideration, but simply the question whether
we shall do what we maybe able to do to give
to the whole people of this country, for the first
time in our history, representation in Congress.
It is our duty, manifestly our duty by the
express provision of the fourteenth article
of amendments to the Constitution. Having
had some part in preparing that amendment,
having had something to do with its recom-
mendation to the people of the United States,
and in common with them in bringing it into '
effect in the Constitution of the country, I pro-
pose to abide by it no matter what political
party may be affected by carrying it into effect
by legislation, in order that the whole people
may be represented, and to let them be repre-
sentedin the Forty-second Congress, in accord-
ance with the letter as well as with the spirit of
the Constitution.
That word "within," referred to by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Judd,] in the original
text of the Constitution, is a sufficient answer
to alt that has been already said by my colleague
or that can be said by any one else in reference
to the power of Congress in this bill. If they
have the power in 1870 to make the enumera-
tion they have the power in 1870 to apportion
representation on the basis of that enumera-
tion, and the people have the power in 1870,
in accordance with the letter of the Constitu-
tion as it stands to-day, to be represented in
that apportionment and that enumeration in
the next succeeding Congress. The amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Judd] looks to that result. Of course
thai alone cannot effect tho result. There
must be, as he has already suggested, corre-
sponding amendments in succeeding sections
of tho bill. I have no apprehension that the
people of the United States will call upon any
man to answer all these questions save tho
man who refuses to allow the whole people to
be represented in the Forty-Second Congress
of the United States upon the basis of an
enumeration of the whole people for the first
time taken in the history of this Republic, as
provided for in tho fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution. Gentlemen will re-
member that the original Constitution, instead
of allowing the whole people to be represented,
allowed only three fifths of a large portion of
the people of tho United Slates to bo repre-
sented or to be carried into the enumeration
or apportionment. That is all gone, passed,
and done away with.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. If tho apportionment
should be made prior to tho adoption of the
fifteenth amendment would not the States of
Maryland and Kentucky, and other States
which have not allowed their colored popula-
tion to vote, lose the enumeration of many of
their people, and would there then be, accord-
ing to the gentleman's argument, a represent-
ation of the whole people of the United States?
Mr. BINGHAM. How States will be affected
in the event of further action of the people
touching the provisions of their Constitution is
a question we cannot consider in legislating on
the Constitntion as it is.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Chairman, I thought
that the Constitution of the United States set-
tled this question. I thought the apportion-
ment of Representatives was a duty to be per-
formed by decades; and I believe that tho
phraseology of this first article of the Constitu-
tion will lead any fair mind to that conclusion.
Bui- if there is any doubt about the Constitu-
tion I am sure that it is settled by the practice
of the Government since its formation. The
practice has been to apportion representation
by decades. The law under which we are here
is the law of the 3d of March, 1863 ; and if the
Constitution means what I suppose it does, and
in reference to which I never heard any doubt
expressed before this morning, that this appor-
tionment shall take place once in every ten
years, then we have no constitutional power to
make an apportionment to take effect before
the 4th of March, 1873. We may provide for
an enumeration now, but the apportionment
based upon it can only take effect at that date.
That is the force of the word " within" to which
the gentleman from Ohio has referred. The
new representation is to succeed tho old rep-
resentation only once in ten years. No matter
when you make your enumeration it cannot
take effect until ten years have elapsed from
the former apportionment. If that be so, this
debate is quite out of the question, quite out-
