1418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
the oommittee by not letting an appropriation
be made for their expenses.
Air. MAYNARD. I am appealed to by
members of the Committee on Appropriations
to withdraw the objection, and 1 do so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would ask my col-
league to permit me to offer an amendment to
increase the appropriation so as to defray the
expenses incurred by tbe Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads in making investi-
gations at New York and Boston in regard to
the post-oftice buildings at those cities.
Mr. DICKEY. Oh, no; I object to that.
Mr. LOGAN. I should have no objectioa
to that, but I think my colleague had better ;
provide for it in another bill. !
Mr. CULLOM. If that is done, I shall have
to ask that provision be made also to pay the
expenses of tbe Committee on the Territories
in examining some witnesses.
Mr. LOGAN. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof tbe bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read tbe third time, and
passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved |
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the ,
table. _ j
The latter motion was agreed to. :
LKAVK3 or ABSENCE.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Bowen for ten days, and to Mr.
Ridgway for five days. Indefinite leave of
absence was also granted, by unanimous con- '
sent, to Mr. Milkes on account of sickness in !
his family. |
mkssade fkom the senate. |
A message was received from the Senate, :
by Mr. Gorbam, its Secretary, informing the I
House that that body had passed a bill and
joint resolutions of tbe following titles, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
A bill (S. No. 437) for the relief of George
Andrews, lieutenant colonel sixth United States
infantry;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 109) in relation
to settlers in tbe late Sioux Indian reservation
in the State of Minnesota; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 120) to provide
for the appointment of an examiner of'claims
for the Department of State, and for additional
clerk* in tk« Department.
DKCLIMB OV AUBKIOAK COMMERCE.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was referred under the law to tbe Com-
mittee on Printing:
Bfalptd. That there be printed ten thousand extra
copies of thereport and evidenceof the special Com-
mittee? oil the Decline of Ship-Building and Com-
merce.nine thousand for the use of the House and one
thousand for tbe use of the Treasury Department.
Mn LYNCH; I have here a letter from the
8ecretaryof tbe Treasury on tbe same subject,
which I desire to have referred with the reso-
lution to tbe Committee on Printing.
There was no objection; artd itwas so ordered;
And then, on motion of Mr. DAWES, (at
four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, jttc.
. The following petitions, Ac., were presented
- under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. AMBLER; The memorial of C.
Aultman & Co., E. Ball •& Co., John Ball &
Co., Ballard, Fast t Co., Charles H. Williams,
Kubn, Seiberline & Co., Bucher, Gibbs & Co.,
and Gibbs, Brother* 4 Co., manufacturers, of
Canton, Stark county, Ohio, on tbe subject of
the pit sent duty on' Bpriag) tire, «alking, and
plow steel, and praying for a reduction of the
duty on the same to one cent per pound.
By Mr. BEAM AN: The petition of L. H.
Whittlesey and 20 others, citizens of Bridge-
port, Connecticut, praying Congress to restore
the tariff rates on imported cigars to three dol-
lars per pound and fifty per cent, ad valorem.
Also, the petition of G. B. Lightenberg and
others, cigar manufacturers, &c., of Detroit,
Michigan, praying a restoration of the tariff '
rates on imported cigars to three dollars per
pound and fifty per cent, ad valorem.
By Mr. BRADFORD: The proceedings of
a public meeting in Conejos, Colorado Terri-
tory, in opposition to the bill now before Con-
gress, providing for the annexation of Costilla
and Conqjos counties to New Mexico, with
accompanying letters of Hon. Juan B. Jaques
on the same subject.
Also, a petition of 142 citizens of Trinidad,
Colorado Territory, asking for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 24 citizens of St. Mary's,
Colorado Territory, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of 15 citizens ot Exception,
Colorado Territory, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of J. A. Safford, post-
master at Fort Riley, and others, for the same
purpose.
By Mr. COWLES: A petition of citizens of
Ovid, Seneca county, New York, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. CULLOM: The petition of C. Kuntz,
Otho Lipp, and A. Alt, officers of the Cigar-
Makers' Union of Bloomington, Illinois, ask-
ing the repeal of certain portions of the law in
relation to tax on cigars.
By Mr. DUVAL: A petition of citizens of
Calhoun county, West Virginia, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Ritchie county,
West Virginia, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: Peti-
tions of manufacturers and dealers in cigars,
citizens of Boston, Cambridgeport, Chelsea,
Charlestown, and West Newbury, Massachu-
setts, praying Congress to restore the tariff
duty on cigars to three dollars per pound and
fifty per cent, ad valorem.
Also, a petition of citizens of Boston, pray-
ing Congress for legislation abating tax on
tobacco destroyed by fire while in bond.
By Mr. HOTCHKJSS: A petition of 60
cigar-makers of Ithaca, New York, for increase
of tariff on cigars.
By Mr. JUDD: The petition of Reid, Mur-
doch ft Fischer and others, remonstrating
against the income tax, and asking that it be
not revived.
By Mr. JULIAN: Tho petition of Charles
Hambleton and 40 others, citizens of Chester
county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
authorize the President to appoint a land
commissioner to select eligible homesteads for
freedmen, &c.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of Seth
Thomas Clock Company and others, citizens
of Connecticut,against an increase; of duty on
steel, and for a reduction of the same.
By Mr. MERCUR: A petition of 32 citizens
of Myersbur*, Bradford county, Pennsylvania,
praying for tbe abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. READING r A petition of citizens
of Philadelphia city and.Bucks county, Penn-
sylvania, for an increased tariff rate on im-
ported cigars. ..c...
Also, a petition of 40 citizens of Penn's
Park, Bocks county, Pennsylvania, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. SLOCUM: Two petitions of oigar
and tobacco dealers, for increase of duties on
imported cigars and tobacco.
By Mr. WINANS: Resolutions of the city
council of the city of Columbus, Ohio, tender-
ing to the United States, free of charge, the
use of suitable rooms in the new city hall, for
tbe courts of the United States in die proposed
new or middle district of Ohio, until such
time as the Government may erect a building
for that purpose, together with an accompany-
ing photograph of said city ball.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 19, 1870.
PrayerbyRev. J.G. Buti-er, D. D.,Chaplain
to the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
"BLACK BOB" INDIAN papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the message of the House of Repre-
sentatives requesting the Senate to transmit to
the House of Representatives the papers relating
to the " Black Bob" Indian lands, in the State
of Kansas, communicated to the Senate by the
Secretary of the Interior, for reference to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand that the Sen-
ate has ordered those papers to be printed, and
that they have been transmitted to the printing
office and have not been returned. I therefore
move that this message lie on the table until
the papers are returned to the Senate from the
printing office.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Kansas, remon-
strating against the ratification of the treaty
for the sale of the Kaw Indian reserve.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These resolu-
tions will be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. POMEROY. That treaty having been
withdrawn, I suggest the resolutions lie on the
table. The treaty is not before the Senate or
before tbe committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did
not know that that fact had been disclosed. The
resolutions will lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT also presented
resolutions of the Legislature of Virginia, in
favor of the removal of all disabilities incurred
by reason of participation in the late rebellion
from all citizens of that State; which were re-
ferred to the select Committee on tbe Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the memorial
of theNew York Steamship Company, praying
that certain tonnage duties ptud by the steam-
ers Morning Star and Evening Star, in New
Orleans and New York, in 1868 and 1864, be
refunded; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
. He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Michigan, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; whieh were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. HOWE presented additional papers in
relation to the claim of. Alois Clans; which
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition ef citizens of
Wisconsin, praying that a pension be granted
to Elizabeth F. Beall; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of the passage of
a bill to refund to the city of Milwaukee cer-
tain moneys advanced for the construction of
the "straight cut" haTbor at Milwaukee; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of tbe ap-
pointment of a commission to investigate the
claims of all persons who have lost property
or sustained damages by reason 6f depreda-
tions committed since the 1st day of January,
1864, by any of the Indian tribes or members
thereof with whom peaee conferences have been
held) or may hereafter be beldj by the com-
