5194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
been referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions by this House at this session. I trust
that there will be no objection to the bill.
No objection being made, the bill (EI. R.
No. 2367) was received and read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third Lime.
The bill was as follows:
A bill granting arrears of pensions to Kesiah^Ar-
nold, Sarah Ashby, LydiaC. Avery. Anna B. Bailey,
Letta Baglcy, Harriet Baghn, Elizabeth Brewer,
liichard Bird, Samuel Birdeoll, William J. Blood,
Caroline Bowman, Cornelia Brooks. Anna D. Buz-
zell, Mary Carr, Bernard Carter, Elizabeth (Jate,
Laura Clark, John Clark, Lucetta Clements, Eliza-
beth Copeland, John Cornwall, Alary Ann Collins,
Elizabeth Conant, Homer Craft, James Crugon,
ElizabcthCulbertson,CathcrineM. Daniels, Ilo ward
Oaskill, Samuel E. Gordon, Mary 11. Gilson, Fanny
Grimes, llarry Gieenwood. Lueretia Gregg, Mary
JaneGrittcy, Jane Griffin* Eliza C. Hammond, John
T. Harrison, Asa Ilart, Peter E. Haston, Edward
Hays, Noah 11. Button, llan nuhC.Hubbard, Julia
A. llubbard. Morris It.Hughs,Hannah J.Kittridge,
William Knight, John 1\ Lake, Mary Lee, Ilosina
Lcnsminger, David Lewis, Haniot Lewi?, Mary A.
liovfjoy. Mnry C. Marlett. Elizabeth Mvcr, Anna
McCanco.CynthiaMcCoy. Ann McKalo,CharlesM.
Mears, Henry B. Miller, Ann Milne, Mary M. Nye,
ThomasP.Orwin,Mary Parker,El iKabethParkhuist,
Nancy Parkhurst,ElizaPlaisted, LucyM. Pitman,
ParmeneasH. Ragsdalc, Mary Itandolph, Androw
J, Xthoads, Sarahlt. Roberts, Saiah A.Boot, James
llowe, William P. Russell, Catherine J. Solomons,
Alzada W. Saul, Robert Scott, John Shay, Lueretia
Sheffield, Valentinebciieidk-r, Jane tehineficld,
William Silver, Helena E.Smith, Olive S.Snow,
Biddy A. Smith,Caturah Speer.Saiah Stran.llenry
Stock, William A. Taylor,Andrew Tesliunc, Caro-
line TerwiUiger, Minerva B. Thornhill, Mary M.
Tingling, GeorgeTohin,Mary Tobino, Caroline A.
Trofford, Sabnna Webster, Pear Welsher, KiUcy
Williams, Emily A.Wilcox, JosephWilson,Barbara
"Wilt, Sarah Jane AVinfiold, Lucy Wrisloy, Matilda
and J. Chase,Elizabeth 11 crzberger, Chancy Strick-
le) nd.
lie it cnacted by the Senile and House of Represent-
ative* of the United States in Congress assembled, That
section six of an act entitled "An act relating to
pensions," approved July 27,1868, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed, so far as it applies to the persons
hereinatter named, to whom pensions have hereto-
fore been granted by virtue of the general law relat-
ing to pensions, to wit: lveziah Arnold, mother of
Orrin Arnold, lato a corporal in company K, one
hundred and fifth Ohio volunteers; Sarah Ashby,
mother of Edward Ashby, late a private in company
E, oighth Kentucky cavalry; Lydia C. Avery, mother
of John C. Amos, late a private in company G, second
United Statessharp-shooters; AnnaB. Bailey, mother
of Horace Bailey, late a private in company C, nine-
teenth Ohio volunteers; Letta Bagley, mother of
James P.Baglcy, late of company E, twenty-ninth
Ohio volunteers; Harriet, Baghn, mother of William
Baglin, late a private in company E, eighteenth
United States infantry; Elizabeth Brewer, mother
of Henry \V. Brewer, late ot the sixteenth battery,
Xndi.ina volunteers; Richard Bird, late a private in
company E, forty-sixth Indiana volunteers; Samuel
Birdsall, late captain of company D, sixth Wisconsin
volunteers; William J. Blood, late second lieuten-
ant m company G, ninth Massachusetts volunteeis;
Caroline Bowman, mother of Jacob Bowman, late a
private in company G, one hundred and twentieth
Ohio volunteers; Cornelia Brooks, mother of Dennis
W. Brooks, late a private in company K, forty-fifth
Illinois volunteers; Anna 1). Buzzell, mother of
Charles P. Buz/.ell, late a private in company E,
twelfth New Hampshire volunteers; Mary Carr,
mother of Richard H. Higgins, late a private In com-
pany I, thirty-third Indiana volunteers; Bernard
Carter, holder of pension certificate No. 1)7712; Eliz-
abeth Cate, mother of Robert Schuyler, late a private
in company D, one hundred a.nd third Ohio volun-
teers; Matilda J. Chase, mother of Otis Chase, late
of company F, eighth New Hampshire volunteers;
Laura Clark, mother of .Tg,son L. Clark, late of com-
pany 0, twenty-seventh New York volunteers; John
Clark, late a private in company 11, second Kansas
volunteers; Lucetta Clements, mother of William
Clements, late a private in coinpanv I, seventy-first
New York volunteers; Elizabeth Copeland, widow
of Henry Copeland, late a private in company D,
first Connecticut heavy artillery; John Cornwell,
late ot company I, fifth Illinois cavalry; Mary Ann
Collins, mother of Alfred Collins, late of company D,
fourteenth "Wisconsin volunteers; Elizabeth Conant,
mother of Harland Oona.nt, late of company E. first
Michigan engineers and mechanics; Ilomer Craft,
late a private in company A, fifty-seventh Indiana
volunteers; James Cruson, late first assistaut surgeon
first Wisconsin volunteers; Elizabeth Culbertson,
mother of James A. Culbertson, late a sergeant in
company E, twenty-seventh Kentucky volunteers;
Catharine M. Daniels, mother of John Daniels, late
of company G, one hundred and first Ohio volun-
teers; Howard Deacon, late a private in company I,
sixty-first Pennsylvania volunteers; Betsey Down-
ing, mother of Jonathan T. Downing, late a private
S' twe'fth New Hampshire volunteers;
William R. Duncan, late a private in company D,
second Tennessee volunteers; Eliza Durgin, mother
of Orlando Durgin, lato a private in company I,
twelfth New Hampshire volunteers; Gilman Fellows,
father of Enoch G. Fellow?, late a private in com-
pany lv, forty-seventh Massachusetts volunteers;
Ezra G. Finley, late a private in company C, twelfth
Illinois volunteers; Charles L. Fisher, lato a ptivate
in company I), sixth Pennsylvania reserves; Willis
Eloyd, late a private m company F, tenth Indiana
volunteers; Elizabeth Gardner, mother of George
W.Gardner, lato a. private in company K, tenth Ohio
cavalry; Austin C. Gaskiil, late of the nineteenth
Ohio battery; Samuel E. Gordon, late of company B,
seventh Ohio volunteers; Mary li. Gilson, mother of,
Edward D. Grlson, lato of the eleventh Wisconsin
volunteers; Fanny Grimes, mother of James 11.
Grimes, late a landsman in the United States Navy;
Harry Greenwood, lato a private in company B, fifth
New York volunteers; Lueretia Gregg, mother of
Clark S. Gregg, late a first lieutenant of company G,
sixtj'-fifth Ohio volunteers; Mary Jane Griffey,
widow of W. T. Griffey, late a private in company G,
first Connecticut cavalry; Jane Griffin, mother of
Meeker G. Grillin.late a private in company G,fifty-
sixth New York volunteers: Eliza C. Hammond,
mother of James C. Hammond, late aprivate in com-
pany 11, twenty-ninth Ohio volunteers; John T. Har-
rison, late ot' the thiid Wi&conhiu volunteers: Asa
Hart, late a private in company G, seventh Indiana
volunteers; Peter F. Ilaston, late a private in com-
pany I, third Indiana volunteers; Edward Hays, late
a private in company F, eighty-ninth Massachusetts
volunteers; Noah II. Button, lato a privato in com-
pany C, eighth Indiana volunteers; Hannah C. Hub-
bard, mother of Horace Hubbard, lato a privato in
company 11, seventh Vermont volunteers; Julia A.
llubbard, mother of Soth H.IIubbard, late a privato
in company A, twenty-ninth Ohio volunteers; Mor-
ris R. Hughs, late of the seventh Ohio volunteers;
Hannah J. Kittridge, mother of Charles E. Kittridge,
late a privato in company A, sceond Massachusetts
volunteers; William Knight, late a private in com-
pany B, sixty-ninth Now York volunteers: John
P. Lake, late a privato in company F, twenty-
fourth Ohio volunteers; Mary Loo, mother of Thomas
Conlcy, late a privato in company D, second bat-
talion eighteenth United States infantry; Ilosina
Lensraingor, widow of Melehur Lensiuingcr, late a
private m company D, fifty-sixth Pennsylvania vol-
unteers; David Lewis, lato a third lioutenant in the
fifth battalion District ot Columbia volunteers; Har-
l let Lewis, mother of Frank Lewis, lato of company
D, one hundred and third Ohio volunteers; Mary
A. Lovejoy, mother of Newton Lovcjoy. lato a pri-
vato m company F, thirteenth United States in-
faatiy; Maiy C. Marlett, widow of John C. Alarlctt,
late a privato in company E, fuxty-sixth Indiana
volunteers; Elizabeth Myer, mother of Jacob Myer,
late a private in battery A, first Ohio light artillery;
Anna McCunce, mother of James McCance, late a
private in company A, twenty-foui th New York
volunteers; Cynthia McCoy, mother of Russell B.
McCoy, lato a pi ivy to in company I, thirty-eighth
Ohm volunteers; Ann MoKalc. mother of James
McKale, late a seaman on the Mississippi river llo-
tilla; Charles M. AJears, late ot Companv K. four-
teenth Indiana volunteeis; Henry B. Miller,late of
company A, thirty-fourth Kentucky volunteers;
Ann Miino, mother of Joseph S. Milne, late a second
lieutenant of company B, first Rhode island light
artillery; Mary M. Nye, widow of Benjamin F. Nye,
late a private m company I, fifty-lifth Ohio volun-
teers; Thomas P. Orwin, late of company I, thirty-
fiibt Illinois volunteers; Mary Parker, mother of
Amon Parker, late a private in company B, one hun-
dred and second New York volunteers; Elizabeth
Parkhurst, mother of llcese Parkhurst, late a piivate
in the first. Iowa, battery; Naney Parkhurst, mother
of Wilfred Parkhurst, late a private in company
11, twelfth Connecticut volunteers; Eliza Plaisted,
mother of A, T. Plaisted, late a private in company
A, sixth New Hampshire volunteers; Lucy M. Pit-
man, mother of Nathaniel Pitman, late a private in
company G. eighteenth Illinois volunteeis; Par-
menoas II. Jinfrsdnlc, late a private in company (1,
forty-second Indiana volunteers ; Alary Randolph,
mother of Levi M. Randolph, late a private in
company K, fifteenth Iowa volunteers; Andrew J.
Rhoads. holder of pension certificate No. ]022(51 ;
Sarah H. Roberts, mother of Mark II. Roberts, late
a first lieutenant in company K, eighty-second Penn-
sylvania volunteers; Sarah A. Hoot, mother of
Fayette Hoot, late of company B, tenth Pennsyl-
vania reserves; James Howe, holder of pension cer-
tificate No. 141022; William P. Russell, late sur-
geon fifth Vermont volunteers; Catherine J. Solo-
mon, widow of B. H. Solomon, late a private in
company E, eighth Tennessee volunteers; Alzada
W. Saul, mother of Lewis Saul, late a private
in companyII, second Ohio cavalry; Robert Scott,
late a corporal in company B, sixth New Jersey vol-
unteers; John Shay, father of Jacob H. Shay, lato
a private in company C, ninety-third Pennsylvania
volunteers; Lueretia F. Sheffield, mother of Hiram
Sheffield, late a private in company E, twenty-sev-
enth Massachusetts volunteers; Valentine Scheidler,
late of company F, one hundred and seventh Ohio
volunteers; Jane Shmefield, mother of George S.
Shinefield, late aprivate in company D.one hundred
and twenty-sixth Pennsylvania volunteers; Wil-
liam Silver, late captain of company G, fifty-second
Pennsylvania v olunteeis ; Helena F. Smith, mother
of Francis H. C. Smith, late a private in company
I, one hundred and seventy-fourth New York vol-
unteers; Olive S. Snow, mother of Nelson E. Snow,
late a private in company D, sixteenth Connecticut
volunteers: Biddy A. Smith, mother of David A.
Smith, lato a private in company G, sixty-sixth In-
diana volunteers; Caturah Speer, mother of James
Speer, late a private in company B, eighty-fifth New
York volunteers; Sarah Stran, mother of Lorenzo
D. Stran, late a private in compauy A, sixth Now
Hampshire volunteers; Henry Stock, father of Henry-
Stock, lato a private in company C, fourth Pennsyl-
vania reserves; William A. Taylor, late a privato
iu company G, seventh Indiana volunteers; Andrew
Terhune, lato of company D, seventeenth Indiana
of Jesse D.Thornhill, late a private in company E, fifth
Kentucky volunteers; Alary M. Tingling, mother of
William H. Tingling, late a privato m company
E, sixteenth Ohio volunteers: George Tobin, late a
captain in the sixty-third New York volunteers;
Mary Tobinc, mother of ThaddeusTobinc, late a pri-
vato in company A, sixth New Hampshire volunteeis;
Caroline A. Trofford, mother of Elias Al. Trofford,
late a private in company F, eighty-ninth New York
volunteeis; Sabnna Webster, mother of George W.
Webster, late a privato in the fifteenth New Hamp-
shire volunteers; Fear Welsher, mother of Andrew
Welsher, late a private in company I, thirty-third
Iowa volunteers; Kitsey Williams, widow of Eliaa
Williams, late aprivate in company D, third Tennes-
see volunteers; EmiiyA. Wilcox, mother of Milo II.
Bartholomew, late a private in company C, first Ohio
light artillery; Joseph Wilson, father of Samuel A.
Wilson, late a private in company E, eighth Maine
volunteers; Barbara Wilt, mother of John R. Wilt,
lato a privato in company C, first West Virginia
cavalry; Sarah Jane Winfield, mother of George S.
Winfield, lato of company G, sixty-sevonth Ohio
volunteers; Lucy Wrisdey, mother of Justus Wris-
loy, late a private in company G, twenty-seventh
Alassachusotts volunteers; Elizabeth Herzberger,
widow of Chaplain Frederick Herzberger, of the
fifty-eighth Now York volunteers; and Chancy
Strickland, father of Chancy W. Strickland, late of
the third Michigan.
Sue. 2. And he it further cnacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Inferior be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and directed to pay said above-named persons
thesamo arrears of pensions as if the applications
upon which their several pension certificates were
granted had been made within the time required by
law to entitle them to such arrears: Provided, That
no payment shall be made under the provisions of
this act in any case whore from death, remarriage, or
from any other cause the original pension has ceased
and is no longer payable to the person to whom the
certificate was originally granted: And provided fur-
ther, That all payments required by the provisions
of this act shall be made only to the persons enti-
tled thereto, and in the manner prescribed bylaw
in other cases of the payment of pensions.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed,* and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RIGHTS OF CITIZENS.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce at this time for reference to
the Committee on Reconstruction a joint reso-
lution to correct a mistake in section twenty
of the act to enforce the rights of citizens of
the United States to vote in the several States
of this Union, and for other purposes, approved
May 31, 1870.
Mr. RANDALL. The Reconstruction Com-
mittee have the right to report at any time. I
shall object to the joint resolution being re-
ferred unless I can hear it read ; and I will
object to it then if I do not approve of it.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enro&led a bill of the
following title; when the Speaker sigued the
same:
An act (S. No. 1040) to amend the act enti-
tled "An act to establish a police court for the
District of Columbia, and for otherpurposes,'?
approved June 17, 1870.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I desire
now to call up the contested-election case of
George Tucker vs. George W. Booker, from
the fourth congressional district of Virginia.
Mr. CESSNA. I desire to say a single word
m reference to another election case. At the
very commencement of the present Congress
there were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions the papers in the case of John Rogers,
claiming n seat in this House as a Kepresent-
ative-at-large from the State of'Tennessee. Two
