2362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April lj
shall be sold to actual settlers at $2 50 per
acre.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kaasas. I would like to
have the geatieman read that section of the
bill
Mr. BUTLEK, of Massachusetts, I will
read it:
That for the purpose of aiding inNtho construction
of a railroad and fceloxraph lino from Portland to
Astoria, and from a suitable point of junction near
Forest Grove to the Yamhill river, near McMmn-
villo, in tbo State of Oregon, there is hereby granted
to the Oregon Central llailroad Company, now en-
tfa$?ed in constructing the said road, and to thoir suc-
cessors and assigns, the right of way through the
public land® of the width ot'one hundred feet on caeh
fido uf said road, and the right to take from tho ad-
jucont public lands materials for constructing said
i oad, and also the necessary lands for depots, stations,
Mdo tracks, and other needful uses in oporating- tho
road,not exeoeding forty acres at any ono placoj and
also each alternate scotion of the public lands not
mineral, excepting1 coal or iron lands, designated by
odd numbers nearest to said road, to tho amount ot
ten such alternate sections per mile on each side
thereof not otherwise disposed of or reserved or held
by valid preemption or homestead right at tho timo
of tho passage of this act. And in ease tho quantity
of ten rull sections per mile cannot be found on each
side of said road withiu tho said limits of twenty
miles, other lands designated n* aforesaid shall bo
selected uudor the direction of tho Secretary oi' i ho
interior, on either sido of any part of said rout I near-
est to and not more than twenty miles beyond tho
f-aid limits to make up such dolicicncy.
And then there is this proviso to the second
section:
And provided alao, That settlers under tho pro-
visions of tbo homestead act who comply with tho
terms and requirements of said act, shall bo entitled,
within the said limits ot twenty miles, to patents for
an amount not exceeding eighty acres each, anything
in thi-s act to tho contrary uotwith.stam.liug.
1 hope, therefore, the bill will bo referred to
ihe Committee on tho Public Lands and ex-
amined. That is all I desire to say.
Mr. HOLM VN resumed tho lloor.
Mr. CLARICE, of Kansas. I askthegentle-
man to .yield to me for a moment.
Mr. HOJjMAjS'. I think I owe it to the
House to call the previous question on the
motion to refer the bill, or I would yield with
pleasure to the gentleman.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The bill ought certainly
u> go to a committee.
Mr. SMITH, of.Oregon. I wish to be heard
before the motion is put-
Mr. IIOLMAN. 1 wish to call the attention
of the House to the fact that over ninety bills
have been introduced into this Congress Mnce
the session commenced making grants of thin
kind. Some of them will certainly fall in any
event. I trust in God that every ono of them
will fail. But if they should pass one hundred
million acres of the public domain will bt* ap-
propriated by them. This is the iirat of tiu se
bills, and I trust that it will not be passed, at
least without proper and fair consideration by
the appropriate committee. 1 trust, indeed,
that the very fact of this measure being brought
forward as the first of the series will arrest in
some degree public attention j for if there is
any well-settled public sentiment in this coun-
try on the subject of the public lands it is
against grants of the public domain to railroad
corporations. Now, unlessthegentlemanfrom
Oregon [Mr. Sairm] desires; to be heard fur-
ther I will move the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. [ wish to be heard
very briefly in reply to the gentleman. 1 do
not wish to occupy the time of the House long.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume I will have to
yield to the gentleman.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I thank the gen-
tleman for his courtesy. At this late hour of
1 ho day 1 will not intrude upon the time of the
House to make any lengthy reply to the argu-
ment of my friend from Indiana, [Mr. IIol-
max.] I wish to say this, however, most dis-
tinctly—and I call the attention of the House
to the statement—that the point which the gen-
tleman makes against this bill has no force
with reference to it. His argument might have
some weight 
Mr. IiOLMAN. I must interrupt the gen-
tleman to make a parliamentary inquiry of the
Chair. If this subject shall be pending when
the hour for taking a recess arrives, will it
come up to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. It will, as unfinished
b u§i ness.
Mr, 1NGERSOLL. When will it come up 1
Tho SPEAKER. Immediately after tho
reading of the Journal.
Mr. INGERSOLL. On Monday ?
The SPEAKER. To-morrow; the House
will hold a session to-morrow.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. As it is wear the
hour for tho recess I will give wayifitisdesired.
The hour of half past four o'clock having
arrived,theHousc, pursuautto previous order,
took a recess until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
At half past seven o'clock p. ra. the House,
ns in Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Wilson,
of Minnesota, in tho chair as Speaker pro tem-
pore,) resumed its session, and proceeded with
the consideration of tho President's annual
message.
Tlio SPEAKER jpro tempore. By order of
(he House the session of this evening is to bo
exclusively for debate as in Committee of tho
Whole upon the President's annual message.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. L.vwbb.nceJ is
entitled to Ihe floor.
Mr. LAWRENCE addressed Ihe House.
[Sec Appendix.]
N \ ft ON'A 1j l>k!'i:xsk OK'L'ltK t,AK!!s, v.tc.
M r. BENN E IT. Ill submitting for y our con-
sider.vtiou a substitute for the lull introduced
by mo in March, lSlj'J, it maybe necessary for
me to reviow the argument used in support of
that hill at some length. The progress of events
during the last year lias fully carried out the
ideas promulgated at, that time. Heretofore
the appeal for measures to cheapen and facili-
tate canal transportation has been founded
upon logical predictions of what would result if
they were neglected. Now those predictions
are finding their fulfillment so rapidly and in
so marked a manner that 110 man is ignorant
of the fact. The old dogmatic and complacent
assertion, that nothing need bo feared for the
canal; that it was good for the commerce of
fifty years yet; that all talk of an imminent
demand for larger capacity and cheaper navi-
gation wb3 idle nonsense and visionary foolish-
ness, 110 longer has to bo met. Events have
put it to silence, it is 110 longer necessary to
argue that, something must bo done in the
interest, of canal commerce, if the canal is not
to bo abandoned and laid away as an antiquated
and used-up relic of the past. So much is set-
tled now beyond controversy. The only ques-
tion that remains is whether we have really
done with the use of the Erie canal; whether
commerce does actually need it no'longer and
can afford to dispense with it among the agencies
of transportation?
There are a few who contend that such is tho
fact, gravely insisting that, in the progress of
the age, the time has arrived when the impa- !
tience of trade can be satisfied by no slower
carrier than tho railway, and when tho water
channels of the country are doomed by con
sequence to fall quickly into disuse. As yet,
however, this doctrine is pretty much confined
to men whose interests are identified with the
railroads, and whose views are governed by
their interests. Much as it may flatter the
vanity that is in the progressive spirit of the
age, the common sense of the people at large
rejects it They can see very plainly that they
owe the cheapness to which transportation by
rail has now been reduced to the necessity the
railroads are under of competing with water
routes. They cannot help seeing that the lakes
and t'ne canal are the conservators of cheap
rates, and as such can never be dispensed with,
no matter how entirely the railroads may be
made adequate to do the carrying business of
the country. Nor can they blind themselves to
the yet mure important and more obvious con-
sideration, that if it is possible to materially
reduce the cost of canal transportation, the
reduction accomplished will extend itself to
the railways as well, being so much compul-
sion put upon them to force the cheapening
yet further of their freight carriage.
It might be said ttet competition between tho
railway companies themselves may be trusted
to keep their freight charges down to the low-
est point attainable with profit, if we were not
warned by the portentous movements of coali-
tion and consolidation which have latterly set
in among these powerful corporations, that they
are gathering to themselves a power of monop-
oly and a unity of organization in which every
such antagonism will ultimately be suppressed,
and that nothing except competition from with-
out can be trusted to put a limit to their charges.
Jf the tendency to consolidation continues, as
it undoubtedly will, a few years hence will see
not only all the main lines of rail between the
Mississippi and the Atlantic but all the import-
ant branch and tributary roads brought under
tho ownership and control of a few gigantic
corporations, between whom it will then have
become as easy as it will be politic to establish
a commou league for the extortion of exorbi-
tant rates. To what oppression the extortions
of such a consolidated railway monopoly inev-
itably tends wo are still further warned by that
other movement of fictitious stock inflation
which goes h;nid in hand with the movement
of consolidation. Already the majority of
leading railways represent a nominal capital
swelled in volume to two or three time3 their
actual cost, and every new amalgamation of
companies which takes place is made the occa-
sion for a fresh dilution and expansion of tho
stock upon which dividends are to be earned.
Of course this inflation or piling up of purely
fictitious values is mere child's play and fool-
ishness if it is not done in preparation for the
future extortion of exorbitant earnings. I11
fact it signifies the intent and expectation wit.ii
which the plan of gathering the control of the
railway business of the country into a few united
hands is being carried on.
That such a monopoly power in railway man
agement with such ends in view is being estab-
lished no one can deny. Against its oppressive
consequences the commerce of the country has
no protection except that of the competition
of water channels, which cannot be monopo-
lized nor brought into combinations for the
extortion of excessive rates. If it allows these
public highways of traffic to fall into disuse—
to lose instead of to increase their capacity and
their efficiency by neglect of improvement, with
the consequence of discouraging and diminish-
ing the capital employed in transportation upon
them—it. will soon find itself helplessly at the
mercy of a merciless dictatorial power, with the
dream of an era of cheap railway freighting
rudely dispelled. Its only salvation is in per-
fecting to the utmost the water channels of
interior trade, cheapening their use to the last
degree, and maintaining them in a condition
to cany on the most effective competition pos-
sible.
Jf this view of the existing state and future
prospect of things commercially is right—and
who can dispute it?—is it less than insanity
to hesitate for a moment concerning the adop-
tion of measures which shall make the Erie
canal, in its connection with the great lakes,
once more a dominant competitor, dictating
rates of transportation far below the present,
and exercising, by virtue of a combination of
vast capacity, with perfect freedom, the power
to regulate transportation charges for all the
trade between West and East ? That it is not
now such a competitor is proven, as I have
said, to the understanding of everybody, by the
niagnitude of the movement of grain and sim-
ilar freights by rail, which began last year and
is growing enormously the present season. As
a consequence of the diversion large numbers
of boats have been laid up in idleness, and a
large amount of capital invested in canal trans-
portation is warned to withdraw itself and find
