S306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Mr. SUMNER. I have been told that with
two hundred feet width it will be an impossi-
bility there.
Mr. FENTON. I should think it would be
very difficult. The stream is very rapid there.
Mr. SHERMAN. We built a bridge of two
hundred and fifty feet, and then one of three
hundred feet, and both are now pronounced
to be uuisances on the Ohio ritfer; and the
Niagara river is a river much more important,
because the time will come when we shall get
around the Erie ounal, and get rid of going
through it and go around the falls.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are nuisances
because the span is now too narrow at three
hundred feet.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly it is; and the
later laws require four hundred feet.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Here it was proposed
to build one of two hundred feet in the first
place; but the committee have struck that
out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should certainly op-
pose any bill that would throw a bridge across
the Niagara river unless navigation was suffi-
ciently protected.
Mr. TRUMBULL- I think a four hundred
feet span ought to be required.
Mr. FENTON. I have sent for the statutes
of New York, but I find that the Library is
closed. The proviso and the bill recite sub-
stantially all that 13 important to the protec-
tion of the public in the passage of this bill.
I believe now, upon further reflection, that the
act of New York mentions the width of the
draw, the same as was provided in this bill
Jbefore the amendment was made by the com-
mittee, which is two hundred or two hundred
and fifty feet., I do not know that there is any
objection to haying it reinserted in the bill. I
am not authorized to consent to any width of
draw larger than that mentioned in the original
bill, for I think that is taken from the act I
referred to as passed by the Legislature of
New York in 1857.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
York remarked that they could not build a
bridge with a four hundred feet draw over the
Niagara river.
Mr. FENTON. I do not know that they
could.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not there as well
as on the Ohio or the Mississippi?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think I' must
insist on the regular order. This bill will evi-
dently lead to considerable debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine calls for the regular order. The
bill before the Senate will therefore be laid
aside, and the Senate will resume the consid-
eration of the legislative appropriation bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Before that is done I ask
the chairman of the committee to allow me to
offer a resolution ealling for papers from a
Department.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
anthony pollock's report.
Mr. SPRAGUE submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury fur-
nish for the use of the Senate a copy of a report
made by Anthony Pollock to the Secretary of the
Treasury, the last of 1863 or the beginning of 1864,
relating to the operations of the Bank of England
and the Bank of France.
amendments to appropriation bills.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the pending appropriation bill, House
bill No. 974, to be referred to the Committee
on Appropriations. This amendment-is re-
ported from the select Committee on the Rules.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be received and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
1169) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment for the year ending June 80,1871; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. SCHURZ submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
974) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1871; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 974) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1871.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment reported
by the Committee on Appropriations in rela-
tion to the Bureau of Education.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want to in-
quire what the exact question is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment reported
by the Committee on Appropriations, to strike
out from line eight hundred and nineteen to
eight hundred and twenty-six, inclusive, the
words in brackets, and to insert the words in
italics preceding the same, in the printed bill
in relation to the Bureau of Education.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understood
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] to
offer an amendment to the amendment of the
committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. He did not
offer any amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senate willnot concur with the Committee on
Appropriations in this amendment. If this is
the most proper subject for reduction that there
is in this bill it shows a very careful scrutiny on
the part of that committee. My impression is
most decidedly that a prejudice exists against
this appropriation in consequence of the way
in which the office has been filled heretofore.
We had a very worthy and most accomplished
gentleman as Commissioner, but his age was
so great that he could not show himself an effi-
cient, energetio executive officer, and for that
reason and no other the office is somewhat
under a shade. Now, that objection is re-
moved. We have a younger man, an efficient
man at the head of the bureau, one who has
already distinguished himself in Tennessee in
the administration of duties similar to those
which he will be called upon now to discharge.
We ought either to abolish the whole-thing and
not appropriate a dollar, for the small sum
that is proposed to be appropriated will be
entirely useless and thrown away, or else we
ought to appropriate enough to enable this
new officer to organize his forces-so as by the
next session or within a year to bring about
some results; I admit it is an experiment, but
it is an experiment that ought to be fairly and
honestly tried; and without appropriating
more than a sum sufficient to pay the salary
of a Commissioner and two clerks it obviously
cannot be done.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I was disposed
this afternoon at the time the recess was taken
to accede to the proposed appropriation meas-
uring the clerical force of this office; but now
I would first prefer to do in this appropriation
bill just what has been-done in all the appro-
priation bills with reference to the clerical force
in this department. It has been established
from the first, and subsequently increased or
diminished in appropriation bills; and there
was no more propriety in the appropriation act
in 1869 in reducing the clerical force than there
would be now in this act in increasing it. Now,
in order to get at the sense of the Senate with
regard to this bureau, I send to the Chair an
amendment to the amendment, to come in at
the end of the clause.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to insert after the word
"dollars," in line eight hundred aud twenty-
six, the following proviso:
Provided, That from and after the 30th day of
June, 1870, the clerical force in tho office of said Com-
missioner shall be as in this section authorized.
Mr. DRAKE. That amendment is offered
with the view aud hope that the Senate will
disagree to the amendment of the committee,
and will restore the clerical force to what it was
in the first instance and from which it was
reduced last year. The circumstances under
which the bureau is going on now are very dif-
ferent from what they were before. I think we
ought either to give this bureau a fair trial or
else abolish it altogether. If this amendment
should be adopted, then I hope the Senate will
reject the amendment offered by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment moved by the
Senator from Missouri to the amendment of
the Committee on Appropriations.
The question being put, it was declared that
the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for a division.
Mr. WILSON. Do not divide the Senate
now.
■ Mr. MORRTLL, of Maine. The Senate is
not very full at present.
Mr. SHERMAN. My own conviction is that
this is a useless and impracticable appropria-
tion. If it is intended for the benefit of edu-
cation—an object we all certainly ought to have
in view—it is totally insufficient. Every State
in this Union, I believe, now provides by its
constitution for common-school education. I
believe the common-school system is now in-
grafted on the policy of every State without
exception. Since the admission of the south-
ern States the system of common schools is
universal. What has the national Government
to do with it? Is it proposed to appropriate
money to carry out and sustain schools by the
national Government? In the State of Ohio we
have a fund which, I believe, now amounts to
three or four million dollars annually, securing
to every young person not only a common-
school education, but at his choice a pretty
good collegiate education in the higher classes
of schools. Nothing this Government can do
within the amount any one would propose to
appropriate could add to the benefits of the
system. The system has now become universal
in the States. If the States are good for anything
at all, if they are to have any powers whatever,
they must have the care and custody of their
children and the charge of the domestic rela-
tions of life. It seems to me we ought to leave
it with them. I would rather vote to abolish this
bureau ingrafted on us at the close of the war
as a kind of experiment. Suppose we appro-
priate this Bum.of money and organize a bureau
here with the Commissioner and half a dozen
clerks, what can they do ?
Mr. DRAKE. Only three clerks.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know; but what can
they do?
.Mr. DRAKE. If the honorable Senator
from Ohio will permit me, I think he was not
in his seat this afternoon when I read the sec-
tion of the act establishing the department in
the first place. It seems to me that that is
quite a sufficient answer to the remarks of
the gentleman; but I do not wish to interrupt
him.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was here and heard the
debate this afternoon, and I was here when
this bureau was organized. It was then called
an experiment, and it was an experiment that
utterly failed. What value is there now to the
books that have been published by the Bureau
of Education ? This expense is only an enter-
ing wedge. The cost of the publication of its
books, the various expenses that we have been
put to, of what good are they ? The schools
throughout the United States have their own
voluntary organization, just as different soci-
eties have. They have their modes of meeting
