1870.
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2363
other employment. Let this continue, and,
as the agencies and instrumentalities of canal
commerce diminish or even remain stationary,
a doable action operates to produce a geomet-
rical ratio of decline in the traffic and in the
commercial influence of the canal.
In submitting to your consideration a bill
which provides forthe contribution of aid from
the national Treasury to extinguish the canal
debt of the State of New York and the tolls
which are pledged to the payment of that debt,
and also to enable an enlargement of the car-
rying capacity of the Erie canal, I desire to
present as fully and as clearly as may be the
reasons which impel me to the introduction of
this measure and the facts which, as they appear
to my mind, call for it on grounds of the most
unquestionable expediency.
At the outset of my remarks, let me say that
I am as deeply impressed as any man among
the representatives of the people in this Con-
gress can be with the conviction that our pres-
ent circumstances as a nation, burdened as we
are with the enormous debt of an unparalleled
civil war and in the first stages of recovery
from its prostrating, destructive, and disturbing
effects, demand from us the most rigorous
economy of public expenditure, and that our
paramount duty here is to permit not one dollar
to be laid in taxes upon the people which a
wise and decent economy will spare them,
nor to add to the pecuniary responsibilities of
the nation one dollar that is cateulated to
depress its credit. I am sensible, as I trust
we all are in this body, that. Congress cannot,
without meriting and receiving the sternest
condemnation of the people, proceed any far-
ther in the habit of extravagance and reckless
munificence which it acquired, as an inevitable
consequence of familiarity with huge expend-
itures and with legislation for affairs upon a
gigantic scale during the war and the inflation
of things which a state of war produced ; and
the' most earnest determination I have is to
stand lirmly with those who will guard both
tue Treasury and the great landed estate of the
nation from plundering and profligate schemes
of subsidization, of territorial aggrandizement,
and of foolish governmental speculation.
THE TRUE PRINCIPLE OF PUBLIC ECONOMY.
But while I hold these views, it is with the
remembrance at the same time that all retrench-
ment is not economy. I come to the duties of
this place with the lessons of the experience of
a business man governing me, and I think I
cannot be wrong in believing that, so far at
least as concerns questions of fiscal or financial
policy, the principles that are sound in the
business of individual men are the very princi-
ples which ought to furnish determining rules
for the conduct of public affairs. Every ex-
penditure of public funds, upon public improve-
ments not directly connected with the perform-
ance of the established functions of government,
(suqh as measures of defense and of protection,
the latter embracing all works like those of the
improvementof harbors, designed to secure the
safety of commerce,) ought, as it appears to me,
to be regarded as identical in their nature with
the investments of private enterprise for the
improvement of property and the extension of
business. If the expenditures of a business
man in these directions are such as will pro-
duce an actual return ofprofit by the value they
develop then they are prudent and justifiable ;
if not such they are foolish and reprehensible.
So with the like undertakings of Government,
rigidly keeping in mind the fact that the only
return of profit of which a Government can take
account is that which shall be profit to the whole
neople whose interests it represents, namely,
so large an augmentation of production and
development of wealth that a lighter distribu-
tion of the burdens of taxation shall bo the clear
result.
It may be said that this principle is a vague
and indefinite one. difficult of application to
specific instances; and yet I think the_cases
are very rare where there can bo any hesitation
of judgment as to whether the results to accrue
from a proposed expenditure for creating a
railroad or a canal or a tunnel, or any other
agent of production or vehicle of exchange,
will be merely local in their profit, or national.
Unless every tax-payer in the nation is to par-
ticipate in thegain, the Government has no right
to expend a dollar of the money which it draws
from every tax-payer's pocket, and I doubt if
there need ever be a mistake of calculation",
upon that point. In this new country of ours,
where every generation since the century began
has watched the growth of an empire from its
beginning, first along the Atlantic coast, then
on the borders of the great interior lakes, then
in the broad valley of the Mississippi, and now
on the wide plains beyond, we have seen too
conspicuously shown the process by which
nature's resources are converted into man's
wealth to err much in marking the enterprises
that have been or that may be of national profit,
in the strictest business sense of the term.
Look where wo will, at whatever aspect of
the wonderful advance in settlement, civiliza-
tion, and prosperous society, we can trace all
the progress made back to one enabling cause,
and that is the opening of easy avenues for
transportation and traffic. Neither the fertility
of its soil, nor the useful abundance of its for-
ests, nor thestored-up riches of its mines could
ever have availed to people the interior of this
great continent for the next two centuries with
more than a rude and straggling population,
without that unlocking of its treasures for which
nature gave us the key in two grand systems of
water communication: one of them the con-
nected chain of mighty lakes which stretches
out east and west along the upper parallels of
temperate latitude ; the other our royal river,
the Mississippi, flowing more than two thousand
miles from north to south, stretching its wide
arms out 011 either side to lift from farm to city
and from city to farm, from mine to forge and
from forge to workshop the products of human
industry. Now the great enterprises of human
ingenuity and labor which in the largest de-
gree have wrought the marvelous acceleration
of national growth in the United States during
the last fifty years have clearly been those that
have extended the reach, perfected the con-
nection, and completed the utilization of these
grand arterial water systems. It is to them we
owe the immigration of nearly six millions of
foreign people to make homes among us. They
wrote the invitation of fortune upon our cheap
prairie lands and gave to the pioneer settler
those speculative anticipations that lured him
to the wilderness. For no far-away paradise,
however fertile its soil and rich its fruits, can
tempt men by the mere proffer of plentiful daily
food if there are none to buy its fruits, and no
prospect of the gain which humanity covets.
I s*ayt therefore, that the agencies which have
produced immigration from Europe, emigra-
tion from the Bast to the ever-receding new
West, the jieopling of our prairies, the clear-
ing of our forests, the building of a thousand
populous cities where there were desert and
wilderness when the century began, the birth
of State after State in our national family, the
prodigious accumulation of wealth and the
power that wealth, added to intelligence and
energy, gives this liepublic as a nation, are to
be found primarily in those undertakings of
public enterprise which have extended, per-
fected, and developed the great highways fur-
nished by nature for traffic and travel, over
the vast distances of the interior, and between
the mid regions of the continent and its coast.
We can put our fingers upou tliem and distin-
guish unerringly those which form a part of
the national system of commercial develop-
ment from those which are only tributary and
auxiliary; remembering that much as railroads
have contributed to the growth of the country,
and inestimable as their function is, they always
are and must be, save in rare, exceptional
cases, like that of the Pacific roads, second-
ary and supplementary agencies, which need
to be created by prior conditions o,f pcodac-,
tive industry ana commercial activity before
their creative energies can be called into..oper-
ation. It is impossible to conceive the exist-
ence of the magnificent network of railroad,
forty thousand miles in lineal extent, that
spreads over,our country, except as the result
of a, state of things which had its origin in the
commerce circulating through our lakes, rivers,
and canals.
EFFECTS WROUGHT BY THE XBIE CANAL.
As an illustration of the point which I desin-
to enforce let me point you to the effects, an
they appear in history, wrought by that very
work whose claims upon the nation I am urg-
ing—the Erie eanal. I believe that they fur-
nish the most conspicuous instance to be any-
where found of an investment of money yield-
ing profit to every citizen and every tax-payer
in the nation.
The Brie canal was opened to commerce in
1825. From the census of 1820, taken five
years before, we can gather some idea of the
state at that period of the regions afterward
affected by it.
THE NOETHWEST IN 1820.
If we draw a line from the Alleghanies west-
ward, midway between Lake Erie and the Ohio
river, we shall have (roughly defining the geo-
graphical fact) at the north of that line the
section of country commercially dependent on
the great chain of lakes, and at the south of it
the section of country to which commercial
access and intercourse are naturally furnished
by the Mississippi and Us main tributaries.
Now, if we examine the figures of the census
of 1820, we shall find the latter region—tire
region penetrated and traversed by the Missis-
sippi river system—already far advanced in
settlement and cultivation, while the former,
which embraces, we must remember, that grand
arena of "the Northwest" in which the spec-
tacle of the energies of American civilisation
has been most wonderfully exhibited to the
world since, liad scarcely begun as yet to feel
the invading tread of the pioneer. We find in
the State of Ohio a population of 581,295,
more than four-fifths of it south of the bisecting
line which we have drawn,* fringing the Ohio
river from Steubenville to Cincinnati with
thriving farms and rising cities. We find in
Indiana a population of 147,178, even more
condensed within one third of the area of the
State at its southern extreme. We find Ken-
tucky already peopled with hardy settlers to the
number of 564,ol7, who had literally fought
their way into the " dark and bloody ground,"
contending inch by inch with a savage and in-
domitable foe. We find in Tennessee a nearly
equal population of 422,813. We find Missis-
sippi returning the goodly number of 75,148
inhabitants, and even Arkansas counting no
less than 14,273.
On the other side what do we find? In
Michigan a mere handful of settlers, number-
*;'T!ie following tables show tlio comparison of pop -
ulation in the northern half and southern half of
the State of Ohio in the years 1S20,1830, and 1840.
J?rom 1S23 to 1840 the population of the northern
half multiplied more than fivefold. In the same
period that of the southern half justdoubled. Five
years before the opening of the Eriecanal tho popu-
lation of the northern section was less than one
fourth as great as that of the southern; fifteen years
after the opening of the Erie canal ic considerably
exceeded one half:
Southern Half.
1820. 1830. 18-10.
Adams  10,406 12,278 13,183
Athens  6,312 9,763 in'om
Belmont  2ff,329 23,412 30,901
Brown  13,358 ^'§97 oq'it!
Butler  21,740 27,04-, ~|,1M
§3®::::z:rrE ISJ iw? |:1|
Columbiana  ffff? 2l'ViO
Coshocton  |,0Sb U.lg 21,JO
Carried jfor ward.. ..154,541 216,722 oQl,92i
