1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5195
reports upon that case have been made by the
Committee of Elections, a majority report and
a minority report. The majority report recom-
mends that he be allowed to take a seat in this
House upon the passage of a joint resolution
authorizing such additional member from the
State of Tennessee. That report is now the
oldest 011 the files of this House, not having yet
been acted upon. I now desire to give notice
that immediately after the disposal of the case
which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Brooks] now proposes to call up I wish to call
up that case for action. The case is now in my
charge, the member from North Carolina, (Mr.
Heaton.) who made the report, having died.
Mr. PAINE. Inasmuch as the case referred
to by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cessna] is not strictly a question of privilege,
but merely one involving proposed legislation
by Congress, I shall be compelled to bring
before the House, in preference to that, ques-
tions of privilege involving the claims of per-
sons to seats in this House under laws now in
force.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I now
call up the case of Tucker vs. Booker.
Mr. 1100T8. I raise the question of con-
sideration. The gentlemen of the Elections
Committee have given us pretty plainly to
understand that they 
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I believe
I have the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Arkansas [Mr. Roots] raises a priv-
ileged question, the question of consideration.
Will the House now proceed to the consider-
ation of the election case indicated by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts; [Mr. Brooks?]
Mr. ROOTS. And pending that question, I
move that the House now proceed to the con-
sideration of business 011 the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion
is not now in order.
Mr. PAINE. I raise the point of order that
it is too late to raise the question of consider-
ation 011 the case of Tucker vs. Booker.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
thinks it is not too late, as no discussion has
been had upon the case. The question of con-
sideration will be submitted to the House.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I claim
that I am entitled to the floor for one hour,
having called up the case.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. When the
question of consideration is raised it must be
submitted to the House at once; otherwise,
any gentleman who could obtain the floor to
call up any question could hold it for an hour
before the House could determine whether it
would consider the question at that time or
not. The rule upon the subject is very clear.
The only question is whether any debate has
occurred 011 the case. The Chair has heard
none, and will therefore be compelled to sub-
mit, to the House the question of consideration
at this time.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say that I propose to call the previous ques-
tion on this case at once, so that but one hour
will be consumed in its consideration.
Mr. ROOTS. That is, one hour of discus-
sion, and an indefinite time for voting.
The question was then taken upon the ques-
tion of consideration ; and it was agreed to.
KMiOTION CONTEST TUCKER VS. BOOKER.
The House then proceeded to the consider-
ation of the contested-election case of George
'J'ucker vs. George W. Booker, from the fourth
congressional district of the State of Virginia.
The icsolution reported by the Committee
of Elections was as follows :
h'aohed. That. Hon. George "W. Booker is entitled
to i etain his seat as a member of this Congress trom
the fourth district of the State of Yiigiuia.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. By direc-
tion of the committee I move toamend the
resolution by adding thereto the following :
llfsolre'l, Thsit (here he paid to George Tucker, out
of the eouiuigenti^nd of the liouce ot Itepresent-
atives, the sum of $2,000, in full for his expenses in
such contest.
I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. The elec-
tion returns, Mr. Speaker, from the fourth con-
gressional district of the State of Virginia show
that George W. Booker was elected Represent-
ative by a plurality of 3,533 votes over George
Tucker, the contestant. But the right of Mr.
Booker to a seat in this House is contested on
the ground that he is ineligible under the third
section of the fourteenth article of the amend-
ments to the Constitution, and that he is unable
to take the oath prescribed by the act approved
July 2, 1862, commonly known as the "test-
oath" or the "iron-clad oath." I will state as
briefly as possible the facts which have been
proved touching the allegations that have been
made.
It appears by the records of the county court
for the county of Henry, in the State of Vir-
ginia, that Mr. Booker was in 1856 elected a
justice of the peace for the county of IIe.nry
for the term of four years. He performed the
duties of the office for that term, and in the
summer of I860 was reelected to the office.
On both those occasions he took the oath
required by the constitution and laws of the
State of Virginia, and also took the oath to
support the Constitution of the United States.
In 1860 he was chosen presiding justice of
the county court—a court which, I will say
in passing, resembles very much the board of
county commissioners in my State, and the
court of quarter sessions in other States ; a
court that has general jurisdiction and super-
vision of the internal aifairs of the county, the
roads and everything of that sort. Mr. Booker
was chosen presiding justice of that court, and
performed the duties of the position up to 1861.
In January, 1801, an act was passed by the
General Assembly of the State of Virginia,
authorizing the county courts to arm the mili-
tia of the State, and prescribing certain other
duties to be performed by those courts. In
May, 186], at ameetingofthejustices of Henry
county, it was voted to arm the militia; and
the court then assembled passed an act levy-
ing a tax of §10,000 upon the citizens of that
county for that purpose. Mr. Booker was a
justice at that time and acted at that court.
Again, in 1801, in the month of July, the
court appointed a certain person to visit the
troops in the State; and at one or two other
times the court appointed some of their justices
to make such visits. On one of these occa-
sions Mr. Booker was selected. He went to
discharge that duty and made his report in
writing, which is incorporated in the report of
the committee. He went to where the con-
federate troops were and found out what they
needed in clothing and other supplies. At
another time, still later, he did the same thing,
although no report was made so far as appears
from the records of the county court or any
other. He did sundry other things which had
a tendency, so far as appears upon the face of
the facts themselves, to show that he was giving
aid and assistance to the confederate States
and the rebellion.
In 1864 he was again elected a justice of the
peace, and again accepted the position ; and
I suppose—I do not know that it is denied by
Mr. Booker—he took the oath of fidelity to
the confederate States. It is also in evidence
here that in May, 1861, he voted to accept the
ordinance of secession.
These are the charges which have been made
against him, and the committee find them to
be substantially true. But it is contended on
behalf of Sir. Booker that notwithstanding he
performed these acts, which apparently and
upon their face gave aid and comfort to the
enemy, he was prior to the war, and from its
commencement down to the present time, a
thorough Union man. He states that prior to
the war he was opposed to secession ; that lie
openly and boldly, in private and in public,
stated his position; that lie was, heart and
soul, opposed to secession. He claims that
whatever acts he performed seeming to favor
the rebellion were done by virtue of his office
as presiding justice of that court. And he-
says this farther in his defense, that when
the war broke out, when the first gun was
fired on Fort Sumter, and when it was found
there had to be an open armed collision be-
tween the northern States and the southern
States, like a flash of lightning the whole State
of Virginia was filled by rebel troops, and he
said the excitement which arose at that time
we cannot fully comprehend. He states if at
that time he had done any act indicating that
he was opposed to secession; if, in fact, he had
resigned his office of justice of the peace for
the county ; if he had done any act which" went
to show that he was in favor of the Union, his
life would be in danger. In 1864, at the time
he held the office of justice of the peace, he
was within the military age of conscription,
and the fact of his being one of the justices of
the peace for the Ridgeway district,, in the
county of Henry, was one of the means by
which he saved himself from conscription;
and it was deemed best by those opposed to
secession that as many Union men as possible
should hold these offices for the purpose of
protecting Union men.
These are the claims he makes, and the com-
mittee unanimously find that they are made out
by the testimony introduced in the case, by the
testimony introduced on one side or the other.
We find the testimony introduced is that of
gentlemen of apparentrespectability and stand-
ing in Virginia, men who have held offices of
honor and trust in that State. They came here
and said they knew Mr. Booker and his polit-
ical opinions; that his political opinions were
well known in the county and district where he
lived ; that he was known to be a loyal Union
man who had no sympathy with the rebellion.
They corroborate the case he makes out about
the great excitement at the time. They say
that it would not have done for him to have
done any act indicating that he was in favor of
the Federal Government, because if he had
done so his life would have been in danger,
and further than that it was notenough for him
to remain passive, it was not enough for him to
sajr he knew nothing about it; but if he had
taken part by resigning his office of justice of
the peace it would have been construed as an
act in favor of the Federal Government.
They say that the time was one of great
excitement, and that the state of the public
opinion was such in the locality where Mr.
Booker lived that to have resigned or to have
refused to perform the duties of his office, Or to
have done any act indicating that he was opposed
to secession or was a sympathizer with the Uni-
ted States, would have subjected him to per-
sonal violence. Some of the witnesses say that
lie was so well known to be a Union man that
prior to the breaking out of the rebellion the
mob did appear and were going to hang him
because he was suspected of having Union pro-
clivities. Under these circumstances the com-
mittee have reported that he was a loyal man,
and we say, having proved that fact conclu-
sively, having proved that whatever he did he
did under duress, he does not come within the
provisions ofthe third section of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, which is as follows :
"No person shall be a Senator or Representative in
Congress or elector of President or Vice President,
or hold any office, civil or military, under the United
States or under any State who, having previously
ta ken an oath as a member of Congress or as an officer
of the United States, or as a member of any Slate
Legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of
any State, to suppoit the Constitution of the United
States, shall have engaged in insurrection or rebel-
lion against the same or given aid and comfort to the
enemies thereof; but Congress may, by a vote of two
thirds of each House, remove such disability."
Mr. MAYNARD. Will thegentlemaii allow
me to ask lam a question?
