142D
THB CON&RESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
post routes, without legislation, as the Chair
understands.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is no. other legisla-
tion in the bill.
The amendments were agreed toj
Mr. RAMSEY. I am instructed to move
some further amendments.
Mr. CASSERLY. ■ I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the committee who has this
bill in charge whether either m the original
bill or in the amendments there is the post
route for which the Legislature of California
memorialized Congress the other day, the
memorial having been printed and referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Sir. RA.MSEY. It is in, I believe. -On
pages 2 and 8 the Senator wili find the Cali-
fornia routes.
Now, the.'Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads instruct me to tnQve certain other
amendments. Some of the routesin the bill
are duplicated routes, and after examination
by the Department, finding them, to be such,
we move to strike them out so aanotto repeat
them perpetually. I move first to strike oht
line twenty-six of the second page, in the Cal-
ifornia fot, in the words " from Sati Diego to
ban Bernardino."
: The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. 11AMSEY. I move to strike out the
thirty-fourth line, "from Chate to Round Val-
ley," in tfie California list.
The amendment was agreed to..
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to,strike out.the
fifty-second line, on page 3, in ties words "from
North Oraiiby to Granville, in Massachusetts."
That is in the Connecticut list.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. After the fifty-fourth line I
move to add: ;
Dakota; * + -
Frqm Fort Abercromhie, via Fort Ransom, to Fort
Stevenson.
From Fort AbeMcrtot&bie to Fo*tTott«n.
The amendment wag &greed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. In the si'xiiy-Crst and sixty-
second lines, on the third page, in the Florida
list,. 1 move to strike out " from New Troy, via
Cedar Keys, to dear Water Harbor."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. " Dakota".and the routes
wider that head, on page 4, should be trans-
ferred, to. the proper place alphabetically.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That change will
Mr.. RAMSEY, jn thaseveaty-aixth line,
on page 4, in the Illinois list, I iaova to add
" via Princeton" after the word " Edwards-
ville ;" so as to read, " from Edwardsville, via
Princeton, to Bunker Hill."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY! I move1 to strike out line
eighty-three, on page 4, mthelndiana list, as
follows} w from Royal Center; via Big Indian,
to Fulton."
The amendment w&a agreed to.
. Mr., RAMSEY. On page 5:, line ninety,
in the Indiana. lift, I-move to strike out the
words " Princeton to Winston" and to insert
" Oakland City to Winslow ;"so that it will read,
"from Oakland City to Winslow."
The amendment was agreed tq.
Jfr. RAMSEY. I move to strike out lines
ninety-six, ninety-seven, and ninety-eight, in
tbe lowaliflt, aa follows:
From Oarxoil.via Grant City and Sac City, to Storm
romStorm Lake' tolSpirit Lake. -
The amend meat was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY- In line <w)e hnndred, in th£
Iowa Ustr I mo-ve to add the word "to " alter
Newton, and Strike out " via}" so as to read,
" from Newton to Clyde.''
The amendpieat was agreed to.
• Mr. RAMSfiY. In line one hundred and
stve&j on page 6, i move to strike out of the
Kentucky list "from MadisooviHe to Prince-
ton."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. On page 7, under the head
of " Kansas," after the one hundred,and fifty-
first line, f move to add:
From Atchison, via Doniphan,Troy, Highland, and
Iowa Point; to WhiteOloud.
From Doniphan, via, dear; City and Palermo, to
W&tUe&L&>,
From Atchison, via Syracuse, Womanville, and
Claytonville, to Hiawatha.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to strike out on page
7, in the Maine list, lines one hundred and fifty-
eight, one hundred and fifty-nine, and one hun-
dred and sixty, as follows :
From Strong, via Freemantown Hou3®  to Salem.
From Newport to Corrinna,
And to insert: . ,
From Mount Deseret, via Seal Cove and Fremont,
to Southwest Harbor."
The amendment was agreed, to.
Mr. RAMSEY. On page 8, in the Mich-
igan list, I move to strike out, in line one hun-
dred and sixty-five, "Donglen" and insert
" Douglas."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to strike out line
one hundred and sixty-seven, in the same list,
"from Battle Creek to Nashville."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. On page 91 move to insert
after line two hundred and nine, in the Minne-
sota list:
From Guilford to Moscow.
From Redwood Falls, viaBeavcr Falls, to Woldon.
. The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. On page 10, in the Minne-
sota list, I move to strike out lines two hundred
and ten, two hundred and eleven, and two huQ-
dred and twelve, as follows :
From Fort Abercrombie, via Fort Ransom, to Fort
Stevenson.
From Fort.Abercrambie to Fort Xotten.-
Theamendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. On the same page I move
to strikeout, in the Missouri list, from line two
hundred and twenty-six to line two hundred and
thirty-three inclusive, as follows:
"From Clinton, via GermantoWn,- Hudson, Prairie
City, Papinsville, and Bejvoir, to Nevada City.
From Iron Mountain to Salem.
From Roll*., via Eidge Koad, to Houston.
From St. Louis to. Fenton.
From Osceola, via Johnson City, Hudson, Pleasant
Gap, Butler, and WestPoin t, to Kofik villa in Kansas.
From Butler, via Johnstown, to Clinton.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. On the eleventh page, after
the two hundredth and forty-eighth'line, under
the head of "Nebraska," I move to insert:
From Norfolk to Niobrara.
From Beatrice to Jenkins's Mills.
from Beatrice, via Meridian, to Hebron,
rom Weft Point to Poneee. . . ;
. The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to strike out, in the
Nevada list, lines two hundred and fifty-six
and two hundred and fifty-seven, as follows:
Frpm Martin to Egan.
Front Martin to Grant District.
The amendment was agreed to.
. Mr. RAMSEY. On page J2, in line two hun-
dred and sixty-four, "Leesburg" should read
" Leasburg," in the North Carolina list.
The VICE PRESIDENT.; That correction
will be made.
Mr. RAMSEY". After line two hundred and
eighty-one I move to insert, in the Oregon list,
"from Jacobs's, via Macomb's, Weber, and
Crab tree, to California."
The amendment was agreed to.
. Mr. RAMSEY, On page 13,1 move to strike
out line two hundred and eighty-seven, in the
Oregon list, " from Dalles City to Ooheco."
The amendment was agreed, to.
Mr. RAMSEY. In line three hundred and
four I move to strike out the from Jolley-
totrn, in the Pennsylvania list.
Mr. POMERO Y. I think it is not necessary
for the chairman of the committee to go over
all these amendments. He can put them all
in by consent. They are mostly verbal correc-
tions of spelling.
' Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
Tbe VICE PRESIDENT. Such amend-
ments will be regarded as agreed to without
being formally offered.
Mr. RAMSEY. On page 13, after line three
hundred and nine, in the Pennsylvania list, I
move to insert: " From West Binghamton, via
Turner Creek and Bingham, to Springville."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to strike out line
three hundred and forty-two, on page 15, under
the head of "Virginia," " From Martinsville
to Madison, in North Carolina."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move also to strike out
the word " Virginia," in the three hundred and
forty-first line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wish now to get back to
the second page of the bill. After the eight-
eenth line, I move to insert in the Arkansas
list: " From Dallas, via Hamilton, Ocea,
and Nashville, to Washington, in Hempstead
county, Arkansas." There are other routes
which I will send to the Clerk to be inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. On page 5, after line one
hundred and three, under the head of '1 Iowa,''
I move to insert: " From Manchester to Mon-
ticello, via Milo, Golden Prairie, Hazel Green,
Uniontown, Brick Creek, Iron Creek, and
Downeyville."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. On page 4, after line eighty-
three of the bill, I move to insert in the In-
diana list: "From Delphi, by way of Pitts-
burg, Camden, Lockport, and Burnettsville, to
Logansport."
The amendment was agreed, to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to make some
verbal corrections in the Oregon list. In line
two hundred and eighty-eight, onpage 13,
"Lygh" Valley should be " Pyg^' Valley.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made.
Mr. WILLIAMS. . In line three hundred,
" Winnemucca" should be inserted instead of
" Winunucca."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to.strike out line
two hundred and ninety-foir,- as follows:
"From Salem, via Lineolij, Yen a., Bethel, to
Sheridan." That is unnecessary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I more to amend by add-
ing after line three hundred and two, " From
Portland to Netart's Ba/*" I have a petition
of the citizens asking for this route, which I
have just received, so that I have had no time
to have it referred to the committee. It does
not add anything, but simply changes a route
from Portland to Netart's Bay.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed. and the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. THAYER. I have two or three cor-
rections to make. On page 7 there are four
routes under the head of Kansas which belong
in the State of Nebraska. They are lines one
hundred and forty-eight, onehundred and forty-
nine, one hundred and fifty, and one hundred
and fifty-one. They should come in on page'
11, after line two hundred and forty-eight.
They should be transferred, or I make the
motion to transfer. They are—-
From Centraville to Niobrarab. .
From Beatrice to Jenkins's Mills. „
From Beatrice, via Meridian, to Hebron.
From West Point to Poneee, lft UeWHMka. -
