108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
the changes in population, the movements of
the people, will swell somedistricts, while others
may fall off.
It is suggested that they do not have a con-
gressional election every six months; bat we
are doing that by which the argument of in-
equality will very soon be removed. And what
is to be done with the States whicli shall lose ?
for I am told that there are some States which
will not hold their present representation.
Gentlemen will have a ready answer to that by
saying, " We will increase the number of mem-
bers so much that no State will lose." That
is a question for grave consideration hereafter.
There are two opinions as to whether we should
largely increase the number of Representatives,
and I have no idea of our deciding between
them in this incidental way. There was a fair,
straightforward understanding between all the
people of the country, as there always has been
each decade, that the apportionment made by
the Legislatures in 1861 was for ten years for
congressional purposes. I think it would be
a breach of that understanding to change it
now. It would involve a great deal of ex-
pense, and the result would be an apportion-
ment that would not be satisfactory to the peo-
ple of the different States when it would be
made, because it would be made hurriedly and
imperfectly.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. HOAll. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. CULLOM. 1 renew it. It seems to me
that if there is any one question that is vital to
this country it is the question of representation.
Destroy the right of the people to representa-
tion and you destroy the very foundation ofthe
Government.
I am surprised to hear a gentleman upon this
floor announce that while his district had now
two men where one would be necessary under
(he present apportionment he was, nevertheless,
opposed to having a reapportionment made as
soon as it ean be made under the laws of the
country. We are not proposing to do anything
revolutionary in this matter; we are not pro-
posing to do anything unconstitutional or un-
lawful; but we are proposing, according to
the spirit of the Constitution, just as soon as
we have the ability to do it, to give to the peo-
ple of this country that full representation
which by the Constitution it was intended to
guaranty to them.
There must be something underneath all this
opposition to an amendment which is designed
to secure that those portions of the country
where the population has increased may be
entitled to their increased representation. It
is true, I suppose, that some portions of the
country will not gain anything by a reappor-
tionment. It is true also, I suppose, that some
other portions of the countiy will gain some-
thing in their rate of representation upon this
lloor. The census of 1800 shows that the six
liule New England States had a population
of little over three million people, while the
States of Indiana, Illinois, and Kansas had
about the same amount of population. The
Sew England States got twenty-seven mem-
bers upon this floor, wnile those three western
States which I have named had twenty-six;
and 1 undertake to say that if a new appor-
tionment could be U{,\v made those three S ates
would gain eight new membeis having a light
io seats upon this floor. Well, I believe it is
ndmitted that the six New England States
would perhaps gain nothing ; and that, on the
contrary, unless we provided a number of
members sufficiently great, say three hundred,
those New England States would lose some
of their representation. I am willing, so far as
J am concerned, to make the number of mem-
bers of this House greatei-, so that those States
cannot lose. But while I am willing to do that,
I insist that it is the duty of the Congress so to
legislate that those portions of the country
where the population has increased shall have
the benefit of their increased representation
upon this floor just as soon as it can be obtained.
No other principle is in accordance with the
spirit and the letter of the Constitution itself.
And, sir, there are questions involved in legis-
lation to-day which give the West the right, and
which make it their duty to demand that they
shall have their full representation here just
as soon as under the Constitution and laws of
the country they can receive it. I withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. CLARKE. I renew the amendment
just withdrawn by the gentleman from Illinois.
It seems to me that this is a simple proposi-
tion to provide for the proper and equal rep-
resentation upon this floor of all the people of
the United States under the Constitution. After
listening as I have done to this debate thus far,
and the various suggestions which have been
made on the one side and the other, I have
no sort of difficulty in my own mind with ref-
erence to the constitutional objection; and
least of all have I any difficulty in reference to
the so-called constitutional objection suggested
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hoar.] As I understand the proposed amend-
ment, it simply makes it the duty of the Secre-
tary of the Interior to reckon up the returns
made by the enumerators to the Superintend-
ent of the Census under the provisions of this
bill, and make proclamation of the same either
to the President or to the Governors of the sev-
eral States. I cannot conceive how under any
circumstances this can have anything to do
with the Constitution of the United States. It
is simply the performance of a duty under the
direction of the Congress of the United States
if this bill shall pass into a law.
Now, as I said at the outset, it seems to me
that this is only to provide for equal and proper
representation of all the people of the United
States, under and in accordance with the pro-
visions of the Constitution. I have not thus
far participated much in this debate ; but con-
sidering the fact that I have the honor to repre-
sent upon this floor a State which was admitted
just at the commencement of the decade, a
State which from a population of one hundred
and six thousand in 18G0has increased to neaily
half a million, I think it my duty to say some-
thing in favor of this proposition. 1 am heartily
and sincerely in favor of it, because I believe
it due to the six million people of this country
who have been added to our representative
population under the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments. We should recognize the new
order of things which has been produced by
the rebellion and the amendments to the Con-
stitution, and instead of denying to those six
million people the light to representation in
| this House, to asvard to them that right which
j they clearly possess under the Constitution of
the United States. In my view this is not a
question simply for the West or for anj' other
particular section of this country, but one, as
1 said before, whether we will deny to six mil-
lions of our population the right to full and
equal representation here upon this lloor. Sir,
iny own State has a deep interest in this ques-
tion. She has a population made up from all
the States ofthe Federal Union—a population
of nearly or quite half a million ; and if three
years more are allowed to pass away without a
new apportionment she will by the end of that
time have a population of eight hundred thou-
sand or perhaps a million largely unrepresented
here, where matters are being discussed and
questions decided in which the people of a new
and growing State have a deep and vital interest.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALDEMAN. At the proper time,
which I supposed would be when section twen ty-
four should be under consideration, it was my
intention to do justice to the great, the grow-
ing, the giant and the generous West, which
has suffered more than any other section from
the financial system now in force, whether
of tariff, whether of banking and currencv, or
of internal taxation, and has complaincd less.
But, Mr. Chairman, I would submit that this
is not the time for the West to rectify her
wrongs. I do not see that this is practicable;
I do not see lhat it is constitutional. From
1790 until 1860 every apportionment was made
by the House of Representatives, with the con-
currence of the Senate, Upon censuses fur-
nished to them. Each House is the judge of
the returns and qualifications of its members,
so that I cannot conceive of a more centraliz-
ing and more monstrous proposition than to
undertake to put into the hands of one man,
no matter who he maybe, the power to fix the
apportionment of the members of this Hous-e.
It has been well said by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Judd] that this is a vast and all-
interesting subject. It will be found to be
vaster and more exciting before this debate is
done. It is asserted thatafterthe elections the
House will still have the power to revise the
calculations of the secretary or Superintend-
ent of the Census, and if necessary correct the
apportionm ent. Does that mean yoa can refuse
members-elect their seats should the State have
received too large an apportionment ? But I
can tell gentlemen that though members may
be sent back to the South, yet you cannot after
the election correct any apportionment made
by the Secretary of the Interior and send
legally elected members back to their constit-
uents. Congress must apportion the members
previous to the districting of the States. You
dare not, you cannot undertake to centralize
into the hands of one man, even the President
of the United States, authority over this funda-
mental question.
Mr. COBURN. I think the gentleman from
Pennsylvania who has just taken his seat totally
misunderstands the effect of this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CLARKE. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. COBURN. I renew it.
The CHAIRMAN.' The Chair holds that
inasmuch as the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Judd] proposes to amend
that portion of the text of the original section
which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Co-
iiuits] proposes to strike out, the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd] takes
precedence, and the pending question is dn the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to say but a word
or two in answer to the argument of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Haldemax.]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
propose an amendment to the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois ?
Mr. COBURN. I move to strike out the
last word. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
seems to think that it is proposed to intrust
an unlimited and dangerous power in the
hands of the Secretary of the Interior, and the
gentleman^from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
took the same ground as if the apportionment
would be made entirely by a ministerial officer.
Nothing of that kind is contemplated. He
merely makes an estimate of the result of the
enumeration, and certifies it to the Presi-
dent, who issues his proclamation, and upon
that, the elections having been held, mem-
bers of Congress come here, if any States gain
additional members and submit their certifi-
cates of election to the Forty-Second Congress,
who are the judges of the qualifications and
election of these additional members. It is
a matter which is always submitted to the
arbitrament of Congress.
_ By no possibility can the dangerous and ter-
rible and awful power spoken of by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] and
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
be intrusted to the Secretary of the Interior.
He does no more than work out a sum in sim-
ple division, certify it to the President, and ha
proclaims it to the people. Then the people, in
their sovereign capacity, after that announce-
ment, make their choice of Congressmen, who
