1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109*
.come up here and apply for seats in this House.
Now, it there is any mistake, any wrong calcu-
lation in that matter, then it is submitted to
Congress under f,he last clause of my amend-
ment. If the men- claiming seats are wrongly
elected, or if there- is any miscalculation in the
statement of the Secretary of the Interior, it
can be investigated and corrected by Congress
itself.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. COBURN. Certainly.
Mr. HOAR. _ .Suppose the Secretary of the
Interior disqualifies a certain number of persons
in Massachusetts by his interpretation of the
fourteenth amendment thereupon, when the
members of Congress come here this House
determines^ that the Secretary of the Interior
was wrong in his decision and rejects or admits
the member from Massachusetts elected under
the Secretary's statement; will not that change
the ratio of representation of every State of this
Union by an act of this House ?
Mr. COBURN. Such a thing as that is not
to be presumed.
Mr. HOAR. Why not?
Mr. COBURN. It is not worth considering
in an argument of this kind. It is to be pre-
sumed that the Secretary of the Interior is a
man of common sense.
[Here the hammer fell.}
Mr. ALLISON. I oppose the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Cobubn]
for the purpose of saying a few words more
upon this question. If I understand the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Woodward,] he insists that we have not
the constitutional power to make this change.
If I understood him correctly, the constitu-
tional prohibition is in the second section of
the first artieleof the Constitution. Now, had
not that objection been made by a gentleman
so eminent at the bar and upon the bench
I should not fora single moment have deemed
it worthy of consideration. I submit that the
practice of the Government, as well as the
construction of that provision, is against the
position the gentleman has taken.
It is true we have hitherto made this appor-
tionment once in ten years ; but will the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward J
claim that it is not within the power of Con-
gress this day to add to the representation of
the State of Iowa, for instance, one, two, or
three Representatives, if in the judgment of
Congress Iowa is entitled to one, two, or three
additional Representatives? In 1802, after an
animated contest and a long debate, Iowa was
one of the States that had their representation
increased by the addition of one member upou
this floor. The apportionment under the law
of 1850 entitled Iowa to only three members.
Yet a positive law of Congress, read by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.] not
for the purpose indicated by me, provided that
eight States should each have added to then-
respective representation one member of Con-
gress ; therefore it is in the power of this Con-
gress to-day to say that Iowa shall have three
additional Representatives upon this floor.
The objection stated by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] is not to the ma-
chinery of this bill, but to the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States,
if the objection' has any applicability at all.
Does the gentleman from Massachusetts sup-
pose that after this enumeration has been taken
this House of Representatives will come here
and decide all these minor questions and say
that a citizen who has lived in Massachusetts
for sixty days only was improperly counted in
the enumeration for representation, and that
the citizen who had lived in Iowa for six months
was properly counted ?
Mr. HOAR. If a wrong rule has been
adopted Congress will correct it.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. BfiCK. Will the gentleman from Iowa
permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. ALLISON. I yield to the gentleman
for a question.
Mr. BECK. I can see how this matter might
be regulated in cases where there had been an
increase of the population of a State; but sup-
pose a State now entitled to ten Representatives
should, under the new enumeration, be found
to be entitled to only eight, and suppose the
State should next November elect members of
Congress under the old districting, how would
that matter be regulated ?
Mr. ALLISON. I will answer that ques-
tion ; but I wish first to conclude what I have
to say in reference to the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] suggests, "If a
wrong rule of apportionment has been adopted
Congress will correct it." This bill provides
the rule of apportionment, and gives proper
directions to the Secretary of the Interior; or
if it does not now do so sufficiently it ought
to be amended so that it shall do so. Under
this rule of apportionment those who are ex-
cluded and those who are included ought to
be defined so clearly that the Secretary of the
Interior cannot err, for he is obliged to give
at the outstart his instructions to the enumer-
ators, and they are to show in their enumera-
tion the number of persons who are excluded
from the right of voting, and the number of
persons, male citizens over twenty-one years
of age, who arc entitled to vote in the several
States. In this respect there can be no objec-
tion at all to this proposition. The defect, if
there bo any, is in the bill now before the
House. Is it possible that we are going to
leave so grave a question open for the decis-
ion of the Secretary of the Interior or for the
decision of the Houso of Representatives in
1873 or at any future time? It is a question
that must be decided in the very beginning in
order that the enumerators and the district
superintendents and the Superintendent of the
Census may know what persons to return, and
whether they are within the prohibition of the
fourteenth constitutional amendment.
Now, in reply to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. liKuic,] I will say that, as a matter
of course, if this provision be adopted it will
involve the necessity of another provision—a
provision that the number of Representatives
on this floor shall be increased so that under
the apportionment of 3870 no State ■will have
its representation reduced, and that any addi-
tional number of Representatives apportioned
to a State will bo elected from the State at
large.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In order that
debate may be closed on this section I move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, pursuant to order, had had under
consideration House bill No. *121, to provide
for taking the ninth census of the United
States, and to fix the number of members of
the House of Representatives and to provide for
their future apportionment among the several
States, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise for the
purpose of moving that all debate be closed
on the pending section and the amendments
thereto. I desire also to ask the House to give
me authority to move in Committee of the
Whole that the next three sections of the bill
be stricken out. My object is—and I hope the
House will sanction it—to take out of this bill
the whole subject of apportionment, which can
be arranged hereafter in a separate bill, allow-
ing this bill to stand on its own merits. I ask
unanimous consent that this arrangement may
be made.
Mr. BINGHAM. _ I hone_ the House will
agree to no such thing. This subject is em-
braced in the bill as reported, and I hope the
question will be settled now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will, if neceS'
sary, move to suspend the rules; but I think
when my proposition has been stated to the
House there will be no objection to it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
asks unanimous consent to make in Committee
of the Whole a motion to strike out by one vote
three sections of this bill. Such a motion can
only be authorized by unanimous consent or by
a suspension of the rules.
Mr. JUDD. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 86, noes 71.
indian service.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of
the Interior, transmitting tabular statements of
disbursements of the superintendent and agents
on account of the Indian service for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1869; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
virginia con tested-election case.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House papers in the case of
George W. Booker, claiming a seat from the,
State of Virginia; which were referred to the
Committee of Elections.
laws of utah.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a letter from the secre-
tary of Utah, transmitting the laws of that
Territory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories.
house contingent i'xjnd.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Clerk of the House, transmitting a detailed
statement of the expenses under the miscella-
neous items of the contingent fund from the
commencement of the Congress to this date;
which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
alabama contested-election case.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House additional papers in the
Alabama contested-election case of Hinds to.
Sherrod ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
peace with the indians.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting reports of
the disbursements out of the appropriation
made in 1869 of $2,000,000 for the purpose of
maintaining peace with the various Indian
tribes; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
payment ok bounty.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
sent, moved that House bill No. 500, to au-
thorize the payment of bounty to certain vol-
unteer otlicers of the Army who served in the
late war for the suppression of the rebellion,
introduced by him on Saturday Jastand referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, be
printed.
The motion was agreed to; and then (at four
o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMES: The petition of Susan T.
Hunt, asking for apension, as dependent sister
of John L. Hunt.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of Anna
Childs, praying for back pay and bounty due
her deceased husband.
By Mr. BENJAMIN : The petition of Mrs.
Delilah Roberts, asking a pension.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Charles Watson, of Lowell, Massa-
chusetts, for compensation for services per-
