1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
41st Cong. ... 2d Sess.
American Commerce—Mr. Chandler.
Senate.
I ran one day three hundred and seventy-three
miles in twenty-four hours on one of the French
screws, and the average of the voyage, I think,
was about three hundred and fifty miles per
day. But, of course, I am not thoroughly con-
versant with that. These propellers have a
freight capacity that is perfectly enormous.
The machinery occupies so small a part of the
ship that the freighting capacity is very great.
A three-thousand ton iron ship will do the work
of three times the same amount of tonnage
under pail. In other words, an iron ship of
three thousand tons propelled by steam will
do the work of nine one-thousand ton sailing
ships. Hence it requires a less number of
tons of shipping to do the business by steam
than it did to do it by sail.
I hold in my hand a document from the
German Lloyds, a curious and perhaps an
instructive document, lhave just had it trans-
lated from German into English by one of the
employfes of the Senate, Mr. Wagner. This
German Lloyds has been in operation several
years and has been a very successful company.
This is their report. There is but this one
copy of it in the United States. It has come
into my possession within a day or two. It is
a report made to their stockholders, giving the
earnings of every ship in the whole line in
detail, the cost of repairs, &c. There is a
great deal of very valuable information in it.
They say in their report:
"The New York line first and last constitutes
the chief source of our revenues. The eleven
steamers appropriated to this line make altogether
sixty-four passages, the gross receipts of which
amount to 3,510,097 rix-dollars, or on an average
54,845 rix-dollars per trip; against 2,85-1,000 rix-dol-
lars, or 52,889 rix-dollars per trip in 1868; so that the
total receipts from all the passages in 1869 were 655,697
rix-dollars, and of the several trips 1,986 rix-dollars
greater than in 18g8. This results mainly from the
increased transportation of passengers, the account
of which stands thus."
I bring this up to show the importance of
commerce to a nation. This German Lloyds
has lines of steamers to Baltimore, to New
York, to New Orleans, and different ports of
the Baltic; but their main profit is derived
from the New York line. Last year that New
York line earned over twenty-five per cent, on
the whole capital invested.
Mr. THUK.MAN. Where are their vessels
built?
_ Mr. CHANDLER. On the Clyde, I believe.
They have but one ship that they built them-
selves. They are mostly built on the Clyde,
but are repaired in Germany. The company,
in this report, state that they have expended
one hundred and seventy or one hundred and
eighty thousand dollars for a dry-dock to do
all their repairs and all their cleaning, and
are increasing their work annually. The whole
capital invested is about eight million rix-
dollars, or $6,000,000 of our money, but it has
grown up from the profits of the first few ships.
I am told that the Cunard line, which is the
largest and perhaps most prosperous there is,
has never drawn on the stockholders for a dol-
lar since the original outlay for the first ships.
The profits are enormous. I
When our commerce is done under the
American flag, when it is owned by Ameri-
cans, it is for the interest of every man to open
new channels of commerce and establish new
lines. Sometimes they will not pay, and rarely
do the}' pay at first; but from the vast accu-
mulated capital of these German companies
they have gone on until they are willing to
start lines that do not pay. Here is a curious
calculation. The steamer Bremer of that
hue lost on her first trip to New Orleans
S4.413 '24. The cost of repairs was $19,-
180 27. and the advance for future repairs
So,01)0, making a" total loss of $'28,60-1 51.
This is in rix-dollars. That is the amount
on one side of the ledger, and on the other
side if seems that the profit of the steamer
Bremer on her first trip to New York was
$5,917 59; on her second trip to New York,
$18,392 80; on her third trip to New York,
$13,875 16, making a total profit of $42,-
872 38. And deducting from this the debit
on the opposite side of the ledger the net
earnings of the steamer Bremer for that year
were $14,267 59, this amolmtbeing in rix-dol-
lars. Then comes the case of the steamer
New York. The loss on her first trip to New
Orleans was $8,822 38. The cost of repairs
$28,204 54, and the advance for future repairs
$5,000, making a total loss of $42,027 20.
Then, on the opposite side of the account,
the steamer New York made a profit on her
first trip to New York of $4,943 25 ; on her
second trip, $8,076 22; on her third trip,
$16,814 02; on the fourth, $12,077 67, and on
her fifth trip, $5,419 29; making a total of
$47,331 01. And deducting the loss on the
voyage to New Orleans there was a profit of
$5,303 53 on the steamer New York. Then
the steamer America lost on a trip to New
Orleans $590 20; the cost of repairs was
$6,551 37, and the advance for future repairs
$27,000, making a total of $34,141 57. On
the other hand, the steamer America on her
first voyage to New Y'ork make a profit of
$2,812 20; on her second voyage, $17,106 68;
on the third, $25,880 43 ; on the fourth, $18.-
326; and on the fifth, $19,101 18, or a total
profit of $82,287 36; from which, deducting
the losses on the other side, there is a net
profit left of $49,145 51 for that ship. Ho
they go on. They are perfectly content to
deduct the loss on one ship from the earn-
ings of another. They not only have slarted
lines to Baltimore and New Orleans which did
not pay last year, and which they say they
think will soon pay, but in this their report,
which I hold in my hands, they sa}' that they
will establish lines to the West Indies and
South America during the present year. They
do not care if they lose for a year or two ; the
enormous profits on the New York business
will make their dividends entirely satisfactory.
Notwithstanding this discount of their losses
on their ships—-and they are all put down in
detail in the report which I have here—they
divided last year sixteen per cent, upon their
whole capital and carried a surplus to the
sinking fund for the coming year. There are
other ships of their line that earn as much as
$116,000; but I have given enough to show
the idea.
Now, Senators may ask, if this traffic is so
profitable why do not our own people go into
it? Well, Mr. President, they do not for the
best reason in the world. In the first place
what costs these people $6,000,000 would cost
our shipping merchants ten or eleven million
dollars, to sav the least.
Mr. THUEMAN. In gold?
Mr. CHANDLER,. No, sir; iu currency.
There is only a difference of twelve or fourteen
per cent. But it would cost certainly from nine
to eleven millions. There is a vast difference
in the outset in the capital invested. Then,
again, these cheap ships have it in their power
to break down an American line, and they will
do it the very first year you start one. They
will put the price so low lhat an American line
could not run or would run necessarily at a
loss It is in their power to do so. These
foreign ships all have an understanding and
monopolize this traffic.
Last year there were about three hundred
thousand emigrant passengers landed in New
York. The average price for carrying these
passengers is thirty-five dollars. The lowest
price is thirty dollars, or five pounds in gold.
The German lines, I think, charge eight pounds,
as the distance is greater. They feed the pas-
sengers, which costs them about half a dollar
a day. One of the iargest ship-owners told me
that it cost them that to feed emigrant passen-
gers. The great profit of tiiese steam lines is
iu carrying emigrant passengers. The ship in
which I went out last summer brought over
thirteen hundred emigrants on her return trip
at thirty dollars each, which was $39,000ingold
say, received for emigrant passengers alone,
while the whole cost of the round trip of that
ship was less than forty thousand dollars. Now,
sir, three hundred thousand passengers, and it
is a little over that, at thirty-five dollars each
would amount to $10,500,000 that was paid
last year for the transportation of emigiants
to the port ofNew York alone, and every dollar
of it went into the pocket of a foreign ship-
owner. This ougKl not to be so. Formerly our
wooden ships brought them. That day has
gone by. It was uncertain whether that ship
would be twenty or sixty days on the passage.
Now they know to the hour when they will
land.
But, sir, you see that this enormous amount
of $10,500,000 is a very considerable item, and
we may say the chief item of profit to these
foreign lines, and all the nations that are en-
gaged in this traffic are building up their com-
merce and carrying it all over the world by
the profit on their traffic between their own
ports and the city of New York, Ought this
thing so to be?
But, sir, what is the remedy ? I have said
before that I did not think differential duties
would accomplish the purpose ; nor do I. Sir,
our ship-builders must learn a new trade. It
is not now the ships of a thousand tons, alluded
to by my distinguished friend from Maine on
the other side of the Chamber, in comparison
with tiie flat-boats and scows of the St. Clair
flats, that are to bear our flag around the world.
Those are not the ships I am talking about.
I am talking of iron ships, three-thousand ton
iron ships, that do the commerce of the world.
Those are the ships we want. Those are the
ships we must have, or else we cannot compete
with other nations in this traffic. We have lost
the whole of it, and we have built up a com-
merce all over the world for our worst enemy
by the profits of this traffic that is of right ours,
and which we ought to have. The time may
come when we will say that no ship shall take
a pound of freight except on an American bot-
tom. I am not prepared to advocate that or
any such measure now.
As you will see, sir, our ship-builders have
four million three hundred thousand tons of
domestic commerce to operate upon. That is
a strict monopoly. No nation interferes with
it; and it is the second largest commerce in
the world. Therefore I leave that out of the
calculation. I do not bring that into the
account at all. I simply bring in oar foreign
commerce. I said I was willing to allow a
drawback of whatever the duties might be, or
a bonus, for foreign commerce alone. I do
not advocate that; I do not know that I am in
favor of it. I throw it out as a suggestion.
In the first placc, we have not these ships,
and we cannot build them at present in com-
petition with other nations ; and yet they ;u-fc
the only means of transportation that can com-
pete with other nations. We have not to-day
a ship-yard in which to build a three-thousand
ton ship. Wo can do it. We can enlarge our
yards. Wo can build those ships; but the
largest iron ship ever built in this country was.
I believe, only about two thousand tons. And
here I may say that one of the largest and most
successful lines of steamers engaged in thi.-
traffic is an American line, a line which now
carries our mails. It is owned by American
citizens—Williams, Guion & Co. It has been
an eminent success from the first. I should be
willing to take that line under our flag so im
as the fore'gn commerce is concerned, and no
further. I should be willing, so far as I am
concerned, and I speak only for myself, to say
to the people of the United States that for thrrr
