1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1421
The V1CK PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
tho>e routes have been transferred by the
Senator ("rum Minnesota to the proper place
aiwady-
Mr. l'HAYER. I do not 80 understand.
Mr. RAMSEY. Oh, yes; those are all iu
no* 
Mr. THAYER. Then they should be stricken
oat under the head of Kansas.
Mr. RAMSEY. They have been.
Mr. THAYER. In line one hundred and fifty-
oue the word "Poucee" should be "Ponca."
The VICE PRESIDEN T. That correction
will be made.
Mr. THAYER. On page 11, line two hun-
dred aud forty-eight, these words should be
inserted af;er Blair, " via Clark's Store."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made if there be no objection. The
Chair hears uo objection.
Mr. THAYER. I move to insert there
also: '* From Blair, via Moro and Elder Grove,
to West Point."
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no objection
be made that amendment will be regarded as
agreed to.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
HOURS OP LABOR.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ca.i up House joint resolution No. 72, for the
accommodation of the Senator from Alabama,
[Mr. Spencer,] who desires to submit some
remarks. It is a joint resolution to regulate
the hours of labor.
Mr. Sl'MNER. Will it take much time?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe the
Senator from Alabama desires fifteen or twenty
minutes to address the Senate.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 72) to regulate the hours of labor of Gov-
ernment laborers, workmen, and mechanics.
Mr. SPENCER. Mr. President, it appears
that the joint resolution, approved June 25,
1368, which fixes the limit of daily labor per-
formed by Government operatives at eight
hours, has been construed by the Attorney Gen-
eral not to repeal the existing laws on the sub-
ject of compensation. Notwithstanding this
opinion, it transpires that other Departments
of the Government construe the same as they
please, without reference or respect to the dic-
tum of that officer of the Government whose
especial province it is to interpret the intent
and meaning of the law in so far as it may
operate especially upon the Government.
The honorable Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill, J with a view of reconciling this dif-
ference, in a manner eminently peculiar, pro-
poses to amend joint resolution H. R. No.
72, which provides that the joint resolution
approved June 2o, 18G8, shall not be so con-
strued as to authorize a corresponding redac-
tion in wages, by repealing the act constituting
eight hoars a day's work for all laborers, work-
men, and mechanics employed by or on behalf
of the United States. Ihe honorable Senator
has advocated his proposition of repeal in a
masterly effort, in which he has undertaken to
demonstrate that the eight-hour law is "anti-
republican," offensive to all other laboring
men, an immeasurable national disaster, and,
strange to say, will not afford any additional
leisure available for mental and moral im-
provement.
I respectfully differ from the honorable Sen-
ator in many of his constructions and applica-
tions as to statements of fact, and deny that
the argument he has made is, as he asserts, a
plea in behalf of the best interests of labor.
If Congress in its wisdom has seen fit to limit
to eight hours the duration of labor to be per-
formed by Government operatives, and the con-
struction of the law enacted in that behalf
creates a conflict between the Attorney Gen-
eral and other Departments, I am in favor of
lachfurtherlpgislationaswill practically secure
a just and wholesome application to the class
intended to be benefited.
It ought not to be that every law passed by
Congress remedial in its nature should require
especial construction; but on thecontrary, such
law should be administered fairly and equita-
bly, according to the evident intent of the law-
making power; and such indeed is the legal
maxim which is applied by all eminent law-
writers, ancient and tnoderu. But when upon
the plea of ambiguity or uncertainty, the Attor-
ney General is required to interpose his legal
opinion, based as it is upon his knowledge as
a professional expert, it is not pleasant to
observe such an unwillingness to comply with
his construction on the part of the several
Departments as necessitates and compels fur-
ther action of Congress in that behalf. Such,
however, is the case ; and it being now sought
to settle the difference by an entire repeal of
the act itself, we are again brought to discus-
sion upon the eight-hour system, a measure
which, after full debate, pro and con, was
adopted by a very large majority of the Fortieth
Congress.
I do not propose to discuss the propriety of
the reform in labor heretofore inaugurated by
Congress in fixing the eight-hour limit. That
question has been already determined, and is
now a law, checked, it is true, by conflict of
opinion between the Departments. I believe
the present law to be just and right, and an
acknowledgment on the part of the Govern-
ment that it does not seek to impose heavy
burdens of toil upon its employes of the labor-
ing class; that it recognizes their right to official
consideration, and draws the same distinction
in their favor as is drawn on the part of the
educated labor of departmental clerks.
The honorable Senator argues that such dis-
tinctions on the part of the Government are
calculated to offend other laboring men ; but
unfortunately for his reasoning, he does not
charge that the six hours' labor performed by
departmental clerks, which has been from
time immemorial the limit of their daily work,
produces a like offense to those clerks em-
ployed by private parties throughout the coun-
try. He insists that if the Government reduces
the ten-hour system to eight all other laborers
will demand the same reduction, and hence
labor will be shorn of Us profit should they
succeed in establishing the precedent.
It has never been discovered that because
our departmental clerks are required to labor
but six hours, that other clerks have sought to
establish the six-hour system as a precedent
fixed by the Government. The cases are not
parallel; and if any danger be anticipated that
the eight-hour system fixed by the Government
will seriously impair other labor, why should
not the same expected injury affect the labor
of private clerks? The honorable Senator will
certainly not attempt to create this distinction
between gentlemanly labor and manual labor;
between educated employment and its reverse;
between the better-clothed and better-paid
labor of the head and pen, and the hard-earned
wages of the " horny-handed sons of toil." The
rales fixed by the Government in general deal-
ings with its employes are purely its own, and
have never to my knowledge been adopted as
precedents by business communities. The very
reverse is indeed the fact; for the system of
performing the different and various labors of
the Government is necessarily original, and
hence inoperative and useless to private indi-
viduals. The Government sometimes adopts
business rules as imposed by commercial com-
munities, but this occurs very rarely and only
to meet special exigencies. The entire routine
of Government business, its system of checks,
cautions, and acts, are from their very nature
incapable of being received and adopted as
precedents by society or individuals. But apart
from these considerations,the somewhat unkind
inference sought to be drawn by the honorable
Senator, that "if these laborers get a full day's
pay for two hoars less of work than those not
so employed, they would at once become polit-
ical placemen,dependent upon precarious party
success," is no more true of them than of any
other class employed by the Government. If
his argument be correct, it mustbe considered
only as a sweeping one, including all govern-
mental officials, from the highest to the lowest,
and should be applied by him accordingly. The
honorable Senator commits a grave injustice,
perhaps unintentional, when ho submits tho
laboring class of Government employes to
the severe ordeal of this reasoning, entirely
exempting the others.
It is not a question, in my opinion, Mr. Pres-
ident, of how much labor the human framo
may successfully endure that should be taken
as a governing rule; unfortunately, manual
and unskilled labor is too poorly paid, and toil
is not an enriching inheritance.
While I fully recognize the ordinance of God
that " In the sweat of thy face shall thou eat
bread," I am equally sensible of the fact that
labor has its rights and should receive them at
the hands of society, in no spirit of maudlin
sentimentality, but as an act of justice cheer-
fully and substantially given.* Tho honora-
ble Senator has reminded me of another
application than his own of the myth of Tan-
talus, when it is considered that the tempting
feast which wealth affords is always before the
eyes of the laboring classes, but rarely tasted
by them. We have spread the feast of Tanta-
lus before these workingmen in Government
employ by reducing their toil to eight hours,
but at the same time omitting to provide—as
is ruled by the Departments—for their proper
compensation. The joint resolution proposes
to relieve them from this torture ; while the
honorable Senator desires to add to the agony
already experienced in this default, by de-
priving them altogether of that benefit which
Congress intended should be conferred and
enjoyed.
The honorable Senator urges that "if Rufu3
Choate, Caleb Cusbing, or our distinguished
chairman of Foreign Affairs had been restrained
by an eight-hour strait jacket they might have
remained in the great ocean of mediocrity,
buried and unseen forever." I do not think
tho allusion entirely complimentary. Granted
that these and other gentlemen, as well as the
honorable Senator, have toiled in the great sea
of learning, and have amply trimmed the mid-
night lamp, does it follow by any reasonable or
logical sequence that a majority ofall who follow
their example would obtain equal or even ap-
proximate distinction ? While these eminent
gentlemen were really laborers in the vineyard
of knowledge, they were not "hewersof wood
and drawers of water;" while they served their
peonage, and, in their spheres, were helots,
their minds were gifted with a culture neces-
sarily superior to that of the masses of those who
toil for their daily wages, an amount barely
sufficient to keep the wolf from the door, with
no time to follow the pursuit of knowledge or
cultivate refinements of the mind, even should
they desire so to do. All printers are not Ben-
jamin Franklins, nor are all cobblers Roger
Shermans, nor blacksmiths learned as Elihu
Burritt; and if the reasonings of the honorable
Senator could be practically carried into effect,
he would effectually repress the reasonable
ambition of the laboring classes by forcing
them to continuous toil, to the deprivation ot
all other hopes and inspirations.
The honorable Senator draws a comparison
between the labors of a Senator—the_ most
exalted station in the land—and the toil of a
workingman, by which the latter suffers injus
tice. I am fully sensible of the annoyances,
fatigue, and harassi g duties of a Senator.
It is not a bed of roses, I am free to confess.
But, Mr. President, there is a great deal in
having our lives cast in pleasant places. We
have here a sumptuous apartment, everything
provided for us that we may require, pages at
our beck and call, and the auditorium filled
with the people who come to hear and oversee
