1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4253
Jlr. MOR POX. I would call the attention
of the Senator to the fact that those former
slaves have been entitled to representation ever
since they were made free.
Sir. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. The fourteenth amendment
only applies to establishing the basis of repre-
sentation and taking from any Stale the benefit
of.counting a class of men that are disfran-
chised.
Mr. TRUMBULL. T&eSenatorisquiteriglit,.
They have been entitled to representation ever
since the thirteenth amendment passed.
Mr. MORTON. In 1801.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Sot quite as early as
that, but I do,not remember the precise date.
If we put them oil' to 1873, they will have been
entitled some seven or eight years to repre-
sentation : and now you propose to pat it off
until 1873. Then there is the increased pop-
ulation entitled to representation. But I did not
' mean to go into this matter a second time over.
I submit to the Senate whether this bill shall
go over. They will decide as they see fit.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not often ask the
Senate, as a mere matter of accommodation to
me, to put. a bill over; but we can go oil with
other business ; and I do not think it, is asking
too much, considering the fact that the eastern
section of the country is deeply interested in
this question, and that I am not prepared to say
what I should like to say about it, and to refer
to the documents. I shall bo very glad, there-
fore, if gentlemen from the West and other
parts of the country will be willing to let the
bill go over in such a way as that it, is perfectly
safe at the head of the Calendar, just passing
it over, letting it stand at the head of the spe-
cial orders, and go on with other business.
With that view, in order to get a vote ot the
Senate upon its willingness to do that, I move
that the bill be passed over.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I ask my friend to with-
draw that, motion for a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will you icnew it?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the bill will not
be passed over.
Mr. THURMAN. I was not in the Senate
when the Senator from Illinois made his open-
ing speech explaining this bill. ^ It I had been
I should not have put, the question to him that
I did. But 1 wish to suy now that there are
in the minds of many Senators very strong
objections against increasing the number ot
the House of Representatives, and it may be
that when the vote comes to be taken the dim-
culty that I suggested will not be got rid of by
increasing the number to three hundred. K
may he, therefore, that the number will be
retained just as it is in the House bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate has already
adopted the amendment making it three hun-
dred. ,,,,
Mr. MORRILL, of "Vermont, lhcre was no
division on it, I understand. .
Mr. THURMAN. I did not know tlmt Uiat
was done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir. ^
Air THURMAN. That was aone before 1
came into the Senate this morning. I was not
aware of it : but in a full Senate it may yet be
voted down. At all events, if that should be
the ease, and the number should be kept at
what it is in the House bill, I am under the
impression that one or two States will lose a
member. ,. ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. They would at two hun-
dred and seventy live. „
Mf. THURMAN. Then to meet that dim-
• culty," the Senator suggests that it might be
provided in a ease like that t lat the membeis
from that State should be elected by general
ticket. If that, is admissible, it would meet
the difficulty ; but I suggest for his considera-
tion, without expressing any opinion about it,
fori have no matured opinion upon it, whether
under the power which we have to regulate I
the times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions, we can provide one manner in one State
and another manner in another State.
Jlr. TRUMBULL. Wedoitnow. We'elect
one member by general ticket in my Slate now,
for the State at large, and have done so ever
since the last census was taken.
Mr. POME ROY. It occurs to me that if
we could, by unanimous consent, agree to take
np this bill on Monday it would be better.
When unanimous consent has been given, I
have never found that it has been violated
That will put it above special orders and every-
thing else. The Senator from Illinois will not
have to make any effort to get the bill up, if
we can agree by unanimous consent to con-
sider it on Monday. 'That will accommodate
everybody, and the bill will then take pre-
cedence of everything else, no matter what
the unfinished business may be, and no matter
what the special order may be. Unanimous
consent overrides everything. Now I ask that
by unanimous consent wo agree to proceed to
the consideration of this bill on Monday next.
Mr. EDMUNDS, and Mr. MORRILL, of
Vermont. That is right.
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas asks the unanimous consent,
of the Senate to set the pending bill down for
a hearing on Monday next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And to bo proceeded
with until finished. Will the Senator include
that. ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes. sir.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas asks unanimous consent to set
down the pending bit I for consideration on
Monday next, at one o'clock, and then that it
be proceeded with until it be concluded. Is
there any objection lo that understanding!'
'The Chair hears no objection, and that is the
understanding.
PltlN'l'tNO OF AN AMENDMENT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present an amendment
which 1 shall propose to the bill (S._ No. 047,)
to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from Marshall, Texas, to San
Diego,'California, with branches and connec-
tions. 1 move that it be printed, so that I
may offer it as a substitute for the bill when it
comes up.
'The motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENTS TO APPilOt'ltt Vt'TON 1S!EIj.
Jlr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations,'submitted two amendments
to be pioposed to the bill (II. K. No. 1601)
making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 18/1, and for other
purposes ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
order of business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
52(5) to promote commerce among the States
and to cheapen transposition of the mails aud
of military and naval stores.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire
what, business is now before the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill for the abolition
of ttie franking privilege must be before the
Senate, as it, is at, the head of the special orders.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. House bill
No. 986, to abolish the flanking privilege is
the biil m order.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I hope we shall pro-
ceed with its consideration. It has been pend-
ing tor many rnon'hs, and it is about time for
us to dispose of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up the
railroad bill. , .
Jlr. POMEROY. I think we had better
take up the franking bill and dispose of it.
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly; we ought to do
that.
Mr. CHANDLERt I gave notice that I
should antagonize this railroad bill agarinst any
bill that came u[S. I have always voted for the
abolition of the franking privilege; but I must
antagonize this railroad bill against any other.
It is a very important measure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. House bill
No. 986 is before the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that it be laid
aside, for the purpose of considering Senate
bill No. 526.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator move to pass it over?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes. sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan moves to pass over the pending ✓
bill, with avievvof proceeding to the consider-
ation of the bill indicated by hiui.
The question being put, there were—ayes
eleven
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is a further
count insisted upon?
Mr. CHANDLER. I am afraid that is not
enough.
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not agreed to.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Jlr. Horace Politer, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 8th
instant, approved and signed the act, (S. No.
263) to establish certain post roads in the State
of Alabama, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the Presi-
dent had, on the 0th instant, approved and
signed the following joint resolutions:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 110) appoint-
ing ma.nagers of the National Asylum for Dis-
abled Volunteer Soldiers; and
A joint resolution (S. R No. 212) in relation
to the compensation of assistant marshals for
taking the census of 1870.
IIOUSB BILh referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2105) to punish the
unlawful certification of checks by officers of
national banks was road twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
MIAaNKING privilege.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 986) to abolish the franking privilege, the
pending question being oil the amendment of
Jlr. Drake to the amendment of Jlr. Sherman.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of Jlr.
Sherman, which was to add to the bill the
following:
But nothing herein contained shall be construed
to repeal or attect the existing laws allowing the pub-
lbheis ol weekly nowspspars to solid to each actual
subscriber, within the count/ where their papers are
printed and published, one copy thereof irco ot
postage.
The amendment of Jlr. Drake to the amend-
ment was to strike out ail afterthe word but,"
and insert:
This shall not bo construed as repealing the pro-
visions in lavor of publisher ot newspapers and
periodicals, contained in the second scction of the
act of August M, 1852, entitled "An act to amend the
act entitled 'An actio rcducc aud modify the rates
of postage in the United States, and lor other pur-
poses,' passed March 3, 1831."
Mr DRAKE. I have twice before expressed
myself on that amendment. I now only <3esire
to say enough to bring the attention of the
Senate to the exact point that is in it, which E
will do the moment I get the statute which is
referred to in the amendment; I have sent for
it.. But I think I can explain it without that.
That statute gives to newspapers the privilege
of free exchange, and also the privilege of cir-
culation within the counties of the publication
free of postage. The amendmentproposed by
the Senator from Ohio, I believe, only refers
to free exchanges. I ask the Clerk to read
the amendment of the Senator from Omo.
The Chief Clerk read Mr. Sherman s amend-
ment.
