1810.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
si m
Now, the gentleman says, notwithstanding
he did all that he could do in his official capa-
city to aid the rebellion during a period of four
years, still he did not help the confederacy any;
that his official acts and influence were of no
sort of importance; that they did not give any
aid or support or comfort to the rebellion.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BENTON. A question, yes.
a Mr. HOAR. I want to ask the gentlemanv
?-fif he very seriously believes that being ajus-
. tice of the peace would be a comfort to any-
body?
Mr. BENTON. It is claimed by Mr. Booker
that it was a comfort to him, because it shielded
him from going into the Army. Yet notwith-
standing he says he sought that office to shield
himself from going into the confederate ser-
vice, ho has come forward here, and before
your desk, Mr, Speaker, taken an oath before
Almighty God that he has " neither sought,
nor accepted, nor attempted to exercise the
functions of any office whatever under any au-
thority or protended authority in hostility to
the United States."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] for fifteen minutes.
Mr. POLAND. I would like to have twenty
minutes.
Mr. BENTON. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Brooks] expressly agreed that
we should have half an hour, and I have occu-
pied but ten minutes.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. Very
well; I will yield to the gentleman for twenty
minutes.
Mr. POLAND. I want to make a very
extraordinary request of this House, and for a
very extraordinary reason. This is the first
time I ever knew any committee of this House,
or anybody else, to undertake to plead an
estoppel upon the House in consequence of
what anybody has said.
At the time Mr. Booker's name was first
presented to the House as one who claimed a
seat upon this floor I arose in my place and
stated that this man could not take the oath
that the law required of members of this House
without committing perjury; that I had exam-
ined the testimony that was filed in the case,
and that he could no more truly take the oath
that the law required than could Mr. Jefferson
Davis himself were he to present himself here
for admission to a seat in this House. Now
the Committee of Elections say that they took
it for granted that the House, hearing and be-
lieving every word that I said, acted upon the
matter and solemnly and deliberately decided
that this man might take the oath, although
all that I said was true. They say this in their
report; that they find he could not truly take
the oath required by law; that the facts they
have reported show that he could not truly
take the oath. But they say they assume that
inasmuch as that was stated to the House, and
the House voted that he might take the oath,
this House thereby decided the question in v iew
of my statement, and in consideration and full
belief of the truth of it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is proper that I should
allude to the circumstances under which this
man was admitted to a scat upon this floor.
Mr. McKenzie, of Virginia, had a case pend-
ing before the Committee of Elections. A
member of this House proposed that Mr. Mc-
Kexzie be admitted to his seat without waiting
for a report from thatcommittee; and the gen-
tleman making this proposition stated to the
House that he had personally known Mr. Mc-
Kexzie through the whole period of the war,
and knew him to be an out and outloyal Union
man. This same statement was reiterated by
some half dozen members on this floor and con-
tradicted by nobody. It was virtually assented
to by the chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions; and thereupon we allowed Mr. McKen-
zie to take his seat. On the next day the
chairman of the Committee of Elections him-
self proposed that Mr. Booker be allowed to
take his seat, stating that the committee had
been assured that the two cases were precisely
alike. Thereupon I inquired of the chairman
of the committee whether the committee had
examined the evidence in Mr. Booker's case.
His answer was that they had not read a
word of it; that it had been sent to the printer
and was in his hands. I then stated to the
House substantially what the committee state
in their repott as to this man's acts during the
war; his acts of rebellion, his acts of direct sup-
port to the rebel army, his holding of an office
which disqualified liirn under the fourteenth
amendment. It is true that after the statement
of the chairman of the Committee of Elections,
and after my statement, the House voted by a
small majority that Mr. Booker might take his
seat. But was that action taken upon my state-
ment, or was it taken upon the statement made
by the chairman of the Committee of Elections
that the case of Mr. Booker was identical with
the case of Mr. McKenzie?
I remember a circumstance which took place
on that very occasion. I recollect that a gen-
tleman came into my neighborhood, urging
everybody to vote in favor of the proposition
of the committee, and saying, "This is one of
tho best committees of the House, and it is
always safe to follow its recommendations." I
quite agreed in that gentleman's estimate of
the committee; but for their judgment about
a case which they had not looked into, and
about which they knew nothing, I had, I con-
fess, no more respect than I should have for
the opinion of anybody else in the same cir-
cumstances.
When Mr. Booker appeared before the
House no member vouched for his character
except 
Mr. DAWES. I would like to hear the views
of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland]
upon a single point which troubles me. The
House having admitted Mr. Bqoker to the
seat, he having taken the usual oath, it being
admitted that he received a majority of the
votes, the difficulty in my mind is, how can wc
exclude him except by an exercise of the con-
stitutional power of expelling a member? It
cannot bo said that he was not legally elected;
and we have permitted him to quality. If we
hold thathe qualified wrongfully we must expel
him. I do not know any other way to meet
tll0 ClLSG.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Booker, by a vote of
the House, was merely admitted to take his
seat for the time being; he was not admitted
to a permanent seat in this House ; and I do
not think my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] is so much troubled as he professes to
be with the question whether a man's condi-
tion is very much bettered by his having com-
mitted perjury.
Mr. DAWES. I did not know that my friend
from Vermont had considered that point.
Mr. POLAND. I have considered that very-
point ; and in my humble judgment, if we have
aright to say that a man has committed an act
which disqualifies him from truly taking the
oath prescribed by law, and if in the face of
the Almighty he goes on and swears to that
which makes him guilty of perjury 
Mr. DAWES. Then I think wo ought to
expel him.
Mr. POLAND. It is a mere matter of form
that my friend is speaking of.
Mr. DAWES. No; it is not a matter of
form, because the Constitution comes in here
and tells us how we should expel a man.
Mr. POLAND. The committee have re-
ported that this man is entitled to a seat. If
we vote down that resolution it will operate, I
take it, as an expulsion.
Mr. DAWES. I do not so understand.
Mr. POLAND. 1 do.
Mr. DAWES. I think that if we lay the
whole matter on the table 
Mr. POLAND. I cannot allow the gentle-
man to use up all my time when I have but
twenty minutes. If we vote down that reso-
lution, I think we can contrive some way of
getting rid of the man.
Now, sir, when Mr. Booker was admitted
no man vouched for him except the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Butler,] who stated to
the House that Sir. Booker was a Union man
who had fled into his district early in the re-
bellion, and had remained there during the
whole or nearly the whole of the period of the
war. It turns out by the report of the com-
mittee that there is not a word of truth in it,
that this Mr. Booker was exercising the office
of chief justice of the county court in his own
county during the whole period of time, and
that he was reelected to that office in the very
height and heat of the war. The House had
the statement of the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Butleb] and they had my statement.
From the character of the statements it was
rather a question of veracity between us ; but
at that time the House had given ijo opinion
as to the quality of either of us as a witness.
Now, sir, this Mr. Booker, who held this
office during the whole period of the war, was
reelected to it at the very height of the war,
and he was one of the board of supervisors
which assessed the taxes and which raised
loans for the purpose of aiding the confederate
troops. He was appointed an agent to visit
the volunteer companies in the service of the
rebel army and to report the wants and general
condition of said company with a view to mak-
ing provision for the relief of their necessities,
and the report he made to the county court is
appended at length to the report of the com-
mittee.
I say, sir, that the statement I made at the
outset, when Mr. Booker presented himself,
is here verified by the evidence in this case
and by the report of the committee. The
committee hold tliat the House is estopped by
voting as they did under the supposition that
this man had fled across the border into East
Tennessee to keep out of harm's way, when he
was doing all in his power during the four
years of the war to help it forward. I say that
it is not.
Butthe gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Brooks,] the chairman of the sub-committee
who reported this case, says that Mr. Booker
was under duress. I never heard of a four-
years'ravishment before. [Laughter.] Ialways
supposed duress was someparticularact, some
particular time, some particular transaction. I
never heard of a man who was duressed into
an office to hold and exercise the functions of
it during a period of four years by duress. I
think there must be put into the law diction-
aries some new definition of duress in order to
make it cover the case of Mr. Booker.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Vermont whether Mr. Patter-
son, of Tennessee, did not occupy the same
position as Mr. Booker?
Mr. POLAND. Not at all. In the case of
Mr. Patterson, Tennessee was right on that
point. They did not suppose they were going
into secession at all. Mr. Patterson never
cxcrcised tho office at all except to organize
olio grand jury. He never tried a ease as
judge. Yet here this man quietly and faith-
fully, it would seem, exercised this office, and
exercised it in the very height of the rebellion.
On May 13, 3801, he assessed taxes upon his
county, and did all he could toward raising
funds to aid the rebels in prosecuting the war
against the Union. I do not know but ray
Democratic friends want such a man as this
on their side. I have been asked as to his pol-
itics during the rebellion. One day he was
praying good Lord, while the next day he
prayed to an entirely differentdivinity. [Laugh-
ter.] Here in this House he has divided his
votes as equally as he could. He has given all
his unimportant votes to the Republican side.
I predict to my Democratic friends that when
