4254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
Mr. DRAKE. That refers, it will be per-
ceived, only to free circulation in the county
of publication. My amendment goes further,
and continues to them the right of free ex-
changes among themselves. There is just the
point-of difference between the two. I can
now read the section referred to in the act of
1852, if any Senator desires to hear it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment to theamendment, and
declared that he was unable to decide.
Mr. RAMSEYand Mr. NYE. Letthepend-
ing amendment Be reported.
Mr. COLE. Let the amendment first be
read, and then the amendment to the amend-
ment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment and
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. Now that the attention of the
Senate has been called to the terms of the two
amendments, I will merely read the provision
of that act of August 30, 1852, which it is my
desire shall be retained ; and I hope the Senate
will listen to that provision, which is in the
following words:
"The publishers of newspapers and periodicals
may send to each other from their respective offices
ot publication, free of postage, one copy of each pub-
lication ; and may also send to each actual sub-
scriber, inclosed in their publications, bills and re-
ceipts for the same free of postagfe. The publishers
of weekly newspapers may send to each actual sub-
scriber within the county where their papers are
printed and published one copy thereof free of post-
age."
That is the provision which it is the object
of my amendment to keep in force.
Mr. HAMLIN. I concur in the object sought
to be accomplished by the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri. I am distinctly in favor
of allowing the little newspapers printed in the
smaller towns free circulation in the counties
williin which they are published. I think it
wise. I would also give the free exchange for
periodicals. Those are my views; but 1 pro-
pose myself to vote against every amendment
to this bill, in the belief that it will be wiser for
ns to take the bill precisely as it came from the
House of Representatives and pass it, rather
than to jeopardize its final passage by loading
it down with amendments which may secure its
defeat. Adopt one amendment and another
may follow. For this reason and not because
I am opposed to theamendment offered—lam
for it—I propose to give a square vote for this
bill and a square vote against everything that
is proposed to be put upon it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, that which
the Senator from Maine advises is unquestion-
ably the proper course to be pursued by those
who are really in favor of the abolition of the
frankingprivilege. There is, moreover, another
reason why the amendment should not be
adopted. The country press itself repels the
favor that is intended "to be bestowed upon it.
I have in my hands copies of that press from
various parts of the country.
Mr. NYE. What paper are you going to
read from ?
Mr. RAMSEY. This is fiom the Scioto
Gazette. It says : *"
"Of all the pitiful plansfor taking money out of the
publio Treasury, that set up by a few superservice-
able and self-appointed champions of the country
press in Congress is the paltriest. Wo refuse to be-
lieve that the country press chooses to placc itself
before Congress in the attitude of a beggar. Wo deny
that any newspaper, which deserves to live at all,
depends for its life upon the present of free postage
in the county or State in which it is published and
circulates. Journalists who respect themselves and
their profession are not beggars at the hands ol Con-
gress for tins or any other gratuity that it may be in
the power of that body to confer. Thcvask only the
privilege of paying their money and getting a full
equivalent for it, and in this they not only express
their own feelings, but the feelings of the whole
American people. They have felt for years that the
franking privilege was abused, and was being put to
base uses by unscrupulous men upon whom the privi-
legewas conferred. Bachsuceeedingyeartheenorm-
ity grew in proportion and the abuse became wider
in its range, so that the feeling of indignation that is
now expressed against it is not the sudden ebullition
of party feeling or of petty prejudice, but the deep-
settled conviction of wrong that has been fostered
and cherished for years, until it finds vent in open
denunciation of the policy by men of all parties.
"The country press d emand that the business of car-
rying the mails shall be conducted like any other
business, upon business principles; that a fair price
shall be paid for fair work, and no more. This is
right and just. The Postmaster General tells the
people that if everything which goes through the
mail pays its fair ratio of postage, that he can afford
to reduce letter postage from three to two cents.
The country press, that is, that portion of it whose
opinions arc entitled to weight-and respect, do not
ask something for nothing. They are willing, and
not only willing but they demand it, that business
should be business, whether transacted between indi-
viduals or between an individual and the Govern-
ment. We liopethen that we shall hear no more of
the lugubrious whinings of the self-constituted cham-
pions of the country press relative to their struggling
condition, and piteous appeals for favors that can-
not be extended alike to all. Whatever action may
be taken by Congress relative to the franking privi-
lege, we hope it may be done without reference to the
fear or favor of the country press, which certainly
ought to be, and, as far as our knowledge extends is
able to ' hoe its own row,' with ' a fair field and no
favors."'
Mr. DRAKE. I will inquire of the Senator
from Minnesota whether that appears as an
editorial article in the Scioto Gazette?
Mr. RAMSEY. It is an editorial article in
the Scioto Gazette.
Mr. DRAKE. And it appeared originally
as an editorial article in the New York Tri-
bune.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not know how that
may be.
Mr. DRAKE. And how much was.paid for
its insertion there could be found out if a com-
mittee of this body were appointed to inquire
into it, I presume.
Mr. RAMSEY. I know nothing about that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 think we had better
have an investigating committee on the subject.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. I think so, too.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Blue Earth City Post
says :
"The House has passed the bill abolishing the
franking privilege. Butler struck the right chord
when he said tluit nothing ought to go free in tho
mails. Wo aud to this, and all postage ought to be
prepaid."
Mr. DRAKE. What paper is that?
Mr. RAMSEY. The Blue Earth City Post.
Mr. DRAKE. Where does it come from ?
Mr. RAMSEY'. Prom the country.
Mr. DRAKE. Where does that article come
from ?
Mr. RAMSEY. From the newspaper itself.
Mr. DRAKE. From a city paper?
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir ; from a country
paper.
Mr. DRAKE. Copied from a city paper ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Not at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RAMSEY. The St. Paul Dispatch of
the 5th of February says:
"An ineffective attempt was made to pass tho
franking bill in tile Senato yesterday. Senator
Sherman wanted to amend itsoasto exempt county
papers from postage for a distance of twenty miles
from the place of publication. Another Senator
proposed to exempt from postage papors'wbosc
circulation does not exceed two thousand. The
immediate consideration of the bill was postponed
by a vote of 22 to 34. Congressmen need have no
anxiety about tho newspapers if they will do as the
present law contemplates, pay their postage out of
their own pockets."
Iluive anumberof otlierpapers here taking
the same side of the question ; but I will not
detain the Senate by reading them.
Mr. NYE. Let ns see them.
Mr. RAMSEY. You can come and look at
them.
Now, Mr. President, I have not a great deal
to say on this subject; but I might say before
I pass away from this particular item that it
is a fact that about nine tenths of the cost of
the transportation of the mails grow out of the
transportation of printed matter; and that in
return there comes into the postal treasury
from printed matter but about one twentieth
of the receipts. Hence I do not see why any
especial exemption should be mad? in favor of
this newspaper circulation ; and yet the Post-
master General, in all that he has sent to Oon-
gressonthissubjectatdifferenttimes, has never
urged the abolition of this particular privilege.
There is not much opportunity for imposition
or fraud in this regard. The papers circulate
within the county. There can be no mistake
as to what they are. Hence_the privilege is
not susceptible of abuse, and the Postmaster
General has never pressed upon Congress its
abolition. But, as the Senator from Maine has
observed, this bill, after a long agitation before
the public and in Congress, has passed the
House of Representatives. It is a pure and
simple bill for the abolition of the franking
privilege. It cuts outthis sore with one stroke
of the knife. We ought to accept it and adopt
it as it is, rather than send it back to the House
of Representatives and run the risk of the final
accomplishment of this great reform.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I believe this bill passed
the House of Representatives with but seven-
teen votes against it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think so.
Mr. THURMAN. What danger, then, is
there in sending a correct bill back to the
House? If the House is so anxious to abolish
the franking privilege, and this bill ought to be
amended, what is the hazard of sending it back
amended to that House that is so extremely
anxious to abolish the privilege?
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 would say to the Senator
that it is so long a time sines the bill passed
the House of Representatives that by possibility
a great change may have come over their views
on this subject in that time, and it is better not
to risk it. I think they themselves would be
better satisfied if we would pass the bill just as
it left their hands.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator does
not mean 'to insinuate that the House of Rep-
resentatives passed this bill thinking that it
was in such a shape that the Senate would
never agree to it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Notatall. They expected
that the Senate would agree to it, and I hope
the Senate will agree to it.
Now, Mr. President, this movement for the
abolition of the franking privilege in the minds
of many is supposed to be the work of the pres-
ent Postmaster General; it has been suggested
that he has raised all the agitation on the sub-
ject by his annual report and by the newspaper
discussion to which that report led. This is a
great mistake. For nearly fifty years the sub-
ject has been agitated, and the Posmasters
General of the United States back as far as
182Gliave continuously pressed the matter upon
Congress. I have before me extracts from
several of those reports. Postmaster General
McLean as long ago as 1826, more than forty
years ago, in a report to the House of Repre-
sentatives, said on this subject:
" Another conseaueneo of a favorable description
which the abolition of this privilege would produce
is, that with the privilege the abuse of it would
cease."
Again he says:
"No vciy accurate estimate can bo formed of the
sum of postage which this privilege, in its enjoyment
by postmasters, covers; but it is apprehended that it
does not fall short or exceed annually SS0.000."
Postmaster General Collamer, in 1849, in
urging his objections to the longer continuance
of this privilege, said :
" Under the act of 1845 an account was kept by
the post office of the eity ot Washington of all such
matter reeeived_ by the Department for the year
ended June 30,1816, but no .account of the matter
sent from them.
" The postage on that received, at thepresent rate,
was $250,383 83, and tho amount as then estimated at
the Treasury on the matter sent would be fully equal,
so that the same then amounted to $500,767 66;"
Or one eighth of the receipts of that year.
It is urged by those who oppose this bill
that this privilege trenches very little upon the
