8310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
priation for '' collectioua for the herbarium''
from $500 to $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the
appropriations for the Department of Agricul-
ture the following item as lines ten hundred
and eighty-three and ten hundred and eighty-
four, " for incidental and miscellaneous items,
$2,000/:
Mr. YATES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " $2,000" and inserting
§5 000."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is out of
order.
Mr. YATES. I desire to call tbe attention
of the Senator from Maine and the Senate to
this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
feels obliged to rule, under the objection of the
chairman of tbe Committee on Appropriations,
that this motion of the Senator from Illinois
is not in order, as it increases the appropria-
tion, unless it be reported by a committee and
referred to the Committee ou Appropriations.
The rule expressly provides that no motion of
this character shall be in order except under
the special limitations named in the rule.
Mr. YATES. It will be iu order in the Sen-
ate, I suppose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not understand that it will be in order at
any time to move an increase of tbe appropri-
ation except it be to carry out the provisions
of an existing law, or in pursuance of the esti-
mate of the head of a Department.
Mr. HAMLIN. I had the impression that
that rule applied to an original, distinct mo-
tion to amend, and did not apply to an amend-
ment reported by the committee. The com-
mittee reporting an amendment, I take it, it is
in order to incieaae or diminish the amount
named in that amendment, but not to offer a
distinct proposition by which you increase tbe
appropriation. That was my impression.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The thirtieth
rnle provides that— .
"No amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions shall be received to any general appropriation
bill unless it be made to carry out tbe provisions of
some existing law, or some act or resolution pre-
viously passed by the Senate during that session, or
moved by direction of a standing or select commit-
tee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate
from tbe head of some of the Departments."
The Chair is of the impression, although
unschooled in this office, of course, that the
fair construction of this language applies to
any proposition to increase the appropriations
in a bill as it stands before the Senate. The
Chair may be in error, and will submit to the
judgment of the Senate on that point.
Mr. YATES. I ask the Senator from Maine
if he will not withdraw his objection?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to the
Senator that he can accomplish his object by
giving the Committee on Appropriations no-
tice of his amendment and moving it again to-
morrow in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. To obviate the very objec-
tion just made, while I do not think it quite
necessary, and to conform to what my colleague
suggests, I want to give notice of an amend-
ment and have it referred to the Committee
on Appropriations. I shall move to amend
the bill in lines thirty-four and thirty-five by
Btrikingout "$1,800" and inserting "$2,000"
as the compensation of the superintendent of
the Senate document-room. I desire that
amendment to be referred so that 1 may move
it in order hereafter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
suggests to the Senator from Maine that a
notice of that character has already been given
to the Committee on Appropriations, under the
rule, trom the Committee on Rules.
Mr. YATES. I give notice that I will pro-
pose an amendment in line ten hundred and
sixty-six, appropriating cases for the library,
changing the appropriation from $500 to
$1,000, and also to iucrease the appropriation
for "miscellaneous items" from $2,000 to
$5,000; and I also give notice that I will offer
an additional item lor paper, twine, &c., for
the folding-room of the Agricultural Depart-
ment, $500. All these items relate to that
Department.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. These pro-
posed amendments will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill.
The next amendmeut of the Committee on
Appropriations was in the appropriations for
the Post Office Department, to strike out in
lines eleven hundred and nineteen and eleven
hundred and twenty the words "one assistant
messenger, $720," and to insert in lieu thereof
"three assistant messengers, $720 each;" and
to strike out in lines eleven hundred and twen-
ty-two and eleven hundred and tweuty-three
the words "for two pages, $720."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment wa3 iu the appropri-
ations for the War Department, to insert in
line eleven hundred and thirty-one, after the
word "messengers," the words at "$720
each;" in lines elevenhundred and thirty-two
and eleven hundred and thirty-three to change
the amount appropriated from $46,460 to $46,-
520; and in line eleven hundred and thirty four
to increase the amount appropriated for contin-
gent expenses from $5,000 to $10,000 ; so that
the clause will read:
For compensation of tbe Secretary of War. $8,000;
chief eerk; five clerks of class four; for additional
to one clerk of class four, as disbursing clerk, $200;
for six clerks of olass three; three clerks of class two;
eight olerks of class one; one messenger; three as-
sistant messengers, at $720 each; one laborer, $40,520.
For contingent expenses, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
i tiona for the office of the Adjutant General, in
line eleven hundred and forty to increase the
I appropriation for contingent expenses from
! $7,500 to $15,000.
i The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the office of the Quartermaster Gen-
eral, to increase the total sum appropriated
in line eleven hundred and forty-seven from
$171,700 to $171,760.
Tbe amendmeut was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the office of the Paymaster General,
in line eleven hundred and fifty to strike out
"one clerk of class three" and insert "three
clerks of class three' in line eleven hundred
and fifty-one to strike oot " twenty'' and insert
" twenty-three " before " clerks of class two
in line eleven hundred and fifty-two to strike
out •* twenty " and insert "twenty-five " before
"clerks of class one;" and in lines eleven
hundred and fifty-two and eleven hundred and
fifty-three to increase the appropriation from
$64,280 to $77,680; so as to make the clause
read:
For chief clerk; four clerks of class four; three
clerks of class three; twenty-three clerks of class
two; twenty-five clerks of class one, and two mes-
sengers, $77,680.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the office of the Commissary General,
in line eleven hundred and fifty-eight to strike
out "eight" and insert "ten" before " clerks
of classtwo;" to strike out "fifteen" and in-
sert "twenty" before "clerksof class one;"
and in lines eleven hundred and fifty-nine and
eleven hundred and sixty to increase the
amount from $34,880 to $43,680; so as to
make the clause read :
For one clerk of class four; one clerk of class three;
ten clerks of class two; twenty olerks of class one;
one messenger, and two laborers, $43,630.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the office of the chief engineer, in
line eleven hundred and seventy-one to strike
out " four " and insert " five," so as to allow
five clerks of class four; and in Hues eleven
hundred and seventy-three and elevenhundred
and seventy-four to increase the amount appro-
priated from $25,560 to $27,360.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropri-
ations for the office of the chief of ordnance,
in line eleven hundred and seventy-nine, to
strike out " two" and insert " three" before
"clerks of class four;" in line eleven hundred
and eighty, to strike out " three" and insert
"five," before " clerks of class two ;" to strike
out"four" and insert" eight" before "clerks
of classone ;" and in lines eleven hundred and
eighty-one and eleven hundred and eighty-two,
to increase the amount appropriated from
$18,640 to $26,840; so as to make the clause
read:
Forchiefelerk, three clerks of class four, two clerks
of class tUrao, five clerks o (class two, eight clerks of
class one, and one messenger, $26,840.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I see that the number of
the clerks in all these bureaus i3 increased. I
should like to inquire of the chairman if that
is in accordance with thelaw or the regulations,
or the former number employed, or upon what
principle it is based ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We have
amended the bill to make it conform to the
estimates. If the Senator will look at the book
of estimates he will find that these amend-
ments make the bill conform to the estimates.
They were cut down by the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. CORBETT. How do they compare with
the number employed last year?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I cannot say.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply inquired, think-
ing that perhaps as the Army was about to be
reduced, the House had with that view reduced
tbe number of these clerks. 1 do not know
whether this is as large a number as was
employed last year, or whether there was a
reduction in the estimates.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The number
of clerks in these various bureaus is provided
for by the statutes which are referred to in the
estimates. These amendments are- not addi-
tions. Our amendments are simply to provide
for the service as fixed by law.
The PRESID IN G OFFICER. The reading
of the bill will proceed.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
bill. . •
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in the clause making appro-
priations for the office of military justice, id
line eleven hundred and eighty-seven, to insert
the words "one of class two," and also to
strike out the word "one" and insert "two"
before the words " clerks of class one," and in
line eleven hundred and eighty-eight to in-
crease the amount appropriated from $4,600
to $7,200; so that the clause will read:
For one cleric of class four, one olerkof alass three,
one of class two, two clerks of class one. $7,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
eleven hundred and ninety-three, eleven hun-
dred and ninety-four, and eleven hundred and
ninety-five, in the following words:
Office of the Inspector General and inspector of
the Military Academy:
For one clerk of class four, $1,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to offer an amendment
to line twelve hundred and eighteen. _ 1 do
not know whether this is the proper time to
offer it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Missouri that
the usual practice is to go through with the
amendments reported by the Committee on
