5198
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
this man gets fixed in his seat they will have
him altogether as a member of their party.
Mr. EliDRIDGE. Is the gentleman from
Vermont for Mr. Booker or against him?
[Laughter.]
Mr. POLAND. I am precisely for him to
the extent he is entitled. If the gentleman
from Wisconsin and my friends on this side of
the House, if the Democratic members choose
to have a man of this stamp affiliate with them,
if they do not believe in the disability of those
who have given aid and comfort to the rebel-
lion, if they like a man all the better for vio-
lating the law, then let them take this man.
_ Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I now
yield for five minutes to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. McKenzie.]
Mr. McKENZIE. Mr. Speaker, the short
time the House has to sit at this session ad-
monishes me to be brief, as it ought to admon-
ish the long-winded gentlemen on this floor to
be brief in reference to this case of Mr. Booker.
Now, so far as the question of the loyalty of
Mr. Booker is concerned, it depends very much
on how a man feels. If a man is honest and
feels in his conscience that he is right, he need
not care for the world, the flush, or the devil.
Now, sir. I have no doubt, I never had any
doubt of the loyalty of Mr. Booker. I have
known him long, and I never had any doubt
about his loyalty, although I knew him to be a
timid man. I did not see the testimony until
I saw it printed. If I had seen it, I would have
advised him as a prudent man, in view of all
the circumstances, to apply to the House to
relieve him from disabilities. But, sir, I know
of my own knowledge, from the relations in
which I stood to the late distinguished John
Minor Botts, and from the correspondence
which took place between Mr. Booker and
Mr. Botts during the rebellion, that Mr. Booker
was a loyal, although a timid man. Perhaps he
did not believe—1 do not know his religious
sentiments, only he does not belong to the
church I belong to, the Presbyterian, and per-
haps he did not believe—that -whatever is to be
must be. [Laughter.] All Jefferson Davis's
forces would never have got me to swear alle-
giance to the rebel government, if I had been
hung for it. But, as regards Mr. Booker, here
is a letter from Hon. Alexander Hives, one of
the most loyal men in Virginia; also letters from
C. Y. Thomas and E. M. Hughes, which I send
to the desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Carlton, near Charlottesville, Virginia,
December, 13,18l>9.
I have been much surprised to hear that the elec-
tion of Hon. Mr. Booker, from this State, has boon
contested on the ground of his disloyalty.
I can say that 1 became acquainted with him as a
member of our Legislature, and always regarded and
conferred with him as one of the little band of staunch
Unionists In that body, lie was the intimate friend
and correspondent of Hon. John M. Botts; and I
always considered them of the same political faith.
There is no one in the State whom I would sooner
trust as a Union man and Republican than Mr.
Booker.
ALEX. RIVES.
Martinsville, Henry County, Virginia,
December 2, jo oil.
Dear Sir: My short acquaintance with you, made
when you visited Richmond, during the sitting of the
constitutional convention, of which I was a member,
will, I trust, excuse the liberty I take of addressing
you this communication. George W. Booker, esq.,
of this county, was elected to Congress for this dis-
trict at the election in July last, and as his election
will be contested by one of his competitors ho de-
sires that I should inform you of his political ante-
cedents for the last seven or eight years, and of his
present political status. He was born and reared in
this portion of the State, and I have known him
intimately for the last twenty years. He was an
unconditional Union man during the whole period
of the rebellion. In the early pari of 1S61 he can-
vassed this county in behalf of the Union, and in
advocacy of the Union candidate for the State con-
vention, denouncing the doctrine of secession, and
sustained the principles of General Jackson's cel-
ebrated proclamation. I had many conversations
with him during the rebellion, in which he commu-
nicated to mo irecly his feelings and views in rela-
tion thereto. Knowing that I was devoted to the
national Union, he had no hesitation in expressing
his views frankly and fully to me; and at all times
I found him opposed to the rebellion, and an ardent
friend of the United States Government.
While the rebellion raged considerations of per-
sonal safety forbid him, in common with tho Union
men of the State, fiom any public demonstration in
favor of the national Government, and it was only
to his political friends lie could venture to make
known his viows. During those dark and stormy
days, when a reign of terror pervaded tho South, tho
Union men of the State were in constant danger of
mob violence, and, to save themselves and their
families fiom ruin and destitution, wore obliged to
do the best they could under the circumstances;
would seek and accept some of tho many county
offices, whoso incumbents were not liable to con-
scription, in order to avoid military duty and to be
in positions to protect and befriend tho Union men,
as far as itwas possible; andwould bo obliged some-
times, from external pressure which was unavoid-
able, to do and s:jy things which, unexplained, would
soem to favor tho rebellion. Amid these trying days
Mr. Booker may, and doubtless did, say and do
some things susceptible of an unfavorable construc-
tion, but which wore well known and understood by
the Union men to be tho result of the duress under
which they wore all placed during tho rebellion. At
the close of thewnr hewas among the earliest advo-
cates of reconstruction, and warmly sustained the
congressional plan. In polities he has been a con-
sistent Republican, and actively sustained the Re-
publican candidate for the State convention called
under tho reconstruction act".
_ In 1803 lie was put in nomination by tho Repub-
lican State convention for tho office of attorney gen-
eral, and at the request of many prominent Repub-
licans of tho county was appointed and actcd as
registering otlieer of tho county.
At tho election in July last Mr. Booker ran as a
Republican, and sustained the "Walker ticket" for
Governor, as he said, because it was more liberal in
removing political disabilities, and was opposed to
the test-oath and disfranchising clauses of tho State
constitution.
( While I did not cooperate with him in voting tho
" Walker ticket," but, on the contrary sustained Gov-
ernor Wells as the regular Republican candidate, yet
from my long and intimate acquaintance witli Mr.
Booker I have no hesitation in saying that I regard
him as loyal to tho Government ot tho United States
and as devoted to its success and perpetuity as any
man in the State.
T have made this statement of Mr. Booker as an
act of justice to him, and in order that the committee,
which mayat the proper timehavo the subjcctunder
consideration, may know facts in relation to his case
which are well known and easily proved in this
county.
With sentiments of high regard, I am, your obe-
dient servant,
TT „ ^ „ C. Y. THOMAS.
Hon. B. j?. Butler.
I was a Wells Republican in the late Virginia can-
vass, but cordially and fully concur with Mr. Thomas,
who was himselfa staunch Wells Republican, in the
opinion that Mr. Booker is a good Republican, and
I earnestly hope he will not bo deprived of his scat
on mere technical grounds.
ROBERT W. HUGHES.
Mr. McKENZIE. Now, just let me say to
the House and to you, Mr. Speaker, that John
Minor Botts preserved every letter that he ever
received up to the day of his death. When he
died a lot of the old letters were burned, and
among others those of Mr. Booker. But a Sen-
ator from Virginia, Mr. Lewis, saw the corre-
spondence which was conducted between Mr.
Booker and Mr. Botts during the time of the
rebellion. Not before or after, Mr. Speaker,
because in the South it was agreat deal easier to
be a Union man after the rebellion than during
the time of it. It took something of a man to be
a Union man in the Commonwealth of Virginia
at that time. None of your babies would do
for that. [Laughter.] Well, all that corre-
spondence—and Senator Lewis has seen it—
shows that the sentiments of Mr. Booker dur-
iiig that time were loyal.
I will do Mr. Booker the justice to say that
he was a very timid man, and I am very sorry
that he had anything to do with sending supplies
to the rebel troops out there. But, as I have
said, he was a timid man, with a large family,
and there was great allowance to be made for
him. He would have done better to have acted
in a way to show that he cared for no man ;
still I have not the leastdoubt as to his loyalty.
That is my view of the case, and I hope the
House will admit this gentleman.
I do not feel much sympathy with the gen-
tlemen who have spoken on this subject on be-
half of Vermont. It was long after these
events that Mr. Tucker left Vermont to come
into the Commonwealth of Virginia, and he
had no knowledge of what had been going on
there. lie came in after the war into Fairfax
county, and after that he emigrated into the
county of Henry, to run for Congress against
this gentleman, believing that he could rely
upon getting a large colored vote. I thiuk-the
House should admit Mr. Booker. I have no
doubt they ought to do it, and I hope they
will.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I yield
five minutes to the gentleman from New
Hampshire. [Mr. Benton.]
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that a gentleman should not
be allowed to speak twice 011 a question until
other gentlemen who desire it have had an
opportunity of speaking.
Mr. BENTON. I am now to occupy that
part of my time which I desired to have before
and did not get.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. SCO-
field.) The time belongs to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Brooks,] who can
yield it to whom he pleases. The Chair over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. BENTON. I am sorry to disturb the
gentleman, but I hope he will possess his soul
in patience for five minutes.
1 was about to refer, when my time was sup-
posed to have expired before, to the course
pursued by Air. Booker, who claims that to
shield himself lie pretended to be in favor of
the confederate government, and held out to
the people that he was heart and soul with
them.
Mr. BOOKER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. BENTON. No, sir; in five minutes I
have not time to yield.
Mr. MAYNAilD. It seems to me to be
very unjust to allow these attacks to be made
■and give the party assailed no opportunity to
explain or reply.
ilr. BOOKER. Will not the gentleman
allow me to ask him one question?
Mr. BENTON. I decline to yield. The
gentleman says, and he has introduced testi-
mony to show, that he enlisted as an official
under the confederate government of the State
of Virginia to shield himself from persecution,
from the risk of offending public sentiment
and stirring up the hostility of individuals
who would commit violence upon his person.
Well, now, to show what was his motive, aud
to explain and prove that he was loyal during
the war, what does he do? He turns round
and says that his professing to be a.rebel and
to be in sympathy with the confederate gov-
ernment was all a feint, a pretense which
deceived nobody, for everybody knew during
the war that he was loyal.
That is the explanation he gives of his con-
duct to show the House that he was loyal.
Aside from the testimony that he has intro-
duced to show something of that sort there ia
nothing in this case except his own testimony
to show that he sympathized with the Govern-
ment during the war. Now, so far as his testi-
mony is concerned, I do not value it one straw
when I consider the fact that he has stood be-
fore this House and taken an oat.h that he never
sought, or accepted, or attempted to exercise
the functions of any office whatever under any
authority or pretended authority in hostility to
the United States, .when we know that he did
exercise the functions of county judge or justice
of the peace iu Virginia during the whole war.
I undertake to say that the position assumed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Brooks] is absurd in the extreme, when he
claims that by the action of the House this
gentleman is purged of his act in taking an
oath which he ought not to have takeu. The
idea that we can do anything to purge a gen-
tleman or to qualify liim to become a member
if he is disqualified under tiie Constitution is
most absurd, as it seems to me.
By the plain provisions of the Constitution
this gentleman is disqualified from holding tho
