1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
f °5noehalf °f the State of 01lio refases to ratify the
' *i?H 6ove.rnor be requested to for-
tlm i?,3.    fpreamble and resolu-
tho Tf£;?£i <w ftestedfct0 th0 Secretary of State of
A™ States, our Representatives and Senators
m Congress, and to the Governors of each of the
thirty-seven States in the Union.
<? 7 r.i F. W. XHORNHILL,
Speaker oj the House of Representatives.
3. C. LEE,
Passed May 4,1869. fnndaU °f tht
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
TT^r* HOWARD presented the petition of
7°?' t-?s.s ^Ikins, judge of tlie district court
of the United States for the eastern district of
Michigan, praying compensation for services
rendered the Government in ascertaining,
adjusting, and settling claims to land, and per-
forming other duties, in conformity with the
act approved May 28,1830 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HAMILTON presented the petition of
H. R. de La Reintrie, late vice consul general
of the United States at Havana, praying for
relief in the settlement of his accounts; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BAYARD presented the petition of J.
A. Robinson and others, citizens of Now Cas-
tle county, Delaware, praying that the names
of the surviving soldiers and sailors of the war
of 1812 and of the widows of such as are de-
ceased may be placed upon the pension-roll;
which was referred to the Committee oil Pen-
sions.
Mr. PERRY presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying that
the names of the surviving soldiers and sailors
of the war of 1812, or their surviving repre-
sentatives, maybe placed on the pension-roll;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
_ Mr. CONKLINGr presented a petition of
citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying
that the names of the surviving soldiers and
sailors of the war of 1812, or their surviving
representatives, as the case may be, may be
placed on the pension-roll; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylva-
nia, praying that the names of the surviving
soldiers and sailors of the war of 181 2, or
their surviving representatives, may be placed
upon the pension-roll; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a petition of
citizens of Polk county, Oregon, praying for
the establishment of a mail route from Amity,
in Yamhill county, to Sheridan, in the same
county; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
REPORTS OP 'COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom were referred two petitions
of citizens of Massachusetts, praying that a
reciprocity treaty may be made with the Domin-
ion of Canada and the British North Ameri-
can provinces in North America, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
327) for the relief of William H. Murphy, of
Parmington, Missouri; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. KELLOGG- asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 328) making an appropriation for removing
obstructions from the Bayou Teehe, in the State
of Louisiana; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 329)
making an appropriation for repairing and fin-
ishing the custom-house at New Orleans; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to beprinted.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 330) to provide for a building to be
used for a post office, revenue officers United
States court-room, and for judicial officers in
the city of Wilmington, in the State of North
Carolina; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 331)
to increase the mail steamship service between
the United States and China and Japan; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post lioads,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 332)
to fix the western terminus of the Pacific rail-
road ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 7G) extending the time for the
completion of the Atlantic and Pacific railroad;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
ABOLITION 01' LAND OFFICES.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Itemlvcd, That the Committee on Public Lands be
instructed to laiiuiro whether tho land otHccrs in tho
States Wluu'oin there are now no public lands for
salo may not bodispensed with, for trio benefit of the
publiu service.
TAX ON DISTILLED SPIRITS.
Mr. COLE submitted tho following resolu-
tion for consideration :
Ilcsotvcil, That tho Committee on Finance bo in-
structed to itKiuire into tho e.vpedtonoy of imposinff
a tax of one dollar a gallon upon all distilled spirits,
and also to inquire into tho expediency of collecting
tho tax upon all distill od spirits by taxing tho capacity
of tho si ills; and that the committee report by bil l
or otherwise.
REDUCTION OF 1'UNALTIES.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
That the Committee on Finance be in-
structed to inquire and report whether it be not
advisable to reduce the penalties mentioned ill tho
internal rovemie act of .July -0, 1S08.
ORDUIt OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next busi-
ness beforo the Senate will be the resolution
offered by tho Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Cahtenter] in regard to gun-boats built or
contracted for in the United States on behalf
of the Government of Spain. That Senator is
not now in his seat.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there be no other
business I suggest that we proceed with the
bill that I called up last evening.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine [Mr. Morrill] will be in the
Chamber in a few minutes. The Chair stated
to him privately that the morning-hour busi-
ness was exhausted. Notice has been given
that at half past twelve o'clock he will announce
the death of the late Senator from Maine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely desire to oc-
cupy the time of the Senate.
DEATH 01'' SENATOR FESSE.NDEN.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
one who at your adjournment in April had in
this Chamber become a familiar presence, a
prevading influence, comes not again at your
reassembling in December. The dull toll of
far-off bells, the visible emblems of mourning,
public and private, have spoken of bereave-
ment, and touch our hearts with deepest sensi-
bility.
These swiftly-repeating vicissitudes in the
personal destinies of those associated here ; a
consciousness of the numbers of the wise, the
patriotic, the trusted who of late have departed
hence—who come no more to these councils—
oppress as with the weight of a common mis-
fortune; and now a new absence at the roll-call
to earthly duty inflicts a fresh pang of regret.
A great public sorrow afflicts the people of
my State, a sense of bereavement the nation.
In especial sympathy with the common misfor-
tune the Senate pauses to pay its tribute of
respect to its eminent dead, the marked linea-
ments of whose form and character are vivid
still in the memory, who so lately stood here
in his high office, in the prominence of native
gifts and of a rich and varied experience, chal-
lenging the respect, the confidence, and the
admiration of his countrymen.
On the 8th day of September last, after a
career preeminent in professional and public
life beginning with his earliest manhood, and
having been constantly associated with the
courts, and officially in the public councils of
the State and nation, at the zenith of his fame
and in the full possession of his intellectual
faculties, William Pitt Fessenden was called
away from the scenes of earth.
The public career of Mr. Fessenden was
not in any sense problematical; and in this
presence a witness to so considerable a por-
tion of it, and in its just prominence so inti-
mately associated with the great events of our
more recent history, analysis of it would seem
to bo quite needless; while properly to other
hands and other occasions it may be left ade-
quately to portray those marked elements of
his character from which sprang his public
eminence.
His years of activity were divided between
public and professional life, to the latter of
which in early years he consecrated himself
with singular fidelity, his passionate fondness
for it remaining long after the exigencies of
the public service had severed all practical
connection with it. While the former was not
wholly uninterrupted and exclusive, it was suf-
ficiently continuous and devoted for contact,
connection, and familiarity with the politics
and public events of the day.
Entering the Legislature of his State at
twenty-six, he was returned at short intervals,
was early a member of Congress, again in the
Legislature, then advancing to this body, then
briefly minister of State, and finally again in
the Senate, where it may not unfitly be said
his service was continuous from its first begin-
ning to its final close.
Ilis early advent into the Legislature of his
State was noticeable for the concession of the
party in power to his eloquence and acquire-
ments, of positions of distinction and influence
which by usage belonged to political friends,
to riper years and larger experience.
On his entrance into the national House of
Representatives, himself among the youngest
of its members, he at once participated in the
important debates of that body, attracting
notice as a graceful orator and skillful debater
and for the comprehension and maturity of
his opinions.
His preeminent public career dates strictly
from his entrance into this-body in 1854, as
from this time he gave himself exclusively to
his public duties.
Simultaneously with his advent to the Senate
arose in Congress that class of public questions
which were calculated to test the temper of his
affections, the tenacity of his opinions, and the
steadiness of his purpose. Kansas-Nebraska,
the stalking-horse of slavery, which under an
affectation of defending the Constitution was
to conceal the guilty purpose of subversion of
democratic republican institutions, afforded an
opportunity for the exhibition of those poweis
of analysis, logic, and invective which have
rarely been surpassed in any legislative body.
