410
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27,
Ho. of Repp
Immigration and Suffrage—Mr. Fitch.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
told t,bat we are going to pay $1,500,000 for
San Domingo ; wo are going to pay $1,500,000
for the public works, for the property that
coiries into our hands—-SU.500,000 for what
cost many million dollars. I do not object to
paying that small sum, but I would pay nothing
l'or Cuba. 1 do not want to buy any more land.
Mr. SUMNER. What does my friend say
to the prospect of war in Sail Domingo, and
the probable cost to our country from a war?
Mr. CHANDLER. I am glad that the Sen-
ator has called my attention to that. I should
like to know if we take possession of San Do-
mingo and establish a territorial government
there who is going to light us. J suggest to
the Senator irom Massachusetts that if you
will hoist the American flag on San Domingo
you cannot get up a war. Do you suppose the
people there are going to light their benefactors ?
The Senator may ask me whether there was
not war after the annexation by France and by
Spain. I will tell you the reason of that.
France sent more than lifty thousand soldieis,
and expended more than lifty million dollars,
to reduce this people to slavery, and she failed ;
and I am glad that she did foil. Spain, even
as late as 1861, took possession of that island
as a free gift, and what was the first assertion
made by the man chief in command? lie said
that all the slaves that had escaped from Cuba
must be returned to their masters, and that
declaration went out among the Dominicans.
The Dominicans understood that that was the
cruel intention of the Spanish authorities, and
they rose against them. Besides, Spain ruled
them with a cruel despotism. Wo propose to
extend over them the protection of our flag.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I rise to
suggest that tho order of the day was passed
over informally. J do not want to interrupt
the Senator from Michigan, but I wish ho
would con line himself to the matter of com-
merce, and let us get at thobusiness of the day.
Mr. CHANDLKR. I have been confining
myself strictly to commerce. It is my earnest
desire to increase our commerce and to restore
the commerce of the world to our own Hag, I
have done my best in tho advocacy of that
policy. Of course 1 shall have to yield if I am
out of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The unfinished
business was passed over subject to a demand
for the regular order. The Chairdoesnot. under-
stand the Senator from Maine as demanding it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then 1 am very much
obliged to my friend from Maine, and 1 will
bring my remarks to a close.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is just what I want.
[Laugh ter.J
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senate will bear
mo witness 1 hat the questions which have been
put to me have extended my remarks longer
than they would otherwise have occupied. 1
had hoped to get through in an hour, but I have
not been able to do so. i beg the pardon of
the Senator from Maine for having detained
him so long from the business of the day.
Mr. President, last year England spent more
money to place a dry-dock upon a barren rock
in Nassau than the whole cost of San Domingo
wiH be to the United States; and yet she stands
back in holy horror and exclaims to us, "It
will not do for you to go off your continent;
you have got enough; stay where you are."
All the nations of the earth say the same thing,
"Do not, take possession of San Domingo."
They are opposed to our taking possession of
San Domingo. Why? They know that the
moment we take possession of San Domingo we
take control of the traffic of the Gulf, and for
that traffic they have been expending millions
upon millions of treasure and thousands upon
thousands of lives for tho last three hundred
years. England holds on to every rock she
owns in the Gulf with the tenacity of death.
Offer her $7,000,000 or $10,000,000 for any
worthless rock she owns and she will laugh in
your face. And yet she stands back in holy
horror for fear we shall get a position in the
Gulf. Mr. Alison ought to have waited before
he wrote that history. He never ought to have
written it until this day. I do not know that
my friend from Massachusetts was in when I
read that extract from Alison.
Mr. SUMNER. I know it perfectly. Iread
it long ago.
Mr. CHANDLER. He said the relinquish-
ment of San Domingo by the French was a
folly the like of which the world had never
seen. The world never had seen it up to that
time, and I do not think the world will ever
see it exceeded. But if this Senate should
reject the treaty for the acquisition of San
Domingo it would show a piece of folly be-
yond which that pales into utter and absolute
insignificance.
Now, sir, why can we not take possession
of this magnificent island of San Domingo,
the 1' Gem of the Antilles V' Why can wo not
take hold of this vast commerce that will make
the whole wotld tributary to us? I do not
know, sir. The world opposes us. There is
not a foreign minister here who is not opposing
this acquisition. The world is expending
money in this very town, in this very city of
Washington, to prevent us getting possession
of this island. Foreign Powers know that the
moment we take possession of San Domingo
the West India islands are virtually in our pos-
session. They know that when we raise the
American flag on the island of San Domingo
slavery falls in tho island of Cuba; and when
slavery falls, the island of Cuba falls into our
hands ; and it will not be, in my humble judg-
ment, live years before tho island of Cuba will
be ours, if we raise our flag in the island of
San Domingo.
Sir, 1 am not afraid of Cabral. Raise the
American Hag, and Cabral becomes as peace-
ful as the infant. Whom are they going to
contend against? The presence of a single
little ship of war in the bay of Satnana has
held that island perfectly quiet and quiescent
ever since it was placed there. Raise the
American flag, and you have peace, security,
and no war. Whom will they fight? Will
they fight their friends? Will they fight the
Government that gives them security? Mo,
sir ; you will have peace.
What, then, prevents us from instantly, n<nv,
going into executive session, and admitting the
island of San Domingo at once ? Diplomacy ;
nothing but diplomacy. Foreign diplomats
understand these things better than we do.
Diplomatic dinners have a great deal to do with
keeping out San Domingo. They understand
tho value of those things. We do not. They
want to hold the possessions they now have in
the Gulf, and they do not want us to interfere.
But wo are going to do it. We are going to
take Sau Domingo in, and then in process of
time we are going to take in Cuba and the other
islands ; and we are going to take in also the
dominion north of us. It is but a mere ques-
tion of time. Our commerce is going to grow
with our growth, and strengthen with our
strength, until we shall make all the world
tributary to us, then and forever after.
Chinese Immigration antl Chinese Suffrage.
REMARKS OF HON. THOMAS FITCH,
ojp nevada,
Ix the House op Representatives,
May 27, 1870,
0a tho bill (II. It, No. 1293) to enforce the riglit of
citizens of the United States to vote in the several
States of this Union, and for other purposes.
Mr. FITCH. With so much of the speech
of the gentleman from California [Mr. John-
son] as expresses unfriendliness to the encour-
agement of Chiuess immigration I earnestly
concur. I do not believe in the cheap labor
which supplants contented and well-paid toil,
nor in that social theory which would force the
Caucasian to rival the domestic economy of the
Asiatic. I do not believe in the policy of in-
troducing extensively into this country a race
whohaveadistmcteivilization, religion, habits,
and language of their own; a race who are alike
incapable and unworthy of assimilation with
ours ; a race with whom polygamy is a practice
and female chastity is not a virtue ; a race who
are thrifty in habit yet slothful in thought, apt
yet retrogressive, educated yet without news-
papers, courageous yet without self-respect,
honest in monetary affairs yet without moral
principle, faithful to obligations yet utterly des-
titute of any regard for the truth ; a race which
rears no families and acquires no landed prop-
erty among us, possesses no past and hopes
for no future in common with our civilization,
aud whose members are of their own will per-
petual strangers in this land, where they never
design to remain, and from which they contract
to have even their dead bodies exported.
I hope at a proper time and upon an appro-
priate bill to awaken the attention if not the
apprehension of the House to the pending
problem of the next decade, and to appeal to
gentlemen to enact some measure which shall
legally and effectively stay the further influx of
Chinese immigration.
Only liere can that tide be stayed. The
States of the Pacific are powerless to legiti-
mately resist it. It is no act of statesmanship
to bum a steamer or mob a Chinese factory.
The Chinese who are here under existing laws
and treaties are entitled to be protected in then-
persons aud property, and the Pacific coast
cannot resist the power of the Federal Govern
ment. We cannot offer isolated, ineffectual
opposition to the incoming of these Asiatics.
We must appeal to the wisdom and justice of
Congress to save the fair slopes of the Pacific
from being overrun and devastated by these
Asian locusts; and if we appeal as one people,
without seeking to make it a partisan question,
we may not appeal in vain.
The difficulty is that our Democratic friends
in Californiaand Nevada and Oregon and Idaho
aud Washington are more anxious to fasten
upon the Republican paity of this nation the
chai'ge of being favorable to Chinese immigra-
tion and Chinese suffrage than they are to pre-
vent either. If my friend from California [Mr.
Johxkox] would give as much effort to the
honest solution of a problem for which noparty
is responsible as he bestows in endeavoring to
manufacture some partisan advantage out of
that problem it would be better for the cause
of the laborers of the Pacific.
Sir, were I disposed to make political capital
out of this great and troublesome question, 1
might say that the Democracy obtained power
in California last fall upon the distinct proposi-
tion that if elected theirlegisiators would enact
laws which should effectually prohibit Chinese
from becoming voters, if not cause their depor-
tation from the country. That party obtained
an almost unanimous representation in the Cali-
fornia Legislature. They already had posses-
sion of the executive department, and accident
gave them control of a majority of the supreme
court. Congress did not, inhibit them ; theroad
was clear for them to enact such laws and con-
strue such laws us to them might seem best
about the Chinese. Public opinion was ready
to indorse them in any measure, however ex-
treme, and the Democratic masses anxiously
awaited the fulfillment of the pledges upon which
their leaders obtained power. Sir, what have
they done? Oh, ignoble conclusion! After
several months' session this Democratic Legis-
lature recently adjourned without enacting any
law at all upon the subject of Chinese suffrage,
or any effective law upon the subject of Chinese
