1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3313
ant Secretory there. Now, it matters not what
you call the persons who assist the head of a
Department. In the Treasury Department
there are some four or five Auditors and sev-
eral Comptrollers. All these persons are heads j
of bureaus and assistants to the Secretary of J
the Treasury. Iu the Post Office Department :
tliey have a First and Second Assistant Post-
master General, and perhaps a Third Assistant
Postmaster General. One of them is at the
liead of the contract office, and another is at
the head of some other bureau of the Post
Office Department. Now, in the Navy Depart-
ment we have quite a number of these chiefs
of bureaus.
Mr. SHERMAN. Eight of them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are eight assist-
ants, then, to the Secretary of the Navy; and
itisnot, as the Senator from Missouri supposes,
that these chiefs are performing the duty of
naval officers. I will say to my friend from
Nevada, who seemed disposed to think they
were acting as naval officers, that they are not
on board ship when they are acting as the chief
oftheBureau of Equipment, or the chief of the j
Bureau of Construction and Repair, or as the
chief ofthe Bureau of Provisions and Clothing.
Mr. NYE. I was aware of that before the
honorable Senator declared it so solemnly;
but I should like to ask him whether they are
any the less naval officers from that fact ? I
knew what he stated before he told me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like the Sen-
ator from Nevada to inform me what becomes
of this money that is appropriated here ? For
instance, I find an appropriation "for chief
of Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting, chief
clerk," who gets but $2,000; "one clerk of
class four," who gets $1,800; "one clerk of
class three," who gets $1,600 ; "two clerks of
class two," $1,400 each; making $2,800; "two
clerks of class one," $1,200 each; "one mes-
senger," $750; " and one laborer; $15,460."
The whole of these clerks together get but
$12,100. What becomes of theother $3,360?
Does not the chief get it ?
Mr. NYE. It pays the salary of the officer; j
Mr. TRUMBULL. It pays the salaries of I
all these officers, leaving out the chief of the j
bureau. He must get the balance.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator will allow
me to say that the chiefs of these bureaus get
just precisely what their naval pay is, and they
are detailed to this service. That is what they
are to do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I should like aa
explanation from somebody, from the Senator
from Nevada if he can give it. The amount
fixed-by law for the various clerks in these
bureaus does not make the aggregate that is
appropriated here for salaries; it lacks several
thousand dollars of it; and I should like to
know if the chief does not get the rest of it?
Mr. NYE. He does get it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So I supposed. Then it
appears that the chief of the Bureau of Navi-
gation gets $3,900. The Senator from Kansas
has the official statement, by whieh you will
see the sum that each one gets; but taking the
appropriation bill as we have it before us it will
be fonnd that these various assistants, for they
are nothing else, of the Secretary of the Navy
are receiving salaries of from three to four thou-
ttnd dollars, and there are some eight of them.
They are not called assistants. Itisnotnecessary
that the head of the contract office in the Post
Office Department ahonld be called an Assist-
ant Postmaster General. He would be just as
much an assistant if he were called the chief
of the contract office as he is when he is called
the Second or Third Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral. So it will be seen that we hove in the
Navy Department these chiefs of bureaus who
hate an appropriation in this bill for theiir
compensation. They do not receive theiir
compensation, it seems, through the ordinary
appropriation for the officers of the Navy. I
suppose there is an appropriation in this bill
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 208.
somewhere to pay the offioers of the Navy
generally.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir; that is in the naval
appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is in another
appropriation bill, then; but here in this bill
they are paid as civil officers.
Mr. DRAKE. The same salary that they
would receive if they were on shipboard as
naval officers. I
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it is the same !
thing as if they were civilians, and you have
these eight persons here performing the duties
of civilians who are receiving salaries of from
three to four thousand dollars and are the
mere assistants of the Secretary of the Navy.
This sweeps away entirely the whole basis
upon which the Senator from Missouri rests
his support of the proposition to increase the
salary of this chief clerk.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will not prolong this de-
bate; but I supposed every Senator in this
body knew that the money was appropriated
annually to pay the salaries of the heads of
the bureaus in the Navy Department and War
Department as officers of the Army and Navy,
instead of coming out of the appropriations for
the civil service.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg leave to correct
my friend. He certainly, does not want to fall
into aa error in a matter of this kind. I have
the law before me. The law gives to the heads
of these bureaus $3,500 a year each. Where
ever their pay as officers of the Ni^vy exceeds
the salary they draw their pay. Wherever
the pay is less than the salary they draw the
salary of the head of a bureau. For instance,
the pay of the officer who has charge of the
Bureau of Equipment—Mr. Lenthall, f think—r
probably would fall under the pay of a head of
a bureau. The salary is fixed at $3,600, unless
otherwise provided by law.
Mr. CRAGIN. It is " otherwise provided"
in every case.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose they all gee
probably over that,
Mr. CRAGIN. All of thea* get more than
$3,500, according to their rank in the service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. , Not by this bill They
do not get over $3,500—r
Mr. CRAGIN. I think- every one of them
gets more than that. -
Mr. TRUMBULL. If you will compute
the amounts .tbe bill appropriates, a ad take out
the pay of the subordinate clerks in some of
these bureaus, you will find that there is not
$3,500 left.
Mr. CRAGIN. I am not quite positive;
but I think the lowest bureau office? itl the
Navy Department is a captain, and I think the
pay of a captain, including allowances, is over
$3,500.
Mr. ANTHONY. 'Three thousand seven
hundred and thirty-three dollars.
Mr. POMEROY. The lowest officer is
$3,733 33.
Mr. CRAGIN. There are sofne heads of
bureaus who are rear admirals; and they draw
the pay of rear admirals. Those whti are com-
modores draw pay of commodores; those who
are captains the pay of a captain. Just so it
is in the War Department. It is true that these
bureau officers are of assistance to the Secre-
tary and to some extent they take special charge
of tbe business pertaining to their bui«aus.
But the chief clerk of the Navy Department
has a.general business to perform. It is well
known that there are thousands, I may almost
say, of officers of the Navy scattered all over
the world. They are in constant correspond-
ence with tbe Department; and this chief clerk
is the man who has to write all the letters to
all the offioers of the Navy gaattered throughout
the length and breadth of the world.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What are the three
clerks of class four ia his office*doing?
Mr. CRAGIN. Some of tbem undoubtedly
assist him. Tbefa in the matter of appoint-
ments and the matter of promotions and the
matter of commissions 
Mr. TRUMBULL. He has at least twenty
clerks to assist him.
Mr. CRAGIN. Whatever may be the duties
of the other clerks, if anybody will look over
this bill, I think he will find just fifty-one clerks,
civilians, in the entire Navy Department and in
all its bureaus combined. Theforcewasreduced
last spring, I think, thirty-three and one third
per cent, at least, and it has actually thrown
great burdens on the ohief clerk. I know from
observation, I know from the general testimony
of the office, that that is the fact. If it is the
judgment of the Senate that his salary ought
not to be increased, I have nothing to say.
I am myself opposed generally to the increase
of salaries ; I would rather go for a reduction;
but having seen this man in the performance
of his duty dayafterday, knowingthathe works
out of office hours and almost Sundays—I know
he does on some occasions work on the Sab-
bath day, and is compelled to do so to keep up
his work—I felt willing, and I am anxious, this
little pittance should be given to him.
, Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I am op-
posed to the increase of salaries; but although
this increase is small, involving as the amend-
ment does the principle of the increase of
salaries, it is of some importance. I rose, how-
ever, to direct attention to another point. If
I apprehend the argument made in favor of
this increase, it is the appropriate argument to
show, not that' the increase here suggested
should be made, but to show there is an un-
equal distribution of duties and of labors in
this Department. I infer from what is said by
the Senators from Missouri and New Hamp-
shire that either occasionally or continually
the person whose interest is here involved is
doing a much larger share of duty than would
pertain to him in case there were anything
like an equal distribution; and I submit, if
that be so, tbe remedy is not to graduate
the pay by the faet that the particular officer
for the present is a good one, nor by the fact
that at the moment he has devolved upon him
extraordinary and temporary duties. The
remedy is rather to remove the evil, to pro-
vide either by, legislation or by administration
for a more just and equable distribution of
labor.
The honorable Senatorfrom New Hampshire
said, if I understood him, at first that this offi-
cer conducted all the correspondence himself.
That would be very strange if it were so; but
modifying bis statement be says some of the
clerks aid him. Very well; if clerks enough
do not aid him to enable him to complete his
duties without working nights and Sundays, as
it seems1 he doe$, then more clerks of those
that are there should be aiding him, Tather
than aiding some other -head of a bureau or
chief who it appears from these statements has
much lighter labors than are devolved on this
particular individual. Therefore I see no rea-
son, for one, for voting for this increase, but
rather, if the. e(vil exist, for voting for some-
thing, if legislation be necessary, which shall
apply the appropriate cure. '* . ,
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose the honorable
Senator who has charge of this bill does not
expect to dispose of it to-night. It is now
nearly ten o'clock. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will withdraw that motion I think we may get
through with the reading of the text of the bill.
There are only four or five more pages, and I
thought we might get through reading the text
of the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not wish to embarrass
the Senator in the consideration of the bill if
it is his wish to continue.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senate
will allow this question to be parsed over- until
to-morrow we can then complete the reading
of the bill in ten or fifteen minutes.
