1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
113
his place as debater rather than orator. This
place he held to the end without a superior—
without a peer. Nobody could match him in
immediate and incisive reply. His words were
swift and sharp as a cimeter, or, borrowing
an illustration from an opposite quarter, he
"shot flying" and with unerring aim. Bat
while this great talent secured for him always
the first honors of debate, it was less import-
ant with the country, which, except in rare
instances, is more impressed by ideas and by
those forms in which truth is manifest.
The Senate has changed much from its ori-
ginal character, when, shortly after the forma-
tion of the national Government, a Nova Scotia
paper, while declaringthat the habitsof the peo-
ple here are very favorable to oratory, could
say: "Thereis but one assembly in the whole
range of the Federal Union in which oratory is
deemed unnecessary, and, I believe, even ab-
surd and obtrusive; to wit, the Senate, or upper
House of Congress. They are merely a deliber-
ative meeting, in which every man delivers his
concise opinion, one leg over the other, as they
did in the First Congress, when an harangue
was a great rarity." {United States Gazette,
Philadelphia, Dec. 31. 1789.) Speech was,
then, for business and immediate eifect in the
Chamber. Since then the transformation has
proceeded—speech becoming constantly more
important—until now, without neglect of busi-
ness, the Senate has become a center from
which to address the country. A seat here is
a lofty pulpit with a mighty sounding-board,
and the whole wide-spread people is the con-
gregation.
As Mr. Fessenden rarely spoke except for
business, what he said was restrained in its
influence, but it was most effective in this
Chamber, Here was his empire and his
undisputed throne. Of perfect integrity and
austerest virtue, he was inaccessible to those
tempations which in various forms beset the
avenues of public life. Most faithfully and
constantly did he watch the interests intrusted
to him. Here he was a model. Holding the
position of chairman of the Finance Commit-
tee, while it yet had those double duties which
are now divided between two important com-
mittees, he became the guardian of the national
Treasury, both in its receipts and its expendi-
tures, so that nothing was added to it or taken
from it without his knowledge, and how truly
he discharged this immense trustall will attest.
Nothing could leave the Treasury without
showing a passport. This service was the
more momentous from the magnitudeof the
transactions involved, for it was during the
whole period of the war, when appropriations
responded to loans and taxes—-all being on a
scale beyond precedent in the world's history.
On these questions, sometimes so sensitive and
difficult and always so grave, his influence was
beyond that of any other Senator and constantly
swayed the Senate. All that our bestgenerala
were in arms he was in the financial field.
Absorbed in his great duties and confined
too much by the training of a profession which
too often makes its foliower slave where he is
not master, he forgot sometimes that cham-
pionship which shone so brightly when he first
entered the Senate. Ill health came with its
disturbing influence, and without any of the
nature of Hamlet his conduct at times suggested
those words by which Hamlet pictures the short-
comings of life:
" And thus the native hue of resolution
Is sicklied o'er with the pale cast ot thought;
And enterprises of great pith and moment,
With this regard, their currents turn awry,
And lose the namo of action."
Men are tempted by the talent which they
possess, and he could not resist the impulse to
employ, sometimes out of place, those extraor-
dinary powers which he commanded so easily.
More penetrating than grasping, he easily
pierced the argument of his opponent, and,
once engaged, he yielded to the excitement
of the moment and the joy of conflict. His
words warmed, as the Olympic wheel caught
41st Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 8.
fire in the swiftness of the race. _ If, on these
occasions, there were sparkles which fell where
they should not have fallen they cannot be
remembered now. Were he still among us,
face to face, it were better to say, in the words
of that earliest recorded reconciliation:
"Let us no more contend, nor blame
Each other, blamed enough elsewhere, but strive
In offices of love how wo may lighten.
Each other's burden in. our share of woe."
Error and frailty checker the life of man.
If this were not so earth would be heaven, for
what could add to the happiness of life free
from error or frajlty ? The Senator we mourn
was human; but the error and frailty which
belonged to him often took their color from
virtue itself. On these he needs no silence;
even if the grave which is now closing over
him did not refuse its echoes except to what is
good.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ Mr. President, while
these last rites are taking place, even though
unsolicited, my feelings would not have allowed
the occasion to pass away without laying upon
the grave of our departed brother some token
of my affection and regard; and though the
flowers I bring are gathered by the wayside
they represent a love and a respect no less
sincere than those which have been more skill-
fully selected and arranged for the occasion.
Others have spoken, and truly, of the loss
which the Senate and the nation have sustained
in the death of Mr. Fessenden*. His clear
intellect, quick perception, and incisive man-
ner of speaking gave him great power in a
legislative body, and when added to these are
purity of character, spotless integrity, a high
sense of honor, together with love of country
and of liberty, you have the useful and accom-
plished statesman, and such was fir: Fessen-
dex. As a debater, engaged in the current
business of legislation, the Senate has not had
his equal in my time. No man could detect a
sophistry, or perceive a scheme or a job quicker
than he, and none possessed the power to ex-
pose it more effectually. He was a practical,
matter-of-fact man ; in other words, a business
man, utterly abhorring all show, pretension,
and humbug. He was laborious, careful, and
pains-taking; punctual and attentive to busi-
ness, understood well the meaning of words,
and was precise in their use.
Being a practical man he seldom if ever made
what are called set speeches or orations. Ho
never spoke except to the question before the
Senate; and in controversies, whether with
political adversaries or in regard to current busi
ness, he had no superior in the body. I well
recollectthe estimate put upon Mr. Fessendek
as a well-informed ready debater, when I first
came to the Senate. At that time it consisted
of sixty-two members, of whom only fifteen
were Republicans. It was a time of high party
excitement. The majority were domineering
and often offensive to members of the minority.
They controlled the business of the Senate and
could take their own time to assail minority
Senators or the views they entertained, and it
was not uncommon for members of the domi-
nant party to go out of their way to seek con-
troversies with and assail certain Senators in
the minority less practiced in debate than them-
selves and over whom they supposed they could
obtain some advantage ; but they never sought
controversies with Mr. Fessendes', and when
a debate did incidentally spring up between
him and some political opponent I have not
forgotten how pleased and gratified his political
associates were that the discussion was in the
hands of one so competent to maintain it on
their part.
No political friend ever feared the result of a
discussion of any kind in which Mr. Fessende^
was engaged. The period of his public services
embraces the most important events which have
occurred in ournation's history, and he was a
prominent actor in them all. Either as the
head of the Finance Committee of this body,
or as Secretary of the Treasury, he took a
principal part in originating, maturing, and
giving practical effect to that financial policy
which furnished the sinews by which the great
rebellion was crushed. The war over, he took
a leading part in the difficult work of restoring
order to a country torn asunder by four years
of remorseless civil war, and was especially
conspicuous in those measures which we all
trust are soon to bring into harmonious rela-
tions all the States of the Union. As a public
officer and a Senator he was scrupulously care-
ful of the interests and the honor of the Gov-
ernment. So zealous was he in this respect,
and so little patience had he with any attempt to
take advantage of the Government, or with
demagogism or shams of any kind, that some
attributed to him an austerity and irritability
which did not belongto him as a man. Itwas
only as an official that he sometimes seemed
hard and austere. As an individual in the
private walks of life he was full of sympathy
and kindness and charity. When the sad tidings
of his death flashed across the land its public
men and we who were his associates were not
the only ones who felt the shock, but it fell
with still heavier force on many an obscure and
lowly one who had enjoyed his favor and been
the recipient of his unostentatious bounty. In
the discharge of public duty he stood erect,
unmoved alike by threats of vengeance or prom-
ises of favor. In private life he was kind and
gentle and obliging.
But I did not rise so much to speak of the
great abilities and noble traits of character
which have made Mr. Fessendbx's death to
be felt as a national calamity as of the personal
loss which I myself feel at his departure. Only
three others are now left who were here when
I came to the Senate, and there is but one who
came with me. There has been no one here
since I came to whom I oftener went for coun-
sel and whose opinions I have been accustomed
more to respect than those of our departed
friend. There were occasions during our four-
teen years' service together when we differed
about minor matters and had controversies for
the time unpleasant, but I never lost my respect
for him nor do I believe he ever did his for me.
He was my friend, more closely perhaps the
last year or two than ever before. Like other
Senators, I shall miss him in the daily transac-
tions of this Chamber, and perhaps more than
any other shall miss him as the one person
from whom I most frequently sought advice.
I am not one of those, however, who believe
that constitutional liberty, our free institutions,
or the progress of the age depend upon any one
individual. When the great and good Lincoln
was stricken down I did not believe that the
Government would fail or liberty perish.
Though his loss may have subjected the coun-
try to many trials it would not otherwise have
had, still our Government stands and liberty
survives.
Another has taken Mr. Fessenden's place ;
others will soon occupy ours, to discharge their
duties better perhaps than we have done, and
he among us to-day will be fortunate indeed,
if when his work on earth is done he shall
leave behind him a life so pure and useful, a
reputation so unsullied, a patriotism so ardent,
and a statesmanship so conspicuous as Wil-
liam Pitt Fessexdex.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, it is not
with the expectation of adding anything to
what has been said, but rather for the gratifi-
cation of my own feelings, that I rise to add one
more tribute to the worth of our friend whose
face we shall not again see with mortal eyes.
His history has been recited by those who
knew him from his youth, his character has
been depicted by those who loved him. Much
of that history passed under our own observa-
tion ; and all of that character was appreciated
and admired by those who were associated with
him in this body, and who, by general consent,
accorded to him a place second to that of no
man in it.
