1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
41st Cong....2d Sess
•Pensions to Soldiers of War o/1812—-Mr. Butler.
Ho. of Reps.
immigration. So far from expressing their
dislike of the Chinamen they passed a law to
encourage that people to remain here by levy-
ing a tax upon the exhumation and exportation
of their dead bodies.
It is idle to say that the fifteenth amendment
interposed between them and legislation which
would have prevented Chinese suffrage. The
fifteenth amendment prohibits distinctions on
account of " race, color, or previous condition
of servitude," but it leaves the States free to
make distinctions on account of nativity, sex.
age, religion, or education. It was within the
power of the California Legislature last winter,
it will be within the power of the Nevada Legis-
lature this winter, to enact a law excluding
from the ballot-box all persons born within
those degrees of latitude and longitude which
inclose the empires of China and Japan, orall
persons who are pagans, or all persons who do
not speak the English language. I say it is
within the power of the Nevada Legislature
to enact such a law without acting in hostility
to the fifteenth amendment, and I suppose I
violate no confidence now in stating that the
original draft of that amendment, as reported
by Governor Boutwell, of Massachusetts, to
the Reconstruction Committee of the Fortieth
Congress, contained the words " nativity and
religious belief."
I chanced to be present in Washington, al-
though not then a member of this House, and
represented to Mr. Boutwell that with the
words "nativity and religious belief" in we
could not exclude the Chinese from the ballot
if we should so desire, and Nevada would not
in my opinion ratify the fifteenth amendment
if it should be so framed as to prohibit the
exclusion of the Chinese from the right of
suffrage. The language of the fifteenth amend-
ment was subsequently modified and the words
"nativity and religious belief" were stricken
out. I do not assume that it wa3 modified in
accordance with my suggestion, but it was mod-
ified, and Nevada was the first State to ratify
this great measure of peace and justice.
Sir, if there shall be any desire manifested
by the Chinese to become voters it is within
the power of the Pacific States to exclude them
on account of their nativity or religious belief
or lack of knowledge of the English tongue.
The latter two disqualifications may of course
be removed by conversion or education ; the
former never can, although in effect there is
quite as little probability of their being^ "born
again" religiously as physically. If it shall
become necessary to pass laws to prevent
Chinese suffrage in Nevada the Republican
party will do it, and I presume the Republican
party in California will do it. One thing at
least we know by experience, and that is that
the Democratic party will not do it; whether
because of the power and influence of the See
Tup Company over Democratic legislators,
or because of the natural inherent disposition
of Democratic leaders to leave unfulfilled the
promises upon which they obtained power, I
cannot say.
Sir, all this cry about the Republican party
being in favor of "Chinese suffrage" is an
unmitigated and transparent humbug. There
are not ten American Citizens, of whatever
political faith, upon the Pacific coast who favor
Chinese suffrage, or who would fail to antago-
nize any proposition to give the ballot to the
Chinaman.
Sir, I do not propose to enter at length at
this time upon a discussion of this Chinese
question. I trust I have been sufficiently ex-
plicit to convey to my constituents a knowl-
edge of my views with respect to the Chinese
question. I shall take occasion at the earliest
opportunity to press these views upon the atten-
tion of the House and the country, and I beg
leave to say. in the mean time, iu reply to my
friend from'California, [".Mr. Johnsom.] (who
seems to have composed his interesting essay
with one eye on the Democratic exigencies of
his district and the other on the Encyclopaedia,)
that the bill now under consideration is simply
an act to prevent his party friends from ren-
dering the fifteenth amendment nugatory with
regard to colored citizens, and that it does not
touch in any manner the questions of Chinese
immigration or Chinese suffrage.
Pensions to Soldiers of War of 1812.
REMARKS 01? HON. R. R. BUTLER,
OF TENNESSEE,
Is the House op Representatives,
May 28, 1870,
On the bill (II. E. No, 1829) granting pensions to cer-
tain soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812.
Mr. BUTLER, ofTennessee. Mr. Speaker,
coming from a district that has perhaps as many
if not more soldiers of the war of 1812 than
any district in the United States, I feel that I
would be untrue to those old patriots if I did
not say a word in theirbehalf. Those old men
have expected and patiently looked fortheir ser-
vices to the country to be recognized as were the
soldiers of the revolutionary war by Congress
granting them a pension to smooth the last few
years of their lives and enabling them in the
evening of life to cease from labor and care
and eat the bread of a great patriotic Govern-
ment who has always taken care of those who
took care of the Government.
More than half a century since those old
men went to war in defense of a weak and
struggling nation, stimulated alone by patriot-
ism ; no national, count}', or city bounty was
presented or promised; no promises made for
the support and maintenance of their families
in their absence. Those then young, athletic,
now old, time-worn patriots shouldered their
long rifles and knapsacks, bade adieu to all
that was near and dear, and marched on foot
hundreds of miles to meet the British foe,
trusting alone in their strong arms and the jus-
tice of their cause. Then, sir, there were no
railroads upon which a soldier could in a day
or two at most be transported from his home
to the front; weeks and months were consumed
by the soldier in making his march to the
battle-field, never thinking of returning to his
home until his term of service expired. His
pay was small, only eight dollars per month,
his rations short, his bed his blanket, his cover
the heavens. There were no sanitary or Chris-
tian commissions to look after the sick and
wounded. Mr. Speaker, is it just and right
to pension those old men and widows'? If so,
then let us do it at once and no longer with-
hold from them the small pittance. It will be
much to them and but little to the Govern-
ment.
In 1831 Congress passed a general law giv-
ing to the soldiers of the revolutionary war a
pension. Only forty-eight years had elapsed
since the war. Now, sir, more than fifty-five
years have passed since peace was declared in
February, 1815. Before the nation was com-
pelled by force to put down the rebellion those
old men were meeting annually at the nation's
capital, demanding recognition, and no one
doubts but for the rebellion that long since
those men and widows would have been pen-
sioned. But, sir, it is not too late to do those
who still survive justice. Whenever the ques-
tion is raised the opponents of the bill declare
that it will be burdensome on the tax-payers,
and the drain on the Treasury will be too
heavy.
Sir, the tax-payers never will complain at
the small pittance that may be required of them
to pay these old men and women. My opinion
is that if any gentleman on the floor believes
that his constituents will complain of him for
voting to pension the soldiers of the war of
1812 and their widows that he mistakes their
patriotism and underrates their sense of jus-
tice. As to depleting the Treasury that cer-
tainly will scare no one, for we propose by the
tax bill we are now considering to take off
$80,000,000 per annum. Why, sir, the re
ceipts yesterday of the revenue were $1,000,000.
Think of it; $1,000,000 in a day. And we
are alarmed, whenever the poor old soldier.-,
are to be pensioned, about taking too much
money out of the Treasury. Mr. Speaker, tiie
pensions to those old men and widows can In-
paid and no one injured, no great enterprise
retarded, no promise or pledge of the nation
not fulfilled.
Sir, it will strengthen the faith of the nation's
creditors instead of weakening them; it will
show to the world that with our large national
debt that our resources are so great that we can
meet promptly every obligation of the nation,
and provide pensions for our soldiers both of
the late and old wars. Shall we do it? Shall
the Republican party accomplish this grateful
and just act? That party saved the life of the
nation ; has secured and guarantied equal rights
to all men ; is paying off the national debt at
the rate of $100,000,000 annually, and has
brought the country out of almost financial ruin
and placed our securities at the head of the list
of safe and reliable investment. Then let us
do our duty in this matter.
Sir, this Government pays annually to its
pensioners in round numbers $30,000,000,
and one item of taxation brings into our
Treasury more than that amount. We collect
a tax of five per cent, on all incomes after de-
ducting $1,000; that tax comes off the wealthy
class and is not felt by them ; they are adding
every day to their wealth, and we take a small
pittance from their great incomes and give it
to our soldiers who protected our flag and
saved the country from ruin, and enabled
those rich men to enjoy their wealth with an
assurance of ample and full protection. The
bill does not meet my approbation in all things ;
the feature which makes a distinction between
the soldier who has a means of support and one
who has not, is in my judgment wrong. The
object of granting pensions is to reward the
soldier for his services and patriotism ; it is to
place on him a mark of distinction that he may
well be proud of. He can say, " I am in receipt
of a pension from my Government because I
stood by the flag of my country in my youth.
I stood between it and the British foe that
was trying to pull it down and humble my Gov-
ernment—then iu its infancy, now a giant
among the nations of the earth ; then we ex-
pected nothing from our Government; she was
weak and poor, now strong and rich ; then we
were young and strong, now old and feeble.
Shall the Government turn us away empty, or
make a distinction between us?"
It is said by my colleague on the committee
that if one is able to support himself or has a.
contract for his maintenance that he should
not De pensioned. I do not think so; if a
soldier has been prudent and industrious and
saved a competency and another has been idle
and improvident, I do not believe that one
should be rewarded and the plher not. Bu'.
sir, as I cannot have my desire about the bill
1 must take it as it is, believing that in a short
time justice will be done all, without regard
to length of service or pecuniary condition.
By the announcement of the passage of this
bill thousands of sad hearts will rejoice and
the prayer of those old men and women will
be that Heaven's choicest blessings may he
showered upon those who did so noble a deed.
Sir, if this bill shall become a law, as I fer-
vently trust it will, I will always feel proud that
I was a member of the committee who brought
forward the same and had an opportunity to
cast my vote for it.
