1426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
in it. Its mineral resources surpass compre-
hension. '{'here is no time for faint-hearted-
ness. We will make that portion of the land
teem with wealth and make it -a blessing to
mankind. This is our destiny. Why talk about
corporations and monopolies? This system is
the salvation of the country. I have great faith
in its workings in different States; but there is
no time to go into detail now. I have already
occupied too much time.
Mr. CASSERLY. Before the Senator sits
down, as he seems to be addressing himself to
me in these enthusiastic denunciations of ob-
struction and obstructionists 
Mr. STEWART. Not at all.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then, if the Senator
refers to the Senator from Ohio, who is not
here, I desire for him, in his absence, to say
that I am unable to see the application of these
eloquent philippics. Noboay I suppose is in
favor of obstructing the march of progress ,
either by railroads or other means.
Mr. STEWART. I have simply this to
say 
Mr. CASSERLY. Allow me just-one mo-
ment further. As I do not intend to make any
speech on the subject now before the Senate I
desire, with the Senator's permission, to say a
word further. I understand the objection of
the Senator from Ohio to be not to aiding rail-
roads, nor to railroads in themselves, but to
the policy which has tied np illimitable tracts
of the lands of the country in the hands of
corporations. I am sure the Senator from
Nevada does not require from me any dis-
claimer of hostility to railways or to that form
of American enterprise which has done so much
for our coast. Certainly I have no feeling of
hostility to the company of whose large landed
possessions I just now spoke, the Central
Pacific Railroad Company; but I simply desired
to draw the attention of the Senator to the
facts in reply to his argument that granting
lands to railroads tends to distribute them into
private ownership more rapidly than in any
other way. In answer to that argument I
sought to draw his attention to the fact that
that has not proved to be the case in reference
to one of the greatest of our Pacific railways,
that one which is in our own State.
Mr. STEWART. I understood the Senator
from Ohio to oppose the system established by
this Government of granting aid to construct
railroads, and I understand that to be the posi-
' tion of the Senator from California. I under-
take to say that that is unsound, it is unstates-
manlike, it is a step backward. I do not desire
to accuse those gentlemen of being obstruction-
ists, but I can speak of that argument as behind
the age. It is a plea for desolation; it is a plea
for the abandonment of the great West; it is a
plea for leaving that country to savages; it is a
plea against the manufactures of the East; it
is a plea against the labor of Europe; it is a
plea against the progress of civilization. We
will civilize that country; we will develop its
resources; we will make highways over it for
men. I do not intend to indulge in any phil-
ippic or to question any person's motives; but
1 say the position that this is a bad policy is
unsound) and has been condemned for twenty
years by the repeated votes of both Houses of
Congress upon mature discussion.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I think one
of the great problems of the age is cheap and
rapid transportation. There has been nothing,
there is nothing which will so well develop
tKe resources of the country as that whicn
will cheapen the transportation of the pro-
ducer to the distant market. The interior of
our country without auxiliary aid would be
worthless for agricultural purposes. Under
the old modes of transportation centuries
would roll away before they could be popu-
lated. No one thing has served so faithfully
and so efficiently to secure that needed trans-
portation as the system of railroads. All that
has been said by the Senator who has just
taken his seat is eminently just and true; and
I think the Seuator who rises here in his place
for the purpose of placing obstructions in the
progress of improvement and the development
of the interior of our country mistakes the con-
dition and the spirit of the times. The whole
system of land grants and aids by the Govern-
ment for the construction of railroadsas a means
to develop the country and to favor transporta-
tion has been very familiar to myself. I be-
lieve I was here at its inauguration, and have
remained here most of the time since. I con-
fess very frankly that in the early period I had
some doubts about it, but those doubts have
long since left me. Bnt if at that period of
time I had doubted even to the point of objec-
tion, it would seem to me that a system so well
established and applied to so many localities
not only furnishes a justification, but makes a
demand upon ns that we shall apply it in
equity to other localities. I do not recollect
just at this moment the area of Oregon, but I
think it is a hundred thousand square miles.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Nearly one hundred
thousand square miles.
Mr. FOWLER. It is ninety-five thousand
two hundred and seventy-four.
Mr. HAMLIN. My recollection was that it
was about one hundred thousand square miles.
Mr. SUMNER. One third larger than all
New England.
Mr. HAMLIN. One third larger than all
New England. Standing here I believe to-day
the most easterly representative of the Union,
I thought it not inappropriate for me to say a
kind word to the Senator who comes from the
most westerly State. Thus the far Northeast
and the far Northwest meet. I think accord-
ing to my recollection—and if I am wrong in
that the Senator from Oregon will correct
me—there has never been a single grant of
land in the State of Oregon with one exception
only.
Mr. WILLIAMS. For railroads.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now, sir, with a territory
sparsely populated, with agricultural resources
tnatneed to oe developed, increasing the wealth
of the country by their development, when com-
pared and contrasted with other States to which
we have made these grants, it seems to me most
eminently proper, just, and equitable that there
should be some grants made to this State.
The objection has been raised by Senators
residing in the new States that large quantities
of land have aggregated in the hands of the cor-
porations, and that this is obnoxious and objec-
tionable to the people of those States; and it
has been objected that other grants have been
made for agricultural purposes in which all the
States have been equally benefited. Now, sir,
I do not pause to discuss those questions
except to say that the force with which those
suggestions are made here failed very much to
impress itself upon my,mind; and if those
objections are good the bill, if I understand
it aright, now under discussion meets and, I
think, fully answers every one of them. The
lands here are not to pass into the hands of
the company. The lands are to be sold in
alternate sections and at precisely double the
Government price, and not to be sold beyond
that, and as sold the proceeds of each alter-
nate section are to pass to the benefit of the
company. Am I not right?
Mr. WILLIAMS. The lands are to be sold
to actual settlers.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Government price of
our lands is just $1 25 an acre, and I do not
know that any gentleman is disposed to disturb
that price. It is a price which places them
within the reach of every industrious man;
but whatever may be the view of Senators in
relation to that price, I think nobody will deny
or dispute for a single moment that whatever
may be the price of your lands at distant points i
where no communication and no transporta-
tion are afforded, they are vastly cheaper to :
actual settles* with that price doubled and rail- ]
road communication connecting them with the I
outer world. !
That is precisely this case. You take from
the Treasury of the Government not one single
dollar; you do not impose a hardship upon
any settler to the extent of a single farthing ;
because whatever may be the value of the soil
without a communication, it is trebled, it is
quadrupled in value to him by opening it up
by a railroad that shall give him cheap and
rapid transportation.
Now, sir, I think it most eminently wise and
just that these grants should be made. I have
long favored them. I shall certainly continue
to favor them so long as acase like the present
shall be presented for my consideration and
my vote. It is too late in this day to under-
take to interpose these obstructions, and I think
the very signal-guns displayed along the lines
of your road may admonish ns that we had
better get out of the way after the bell rings.
We cannot afford to go back to that system
which was in existence fifty years ago. It is
retrograding in improvement; it is retrograd-
ing in progress. I shall vote for the bill of
the Senator before me [Mr. Williams] with
the greatest pleasure. 1 do not want to take
up the time of the Senate. I have given the
reasons why I will give it my cheerful support.
Mr. CASSERLY. As I have said, it is not
my purpose to engage generally in the debate
upon this bill. I rise simply to reply to the
closing remarks of the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Stewart.]
That Senator declared that he understood
my position on the subject of railroads ; that
he was well aware I was opposed to granting
lands to railroads. Let me say, that is one
way of putting it. But as the Senator was
perfectly well aware, for I have often conferred
with him on the subject, that lam not opposed
to granting aid to railroads in proper cases,
and never have been, he must know that I
am not against aid to railroads except in the
technical way in which he has put it. What I
have always said, and what I now say, is that
while I am in-favor of aid to railroads in the new
States, yet in view of the immense tracts of
land granted away by the United States to rail-
road companies, it is time we should pause;
and that the period has arrived when this Gov-
ernment, if it shall determine to grant aid to
a railroad, shall do it in some other mode than
by vesting its lands in great tracts in railroad
corporations.
Upon this question I stand with my State
of California. My place is where the resolu-
tions of instruction passed by the Legislature
of that State with unprecedented unanimity
have planted the State. This is the position
of California, and it is mine. It is taken in
the joint resolution of the California Legisla-
ture, printed in Document No. 21 of the Sen-
ate, of this session. After referring to the with-
drawal of a large body of lands for the pur-
poses of the Southern Pacific railroad, and to
the decision of the Secretary of the Interior
setting aside that withdrawal, the Legislature
go on to declare—
" Congress is earnestly requested to order the said
land, now claimed by the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company, to be restored as soon as practicable
to settlement by preemption; and that while tho
granting of aid for the construction of railroads and
other internal improvements is earnestly advocated.
Congress is requested not to make any more grants
of lands in large tracts in this State for any purpose,
but to direct the disposition of said lands under the
| preemption and homestead laws to actual settlers,
and to grant in lieu thereof, in aid of the construc-
tion of railroads and other internal improvements,
a fair share of the proceeds of the sale of such lands.'
i That is the positiou of California. Without
any reference to party divisions, those are the
instructions of the Legislature of the State,
1 and my position is as defined by those instruc-
tions. If any Senator can find in that declara-
tion of California, which is also mine, any dis-
position to obstruct or to hinder the railroad
development of the Pacific coast, he can find
in it more than I find.
I do condemn most unqualifiedly a contin-
uance of the policy of Congress for the last ten
