412
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May
5>r>
Ho. of Reps.
Northern Pacific Railroad—Mr. Clarke.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Mr. Speaker, I feel a deep interest in this
bill. I have manyreasons forso doing. My first
impressions were stayed in that direction. The
first lessons I learned were the reasons for the
absence of a father, the lack of his paternal care
and affection. I was taught to say "mother."
but not "fatherthat was unknown to me. My
father was -a soldier in the war of 1812, con-
tracted disease in the Army, and died in early
manhood. My mother has long since passed
away, and I have no kindred that will be re-
cipients under this bill; but I want to do justice
to those who are living; they cannot line long—
they are all old men ; a few years and they will
have heard the last reveille; will have biv-
ouacked whore there will be no long-roll sounded
through the camp. I trust their captain-general
will be the Great Governor of the universe,
and their reward will be, " Well done, good
and faithful servants."
Northern Pacific Railroad.
SPEECH OP HON. SIDNEY CLARKE,
OF KANSAS,
Is THE HoUSK Ol' KEWCBSiiXTATLVES,
May -25, 1870.
Tho House having under consideration t.lio joint
resolution (S. it. No. 121) authorizing tho Northern
Pacific Railroad Company to issuo its bonds for tho
construction of its read, and to secure tho same by
mortgago, and for other purposes-
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, said:
Mr. Spu.vKBit: The bill now under consider-
ation is, in my judgment, one of tho most ex-
traordinary ever submitted to the American
Congress. It is in all its essential features
utterly subversive of every principle on which
we have heretofore granted lands to aid in the
construction of railroads in the several States.
It strikes down in the most ruthless and ofl'en-
five manner nil tho safeguards heretofore em-
bodied iu our legislation and opens the door
to a career of robbery and public plunder here-
tofore unknown in tho history of this country.
While I freely accord the best of motives to
the honorable committee from which this bill
is reported, 1 do not well see how a more objec-
tionable and unrestricted measure could have
been devised, or one better calculated to secure
for this Congress tho condemnation of tho great
mass of the American people of all shades of
political opinion, if it shall receive, as now
seems to he inevitable, tho approval of this
body. The exposure of the iniquities of this
bill while it was pending in the Senate was so
full) and the reasons why it ought not to become
a law wore so conclusively given, that the friends
of a liberal land policy in this Government had
the right to expect that it would have found
some vigorous opposition in the committee of
this House to whom it was referred, But in
this we have been disappointed. It comes back
to us without amendment and with all its objec-
tionable and grasping features. The rights of
the people are ignored and one of tho great-
est monopolies created this country has ever
seen; and wo are called upon to discuss this
great measure without any notice that it was to
be reported back to-day and without time for
preparation.
Now, sir, what are the facts in reference to
Shis land-grant business? A little more than
twenty years ago, if I remember rightly, the
Congress of the United States, under the lead
of the gieat Benton and of Stephen A. Doug-
las, commenced the policy of granting public
lands to aid in the construction of railroads.
In the firstplace it was the custom of Congress,
as will be found by a reference to the various
laws on the subject, to grantthree alternate sec-
tions per mile on each side of the line of the
road forwhichthc aid was contemplated. Sub-
sequently this amount was increased to five sec-
tions per mile on each side of the road. In this
the roads and the adjacent country were greatly
benefited, and chances were left open to other
roads for purposes of competition. But not
until the last few years has the principle which
underlies the policy inaugurated by Benton and
Douglas been departed from by the action of
Congress. What was the reason of this de-
parture? It was this: when the people of the
country felt the necessity of constructing a great
line of railroad across the continent, which
should connect our possessions on the Atlantic
and Pacific coasts ; when the construction of
such a road had become a part of the public
policy of political parties and of the country,
the rule which had been laid down was departed
from, and the amount of land granted to aid in
the construction of those great enterprises was
increased so as to amount in the aggregate to
twenty sections per mile. This was tho third
stop, and here the limit ought to have stopped,
and with the continental roads provided for we
should have returned to the ten-section grants.
But we advanced in a career of extravagance
of which this bill is the alarming result. In
1864 the first bill was passed to aid in the con-
struction of the Northern Pacific railroad. And
lxore let me say that I yield to no man in my
estimate of the necessity of the construction of
that road. It is a grand enterprise and has
been treated with great liberality by the Gov-
ernment. As gentlemen know, this great line
of road, running from the western bank of
Lake Superior to Puget sound, opens up one
of the most interesting and valuable portions
of this groat American continent. I undertake
to say, in the light of all the facts which have
been elicited upon this subject, that no section
possesses to a greater degree the elements of
natural wealth, possesses more of the resources
necessary for building up great aud prosperous
communities, than the country lying along the
line of this proposed road. It is an empire in
itself, grand in its proportions, and of trans-
cendant importance in its relations to the future
of the nation.
Notwithstanding tho declaration which has
been repeatedly made upon' this floor that this
section of country is comparatively worthless,
that the land grant through that section is a
paltry aid to this great enterprise, that tho
country is incapable of being inhabited; not-
withstanding these and kindred allegations on
the part of some of the friends of this bill, it is
nevertheless a part of the public records of the
country, and is known to all intelligent men,
that this section of country is among tho most
valuable and important in the limits of the
United States iu all the elements and resources
of wealth and of national growth. It is a mag-
nificent country, in which to push forward
a magnificent enterprise. This company has
already one hundred miles in width, in alternate
suctions, and yet it slanders the character of the
country, resists all limitation to its prospective
aggrandizement of this vast heritage, and with
the same breath cries for twenty miles more,
making the enormous breadth of one hundred
and twenty miles.
Mr. Speaker, I send to the Clerk's desk to
be read a letter from the receiver of public
moneys at Olympia, situated at the head of
Puget sound. This letter is published in the
agricultural report of 18G8, and if the House
will listen to the reading of a brief extract
from it, I think members will learn something
as to the value of this country on the Pacific
slope, and the value of the land on the line of
this road.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Tho timo is not far distant when nearly all tho
ship-building oa tho Pacific coast will bo dono on
tho shores of Puget sound. From the Cascade range
to tho Pacific, com prising about one half of Wash-
ington Territory, the surface is densely covered with
tho finest forest growth in the world. Some of the
trees, straight as an arrow, are four hundred feet in
height and fourteen feet in diameter near theground.
Varieties of tho fir predominate, interspersed with
spruco, hemlock, tamarack, white cedar, maple, ash,
white oak, and on some of the mountain slopes, win to
pine. rXhe yellow fir (Abies Dotiylauii) is a tree pecu-
liar to the North Pacific coast from tho forty-second
parallel to Alaska, and is found only east of the
Cascade range north of the boundary of forty-nine
degrees. This is tho timber principally used at the
saw-mills on the sound, and is both strong and dur-
able ; in fact it is the strongest timber on the coast, both
in perpendicular pressure and horizontal strain.
* * * "The abundaneeof timber, coat,
water-power, and iron orein tho vicinity of'navigablo
waters, together with fine harbors, large saw-mills,
tomporato olimatc, and natural facilities for manu-
facturing cordage, all clearly indicate that tho Puget
sound country will soon occupy aprominont position
in ship-building. Experiments made by the French
authorities in the imperial doek-yard at Toulon are
cited as showing thatmasts from Vancouver Islaiid,
and by similarity of circumstances those from Puget
sound, aro suporior to the best clasa of Riga spurs."
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. In the light of
these important facts, as illustrated by the
statement which has just been read, we have
been again and again told on this floor that
this country through which this road passes is
comparatively worthless. Why, sir, the facts
are that on the western slope of the Iiocky
mountains, through Washington Territory to
the Pacific ocean, which this road penetrates,
stretching out in all directions, the most dense
and valuable forests in the world are to be
found, which will be worth eventually several
hundred million dollars. I venture to say
there is no member of this House who has
taken the trouble to consult the writers on
political economy, or who has watched the
current events of history since the settlement
of this country, but knows that our forests are
becoming rapidly depleted ; so rapidly, indeed,
that in the short space of fifty years one of the
most important questions which will bo sub-
mitted to legislators and to the political econo-
mists of the country will be how this great
and necessary element of wealth, power, and
convenience can be maintained against this
rapid destruction and depletion. So, I have no
hesitation in saying, Mr. Speaker, in all this
belt of country west of the Rocky mountains,
there is a forest which, opened up by railroad,
will, for the purpose of ship-building and for
all the purposes of commerce at home and
abroad, be worth hundreds of millions of dol-
lars, however extravagant these figures may
seem at the present time.
Mr. Speaker, I have said this bill was one
of the most extraordinary ever submitted to
the consideration of the American Congress.
Why, sir, what do you propose to do by its
provisions? You propose, as I have said, to
take a belt of country one hundred and twenty
miles wide, in alternate sections, and devote it
in fee simple forever, not necessarily for the
purpose of the construction of a railroad, as
many legal gentleman believe and assert, but
it may be for the purpose of speculation, for
tho purpose of greed and gain by whomsoever,
in this country or in Europe, may seek to pur-
chase this vast increased franchise which you
now propose to grant this company.
Sir, look back a few years in the history of
Ibis company. Is it forgotton when these gen-
tlemen came here to get their original grant?
You cannot have forgotten, sir, the pledges
they made at that time, that if this enormous
grant, double in amount to what had been
heretofore granted to any railroad enterprises,
should be given to them, they would immedi-
ately commence the construction of the road.
But, years passed on. All these promises were
forfeited. Tho road was not commenced. The
franchise you had granted was hawked about
the country. In process of time these men,
who ncuv crowd your lobbies, these men who
now button-hole members of tho House at
every corner, these men who to-day are in this
Capitol for the purpose of influencing the ac-
tion of the House, came here a few years later
and told us if we would give them the power
to mortgage this road it would be immediately
constructed; that in consequence of the war
