3314
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Mr. CONKLING. Why not let that-be
done?
Mr. HARLAN. Very well. I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. . I ask, then, that
the pendiug amendment be passed over for the
pF686l)t 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator Maine suggests that this amendment
in log&rd to the salary of the chief clerk of the
Navy Department be passed over for the pres-
ent informally. The Chair bears no objection
to that course. The aext amendment will be
stated.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the Navy Department, in line twelve
hundred and t.weutyrone, to strike oat "three"
and insert " four" before "clerks of the third
cibfs."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the
appropriation for the compensation of the
force in tbe office of the Secretary of the Navy
from $24,180 to $26,080.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment wasiri line twelve hun-
dred and ninety-one, to increase the appro-
priation for the contingent expenses of the
office of the Attorney General from $6,000 to
$10,000.
The amendment Was agreed to.
Mr. "ROSS. I desire to give notice that to-
morrow I shall move an amendment to this
bill which I ask may be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The PRES1DING OFFICER. It will be bo
referred. The reading of the bill will proceed.
The next amendment of the Committee'on
Appropriations was in section two, line three,
to strike out the word "Ijill" and insert " act,"
and in line six to strike out " $700*' and insert
" '$720 so as to read : '
Sfcc. 2. And 6e' it further enacted, That the com-
pensation of all messengers, Assistant messengers,
) borete. a d wwtohmea, whether day omight, pro-
vided for in this act, unless otherwise specifically
stated, shfttl be as follows: fbr messengers, $8t0 per
nnnum; for assistant messengers, $780 per annum;
for laborers and watchmen, $720 per anwum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The tiext amend rbeiifc was in section two, line
eleven, after the word " official/1 to strike out
the words " or clericalso as to read;
An3 after the passage of this act no Bonn eys herein
or otherwise appropriated, or that mar he hereafter
appropriated for contingent, incidental,.,or miseel-
laneo'us purposes, shall be expended or paid for
official compensation; and it shall be the duty of the
accounting officers to reject and disallow-all auoh
payments as illegal..
Mr* SHERMAN. I hope that amendment
will not be concurred in. With the word
''clerical" stricken out the.provision,-does not
amount, toany thing. It simply renders all that
precedes it,nugatory.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion until I make a state-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. .
Mr* WILSON. I wish to state that I desire
to have a short time to-morrow to take up the
Army bill, and I have so notified the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations. There
is a necessity for its being done.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask my colleague how long
he expects that that bill will take?
Mr. WILSON. I think we can dispose of
it m aa hour or two.
Mr. TRCJMBDLL. The regular Army bill?
That is an important bill.
Mr. WILSON. It is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that it
is nnfortunate we should lay aside this appro-
priation bill when we have progressed with it
as far a  we have. <
Mr.' SHERMAN.' I Knew the motion to
adjourn.
M<. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
withdraw the motion for a moment, further. I
think this matter-ought to be understood before
we adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. The appropriation bill is
pending. I withdraw the motion for a moment.
Mr. TRU M B ULL. 1 understand the reason
the Senator from Massachusetts has given this
notice is that he is neoessarily called away. !■
That changes the circumstances very much.
Mr. SUMNER. It will ba observed that the j
Army bill has been made the special order lor
to-morrow.:
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt the Sen- i
ate will heed the notice to-morrow. I move
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned. -
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 9, 1870.
Tbe Jlouse met at twelve o'clock m, Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. botlsr.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved. j
order of bbsine8s. |
The SPEAKER. This being Mondayj the j
first business'in order is tbe call of the States \
and Territories, beginning" with the State of
Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees and not to be brought hack by
motions to reconsider. . Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order for printing and
reterence. ■'
Mtv ALLISON. I more that the House do
now adjourn. : \
^Mc. FARNSWORTH. I movethat there
be a call of the Hoose. .
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Aiiiaou] "has tbe floor, and has moved
that the House adjourn.
. Mr. FARNSWOftTH. I tope the House
will not agree to the motion to adjourn. I'call
for the yeas and nays on it. . • -
The yeas and nays were ordered. -
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say that on
Thursday there was a general' understanding
that no business 
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debat-
i able:
j Pending the motion to adjourn,
I HEAVE OF AB9EWCH.
j Mr. POLAND was granted an extension of
his leave of absence until Wednesday, next.
Mr. DAWES was granted an extension of
! his leave of absence for four days.
| Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, ob-
j tained additional leave of absence for one week,
j on account of sickness in his family..
Mr. TANNER was grauted leave of absence
! until Thursday next.
Mr. JULIAN was granted additional leave
of absence until, Friday next.
bniiolled bills, etc., signed.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and
resolutions of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same t
An act (HiR. No; 40) to confirm the title
of William M. Garvey to* certain tract of
land;
An act (H. R. No. 891) for the relief of
Sonle & Co.;
An act (H. R. No. 1386) granting a pension
to Anna B. Snider;
A bill (S. No. 369) to establish an additional
land district in the State of Kansas ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 163) for pay of
one year's salary to the executors of General
John A. Rawlins, for the benefit of his family;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 269) to amend
the act of April 20, 1870;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 273) donating
condemned cannon to the McPherson Monu-
ment Association; and
An act (H. R. No. 902) limiting the appoint-
ment of certain officers in the Treasury De-
partment.
member-elect.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
presented the certificate of election of Joseph
H. Lewis, member-elect from the third con-
gressional district of the State of Kentucky, to
fill the vacancy occasioned by the resignation
of J. S. Golladay; which was referred to the
Committee of Elefctions.
The question recurred upon the motion to
adjourn ; and being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 55, not voting
93; as follows:
YEAS — Messre. Adams, Allison,_ Arnell, Ayer,
Banks, Beaman, Beck, Benton, Bird. George M.
Brooks, Buok, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Calkin,
William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Conner, Degeaer,
Dickinson, Donley, Dox, Ela, Eldridge, Fitch, Gib-
son, Gil Allan, Griswold, Ha Ideunan, Haraill, Heaton,
Hoar, Hooper, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd,
Knott, Logan, Mayhain, McNeely, Daniel J. Mor-
roll, Morrissey.Negley, Niblack, Orth, Paine, Peters,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Prosser, Reeves, Rice, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scolield, Shanks. Lionel A. Sheldon. Por-
ter Sheldon. Joseph S.Smith,WorthingtonC.Smith,
William Smyth, stiles, Stokos, Stone. Stoughton,
Sweeney,Tillman, Trimble,Twichell, Tyner, Upson,
Van Trump. Voorhees, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Wheeler, Wilkinson, Williams, John T. Wilson,
Winans, and Winchester—79.
NAYS —Messrs. Ambler, Asper, Barry, Beatty,
Benjamin, Bennett, Blair, Buffinton, Burchard,
Roderick R. Butler,Churchill, Amasa Cobb, Coburn,
Conger, Cowles. Duval, Dyor, Farnsworth, Ferrisa,
Finkelnburg, Fisher, Harris, Hawlcy, Hay, Heflin,
Kelsey, Ketcham, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Lough-
ridge, Maynard, McGrew, McKee, AIcKenzie, Elia-
| kim H. Moore, Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill, O'Neill,
Paokard, Peck, Perce, Rogers. Roots, Sanford, Sar-
I gent. Starkweather, Stevenson, Strickland, Van
1 Wyok, Wells, Whitmore, Willaid, Eugene M. Wil-
1 son, and Wood—55.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Archer, Arm-
strong, Atwood, Axtell, Bailey, Barnum, Biggs,
Bingham, Boles, Booker, Bowen, Boyd, James
Brooks, Buckley, Burdett, Burr, Cessna. Cleveland,
Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Oovode, Cox. Crebs, Culloin,
Davis, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Ferry, Fox,
Garfield, Getz, Saight, Hale, Hnmbleton. Hamil-
ton, Hawkins, Hays, Hill, Hoge,Holman, Hotehkiss,
Ingersoll. Jenckes. Alexander H. Jones, Julian,
Kelley, Kellogg. Kerr. Knapp, Lynch, Marshall,
McCarthy, MoCormick, McCrary, Mercur, Milnes,
Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Morgan, Muneen,
Myers, Packer, Palmer, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Pot-
ter, Randall, Ridsway.SchuiBaker.Sherrod, Suobcf,
Slocum, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Stevens,
Strader, Strong, Swann, Taffe, Tanner, Taylor,
Townftend, Van Auken. Van Horn, Ward, William
B.Washburn,Welker, Witeher, and Woodward—93.
So the motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at twelve o'clock and forty minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
-committees: ,
. By Mr. BEAMAN : Tbe remonstrance of
Samuel Warner, and others, against the pas-
sage of House bill No. 471, for the change of
the line of the road of the Amboy, Lansing,
and Traverse Bay Railroad Company.
Also, the remonstrance of E. A. Rockwell
and others, to the same effect.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The remonstrance
of D. N. Rasbach and 20 others, citizens of
Canastota, New York, against the passage of
-the funding bill. .
By Mr. COWLES: A petition of vol tin-
teers of Cayuga county, New York, under act
of July, 1864, lor bounty.
By Mr. HAM1LL: A remonstrance of citi-
zens of Carroll county, Maryland, against the
passage by Congress of the funding bill as
now proposed.
, By Mr. MAYNARD: The memorial of
Joseph Bent,, a loyal citizen of Knoxville,
.Tennessee, praying compensation fbr two
dwelling-houses destroyed by military order
during tbe war. _
Also, the memorial of Lieutenant Jesse P.
Oreen, second Tennessee cavalry, praying pay
from date of commission to date of muster.
