2370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
everywhere, iu view of the great work it has
successfully accomplished in so short a time.
We received the Government in 1861 from the
hands of our hoary-headed predecessor in a
state of war, and so mutilated as to be scarcely
recognized by the nations of the world as a
Government. Some of the States had already
passed ordinances of secession, and nearly one
half of the country was in a state of revolution.
If we were called sn by the people to-day to
give an account of our stewardship, we could
return it in a state of peace, and in many re-
spects in better condition than it has ever been
in sijjce its formation.
The herculean task of crushing the rebellion
and reconstructing the shattered framework
of the Uovernmcnt has been performed under
very great difficulties. We have had not only
armed rebels and traitors against whom to
contend; but that old adversary, the Dem-
ocratic party, which; as Napoleon said of the
Bourbons, " never learns and never forgets,"
as ail organization, has interposed every ob-
stacle that human ingenuity could devise. Wo
have, however, overcome them all, and are
now ready to press forward to the work of
removing the great national debt resting on
the people, and to inaugurate a new era ofpros-
pevity in the country. Much remains to be done.
Questions of vast importance press on the at-
tention of Congress. The immense war debt
of the country demands early attention. The
people oughtto be relieved gradually lint surely
l'rom this great burden which is weighing down
their energies. The great question now is, how
shall it be done? Our Democratic friends
proposed to pay il in " greenbacks" in- other
promises to pay, but, aside from the consti-
tutional objection, the remedy of throwing
$2,000,000,000 of irredeemable paper cur-
rency on the country would be worse than the
disease.
jt.mjino Tiiic FUJJLie m.ijr.
The first step to be taken is, in my opinion,
the one suggested by the President iu his iiinuial
message, the idea of which is embodied in the
Senate funding bill. We are paying nearly
double the rate of iuterest paid by other nations
which have larger debts to carry atld fewer re-
sources to offer as security. This state of things
is-in a great measure the result of the course
pursued by our friends on the other side of the
House. They have systematically and con-
stantly traduced the credit of the country; in
many instances openly, and at all times con-
structively, advocating repudiation. But the
wonderful success of the present Administra-
tion in reducing the public debt some S'JO,-
000,000 during Us first year has demonstrated
the fact that the whole can and will be paid,
and by means of lighter taxation than the peo-
ple now so patriotically endure.
I trust, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that we shall
have the earnest cooperation of all parties in
relieving the people of this onerous burden. I
doubt not that our friends on the other side of
the House will conclude they owe this to them-
selves and to the country when they consider
how much of this debt is justly chargeable to
their conduct during and since the war. How
much, sir, do they suppose they added to t.he
public debt by their systematic efforts to depre-
ciate the national credit during the war V Ilow
much do they think the allegations made by
their Pendletons, Vallandighams, and their
leading newspaper organs, injured our finan-
cialstandiiiginthe markets of the world? How
much do they suppose their constant discour-
agement of the Union cause, in declaring at
the most critical period of our affairs that the
war was a failure, and in denouncing green-
backs as having "no redeemer," added to the
cost of the supplies which our Government was
compelled to purchase to keep our armies in
the held? And this apart from the increased,
irreparable loss oi life, and the long train of
suffering and anguish entailed upon the coun-
try in consequence of their hostile acts. Had
thay evinced during thewar the same partiality
for the currency of the country which they
have pretended since to feel gold would never
have reached the marvelous premium of 180,
thereby causing millions of this very debt to
accumulate unnecessarily. No, Mr. Speaker,
if the Democratic party had been faithful to
the Union and had cordially cooperated with
the party in power in suppressing the rebellion,
as was its duty, and as was done by many of
its noble sons, such for instance as Stanton,
Douglas, I)ix, and some I might mention on
this floor, our public debt would scarcely have
exceeded ona half its present proportions.
But, sir, follies can only be repented of, and
I trust, from the manner in which the remarks
of the gentlemau from Ohio in advocacy of
repudiation were received by nearly all of his
party on this floor, that the work of repentance
lias begun iu earnest, and that hereafter we
will have their united efforts in assisting to
strengthen the public credit and to lighten the
burden of taxation.
It is proposed in the funding bill now beforo
the House to replace $1,200,000,000 of our
present securities, or the live-twenty six per
cent, bonds now due, and payable at the option
of the Government, with bonds bearing an
average of four and a half per cent, interest.
This would be a saving to the Government of
one mid a half per cent, interest on that sum,
amounting annually to $18,000,000. In other
words, if tlie present, five-twenty bonds should
not be retired the Government would be re-
quired to pay in twenty years the sum of
SoGO,000,000 more than it would have to pay
should the bill iu question become a law, and
thin without taking into the estimate the interest,
simple or compound, upon each animal sum of
918,000,000, which would swell the aggregate
to a sum in the neighborhood of four hundred
million dollars, an amount that bears no insig-
nificant proportion to our whole debt. The
effect of the proposed legislation would be not
only to reduce taxation, but whenever the
remainder of our bonds shall become due and
payable to establish our credit so completely
as to enable us to fund and negotiate the
remainder of the debt at a rate even as low
as that paid by Kngland herself. Our debt
would thus be reduced to such an extent that
the present tax on whisky, tobacco, and other
articles of luxury, with the receipts from the
customs, would be amply sufficient to pay the
interest upon it, and defray the ordinary ex-
penses of the Government, thus relieving
many articles of prime necessity from taxa-
tion altogether. The experience of the last
few years has shown that the amount of taxes
now collected would pay the debt in ten
years. It is neither desirable nor just, how-
ever, that the present generation should bear
the whole of this burden. The rapid develop-
ment of our resources constantly increases our
ability to pay. The wonderful augmentation
of our real and personal property establishes
this fact. In 1850 the value of properly in the
United Stales was $7,000,000,000 ; it is now
estimated at $12,000,000,000. At this ratio
of increase, at the end of one decade hence
our indebtedness will bear but an insignificant
proportion to our ability to pay quite easily the
whole debt.
I think, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that wo may
safely assume that the country will, at no dis-
tant day, be relieved from a large portion of
its present taxation. The expenses of carry-
ing oil the Government, which were necessarily
largely increased in every department during
the war, are being rapidly reduced by abolish-
ing redundant offices and by cutting down esti-
mates and appropriations. If this policy is
determinedly pursued il will go far toward im-
proving our credit and relieving the country
from excessive taxation. If the funding bill
now beforo the House should become a law it
will be a most important step toward the final
payment of the whole debt. Our entire indebt-
edness is $1,500,000,000 less than thatof Great
Britain, and our resources infinitely greater
and more varied, England pays but three per
cent, on her consols or consolidated debt, and
certainly this country can and ought, quite
easily, to negotiate her bonds at the compara-
tively liberal rate of four and a half per ceat.
FOREIGN AGENCIES.
Nor is it necessary, or politic, or just that we
should pay for the negotiation of this loan.
The stability of our Government, its intention
and power to pay every dollar of its indebted-
ness, and the generous rate of interest allowed
upon the proposed bonds, will attract bankers
and brokers and obviate the necessity of our
appearing as auctioneers through the medium
of foreign agencies. Should this bill become
a law, disrobed of the objectionable features
alluded to, the prediction will be verified that
no sooner shall the telegraph have flashed
across the Atlantic intelligence that the signa-
ture of the Executive has been affixed to the
bill, than special agents will visit our^fcountry
with propositions to purchase our bonds at the
value ascribed to them.
It may be remarked further, that it is by no
means hypothetical that our own capitalists will
invest largely in the new bonds. One thing is
certain, that the creation of these agencies
implies a want of confidence in our financial
condition, and will inevitably breed distrust
in the minds of foreign lenders. We ought
to be, as we have every reason to be, self-
reliant. Europe will be more anxious to hold
our bonds at four and a half per cent, inter-
est than she now is to hold those of Eng-
land at one and a half per cent. less. The
inauguration of this agency system has noth-
ing to recommend it. It intrusts necessarily
many millions of dollars to persons compara-
tively irresponsible and far removed from the
operation of our laws. Defalcations would in
all probability be frequent and the Govern-
ment be utterly powerless to enforce adequate
indemnification for its losses. To avoid this
there is a simple and unobjectionable plan.
Let our own Treasury authorities as now ex-
isting negotiate this loan at home, under the
jealous eye of the people and within the im--
mediate cognizance of the law, thus confining
the cost of effecting the loan to the outlay for
printing, transportation, and kindred expenses,
and preserving intact the financial honor of
the country.
THE CURRENCY.
Another question, Mr. Speaker, paramount
in my judgment to all others now before the
country, is presented in this funding bill. Itis
the question of the currency. The circulating
medium of any country is as closely connected
with its financial and material health and pros-
perity as are the circulating fluids of the body
with the vigor and health of the animal system.
We know that our present financial scheme
was attended with the most satisfactory results
during the rebellion, and that it has fully an-
swered the purposes of the country up to the
present time. The legal-tender notes were,
however, only intended to be of temporary
duration, and their issue, except as a war
measure, isofdoubtful constitutionality. Would
an additional issue of legal-tender notes meet
the expectation of gentlemen who clamor for
it now ? I apprehend not.
The complaint comes np from the South
and the West that they have not sufficient
currency to move their products and to meet
the requirements of business in their localities.
How is an additional issue of legal-tender notes
to relieve them? Suppose the resolution of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll]
that passed the House during the present ses-
sion becomes a law, and $50,000,000 of these
notes are issued, will it give the South and the
West the relief they seek? By no means. These
$50,000,000 would flow to the great money cen-
ters of the country as naturally and certainly
as ihe waters of the mountains flow to the sea.
