114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
In rendering my cordial assent to all that has j
been spokenin praise of Mr. Fessenden I only
repeat of him dead what I have said of him
living. It is the general fortune of eminent
public men to be greatly slandered in life and
to be unduly eulogized in death. It Mr. Fes-
senden did not altogether escape the former,
history will admit that even the high praise
that has been pronounced upon him, to-day, is
not exaggerated, is not the outpouring of per- ■
sonal friendship, which seeks relief from its |
sorrow in the extravagance of eulogy, but the j
deliberate judgment which those who were long j
associated with him had formed of his charac- j
ter. That judgment which is expressed in |
words, after his death, was expressed in acts
duriug his life. The great weight which his
counsels carried in this Chamber, the uniform
respect paid to his opinions, and the conspic-
uous positions assigned to him, all attest the
estimation in which he was held. And this
estimation was undoubtedly founded on real
merit, for Mr. Fessenden had not the arts of
popularity,and perhaps held in too light esteem
those appliances of suavity which often cover
pretension and superficialness, but by which
real merit does not sometimes disdain to
strengthen itself. Hence he relied upon facts
fairly presented and upon arguments logically
adduced for the success of a measure, and,
when these failed, he did not resort to personal
solicitations or individual persuasions. And
as he did not make such appeals himself, so he
did not yield to them when they came from
others. 1 mightrecalltoyousomeremarkable
instances in which he argued for the convictions
of his judgment against all the force of per-
sonal solicitations, backed by his own sympa-
thies. This temper of mind, this intellectual
conscientiousness, gave him, with superficial
observers, the reputution of indifference to
public opinion.
But this reputation was not deserved. On
the contrary, I think that he was sensitive to
public opinion, and honest praise or censure
affected liim, perhaps, the more because he
would not purchase the one or conciliate the
 therby concessions that are generally regarded
as venial. For that public opinion which is man-
ufactured to order he had great contempt, and
flattery did notimpose upon him; even to honest
but transient public opinion, founded on limited
observation and shallow reasoning, Mr. Fes-
senden, 1 have sometimes thought, did not give
the consideration that was due; for this is not
to be overlooked, in shaping legislation, and
under free institutions, where political parties
are a necessity, statesmen cannot safely forget
that they are also politicians, and that, wording
through the instrumentality ofparty, something
must bo conceded to*the strengthening of that
party which they hold to be identified with the
best interests of the country j butgenuine public
opinion, the sentiment of thinking men, the
deliberate judgment of the country, Mr. Fes-
senden held in profound respect, and although
even to that he would not sacrifice his con-
scientious convictions he differed from it cau-
tiously and reluctantly.
By some, who knew him slightly, Mr. Fessen-
den" was regarded as a haughty man. This he
was not, in any offensive sense of the word. He
was grave and reserved ; uncommonly quick of
apprehension, he was impatient of the some-
times slower processes of other minds, and he
• carried his intolerance of pretense and show
to a fault—to a fault, because he sometimes
confounded these with what were only the
harmless peculiarities or even the deliberate
judgments of others; and whatever he might
claim for the conclusions to which he had
brought his mind, he assumed no superiority
for himself, in reaching them. A truer, kinder
heart beats in no living breast thau that which
now lies cold and pulseless. The universal
affection in which he was held by those who
sustained to him the relations of dependence
and subordination is the best proof of this.
It is not given to men to achieve perfection;
else this would not be a state of discipline ; but
of those elements which go to wards it few possess
so many as did Mr. Fessenden, conspicuous
less for the fleeting graces that adorn a char-
acter thau for the solid virtues that dignify and
ennoble it; with small portion of the manner
which the great and the little make alike put
on, with much of the qualities- that only the
great and the good possess.
He will long be held in grateful and affec-
tionate remembrance, for his masculine aud
vigorous intellect, for his pure and honest states-
manship, for his careful and exact acquirement,
for the independence which nothing could
shake, for the integrity which nothing could
corrupt; and, underlying all, for that sound
common sense, that intellectual as well as moral
rectitude, upon which, as upon a basis of endur-
ing granite, rose the beautiful superstructure
of his character.
How often, Mr. President, during the troub-
lous aud perilous times during which you a.nd
I have been associated in the public councils,
how often when clouds settled darkest upon us
and dangers gathered thickest around us, have
we felt to invoke the spirits of the mighty dead
and to call upon the Fathers of the Republic,
that they would absent them 1' from felicity
awhile," and leaving the mansions of eternal
rest, miugle once more in the contests of earthly
affairs, and teach us how to preserve the insti-
tutions which their wisdom and patriotism had
established. And when, turning from the un-
auswering dead to the living present, we have
looked to those who were wisest in council,
firmest in purpose, and purest in heart, never
did we fail to recognize among them him whom
we now lament. And it seems to us that he is
taken from usat a time when he is most needed,
when the questions arc impending that he best
could grapple, when the problems are presented
that he best could solve. We look around for
those who shall fill his place. But there is One
who doeth all things well. In the order of His
providence it is not permitted for any place
long to remain vacant, whomever He takes
away, He raises up others to fill the void that
is left. So it was with Douglas, so it was with
Collamer, so it was with Foot, so it was with
Lincoln. So it will be with Fessenden. And
so, Mr. President—long distant be the day—
will it be with you aud with others, our wisest
and our best. Men die, but their words are left
on record, their works remain, their example
survives. He who has made a record like that
which we are now reviewing, he who has
achieved a character like that which we now
hold up to the youth of America, may well say,
when the supreme hour arrives—
"Non omnis moriar, multague pars mei
Vitabit Libitanam."
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, William
Pitt Fessenden, though not without his faults,
was in many respects a model Senator and
statesman. Education and experience had cul-
tivated and matured his mental faculties, and
to the consideration of every public question
upon which he was called to act he brought a
careful, enlightened, and independent judg-
ment. Official association of more than ordi-
nary intimacy enabled me to observe and appre-
ciate those qualities of his character which too
often distinguish the ideal from the actual Sen-
ator. Of these the most striking, that which
gave tone and complexion to the others, was
his utter repugnance to every form of indirec-
tion and deceit, and his profound contempt for
all the arts and appliances of the demagogue.
Conscious of the rectitude of his own purposes,
and confident in the correctness of his own
views, popular clamor was to him as the breath
of an idle wind, and to argue that a proposed
policy which he believed to be wrong would
please the people was to employ the weakest
of means to influence his sturdy judgment.
Nothing seemed to disturb him more than an
effort to carry through the Senate for partisan
ends some measure which he conceived to be
unreasonable or unjust; and I have seen him
writhe with, pain at tlie delivery of speeches
here whose fallacies and false conclusions,
though obvious to him, were plausible enough
to impose upon the ignorant or mislead the
unreflecting populace. Deep down in his na-
ture was implanted an instinctive resistance to
the smiles of flattery as well as the frowns of
disfavor, and by either lie was as immovable
as the mountain cliff whose rugged brow en-
counters the sunshine and the storm with equal
indifference. Arising from one's intercourse
with some men of irreproachable character,
there is a doubt as to the solidity of their moral
structure, a fear that in some unhappy moment
temptation may overpower them; but no such
doubts or fears obtruded themselves into the
company of Mr. Fessenden.
Perfect faith in his integrity not only pos-
sessed all those who approached him, butfrorr.
his presence there proceeded the perfect assur-
ance that he was as much beyond the reach of
corruption as the polished steel is beyond the
reach of that rust which fastens itself upon the
softer and baser metals. While calumny with
its thousand tongues discussed the proceedings
in this body upon the trial of the late Presi-
dent, there was none so wicked or malicious
as to whisper that Mr. Fessenden's motives
upon that occasion were subject to sordid influ-
ences. Many questioned the legality and cor-
rectness of his opinion ; many were deeply
pained at his vote; but there was that in his
solid and noble character that made it impos-
sible to suppose that his convictions were not
as pure in origin as they were fearless in ex-
pression. Some men whose public and official
acts admit of no question allow themselves to
be drawn into various irregularities and impur-
ities of private life; but he was as free from
dissipation and all its affiliated vices as he was
free from contact with any scheme of plunder-
ing or fraudulent legislation. Much is said
ahout the corruption of Congress, a thousand
times more than is true; but be that as it may,
it will be a great consolation to the family and
friends of the departed Senator that through
all the seductions and temptations of a long
and varied political life he came down to his
grave full of years and full of honors, a pure
and honest man.
Intellectually Mr. Fessenden was among the
foremost men of the country. Putting aside
the discussion upon the slavery question, in
which the preeminence without dispute belongs
to another, he towered in mind among those
around him like Saul in form among his coun-
trymen. While admitting his title to this dis-
tinction, candor compels me to say that upon
any novelandexcitingquestion wheretheroad
to success seemed to lie through the chances
of recklessness and temerity he did not possess
the requisite qualifications for a great parlia-
mentary leader. He believed that caution was
the parent of safety. He was so careful not to
do wrong that sometimes he seemed afraid to
do right. All that there was akin to cowardice
in the nature of Mr. Fessenden is indicated by
Shakspeare, when he says that—
" Conscience makes cowards of us all."
Prudence is not unfrequently mistaken for
timidity, and it is hard to tell where one ends
and the other begins; but that the deceased
should be described as a prudent rather than
a timid man is evidenced by the fact that as to
any untried experiment in legislation while he
thought little of himself he was much concerned
about its effect upon the safety and happiness
of the people or the honor and peace of the
country. One feature of the senatorial career
of Mr. Fessenden deserves especial mention,
and that is, he never indulged in any thing of
a sensational nature. He had no taste for legis-
lative pyrotechnics. He had no ambition to
do something simply to attract attention or to
excite comment. All that he said and did was
statesman-liko and business-like, and looked to
some useful result. 1 may add, too, that he
did not pretend to know everything or discuss
