1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4259
continuing this privilega of free circulation to'
country newspapers in the county of their pub-
lication, there is no necessity for incorporating
such a provision in this bill. If it is deemed
necessary to grant this privilege to small news-
papers of limited circulation, why not make
the necessary provision for them in some other
bill ? Several appropriate ones for this pur-
pose will yet receive consideration before the
close of this session. Better do this than put
in jeopardy, by unnecessary amendments, this
great measure of postal reform so universally
demanded by the people.
Mr. DRAKE. Why not make the necessary
provision in this bill ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Because this bill is confined
to one great evil. Take this out with the knife
while you are at it, and hereafter make proper
legislation in regard to other matters in another
bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest, then, that we just
take the knife and cut out of this bill that
clause which affects newspapers, and- confine
your surgical operation to the franking priv-
ilege as it is known and understood in the
country, and let the newspapers alone.
Mr. RAMSEY. I take it that the honor-
able Senator from Missouri is really a friend
of the abolition of the franking privilege. He
has said so. "Would he risk this great reform
by sending the bill back to the House of Rep-
resentatives simply forso small a modification?
Mr. DRAKE. I will say to the honorable
Senator, if it does not interrupt him, that lam
for the abolition of the franking privilege so
far as it appertains to individuals, provided you
will put there in connection with the abolition
a provision for the payment of postages of
Senators and Representatives, and if you do
not put it there I certainly will vote against
the whole bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. The misfortune is, that a
great many would not vote for the bill if it
were there. The better plan, then, is to get rid
of the franking privilege the best way you can,
and address yourself subsequently to whatever
changes in the law the changed circumstances
of the case may require. If it is deemed im-
portant to gratify small newspapers of limited
circulation, why not make the necessary pro-
vision for them in some other bill? In the
course of a day or two there will be an appro-
priation bill making provision for carrying on
the Post Office Department during the coming
year before the Senate, and that would be a
very appropriate place for putting in this amend-
ment without hazarding the other great reform
we now have proposed in this bill from the
House of Representatives. Free the Govern-
ment from this incubus at once. If, then, you
think that there ought to be some reservation
of this privilege to a limited extent, provide
for it in some subsequent bill. Several appro-
priation bills for this purpose will yet receive
consideration before the close of the session.
Better do this than put in jeopardy by an un-
necessary amendment this great measure, so
universally demanded by the people as neces-
sary to the efficient management of the postal
It was also alleged by the Senator from Ver-
mont that petitions to Congress should pass
free through the mails; and he regretted very
much that no provision of that kind was in the
bill. He said that unless petitions to Congress
could pass free through the mails " the sacred
right of petition'' will be infringed or denied.
If the free exercise by the people of tae rignt
of petition was likely to be hindered or abridged
by charging the usual postage rate on such
communications to Congress, provision ought
to be made to prevent so calamitous a result.
It is indeed a sacred right, to be scrupulously
guarded and maintained by the people and
their Representatives. But is it true that tins
right will be impaired or in anyway obstructed
■ by levying the established rate of postage on
petitions to Congress? Is it m practice im-
peded or obstructed in the States, where the
people in petitioning their Legislatures are
required to pay postage on their petitions?
More than nine tenths of all the petitions em-
anating from the people are addressed to their
domestic Legislatures and subject to postage;
but who ever heard of complaints that this was
an infringement of the right of petition!
It has also been alleged in the course of the
debate that this bill will take the franking
privilege from ex-President Fillmore and other
ex Presidents on whom it has been conferred.
It is true that in addition to the officials enum-
erated in the report of the Postmaster General,
which I read a few moments since, the frank-
ing privilege was conferred by special act
on ex-President Fillmore and other ex-Pres-
idents ; and it has been urged as an objection
to this bill that it will take the privilege from
them. It is a sufficient answer to this objec-
tion to say that the franking privilege is not
now enjoyed by any of the ex-Presidents.
Mr. THAYER. When did Mr. Fillmore's
privilege expire?
Mr. RAMSEY. It was withdrawn from all
the ex-Presidents by the act of March 3, 1803,
which act conferred and limited the authority
to frank mail matter to the particular persons
therein designated, omitting the ex-Presidents
who had previously exercised the franking
privilege.
By a subsequent act the right to frank was
conferred upon the widow of President Lin-
coln, who is the only person not in official
position who can frank, and she has taken up
her residence in Europe and cannot while
abroad exercise the privilege of the frank.
This courtesy to former Presidents having
been already withdrawn by act of Congress,
the objection that it would be ungracious to
withdraw the privilege has no signification or
force at this time.
There is no good reason why each of the
Executive Departments should not pay the post-
age on its official correspondence, just as they
defray all the other expenses necessary to con-
duct their business. Why should the Post
Office be chargeable with the expense of man-
aging any part of the business of other Execu-
tive Departments without just remuneration
for the service it renders thein ? Is it just to
require the Post Office to do this service gratui-
tously? So long as this is insisted on it will
be impossible to make a satisfactory exhibit
of the actual earnings of the Post Office estab-
lishment. The only true principle is to make
every article pay postage that passes through
the mails. Each Department of the Govern-
ment should be charged with its postage ex-
penses as well as its other current expenditures,
and the Post Office should receive credit for all
the service which it renders.
You make an annual appropriation for fuel,
for lights, and for all the various^ charges in-
cident to conducting all the business of the
various Departments ; and would it be a very
singular thing to put in the item of postage in
addition, and appropriate for the Treasury,
for the Interior, for the Navy, and for the
War Departments, and, if you please, for each
House of Congress, a certain sum annually to
pay postage ? There is no difficulty at all in
making that provision.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to ask the Senator
what possible advantage can it bo lo the Gov-
ernment to abolish the franking privilege, and
make an appropriation in money to pay for the
postage on the same matter?
Mr. RAMSEY. I think it is very plaim As
long as the present system obtains it is liable
to abuse. The other would not be. Suppose,
for instance, the Senator should require $250
for his postage annually. The Department
knows precisely how much he gets. There is
no opportunity for abuse of it. It is not so with
his frank. He will use his frank properly—
I have no doubt every Senator does ; there
has been no insinuation by the Postmaster Gen-
eral that any Senator or Representative abused
it. But others can use it. Any one can simu-
late a name. By having all postage paid by
stamps, you enable the Department to make its
calculations with certainty; and in all good
housekeeping, ifi all good government, there
should be some certainty, some limit.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me ask the Senator
from Minnesota whether any estimate has beea
made by any official showing the probable
amount of forged franks upon letters or other
documents?
Mr. RAMSEY. That would be impossible.
Mr. SUMNER. In the report of the Post-
master General there is some statement on that
subject. The estimate of the Department is
that there is a large amount of forged matter.
Mr. HOWARD. I was anxious to call the
attention of the Senator from Minnesota to
that particular subject-matter. It is alleged
that franks have been forged to a very large
extent. Now, the Senator at the head of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
says it is impossible to ascertain the extent of
this forgery. If it be impossible, as I grant it
will be, how is it that officials of this Govern-
ment allege that large, and very large frauds
have been occasioned by the use of bogus
franks? It is a statement which, according to
the admission of the honorable Senator, seems
to he without proof, the proof being simply
impossible, according to his own admission.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator listened to
what I read from the Postmaster General's
last report, of 1867, lie would have seen that
he dwelt particularly on that. He says that
with the vast amount of business through the
Post Office Department it is impossible to
check these things.
Mr. HOWARD. Of course it is impossible '
to check the forging of bank paper, or of any
kind of commercial paper. What I want to
get at is, if possible, the extent of this forgery.
The Senator admits that it is impossible to
ascertain the extent of it, and so does Mr.
Holt, 1 take it, in the report he makes. How
do they know that this forgery has any extent
at all They must be able to point out some
particular case where the forgery has been
committed, the manner in which it has been
committed, or otherwise it is impossible to
assert it in the terms in which it has been
asserted by Mr. Holt and the present Postmas-
ter General. I call for the proof of the extent
of the forgery, and the Senator answers, "I
do not know anything about it; it is impossi-
ble that I should know."
Mr. RAMSEY. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I have not disclaimed in any such terms.
I do know a good deal about it; but I cannot
give an accurate account. Can the Senator
tell me what number of forgeries are committed
throughout the country, what number of mur-
ders or robberies? It is impossible to do it.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly, we are not to
expect in a solemn official document a state-
ment which turns out to be utterly unfounded
and really trifling. There must be some way
of ascertaining the extent of this forgery.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator be good
enough to hear how the Postmaster General
does state it?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. I will read it, with the per-
mission of the Senator from Minnesota. It is
in his last report:
" What is the result? Boundless frauds, of coubo,
without a possibility of detecting them or even a
ftooo of preventing their further increase. In fact,
every frank, counterfeit or genuine, is equally effect-
ive, and the extent of the evil is limited only by
the wants of those who desire to impose upon the
service."
Then, a little lower down, he says:
"Estimating the frauds n,nd evasions perpetrated
under cover of this system to be equal m amount to
the postage upon matter bearing genumesisMatniro.,
(and this is no exaggeration,) the total extent .
swelled to an amount egual to the entire duiett o
the Department for the last fiscal year.
You see, therefore, that the point of the
Postmaster General is that the forgeries are up
to what would be called one hundred per cent.
