1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
every question before the Senate. Familiar
and thoroughly conversant with most of the
leading subjects of debate, particularly those
relating to finance, he spoke as to them only
when there was a manifest propriety in his
speaking. There was no parade, pomposity,
or tinsel about his speeches. French was bis
aversion, and in my hearing he never made a
Latin or poetical quotation. Greece and Rome
he left with his college exercises in the classic
shades of Bowdoin. Plain, simple, and unaf-
fected in mannerand habit, so he was in speech,
and his style was as pure and transparent as
the water of a New England brook. When
Mr. Fessenden arose to address the Senate it
will not be irreverent to say that so far as the
subject under discussion was concerned he was
generally able to say, '' Let there be light, and
there was light."
Clearness of expression more than anything
else distinguished his speeches, so that the
ideas presented instead of the words in which
they were clothed filled the mind of the hearer.
One of the justices of the Supreme Court told
me that many years ago he was associated with
Mr. Fessexdex in the trial of a cause. Accord-
ing to agreement the judge was to argue the law,
for which he made elaborate preparation, and
the late Senator was to state the facts. Mr.
Fessexdex made his statement, after which the
court said that nothing further was necessary
on that side of the case. So clear, condensed,
and convincing was his presentation of the facts
that no room was left for argument. As a
debater our departed friend had few equals.
Logic, sarcasm, and ridicule were employed as
circumstances seemed to require. He ana-
lyzed and dissipated an adverse argument.
Clearness, vigor, and acuteness characterized
his discourses. Saladin's sword was not sharper
than his intellect. To describe him in the pro-
miscuous debates of this body I would borrow
the language of Tennyson :
"When one would aim ail arrow fair.
But send it slackly from tho string.
And one would pierce an outer ring,
And one an inner, hero and there,
And last the master bowman, ho
Would cleave tho mark."
Common sense and a practical view of
things were the noticeable features of Mr.
Fessendest's statesmanship. Poets, orators,
and philosophers may rise to eminence by the
display of a brilliant or eccentric genius, but
no man can be a wise and safe statesman with-
out a large endowment of common sense, or,
in other words, of that clearness and compre-
hension of mind which enables him to form
correct judgments. Theories and abstractions
have been and are the bane of the .Republic,
and the less a man charged with public affairs
has to do with them the betterfor the country.
Right and wrong, as applied to political affairs,
are oftentimes relative and not absolute terms.
To-day a policy may be right and the circum-
stances of the people to be affected by it may
wholly change, and then it may be wrong. So
thought Mr. Fessexdex. Free from all Uto-
pian ideas, he acted upon men and things as
he found them, not as they might or ought to
be; and his action carefully looked to the
interests and welfare of all concerned. Some
have said, with more or less truth, that he was
conservative. No doubt he had some rever-
ence for time-honored things. He loved, like
many lawyers, to walk in the ancient ways;
he had no pleasure in the work of destruc-
tion ; he believed in letting well enough alone;
but after all, the records of Congress will show
that he was a friend to all these great modern
reforms in Government that have redeemed
and purified the Republic. There was a grace
of modesty about the deportment of Mr. Fes-
sexdex. "He had none of the "I am Sir Ora-
cle" way about him. Nor had he any of that
offensive dogmatism which age sometimes arro-
gates to itself, though he was frequently em-
phatic and severe in the statement of his views.
He had no am/oition to appear to be more than
he was. Among those who depend upon news-
papers for information he did not pass current
at his real value.
Keenly alive to any breath upon the purity j
of his character, he took no pains to cultivate
notoriety. His reputation was the product of
no hot-bed appliances, but slowly and noise-
lessly it grew strong and high, like the tall
pines of his native State, whose heads revel
proudly in highest winds of heaven. No little
was said in the lifetime of our friend about the
infirmity of his temper. That he was irritable
at times is true. That he suffered much from
physical debility is also true. He was a nerv-
ous and high-strung man. He was compelled
to struggle for self-control. Charity, however,
and a consciousness of our own imperfections
should draw a veil oyer this slight defect in
one otherwise so good; and whatever his foibles
wore in this respect it can only be said of him
that " he but stumbled in the path we have in
weakness trod." To show more of this let me
state that I was a member of two committees
of which he was chairman, and once only did
his anger break out in hasty words toward me.
Believing "that afriend should bear his friend's
infirmities" I did not notice the matter; but
in a few moments he came and in the kindest
and most apologetic manner expressed his
deep regret at the unpleasant occurrence.
While I knew the deceased he displayed little
fondness for society. He rather shrank from
the fashionable gatherings and gayeties of the
capital. He was not so easy of approach as
some less agreeable to meet. There was a
dignity in his bearing that repressed familiar-
ity. His intimate associates were few, but to
these he seemed strongly attached. Fawning
and flattery were foreign to his nature. Those
who conceived a dislike for him found their
own reasons for a change of feeling. With
much of truth it may be said of him that he
was—
" Lofty and sour to those who loved him not,
But to those men that sought him sweet as summer."
When tho last session of Congress adjourned
in the seats nearest to mine sat two distin-
guished Senators, now gone. One is^ dead,
and the other is in foreign lands seeking for
health. Similar in many respects, they were
the devoted friends of each other and friends
of mine. While I am paying this humble trib-
ute to the memory of the one whom death has
taken I would not forget the other and older
friend stricken and away. Unhappily for the
country his public life is ended, and the State
that he so long represented here will be fortu-
nate indeed if it finds another equal in intelli-
gence, integrity, andpowerto occupy his place
in this body. When the sun of a bright day
declines below the horizon a softened radiance
lingers among the shadows of approaching
night, and so it is when a good man goes down
from a high position in the world to his resting-
place in the grave. Streaming behind him is the
effulgence of an exalted character to illumine
the way for others and to lighten and soothe the
sorrows of bereavement. Where the departed
statesman lived and died the bells have tolled
their farewell peals ; the pall, the hearse, and
the funeral procession have passed and gone.
"Ashes to ashes and dust to dust" have
been spoken, and to her maternal bosom the
earth has folded his mortal remains; and now
we, his fellow-Senators, have met in this Cham-
ber, where his person and voice were onco so
familiar, to celebrate the closing scenes. This
is the last of ceremony. Bowing our heads to
the will of Providence, and striving to shun his
few faults and emulate his many virtues to the
affection of those who loved him, to the grati-
tude of a country he served long and well, and
to the safe-keeping of impartial history, with
faith and pride we commit the memory and
fame of William Pitt Fessexdex.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
in this body, so comparatively few in numbers,
the sudden death of any member is sure to be
felt, but when one of the ripest and most ex-
perienced of its members is taken away, to
return no more forever, each one of us counts
the nation's loss as his own personal bereave-
ment. The golden counsel, the enlightened
guidance, commended by long years of daily
association and by numberlessacts of brotherly
kindness, henceforth is to live only in our
memory and speak only in the records of the
past. Our country lias lost in the death of Mr.
Fessexden one of its wisest statesmen ; and
after fifteen years of cordial intercourse and
most friendly relations, public and private, my
heart would reproach me if I failed to avow
that I have lost a trusted friend, or refrained
from attempting a brief tribute to his memory.
The measures with which I had most to do in
the other House brought me early and con-
stantly into close relations with the late Sen
ator, then on the Committee on Finance, where
he succeeded Mr. Hunter, a very able and pains-
taking legislator; and having also boarded with
him for several sessions of Congress at the
same table, I came to know, a.nd therefore,
although not always in entire sympathy with
his views, to appreciate him highly. But I shall
barely sketch two or three points, without
attempting any complete analysis, of his life
and character.
That he had large capacity and a sagacious
j udgment the whole country gratefully acknowl-
edges, and as a public servant no purer nor
more incorruptible man, as I am persuaded,
ever came within the walls of the Capitol. No
unlawful gain swelled his estate or swayed his
opinions. In the rage of fiercest political con-
flicts no breath of suspicion has ever assailed
his integrity or dimmed the brightness of his
honor. Neither gain nor personal aggrandize-
ment had any power to bend his lofty inde-
pendence. It is not to be believed that he
could have been induced to vary his political
principles a hair's breadth, or to abandon any
cherished opinion, for even thehighest pinnacle
ofambition our Governmentaffords—a tempta-
tion which sometimes proves fatal to the suc-
cessful career of public men ; and for those who
trimmed or accommodated their position to win
the stand-point of popular availability he could
not conceal profound disgust.
It seemed to have been his sole ambition to
be an American Senator not inferior in dig-
nity and virtue to the best Roman model, and
few have so eminently and so usefully adorned
the station or have met " the inevitable hour"
with a more spotless reputation.
Rarely do we behold a man of such positive
traits of character, moving always with such
courageous and independent action, who was
at the same time so thoroughly modest, as the
late Senator Fessexdex. While it must be
admitted that as a debater he had no superior
in the Senate, his appearance in debate was
never heralded in advance by any note of prep-
aration, nor was he eager to discover and ap-
propriate the silent but unmistakable approval
which usually follows successful argument in
the Senate. He was not a petty skirmisher, but
gave his views from a broad and comprehensive
stand-point. From long holding a leading po-
sition here, lie was a frequent, though not an
obtrusive speaker, neither courting nor shun-
ning debate, and never seemed to feel that it
was necessary to his reputation for him to
mingle in every question that came up for dis-
cussion ; for he conceded to others the power of
!' saying all that was necessary to be said, and
'j when that had been said he was even irritated
i byafurtherconsumptionof time in any quarter.
: He made no speeches for distribution or for his
; State, except so far as his State was an integral
j! part of the nation. His great aim was to for-
j ward the business immediately before the
! Senate, especially such business as he had in
: charge, not often by a long and what is termed
! an exhaustive speech upon all the collateral
:j relations of the subject, but he addressed him-
[i self mainly and with much energy to the point
11 where he thought, after all, the whole ques-
1! tion hinged, and the admirable swiftness and
