1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23tl
They would find their way into the hands of
the money-speculators and stock-gamblers of
New York, Boston, and Philadelphia. How
is it expected to reach the business necessities
of the country ? Has the southern planter or
the western farmer anything he can give the
Government in exchange for it? If not, how
is it to go into his hands?
Some gentlemen seem to think that these
greenbacks are a kind of panacea for all finan-
cial disorders, without stopping to inquire how
they are to reach the seat of the disease they
lire expected to cur®. The only way a new
i.ssue of legal tenders could find its way into
circulation would be by the Government pur-
chase of bonds. Are these bonds to be found
growing on the cotton-fields of the South or on
the prairies of the West? Will the Secretary
of the Treasury send to Charleston or to Chi-
cago to purchase them? No; he will resort to
Wall street or to other money ccnters of the
country.
Some gentlemen derive their ideas of the
value of greenback currency from their ex-
perience during the great war period of infla-
tion. This currency found its way then into
every portion of the North and West. It stim-
ulated business and excited speculation even
in the most excluded and remote localities. It
is altogether different now. If this proposed
issue were made five hundred instead of fifty
millions the same beneficial results would not
follow. During that period the Government
was expending from one to two millions per
day for munitions of war and stores for the
Army and Navy, and for pay and bounties to
soldiers and sailors. This currency did not drop
into the money centers, but ramified every
branch of industry wherever soldiers were to
be obtained and food and clothing procured.
Thus business was stimulated in every com-
munity in the land, and so continued for even a
while after the war. A large number of out-
standing vouchers for quartermaster and com-
missary stores were held throughout the coun-
try at its close, and gradually settled ; in addi-
tion to which a large amount was disbursed
for balances due deceased soldiers and for pay
of living ones. Besides, under the bounty act
of July, 1SG0, some twenty million dollars
were scattered broadcast over the country and
put into active, well-directed, and well-de-
served circulation.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if I could see that the
proposed $50,000,000 would go into the same
general circulation I might support such a
measure. Yon will, for instance, meet a debtor
who tells you " We must have more money
who inquires "Whydoes Congress not author-
ize the issue of more currency?" The natu-
ral and logical reply is, "How will you get
possession of it if the issue be made ? Would
you have any other or greater securities then
to offer or exchange for money than you now
have? If you have present credit or available
property to offer as security you can now ob-
tain any desired amount of money. Were
greenbacks as plentiful as the leaves of the
forest, it is difficult to see that you would be
in a better condition. There is, then, no good
reason for issuing this amount of such cur-
rency, inasmuch as it cannot reach the busi-
ness channels of the country, and will ouly
lead us still further into the devious ways of
inflation, and withdraw us from an approxima-
tion to a solfd coin basis_, the only substantial
and permanent foundation of any financial
system. If the Government were to distribute
ratably among the people $50,000,000 of
greenbacks, they would of course obtain the
desired general circulation, but the mere issue
of that amount would not relieve communities
that have no means of getting possession of it.
It was expected, Mr. Speaker, that sudden
and violent reaction would follow the intense
and momentous stimulation in nearly every
branch of business dnring the late war; but
the gentle and gradual descent from the point
of excitcd. inflation h&s b66u & mfitter of most
agreeable surprise. In the quiet and gradual
work of contraction the country has not felt
even a jar. Men now living who were engaged
in business during the war of 1812, and who
experienced the shock of the violent financial
panic that followed, predicted similar ruin to
ensue upon the termination of the lata war.
I well remember in 1865 .that Democratic
politicians foretold with great apparent pleas-
ure the many sad disasters that were to over-
take and overthrow, the business of the country.
They confidently predicted that as soon as the
"Government paper-mill," as they called it,
stopped, and the Government ceased to be a
purchaser of manufactured fabrics and agricul-
tural products, violent reaction would follow,
and every branch of industry would be hope-
lessly prostrated, and the Republican party, in
consequence thereof, surely hurled frompower.
But, Mr. Speaker, they have been most
egregiously mistaken. While the Democratic
party was unequal to the successful manage-
ment of the financial affairs of the country
during what may be termed the skirmish of
1812, and permitted widespread monetary ruin
to follow closely upon it, the party now in
power has proven equal to the task of carry-
ing the country safely through the late stu-
pendous struggle, and the present Administra-
tion is giving ample evidence of its ability to
husband the resources of the country and
place its finances upon a solid and satisfactory
basis.
national vs. state banks.
One of the happy incidents of the late war
has been the retirement of our entire State
bank currency. And, sir, iffehere were no other
gratifying feature connected with our late
struggle, it seems to me that relief from that
miserable guerrilla currency would of itself in
a great measure reconcile us to the treasure
we have expended and the suffering we have
endured.
I was astonished, Mr. Speaker, to notice in
the Senate debate on the funding bill that the
distinguished Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Bayard] advocated the removal of the tax on
the issues of the State banks. I did not be-
lieve, sir, that any statesman of whatever party
would, in the light of experience, favor and
advocate the restoration and revival of that
miserable system so prolific of financial evil.
It was the substitution of the national for the
State system of banks that so largely assisted
in carrying on the war and preserving the
Union. It was this substitution that saved the
country from an otherwise inevitable financial
revulsion more fearful in dimensions and dis-
astrous in its effects than the one which fol-
lowed the war of 1812. This systern if prop-
erly perfected will be a most powerful auxil-
iary iu conducting us through our financial
difficulties and leading us on in an unbroken
career of prosperity and happiness.
Who would consent to return to those obso-
lete days of Democratic State banks ? Who
would exchange national currency, every dol-
lar of which is as good in Boston as in Charles-
ton, for the old State bank notes that would
not pass current twenty miles from the place
of their issue? Who would exchange a na-
tional bonded currency for one which was uncer-
tain in value and always productive of period-
ical panics? Sir, had the banks under that old
incongruous system not been relieved by the
national system, they would long ere the close
of the war have toppled and fallen before our
country's emergency, like a group of ten-pins
before the shock of a well-directed blow.
free BAXKIXe.
But, sir, the national banking system requires
some important modifications. The restrictions
upon that system, whereby its issue has been lim-
ited to a specific amount, ought to be removed,
so as to give it elasticity and enable it to adjust
the volume of currency in accordance with the
law of supply and demand. The true principle
is to make it free to all, upon a safe &nd secure
basis, and prohibit the continued monopoly
which has grown up under the system as now
existing. Where currency is demanded by the
legitimate wants of business a bank can be es-
tablished there and profitably sustained. Where
there is a surplus of currency it will not yield
adequate profits and the money will seek some
other channel. The idle capital of the country
will be invested in new banks where needed,
and will thereby furnish the active capital re-
quired to transact the legitimate business of
every locality.
I would require every national bank to de-
posit as security for its circulation consols or
bonds bearing an average interest not exceed-
ing four and a half per cent. This would at
once absorb six or seven hundred millions of
the funded loan. By this means the legal tenders
would all be taken up, except the reserve of
twenty-five per cent, held by the national banks.
For these the Government might exchange gold
and require the banks to keep their reserve in
coin. The greenbacks would thus be absorbed
and specie payment at no very distant day
resumed.
Sir, I believe that a system of free banking
would bo the groat desideratum for the local-
ities barren in banking facilities, and would
moreover remove most of the objections now
urged against national banks as organized and
managed under tho present laws. Competition
in banking is as necessary for the protection
of the community as in any other branch of
business. The national banks as now managed
are likely to become a stupendous monopoly;
and yet, not content with their immense gains,
it is a notorious fact that delegations of bank
presidents have but recently visited this city
craving still further protection and larger in-
dulgence, as though they had not already reaped
and were not still reaping a golden harvest.
Why, sir, tho reports of these banks show
that they have divided annually among their
stockholders throughout the country, from
their very inception, ten and a half per cent.
on the capital stock, besides having on hand
an aggregate surplus fund and undivided prof-
its of more than one hundred million dollars,
or about twenty-five per cent, of their whole
capital. And yet a majority of these banks
have made and are able to make still larger
dividends, since the weaker and more badly
managed ones are included in the above esti-
mate. Besides there are no moneyed corpora-
tions that have paid more munificent salaries
to their officers and employes than have these
national banks. Can they therefore justly com-
plain if they are brought into competition with
new and inexperienced men? I think not.
i what they say.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to be
understood as speaking disparagingly of the
national banking system. It is the grandest
system ever adopted in this country for the
interest of the whole country. But can these
banks afford to do business and make reason-
able profits on a 4] per cent, bond?
The executive committee of the national
banks has, in a circular issued and largely cir-
culated here, made the following statement
and estimate:
Bonds at iiper cent.—Gold at par—Bond for $1,000.
Be.
For interest on $1,000 for one year at 7 per
cent   5>/U 00
3?or interest on 8200 ot reserve on circulation
at 7 per cent  *§ Js
Government tax on $800 of circulation    
Interest on mutilated currency on hand, ex-
press charges, and other expenses connected
with circulation, say 1 per cent....
0B.
$100 00
Interest on bond for $1,000 for one year at is ^
IiSor^lTon'jW one year, at 7 ^
per cent   * *  
$101 00
Profit on a SI,000 bond for ono year, $1,
