1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5203
The question is on the first branch of the prop-
osition, that the Senate take a recess to-day
from half past four o'clock until half past seven
o'clock.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That requires unanimous
consent, I think.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore■ It has been
ruled by the Chair that it does not require un an-
imous consent to introduce a resolution on the
actual day on which it is proposed to take the
recess, although it would require unanimous
consent to consider a resolution providing for
a recess on a subsequent day.
Mr. BAYARD. Does ii not require unan-
imous consent to have that resolution consid-
ered to-day for the purpose of holding an even-
ing session ?
The PRESIDENT^>ro tempore. It does not.
It would require unanimous consent to intro-
duce a resolution for a recess onany subsequent
■f day ; but manifestly, to require unanimous con-
' sent when the motion was for a recess on the
day on which the motion is made would place
it in the power of any one Senator to defeat it.
Such has been the decision of the permanent
Presiding Officer of the Senate, and such is the
decision of the present occupant of the chair.
Mr. BAYARD. This is not the regular day
for an evening session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is not
the regular day. The question is on the first
branch of the motion of the Senator from Ne-
braska, that the Senate take a recess to day
from half past four o'clock until half past seven
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to ; there being on a
division—ayes 34, noes 8.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the second branch of the propo-
sition, that the evening session be devoted to
the consideration of the bills indicated by the
Senator from Nebraska.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am opposed to that.
That branch of the motion is not in order now.
It is a proposition to make a special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator is correct.
Mr. THAYER. I do not wish to antagonize
these bills against the tax bill; and if we can
have an understanding that these bills shall
follow the tax bill at the night session to-night,
or the first night session hereafter, I will not
press the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nebraskamoves that the bills which
lie has named be made the special order for
this evening:
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to have the tax
bill disposed of before anything else is done ;
and I give fair notice that I shall endeavor to
finish the tax bill to-night.
Mr. EDMCJNDS. 1 feel bound to state that
while I dare say that the bills of my friend from
Nebraska are very good ones, I cannot be a
parly to auy more understandings about what
is to be taken up in this Senate, or when it is
to be ended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not ask that any
understanding be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was speaking of the
proposition of my friend from Nebraska.
REDUCTION 01? TOE ARMY.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senate to give me
to morrow evening to take up the Army bill.
There are some twenty or thirty other bills
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs
which we should like to have action upon. I
have given way to all these other important
measures, and I should be glad to have to-mor-
row evening for that business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator make a motion?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves that the Army
bill be made the special order for to-morrow
evening.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not the report ot a
committee of conference a privileged question
which the Senator has a right to make at any
time?
ThePRESIDENTpro£e ip< 'e. It has always
been the practice of the Senate to receive the
report of a committee of conference, but there
is no rule making it a privileged question. Any
reports are in order now. The morning busi-
ness has not been concluded, and until the
morning business is concluded reports are in
order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I rise to inquire
what the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is ?
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts is to make
the Army bill the special order for to-morrow
evening.
Mr. HAMLIN. The report of the commit-
tee of conference?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir,
the report of the committee of conference on
the Army reduction bill.
' Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to know if it is not
also a privileged question to be considered as
well as to be made? Has not that been the
practice of the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has been
the practice of the Senate. The Senator from
Maine is better informed than the Chair on that
subject.
Mr. HAMLIN. I so understand it. I do not
understand that there is any special authority,
but the common law of this body has always
regarded and has made a report of a committee
of conference a privileged question. I do not
think the Senator from Massachusetts needs
any special order or any time fixed for the
consideration of that subject. When he can get
the floor, and there is not a question before the
Senate, it is privileged then, and may betaken
up. That is the common law of the Senate, at
any rate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The recol-
lection of the Chair is that while a report of a j
conference committee may be made at any |
time, according to the practice of the Senate, j
when the report has been considered and post- j
poned it stands the same as other reports.
Mr. WILSON. I will state, in regard to the
Army bill, that the report of the committee of
conference was made promptly upon if. A
demand was made that it should go over and
be printed. It went over and was printed, j
The Committeeon Post Offices and Post Roads,
having charge of the bill to abolish the frauk-
ing privilege, were urgent to press that matter.
I gave way to them. I then gave way to the
tax bill. I have given way so long that I do
not think the Senate ought to require that I
should yield to others any longer. All I ask
is to have to-morrow evening set apart to take
up that report and some few other important
bills from the Military Committee, which they
have had no opportunity to get action upon at
all. I think it is a reasonable request, and I
think the Senators whom I have accommo-
dated, the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations on two bills, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance on his bill, and the
chairman of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads in regard to the franking priv-
ilege, I ought to be allowed to-morrow evening
to take up this bill, and I should like to have
time to act on four or five others during the
evening.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to suggest to
the Senator from Massachusetts that to-morrow
is set apart for the consideration of the river
and harbor bill. I do not know whether we
shall be able to get through with it in the day
session, and if not, I desire to have that bill
considered in preference to any others during
the evening. I think we can pass it in a short
time.
Mr. McDONALD. Mr. President, several
ineffectual attempts have been made to get up
Senate bill No. 838. Various evenings have
been set apart for its consideration, but it has
been as frequently set aside by other business.
I hope now that the Senate will allow it to be
considered immediately after the finishing of
the tax bill. I do not wish to interfere with
the tax bill at all. I think that is as little as the
Senate can grant me under the circumstances.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the morning busi-
ness through ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theintro-
duction of bills and joint resolutions is still in
order.
REPORTS OK CONFERENCE COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I offer the following order,
which I ask to have adopted at this time if it
is the pleasure of the Senate :
Ordered, That reports of committees of conference
sh.tli be privileged matters during the remainder of
the present session.
It is obvious from what has been said that on
the last day of the session it would be in the
power of any ouegeutleman, most likely in my
own power, as 1 am the ugliest of anyone here,
I believe, [laughter,] to postpone the report of
a committee of confcrenco, and thus break down
an important bill, generally an appropriation
bill. Therefore, I hope the Senate will con-
sent to adopt this order, so that reports of com-
mittees of conference may be received at any
time when it may be the pleasure of the Senate
to act upon them, and acted upon at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Veiiuont asks the present consider-
ation of this order. Is there auy objection ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better defer
that until the last two or three days of the
session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it will lie over.
HOUlt OF MBETINU.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the order I pre-
sented to the Senate in regard to the hour of
meeting may be taken up now.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to know if any
disposition was made of my request about
to-morrow evening.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No disposi-
tion has been made of it..
Mr. WILSON. Then I move that the report
of the committee of conference on the Army
bill be made the special order for to-moirow
evening, and that any other bills of the Mili-
tary Committee he taken up.
Mr. THAYER. Is not a motion already
pending assigning certain bills lor to-morrow
evening ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
one pending.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What motion is that?
ThePRESlDEN'Tpi'o tempore. The motion
entered by the Senator from Nebraska; but
being objected to, it went over. It has been
decided by the permanent Presiding Officer
that a motion to make any bill a special orior
is in the nature of a resolution, and must lie
over if objected to
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object, to gel rid of
that.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from No'.'; ask a
entered his motion on the evening before lad.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then it
can come up when the morning business is
disposed of.
Mr. DRAKE. If it is in order now, I move
thai the resolution I presented the other day
be taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri moves to proceed to (he
consideration of the resolution indicated by
him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone all
| other orders, for the purpose of proceeding
with the bill before indicated by me.
Mr. DRAKE. That is not in order without
unanimous consent until the morning business
is ended.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I trust there will be
some time when, if a mtjoiiiy of the Senate is
disposed to consider a bill, it. may do so.
