1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
41st Coxa. ...2b Sess.
Northern Pacific liailroad—Mr, Clarke,
Ho. ojt Beps.
they had not been able to raise the money
necessary to construct the road; but if we
would accede to their requests they would im-
mediately commence the work. These gen-
tlemen have been importunate in seeking legis-
lation and fruitful in making promises to do
the work : but here their efforts seem to have
ended.
But again, these gentlemen came to Congress
with such unseemly liasto to have their bill
passed that a minority of this House felt eallcd
upon to invoke the aid of parliamentary tactics
to protect their rights and resist this great out-
rage. They came here in this dictatorial man-
ner to secure another immense grant of land
by this bill, and to .secure other privileges,
with a view, as they again say, to the construc-
tion of this road. But it is a bill neither the
language of which nor its purpose anybody
seems to understand. It is a bill the meaning
of which nobody among its friends thus far has
condescended to explain, and the language and
purpose of which are a very great subject of
dispute among legal gentlemen inside and out-
side of this House of Representatives. I re-
peat, sir, no gentleman has risen on this floor
and pretended to explain the extraordinary
character of this bill, which pretends to have
for its object to aid the construction of this
Northern Pacific railroad.
Sir, this is a most extraordinary bill; extraor-
dinary because it is unsatisfactory and uncer-
tain in its provisions; extraordinary in the
maimer in which it was brought into this House,
and in which its passage was attempted to be
forced; extraordinary in all the aspects it pre-
sents to fair-minded men everywhere inside
and outside the American Congress. It is a
bill which has attracted the attention of the
public press all over the country, and which
has called out very justly the denunciations of
all right-thinking men everywhere for its ex;
travagance, its want of limitation, its want of
just restrictions, and for its violation of all the
usual safeguards of legislation on this import-
ant subject. To thus vote away seventy-five
million acres of public lands, with no recogni-
tion of the rights of actual settlers, and with
no compulsion to build the road, is a most
wicked, unjustifiable proceeding, and can never
meet the approval of the American people.
I know, Mr. Speaker, that I am using strong
language in reference to the contents of this
bill. But I am justified in using this language,
not only by the facts and circumstances con-
nected with the attempt hcretolore made to
pass it through the Ilouse, but also by the
provisions of the bill itself. There can be no
mistake about this. In the first place, it allows
this company to change the western termiuu3
of its main line. X do not know that that is
particularly objectionable, only so fur as it gives
to the company all power and reserves to the
Government nothing. But there is something
very objectionable in thefirst section. A branch
is provided for. Very well. Where is it to
commence? Where is it to end? I ask any
gentleman on this floor, any of the advocates
of this measure ; I ask them if there is any-
thing in this bill to indicate where this branch
is to commence? Does it commence midway
between Lake Superior and Puget sound ? Does
it commence one, two, three, four, five, or six
hundred miles from the Pacific ? Is there any-
thing in the bill to inform us in reference to
this subject? Nothing at all, sir. There is
not a word, not a syllable, not a line to tell us
where this company shall commence its line
of road, where this branch shall intersect with
the main line, or how many acres of land are
granted under the provisions of this bill to this
branch road. It may be ten million acres or
it may be thirty millions, just as the company
may desire. Thus wo may be swelling the
whole grant to soveuly-live million acres, or
more even than that.
The branch authorized is to have all the
privileges of the original grant. I have no
hesitation in saying that this railroad company,
on the passage of this bill, if it shall become a
law, may if it pleases go to the General Land
Office and file a map for this branch road com-
mencing so as to make a parallel road, only
that it complies with the condition of the bill,
that the branch shall terminate at Puget sound.
It was remarked by a distinguished Senator at
the other end of the Capitol, in offering some
objections to this measure, that it actually put
under the control of this company one hun-
dred and twenty miles of the shores and coast
line of Puget sound. More than this. With
this branch it gives to the company the prac-
tical control of two hundred and fifty miles
along the shores of the most available waters
for the purposes of commerce on the western
coast of North America. I do not think that
that proposition can be successfully denied ; it
gives them control at least of the alternate
sections along that length of line of sea-board.
So, sir, this bill, instead of granting two or
three million acres of additional land to aid
in the construction of this branch road, may
grant thirty or more million acres, just accord-
ing to the will or caprice of this railroad com-
pany.
Now, if this company had been honest, if
they had intended to keep good faith with the
Government, if they had meant to be fair in
their dealings with Congress, would it not have
been better for them to have come here and
have said, as was said in regard to the con-
struction of the Union Pacific railroad, that the
branch should be commenced at a certain me-
ridian of longitude, or so many miles from the
Pacific ocean, or so many miles from the west-
ern bank of Lake Superior? If these men had
intended acting in perfect faith, if they did not
mean to mislead Congress, to absorb vast por-
tions of the public domain under some blind
pretense or device, why did they not name the
point on the main line from which the branch
shall diverge? They ask us to grant thera the
same rights and privileges in land and other-
wise as was given in the original act to the main
line of road, although no friend of the bill
pretends to know how much this is. So far
as this portion of the bill is concerned it is a
shame and a cheat; it is an insult to the intel-
ligence of Congress and to the intelligence of
the American people. But that is not all. A
pretense is made to protect the rights of set-
tlers, while, as a matter of fact, there is no
protection whatever. As I said in regard to
the other portion of the bill, this also is a cheat
and a sham.
It cannot be successfully asserted on this
floor or anywhere else that there is a single
iota of practical protection to any settler.
Who had* the presumption or audacity to place
so low an estimate on the intelligence of Con-
gress as to put such a provision as this in the
bill I cannot for a moment conceive. It has
not misled and cannot mislead anybody.
Now, sir, in view of the position occupied
by all political parties in this country, in view
of t.he manifest public sentiment of the coun-
try, in view of the fact that that portion of the
public domain of the United States capable of
settlement by the landless millions of this coun-
try and of Europe is fast becoming exhausted,
in view of the condition of things which meets
us on every hand, is it not worth while for us
to stop and inquire whether or not we can afford
at this hour to make this vast grant of land to
this corporation and not protect actual settlers ?
Is it not demanded by principles of sound
public policy that we stop and inquire whether
we shall part forever with seventy-five million
acres of public land without placing around
the grant such restrictions and limitations as
may inure to the benefit of the great masses
of the people? Will the people who sent us
here justify the Representatives of either polit-
ical party in this lavish expenditure of the
public domain, trampling into the very dust
all the professions which have ever been made
to the people in the political conventions held
by either of the parties represented in this
House?
Now, sir, let me say to some of my Repub-
lican friends who stand up here so persistently
preaching economy in the ears of the people,
let me say to the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, and the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, who are strug
gling here to protect the interests of the peo-
ple in the expenditure of the public money,
that no better field for true economy can be
found, no greater service can be rendered to
the country, than to aid the men who oppose
this bill to fulfill the professions which we have
made in our political conventions when we
declared in favor of the homestead law and of
a liberal land policy. But yet, sir, standing
up here, as gentlemen do, disputing for hours
and days about the expenditure of a few thou-
sand dollars, they come here now, and with
a gravity which provokes a smile, tell us that
we shall have two hours and a half to discuss
a proposition which proposes to give away
$500,000,000 worth of the best portion of this
American continent in fee simple forever, and
with no protection to prevent it from passing
into the hands of monopolists and speculators.
Is this the return the people have the right to
expect from your professions of economy?
Sir, as an humble member of this House,
representing a constituency in a new section of
the country of nearly half a million, standing
here as I do in favor of the system of land grants
to railroads, provided thelandsso granted are in
reasonable limits and are restricted to be sold
to actual settlers at $2 50 per acre, I protest, in
behalf of my constituents, against this most
extraordinary, this most reckless, this most out-
rageous proposition to plunder the publicTreas-
ury, rob the hardy pioneer of his rights, and
falsify all the professions we have ever made as
a party to the people, whose servants we are.
I have not assumed by any means, nor do I
propose to assume, the prerogative of lectur-
ing the members of this House, cither upon
the one side or the other. I have read the
platforms adopted by the Republican party on
this question of the public lands, and have
believed heretofore that they meant something,
and believe now that they mean something, so
far as the masses of the people are concerned.
The people may be betrayed on this floor, but
they will know it and will speak at the ballot-
box in tones that will not be mistaken. I have
also read the platforms upon this subject here-
tofore adopted by the Democratic party. 1
remember that the last national convention of
that party, which assembled in the city of New
York for the purpose of nominating candidates
for President and Vice President, placed in thtsir
platform a plank in favor of cheap lands, and
against the absorption by laud monopolies of
the public domain. Now were those platform1!
put forth to theAmcricanpeoplesimpIyforthe
purpose of securing votes for the candidates oi
, the respective parties ? Are they to be treated
j to-day as a cheat and a delusion ? Or did they
mean something when passed by your conven-
tions and submitted to the people ?
Mr. Speaker, this bill may secure the vote:
of a majority of this House. But I should feel
to the latest day of my life that I had failed in
my duty as one of the humblest Representatives
of an American constituency if I did not enter
here and now my solemn protest, and if I did
not expose the extravagance of this measure.
In view of these various declarations of polit-
ical parties made in convention, to which 1 have
referred, there can be no good excuse for any-
body in voting for it. All over this country,
in the great organs of public opinion of both
