1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5205
to be engrossed for a third "reading, read the
third time, and passed.
A message was afterward received from1 the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Lloyd, its
Chief Clerk, announcing the passage of the
bill by that House.
southern maryland railkoad.
Mr.' WARNER. I wish to make an appeal
to the Senator from Ohio and to the SeDate,
and I would ask attention for a moment. The
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Lewis,] whose
extreme modesty in asking the attention of the
Senate and in consuming its time will be
understood by every Senator, asks to take up
a bill here that he may submit a few remarks.
He has tried to do it a great many times, and
has failed. I now ask in his behalf that he
have unanimous consent to call up a bill to
submit a lew remarks upon it. I hope there
will be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Chair put the
question to the Senate? This is a peculiar
case. I do not object myself, and I wish the
question submitted by the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Virginia asks unanimous consent to
make some remarks upon the bill. Is there
objection? The Chair hears none; and the bill
(S. No. 597) to authorize the authorities of the
city of Washington, District of Columbia, to
indorse the bonds of the Southern Maryland
Railroad Company will be regarded as before
the Senate.
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. President, my chief re-
liance for the passage of this measure is based
on its merits. Its carefully-guarded provisions
and its beneficent objects should commend
themselves to the approbation and sanction of
the Senate. Its intrinsic merits, therefore,
rather than any argumentsof mine, must secure
its passage; and I shall content myself with
offering a few observations only for the con-
sideration of honorable Senators, whose cheer-
ful support I confidently anticipate. Having
myself presented and reported the bill to the
Senate, I very naturally feel some solicitude
about its fate. I think it ought to have passed
weeks ago.
The citizens of Washington have been re-
proached for lack of enterprise, of railroads, of
manufactories, of everything that constitutes a
self sustaining community; and doubtless thero
has been some cause for this reproach. But
shall this state of things always continue ? Shall
it be perpetual? It certainly will be il Con-
gress is to stand in the way, arraying itself
against every impulse to enterprise which the
citizens of Washington may exhibit. For
months together, prior to the convening of the
present session of Congress, the citizens of
Washington held duly advertised weekly meet-
ings at their City Hail, deliberating on the ex-
pediency of rendering pecuniary aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads which they deemed
essential to the growth and prosperity of this
metropolis; the Southern Maryland or Point
Lookout road being one of the number. They
resolved, after the fullest deliberation, that
they would furnish such aid, permission to^do
so being first obtained from Congress. The
councils of Washington also took action, equally
decided, in the same behalf. And in addition
to this, the public press of the city lent to the
project its powerful cooperation.
Soon after taking my seat here, and fund-
ing myself a member of the Committee on the
District of Columbia, the facts I have stated,
among many other interesting facts bearing
on the subject of the proposed legislation, all
vitally affecting the welfare of this people,
were made known to me, and I determined to
bring in the measure now before the Senate.
What is the proposition contained in the
bill? It is that Congress will graciously permit
the legal voters of Washington, by a majority
o-f two thirds, to instru-ct their authorities to
indorse the bonds of the Southern Maryland
Railroad Company, the company securing the
corporation of Washington, by first mortgage
on its road, its rolling stock, its equipments,
everything, against liability to pay the bonds
or any part thereof, and only obligating the
corporation to pay interest on the same, as from
time to time it shall become due, to the amount
of $300,000. That is the proposition.
The people of Washington of all classes and
pursuits are of united opinion that the want of
railway facilities which they experience is ruin-
ous, absolutely ruinous to them; and are restive
under the restraints imposed by Congress on
contemplated enterprises looking to their mate-
rial advancement. They assume, and correctly
no doubt, that they might aid such enterprises
to the extent of several million dollars and
yet be gainers largely by the transaction. They
believe that such investments would be assuredly
returned to them in tenfold measure at an early
day, in a variety of forms, such as will readily
suggest themselves to the mind of every Senator.
If an important step can be taken toward the
accomplishment of so desirable an end by the
outlay of $300,000, with three years and a half
to pay it in, why not allow the people of Wash-
ington to undertake it, or at least by vote to
say whether they will or not? What! Congress
and the country in one breath proclaiming the
incapacity of Washington to inaugurate and con-
duct an "international exposition" because
of its limited means of intercommunication,
its want of accommodations, and the like, and
in the same breath denying its citizens the poor
privilege of signifying by a vote of two to one
that they will do something toward promoting
local and national interests, and silencing fur-
ther reproach, unmerited reproach, as they
regard it. I am surprised, I am astonished
that we should have heard a single whisper in
opposition to this measure. Washington re-
proached for not doing, and denied permission
to dol Pass the Mil, and you give employ-
ment to some two thousand poor men of Wash-
ington, whose almost famished families require
the fruits of their honest toil. We hear a good
deal about the tax-payers who have "enough
and to spare let us not forget the breadless.
I respect the man of wealth, if he be respect-
able ; not otherwise. 1 also respect the poor
man if ho bo honest and industrious; not other-
se. But I believe the passage of this bill
into a taw would prove highly beneficial to the
city of Washington, to the poor and rich alike,
and therefore I most respectfully ask the votes
of my brother Senators.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The tax
bill is now before the Senate.
■ Mr. MORTON. Does not the Senator from
Virginia, wish to put his bill on its passage?
Mr. LEWIS. I ask for the consideration of
ilie bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Before the bill passes from
the Senate 1 desire to offer an additional sec-
tion 
Mi. SHERMAN. I can inform the Senator
that the bill will not pass without debate, and
therefore I must insist on the regular order.
I should be glad to accommodate the Senator
from Virginia, but I cannot give way longer.
SIESSUiE l'rott tub 1IOUSB.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clixtox Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(H.°l!. No. 562) to amend an act granting
the right of way to ditch aud canal owners over
the public lands, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H.R. No. 1714) to revise,
consolidate, and amend the statutes relating to
patents and copyrights.
The message also announced thai the House
I bad agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2275) to pro-
vide for the paving of Pennsylvania avenue.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (S.
No. 1040) to amend an act entitled "An act
to establish a police court for the District of
Columbia, and for other purposes," approved
June 17,1870; and it was thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore.
tax bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. 11. No. 2045) to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes, the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Chaxdler, to
strike out "one hundred and fifty thousand"
and insert "seventy-five thousand" in the first
section of the amendment proposed by Mr.
Sciiurz, which was to insert the following addi-
tional sections:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the 1st day of Octobor, 1870, any goods, wares,
or merchandise, except wine, distilled spirits, explo-
sive and perishable articles arriving from foreign
countries at a port of the United States, whieh are
shown by the manifest of the importing vessel to bo
destined for any city containing more than one hun-
dred and fifty thousand inhabitants in a collection
district more interior than the port of original im-
portation, or destined for a place in either Europe,
Australia, or Asia, via the United States, may bo
immediately conveyed to their destination, in tho
manner prescribed by this aot.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That any rail-
road, steamship, or transportation company or com-
panies, duly bonded in the manner now prescribed
by law for the transportation of foreign merchandise
in bond, be, and are hereby, authorized to demand
and receive from the collector of tho port of arrival,
and to deliver to tho collector of the port of final
destination in tho United States, any merchandise
imported in the manner described in the foregoing
section : Provided, That the said railroad, steamship,
or transportation company shall have previously
presented to tlio collector of the port where such
roods, wares, or merchandise are first landed in the
United States, an invoice of the same duly verified
by the consul of the United States residing at or
ncare&t tho place of shipment, whieh invoice shall
be a quadruplicate copy of tho invoice required by
the first.secfion of an act entitled " An act to prevent
and punish frauds upon tho revenue," &o., approved
March 31, lSbl, and shall also have previously exe-
cuted and given to the collector of theport of arrival
a good, sufficient, and satisfactory bond, in doublu
the value ol said invoice, for the due delivery ot the
said goods, wares, and merchandise, unopened, un-
changed, and intact, to the collector of the port of
their final destination in the United States, or tho
Secretary of the Treasury may in his discretion,
accept from such railroad, steamboat, or transporta-
tion company, a general bond for such tiino not ex-
ceeding-three months, in such amount, with such
conditions and such security as ho shall deem advis-
able, with authority at any time to require additional-
security: Provided further, That merchandise m
transit from Asia and Australia so transported and
destined for Europe, shall be delivered by such com-
pany into the custody of the collector of a port on
the Atlantic sca-board of the United States, and may
thereupon be exported by said company from such
custody to Europe in the manner now prescribed by
law; and merchandise intended for Aaia or Aus-
tralia shall be in like manner delivered to and ex-
ported from the custody of the collector of a port on
the Pacific sca-buard of the United Stales.
SEC. ■—. And be it further enacted. That upon tne
receipt of the goods, wares, and merchandise, and
of the invoice and bond named and described m the
foregoing sections of this act, the collector ot the
port of original importation shall ascertain all tho
marks and numbers, and also the exact weight and
precise dimensions of each and every case or pack-
age of said m.erchandiso, and shall transmit adetailod
statement thereof to the collector of the port m tho
United States for which the said merchandise is
finally destined, and shall thereupon deliver \ho
same to the company which is authorized to receive
the same. . , T , , . 
sec. —. And be it further enacted, That upon the
arriyal of the aforesaid goods at the port of final
destination, the importer or consignee of the said
goods shall be, and hereby is, authorized to make
entry of the same in the manner now proscribed by-
law, and to have every legal right or privilege which,
he would or might have enjoyed in the port where
the goods were first landed in the United btates.
gECi—_ be it further enacted, lhat the col-
lector of the port of final destination m the United
States upon delivery to him of such package or pack-
ages by the said transportation company or com-
panies, shall remeasure and weigh the same, and 11
satisfied of its or their identity shall issue a certifi-
cate of receipt for the same, and upon the production
of said receipt to the collcctor of the port of original
importation the aforesaid bonds shall be canceled.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That at each of
: such ports of final destination for which an appraiser
