J 870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41E
41st Cong. ...2d Sess.
Soldiers and Sailors of War of 1812—Mr. Willard.
Ho. of Reps.
pension, with certain exceptions, all surviving
soldiers and sailors who served three months
or more in the Army or Navy of the United
States during the war of 1812. I have made
such inquiries and investigation as I have been
able to, to get at, if possible, some estimate
approximating to the actual fact of the number
of persons who would receive a pension under
the provisions of this bill if it should be enacted
into a law ; but I am obliged to confess that
the results I have reached have not been at all
satisfactory to myself, and I cannot expect
that the information 1 shall give the House
will aid gentlemen muchin arriving at acorrect
judgment respecting the merits of this measure.
I will, however, as briefly as possible, submit
what information I have obtained, and the con-
clusions to which I have come after such con-
sideration as I have been able to give to these
facts. In answer to inquiries made by me the
Commissioner of Pensions sent to me the fol-
lowing letter :
Department of the Interior,
Pension Office, Washington, D. C.,
May 19,1870.
Sir : In compliance with your request of the 17th
instant, to state what evidence this office has as to
the number of soldiers in tbewar of 1812 who served
three months or more; the number of those soldiers
and their widows now surviving, and how many pen-
sioners are now drawing pensions for services in that
war, I have the honor to submit that the official
records of the War and Kavy Departments show the
number of soldiers and length of their servico to
have been as follows:
17.S46 served twelve months in the regular Navy.
38,186 served twelve months in the regular Army.
7,147 served twelve months in the militia.
66.325 served sixmonths.butlessthan twelvemonths
in the militia.
1.5,6-13 served three months, but less than six months
in the militia.
125,307 served one month, but less than three months
in the militia.
117,200 served less than one month, but some of whom
were in battles.
527,651
During the session of 1858-59 several bills were
belore Congress to grant pensions to surviving sol-
diers of the war of 1812, and to the surviving widows
<u those deceased, on which estimates were made
iiom elaborately prepared tables.
According to the tables of mortality used by life
insurance companies it was estimated that, of the
total number of soldiers, 527,654, there were then sur-
viving 1U8.619, anrl of the widows of those deceased,
41,373; of those who served three months or more,
'JJ,012 soldiers and 20,008 widows.
In support of this estimate it may he cited that,
under the acts of 1850 and 1855, granting bounty land
to the soldiers of the war of 1812 and the Indian
w:.rs, and their widows, conditioned that the length
of the service was fourteen days and upward, 212,000
received land warrants. .
Of the 278,011 officers and soldiers who served m
flie revolutionary war pensions were granted ior
:-erv;eo not less than six months to 55,110officers and
; oldiers and 38,559 widows.
In 1S53, over seventy years after the close of the
war of the Revolution, there were 4,200 widows sur-
viving as pensioners. By the application of the same
rule to the widows oi* the soldiers of the war of 1812
there woutd be surviving m 18S5,14,000 widows.
The pensions authorised for services in the war of
1812 have been for disability from wounds received
or disease contracted in the service, and to the
widows and children of those killed m battle, or who
subsequently died of wounds received, or uisease
eon tracted in that service.
The number of the former, invalids, now on the
rolls would not probably exceed 500, and of the latter,
widows, 300., ,
Very respectfully, II. YAH AEBjNAM,
Coiinnisftioner.
Hon. C. W. Willard, Chairman Committee of lieoo-
iafionaru J'enfuotis and War of 1S12.
it appears from this letter that 255,150 sol-
diers and sailors served three months or more,
and 272,507 served less than three months.
As the bill now before the House pensions only
those who served three months or more, it
will apply only to such as may now survive of
the 255,150 ; and even to a less number than
that, as the benefits of the bill are limited to
such as served "consecutively" three months.
The estimate made by the Commissioner of
Pensions in 1858-59 of the number of these
soldiers then surviving was undoubtedly much
too large, as 1 think I can conclusively show.
The number of soldiers and sailors surviving
in 1859 is estimated at 198,619. Number of
widows41,378, makingatotalof239,997. This
number is nearly 28,000 more than the num-
ber of bounty-land warrants issued under the
laws of 1850-55 to these soldiers and sailors
and t.heir widows and minor children, as well
as to the survivors of those who served in all
the Indian wars since 1799; for the Commis-
sioner states the number of warrants to be
212,000. It is to be remembered, also, that the
great majority of these land warrants were
issued soon after 1850, and nearly all of them
before 1857. Besides, the acts granting the
bounty land were so comprehensive in their
terms, that, for the purposes of this discussion,
it may be assumed that the number of soldiers
and sailors of the war of 1812 who did not
come within its provisions was so small that
no material error will be committed by leaving
that number entirely out of the calculation.
Instead, then, of there being almost twohun-
dred and forty thousand soldiers, sailors, and
widows surviving in 1859, there must have
been, exclusive of those who served in the
Indian wars, many less than two hundred
thousand then surviving; indeed, one hundred
and fifty thousand would probably be a large
estimate, or, exclusive of widows, perhaps
ono hundred and thirty thousand. But this
number mast yet, be reduced by more than one
half to get the number of soldiers and sailors
then surviving, who had served more than
three months. Sixty thousand would be much
nearerthetruenumber, in myjudgnient, ofthese
survivors in 1859, than 96,042, the estimate of
the Commissioner; and of this number not more
than one third, and probably not more than
one quarter, nowsurvive ; and these survivors
will average nearly, if not quite, eighty years
of age.
But I will institute another comparison.
There were 278,011 officers and soldiers who
served in the war of the Revolution. Of this
number there were ou the pension-rolls in 1838,
lifty-iive years after the close of that war,
24,630, or less than one eleventh of the whole
number. The same ratio of mortality would
leave only about twenty-one thousand soldiers
and sailors to receive the benefit of this bill.
By resorting to the best mortality tables in this
calculation substantially the same result is
reached; and it is difficult to come to any
other conclusion than that from fifteen to
twenty thousand soldiers and sailors of the war
of 1812 are yet living; and with the excep-
tions mentioned in the bill they will be entitled
to the benefits of this act. Now, if we put the
number of survivors who will get pensions by
this bill, if it becomes alaw, at the highest num-
ber 1 have named, twenty thousand, $2,000,000
per year will be required to pay these pensions.
If the number is found to be fifteen thousand
it will take $1,500,000 annually for that pur-
pose.
And here I take occasion to say that many
weeks since the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812 reported to the
House a joint resolution requiring the Secre-
tary of the Interior to include in his instruc-
tions to the officers who are to take the census
during the coming summer directions to take
statistics in respect to the surviving soldiers
and sailors of the war of 1812. That resolu-
tion passed the House almost unanimously, and
went to the Senate, and it met with no oppo-
sition in that body ; and I hoped that Congress
would, as a result of that measure, be placed
early next session in possession of facts enabling
us to form an intelligent opinion as to the num-
ber of survivors of the war of 1812. The Sen-
ate, however, attached the resolution to a bill
which had also passed this House, reported
from the select Committee on the Ninth Cen-
sus, which rendered it necessary to return the
measure to us, when a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses was
appointed. When the conference committee
came to consider that bill, although there had
been no disagreement between the two Houses
in regard to the object of the joint resolution
to which I have referred, the committee struck
out the provision on which the two Houses had
agreed, and then fixed the rest of the bill to
suit themselves. The report of the committee
of conference came in here, and went through
as conference reports generally go through,
without discussion, and almost without obser-
vation, not half a dozen members knowing what
had been done ; and the six men constituting
that committee thus defeated the expressed
purpose of a decided majority of both Houses
of Congress, and we shall be left hereafter, as
we have been hitherto, without any accurate
data to go upon in respect to the number of
the survivors of the war of 1812.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me for a moment?
Mr. WILLARD. I have but little time left.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I want but a few
minutes.
Mr. WILLARD. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] who I sup-
pose wants to say something about the confer-
ence report.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
that it was utterly impossible to agree in that
matter in the committee of conference, and I
wish to say further that in the census bill
which passed the House, and which the Senate
amended, there was no clause as it passed this
House relating to the soldiers of the war of
1812. That was in another bill. The ease
does not stand as if it were in the bill actu-
ally passed by the House. I ought further to
remark that the records of the War Depart-
ment, as was urged in the committee of confer-
ence, show all that is necessary on this subject.
It would have been utterly vain and valueless
if we had attempted to get, in the manner
suggested, the data on which to base claims of
this kind.
Mr. WILLARD. That does not alter but
admits the fact that the conference committee
struck out of the bill the only part of it to
which both Houses had agreed.
Mr. PAINE. I would like to say a word in
reference to that conference report.
Mr. WILLARD. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. PAINE. I understand the gentleman
from Vermont to say that, in consequence of
the conference committee striking oat that
feature of the bill, he is compelled to present
this bill without the information which would
have been furnished in that way. I ask him
whether, if the bill had remained in its original
shape, it would have given him any inform-
ation?
Mr. WILLARD. I think the gentleman
misunderstood what I said. 1 said that the com-
mittee were without any accurate or reliable
data, and by the killing of that proposition
they and Congress are and will ba left without
these valuable statistics.
But, Mr. Speaker, I was remarking that this
bill would pension probably from fifteen to
twenty thousand men. 1 know that the chair-
man of the Pension Committee of the Senate,
when a bill of this kind was before that body
in the last Congress, estimated that it would
pension only about five thousand; but iu my
judgment that was quite too low an esti-
mate. In this connection 1 call attention to
the amendment proposing to give pensions to
the widows of those soldiers ot the war of 1812
who have died, provided they were married
before or during the war. How many of these
widows are surviving it is quite impossible to
estimate with any degree of accuracy, or even
to guess. The amendment, if adopted, wouid
undoubtedly add a considerable number, prob-
ably several tliousaud, to the pension-roi!,
and in my judgment it would very seriously
