1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
tlie dew of affection, to cast upon the grave of
the friend I loved.
Mr. Fessendei? was my friend. When three
years ago I came to this Chamber, fresh from
the busy walks of a stirring commercial life
which afforded little time for the careful study
of public affairs, a stranger to most of the
members of the body, unfamiliar with the
forms of legislation, deeply impressed with
the responsibilities of my new position, and
distrustful of my ability to do justice to my
State, he took me by the hand, addressed to
me generous words of encouragement, gave
me bis confidence, and honored me with his
friendship, and with all the kindness, delicacy,
and affection of an elder brother he continued
to the end to be my constant counselor and
steadfast friend.
At the very outset of my senatorial career
he was kind enough to express a wish to have
me placed on the Finance Committee, of which
he was then chairman ; a position which as a
new member I had no right to expect, but a
compliment I fully appreciated. For more
than two years it has been my privilege to oc-
cupy a seat by his side in this Chamber, kindly
invited thereto by himself. I had therefore
the advantage of enjoying to a large extent his
brilliant and instructive conversation on sub-
jects of public interest, and also ample oppor-
tunity to study the characteristics of his mind
and heart in the unrestricted social intercourse
which such proximity naturally begets between
friends.
Mr. President, William P. Fessendex was
an honest man ; and, sir,
" An honest man is the noblest work of God."
He was the truest man to his convictions I
have ever known. He had that combination of
qualities which alone can make a great states-
man—a clear head and a pure heart coupled
with a firm will and a determined spirit. More-
over, I can bear testimony that he was a man of
the finest sensibilities, the most tender-hearted
and affectionate of men. I speak of this because
I fear in some quarters he was not in this re-
spectfully understood. In the heat and fervor
of current off-hand debate, wherein I think
lie was without a rival in this Chamber, his
keen, sharp, incisive style and earnest manner
would sometimes wound an opponent. But he
bore malice toward none, and I think it may
be truthfully said of him, as he said of the
lamented Senator Foot, '' Impulsive and ardent
in temperament, he was generous and forgiving.
If injury excited him to anger, it was a gen-
erous anger which could hardly outlive the
occasion and perished of itself if left alone."
But I forbear. I rose only to speak of him
as my friend. I was on the far-off shores of
the Pacific when the telegraph brought to that
distant point the account of Mr. Fessenden's
extreme illness. In common with other mem-
bers of this body then in California I watched
with intense anxiety the daily bulletin from his
home by the shores of the Atlantic ; and if
ever there went up to Heaven from my heart of
hearts an earnest ejaculation, it was that God
would spare his life.
But it was otherwise ordered. The bolt has
fallen ; and while we sorrow for the loss of the
patriot, statesman, and friend, it becomes us to
bow submissively to the will of Him "who
doeth all things well." Mr. President, there
are others here who have known Mr. Fessen-
den longer than I have, who have shared with
him for long years the duties and responsibil-
ities of public life ; others who respected him
in his life, enjoyed his friendship, and now
lament his death. But no one in this Cham-
ber I am sure will more deeply feel the void
created by his death, or miss his companion-
ship more than I. My heart sinks within me at
the thought that I shall no more hear his kindly
morning salutation, no more look into his
classic face, no more feel the warm pressure
of his hand. All this is gone, and gone for-
ever ; but I shall hold in perpetual and grate-
ful remembrance the pleasant memories of our
friendly relations on earth. It only remains
for me to say, farewell, kind friend, farewell.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President, we have
not rested to-day from the ordinary routine of
legislation to exhibit a simulated sorrow or to
enact an empty pageant at the grave of our
fallen associate. The Senate is oppressed with
an abiding sense of its bereavement, and with
the painful thought that one of the wisest of its
councilors will never again return to partici-
pate in its deliberations.
We all respected and those who knew him in-
timately loved, William Pitt Fessenden. He
was sometimes tempted into sharp controversies
in the arena of debate, for his convictions were
profound, his emotional nature quick, and a sar-
casm sharper than a Damascus blade was ready
at his command. It is natural and pardonable
that a trained master in the art of advocacy and
defense should enter the lists and fight valiantly
when either an old friend or a cherished meas-
ure is attacked.
" "We, wo have seen the intellectual race
Of giants stand like Titans faeo to face;
Athos and Ida with a dashing sea
Of eloquence betwoen, which flowed all free,
As the deep billows of the .33gean roar
Botwixttho Hellenieand the Phrygian shore."
The wounds he inflicted weregiven without
malice, though they were sometimes deep and
painful; but his antagonists were noble, and
their animosities are nowall buried in his grave.
He was not a politician, but an incorruptible
statesman, and our bereavement is therefore
a national loss.
Baptized into the name of England's greatest
minister he seems to have been dedicated from
the cradle to public affairs. He was born at
Boscawen, New Hampshire, on the 16th of
October, 1800, within a few miles of the birth-
place of Mr. Webster, the life-long friend of
his father. Once I heard Mr. Fessenden speak
modestly but gratefully of the kindly and foster-
ing interest which the great statesman bestowed
upon himself as a child and in the opening years
of his manhood. In the same conversation he
referred with regret to the vote which he had
felt compelled to give in the presidential con-
vention of 1852. Mr Webster, when told that
Mr. Fessenden had opened the balloting by
pasting the vote of Maine for General Scott
rather than himself, after a painful pause
replied, referrincr to the sentiments of his
father, "Well, William Pitt Fessenden' has
come to his inheritance earlier than I antici-
pated." _ It implied an act of ingratitude, and
was carried in sorrow not in anger to the grave,
as his vote had violated his personal feeling to
express the will of his State.
Mr. Fessenden had,an exquisitely sensitive
nature, which vibrated to the slightest touch ;
and his affection, especially his love of kindred
and friends, was as deep and tender as a wo-
man's. The endearing terms of respect and
love in which ho was wont to speak of his father
in the closing years of his life were touching
and beautiful in the extreme; and we who
were present shall never forget the moietened
eye, the quivering lip, and the stifled utterance
with which he spoke of his sons, living and
dead, on the solitary occasion when he rose
here in his own defense against what ho deemed
an unjust imputation of an undue exertion of
influence in their behalf.
He had little taste, 1 apprehend, for formal
dinner parties and the empty show and plati-
tudes of general society ; but an evening among
his friends was a medicine to his public cares
and a pleasure to his heart which he gladly
welcomed. He did not covet a wide circle of
intimates,but followed the precept of Polonius :
"The friends thou hast, and their adoption tried,
Granule them to thy soul with hooks of steel."
^ He was charitable and considerate toward
his friends, and never humiliated or cast off
even the humblest by patronizing or domineer-
ing them.
I doubt not his social habits were modified
somewhat by the studious habits of his early
professional life and the precarious health of
his later years. He had learned to husband
the time and strength which too many give to
pleasure for the discharge of high and grave
public trusts.
The remarkable intellectual gifts of this dis-
tinguished man were an inheritance from both
his parents, who were persons of unusual men-
tal vigor; but they had been strengthened by
long and close application. I once expressed
to him my surprise that he so rarely supported
his speeches by reference to legal authorities.
His repiy was that he had been a close student
of law while in the practice for twenty years,
and if his matured opinions could not stand
upon their own merits they were not worth
supporting.
But his restless mental activity swept beyond
the limits of professional study into the fields of
history and general literature. With a fear
bordering upon a morbid dread of pedantry
he ordinarily concealed his literary attain-
ments ; but sometimes in the seclusion of his
chamber he would rehearse a poem with such
pathos and tender appreciation of its beauties
as to surprise and entrance the privileged lis-
tener. Once upon such an occasion when
asked why he did not oftener draw illustration
and ornament from the classic authors he ex-
pressed a feeling approaching contempt for
the practice of interlarding forensic efforts at
measured intervals with borrowed scraps of
poetry. The solid masonry of argument is
weakened by an attempt to build into it the
cunning workmanship of rhetoric, and original
poverty of style can only be enriched by a men-
tal digestion and appropriation of the best in-
tellectual products of the past. An ignoramus
may ape the learning of an Erasmus, and a
clown wear the glittering robe of Sophocles or
Milton, but the quick sense of unlettered men
even will penetrate their disguises. Mr. Fes-
senden's honest hate of all such false pre-
tenses was so intense as to deprive him in a
measure, I apprehend, of his unquestioned
rights as a scholar.
I leave the task of analyzing his mental con-
stitution and political career to others who
knew him longer and will speak more at length;
but I cannot refrain from alluding to what
seemed to me a marked peculiarity of his mind.
AVhile there was nothing petty or technical in
its processes, while the grasp of his intellect
was large and comprehensive, his most strik-
ing characteristic was a marvelous power of
analysis. He was an accomplished logician,
and would have excelled as a metaphysician.
The nature and minutest relation of every ques-
tion seemed to come to him by an instanta-
neous intuition. How often we have seen him
blast some fine theory by a single word as
potent as the spear of Ithuriel!
He had a habit of resolving every proposi-
tion into its elements, and then of testing them
by the application of first principles; and such
was his command of his faculties that he could
enter upon and pursue these mental operations
in the whirling eddy of affairs and in the midst
of the most boisterous debate. He had the rare
faculty of withdrawing from the outward and
objective into the calm retreats of the reason,
where he would fabricate in undisturbed seclu-
sion the close argument which he would launch
forth in aa unlooked-for discussion, all fresh
and glowing from the burning forge within.
A stranger might not detect his purpose, but
one who knew him well could prognosticate
from his expressive face a coming speech with
tho certainty of assurance. When up he asked
no quarter and resorted to no arts to estab-
lish his cause; never substituted his personal
authority for logic, but appealed always to the
reason and conscience of the Senate.
Mr. Fessenden's written efforts exhibited
the same grasp of thought and terseness of
expression which we find in his spoken ad-
dresses, though it is evident he had not the
same facility in composition which he possessed
in oral speech. The memorable report of the
