2374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
Mr. DIXON moved to recousider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to recousider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CUARtKS E. DOLE.
Mr. DIXON, from the same committee, also
reported back House bill No. 891, for the relief
of Charles E. Dole, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasui-y to ascertain in such
manner as may be satisfactory to him the facts
connected with the importation of certain
pork, flour, fish, and other supplies, valued at
§1,630 40, in 1868, by Soul6 & Co., at Moose
river, in the collection district of Bath, in tho
State of Maine; and if he shall be satisfied that
the said articles are as alleged of the produce,
growth, or manufacture of tho United States
in tho same condition as when exported there-
from, the Secretary is further authorized to
remit or refund the duties accruing on the
importation of the same.
Mr. DIXON demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Tho bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DIXON moved to reconsider tho vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on tho
table.
The hitter motion was agreed to.
CLEVELAND WATER-WOKUS.
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back House bill No. (id, de-
claring the consent of Congress to the erection
of n " crib " in Lake Erie by the city of Cleve-
land, Ohio, for the protection of an inlet for a
water-works tunnel about to bo constructed
by said city, with the recommendation that it
do pass.
1 lie bill, which was read, gives the consent
of Congress to tho eity of Cleveland, in tho
county of Cuyahoga, Ohio, to erect and main-
tain in Lajce Eric, at such distance from the
shore thereof as may be necessary, a ''crib"
for the protection of ail inlet shaft for an under-
lalce water-works tunnel, about to bo con-
structed for the purpose of supplying said eity
with pure water; provided that said "crib"
shall bo furnished with a beacon light, which
beacon light shall be kept lighted at all pueli
seasons aud hours as the light on tho pier at
the entrance of Cuyahoga river.
Mr. CONGER, i move tho previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read tho third time, and
passed.
Mr. CONGEH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Bitrrtsii-BuaT sciioonbh " tv. i>. n."
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported back joint resolution (II. R. No. 131)
granting an American register to the British-
built, schooner "W. D. 15.," with the recom-
mendation that it, do pass.
The joint resolution, which was read, author-
izes the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an
American register to the British-built schooner
" W. D. B.," wrecked and found abandoned at
sea ; said vessel being now owned by citizens
of Portland, Maine.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I call the previsus ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to he engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, aud passed.
Mr. IIOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint, resolution was passed; and
ako moved that tho motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
IIAltKIET E. IMUtKEIt.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. U. No. 1009) for tho relief
of Harriet 13. Parker; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was ou ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It declares, in its first
section, that Harriet, E. Parker is entitled to
all the rights which her husband, William II.
Parker, deceased, may have had as discoverer
to two small islands in the South Pacifio ocean,
called Johnson's and Agnes's Islands, situated
in latitude 10° 40'north and longitude 109°20'
west. The second section allows twelve months
from the passage of this act to tho said Harriet
13. Parker to perfect title to tho same, and pro-
vido for and secure her interests therein, as if
the same had been done by tho said William II.
Parker, deceased, within twelve months after
his death.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call tho previous ques-
tion.
Tho previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to bo engrossed
for a third reading ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read tho third time, and passed.
Mr. IIOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that tho motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOHOONEK VBNIUA.
Mr. nOLMAN, from the samo committee,
reported a joint resolution (H. It. No. 227)
granting an American register to the British-
built schooner Venilia; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was on ordering the joint reso-
lution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Amer-
ican register to the British-built schooner Vo-
niiia, wrecked and abandoned in waters of tho
United States, and now owned by citizens of
Maine.
Mr. CONGEIl. I move to amend tho joint
resolution by adding the words " on payment
of twenty per cent, of its value when con-
demned and sold as a wrecked vessel."
Mr. IIOLMAN. I cannot in the absence of
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] yield
for the purpose of admitting that amendment.
I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to bo engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time.
The question recurred on tho passage of the
joint lesolution.
'The question was put; and there were —
ayes 25, noes 14 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. IIolman' and Mr.
Oojtcee.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 90, noes '2.4.
Mr. CONGER. 1 call for tho yeas and nays
on the passage of the joint resolution ; but in
the liist place I desire to make a brief state-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes thirteen, noes not counted; not a suffi-
cient number voting affirmatively.
So thp yeas aud nays were not ordered.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution is -
passed.
Mr. CONGER. I move to lay tkejoint res-
olution on the table.
The SPEAKER. There is no joint resolu-
tion before the House to which such a motion"
can apply.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to make a personal
explanation. 1 am not disposed to be captious
about any matter which comes before tho House,
and never opposed the passage of any measure
unless I had a reason for it, which 1 supposed
if submitted to the House would influence their
vota ; aud I am satisfied that if the gentlemau
from Indiana had permitted me to speak a few
moments ago this joint resolution would not
have passed. It is' admitting a foreign vessel
to register in the United States without tho pay-
ment of a partielo of duty, and I think should
not bo supported by gentlemen who would pro-
tect American shipping. I move to reconsider
the voto by which the joint resolution was
passed. And I wish to say 
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
Tho gentleman obtained the floor, not for the
purpose of making a motion, but for tho pur-
pose of a personal explanation. I was cer-
tainly entitled to the floor for the purpose of -
making tho motion to reconsider, and lay the
motion to reconsider on the table. ,
The SPEAKER. The gentlemau from In-
diana [Mr. IIoi.man] was occupying the floor
after tho joint resolution had passed, "but
yielded to the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Conghu] to make a personal explanation-. ,
Whether the gentleman should then use his
position to make the motion to recousider is a
matter for his own sense of propriety, and not
for tho Chair to dtseide.
Mr. CONGER. Having obtained the floor,
and seeing that there was an opportunity for me
to make a motion, I have availed myself of my
parliamentary privilege to do so.
Tho SPEAKER. That must be a question
between the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
IIoi,man] and the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Conger.] The gentleman from Indiana
was on the floor and yielded for tho purpose
of enabling the gentleman from Michigan to
make a personal explanation.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana had taken his seat.
The SPEAKER. He was occupying the
floor for a scries of reports from the Committee
on Commerce. It is a point upon which tho
Chair cannot rule.
Mr. CALKIN. I voted in the affirmative ou
this bill, but if what the gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Conokr] says is correct, as I believe
it to be, I wish to vote to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, because I am
not here to admit British vessels to American
registry.
Mr. CONGER resumed the floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a minute or two.
Mr. CONGER. Wait a moment. I have
had great difficulty in obtaining this honorable
position, and I wish to occupy tho floor for a
moment myself. [Laughter.] The whole coun-
try is agitated with ihe question regarding the
protection of tho shippiug and ship-building
interests of the country. A special committee
has been appointed by this House to examine
into and report to the House ou these matters;
and while the report of that, committee is before
the House recommending bounties and subsi-
dies to our navigation interests, a bill is intro-
duced here to nationalize and registera foreign
vessel without the payment of any duties what-
ever. I admit that it is a matter of small im-
portance in itself, but there are before the Com-
mittee on Commerce a great many applications
of this character ; there are many vessels desir-
ing to come in under this same rule. Now, 1
say to gentlemen that if we pass this bill we
must bo prepared also to pass forty or fifty
others which aro before that committee oreom-
ing bgfore it, and admit other foreign vessels to
