3318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think that is very well
if it is understood that* question may be asked
of the Senator from Massachusetts as he goes
•long. He is not going to make, as I under-
stand, any set speech ; but Una is practically
to inform tho Senate what the bill is and what
the changes are; bat when a section is read
and the Senator from Massachusetts explains
it, I should like to have the privilege, for in-
formation, of inquiring of him as to the bearing
of any particular provision.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Alabama is now entitled to the floor;
and if there be no objection, after the Seuator
concludes, that will be the understanding.
Mr. WARNER. If it is the understanding
that we are to go through with this bill and
have explanations 
Mr. STEWARI". I object to any under-
standing, because I believe it will be a waste
of time.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the right of the
Senator from Massachusetts, when he gets the
floor, to make his speech in that way; and
that will be the natural way of explaining the
bill.
Mr. STEWART. But I do not think it is
worth while to spend time going through the
hill in that way, for I am contident that we are
nnable now to pass any bill reducing the Army
when the facts are developed.
Mr. WARN EK. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. If tho Secretary will read
the next section I will explain it, if anybody
desires an explanation ol it.
Mr. WARNER. I should be rery glad to
have the Senator from Massachusetts go through
with this bill, and let the Senate have the bene-
fit of his explanations of every section, and then
let as make np our minds as to the propriety
of going on with the bill at all. If it is taken
■p section by section with that understanding I
shall be very glad to withhold any observations
I may have to make. This bill will require
very extended discussion, and will occapy a
good deal of time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The object can
be attained by the Senator from Massachusetts
incorporating the bill aa part of his speech.
It can be read section by section as part of the
speech of the Senator from Massachusetts antil
its conclnsiou. Afterward it will be open for
amendment and general debate. The first
section has been read. The second will now
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the seeond section of
the substitute of the Committee on Military
Affairs, as follows:
Ssc. 2. A d beH further enacted, That the President
be, and be is bertby, authorised, at bu dUoretion,
honorably to discharge from the service of the United
State) o niters of rhe Array who in ay apply therefor,
on or before tbe 1st of October; sad inch officers go
discharged under tie lira vinos* of this act shall be
entiiled to receive, in addition to the pay and allow-
ance* dne them at tbe date of their discharge, aa fol-
low! : oflioete who have served more tUan ton yean,
two years' pay and allowances; officers who bavo
served more than five years and less than ten years,
one and one half year's pay and allowances; officers
who bare served less than five years, one year's pay
and aiiowaaess.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to bate two
or three other sections read that apply to the
same matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will continue the reading until the Senator from
Massachusetts claims the floor.
The third and fourth sections were read, as
follow*:
Sao. 3. Anelbeit further enacted, That the President
be. and be is hereby,authorised, at hisducretion, to
place on tho retired li3t of the Army, on their own
application, any commissioned officers who hare been
thirty yean in tbe service; and the officers who may
be retired by virtne of thin section shall be entitled
to (he name pay and emoluments as are now allowed
or may h*rpafter be allowed to officers retired from
active service.
8sc. 4. And be it further enacted. That the proviso
of the sixteenth section of tbe art approved August
3.1S6I, limiting the nntnber of officers on the retired
list to seven per cent, of tbe whole number of exist-
ing officers, be, and the same is hereby, repealed;
and hereafter tho number Of officers who may be
retired in accordance with existing laws shall be in
the discretion of the President: Provided, That the
whole number on the retired list shall at no time
oxoeed three hundred.
Mr. WILSON. By the reduction of the
number of infantry regiments we have fifteen
colonels, eighteen lieutenant colonels, twenty-
one majors, one hundred and seventy-two cap-
tains, two hundred and six first lieutenants,
and tifty-oae second lieutenants as supernum-
erary officers on hand. One of the great ob-
jects of this bill is to relieve the Government
of the support of this nntnber of fonr hundred
and eighty officers. The House bill provided
that there should be a board appointed to
examine all the officers of the Ariny. In the
first place it would take a board two or three
years to examine the officers of the Army
properly, and therefore that would bo an im-
practicable measure. In the second place thero
can be no need of examining the great body
of the officers of our Army. Most of those
officers have served in the war; more than
five hundred of them have been wounded in
battle. They have seen more service in the
field probably than the officers of any army
that treads the planet to-day. Nearly all of
them are officers of capacity, character, and
large experience, and there can be no need
whatever of sending those officers before any
board for examination. There are about three
hundred officers whose records are not very
good. Many of them have good records in
the past in the field, but some of them by their
misconduct in some way or other have now
records that would justify tbe sending of them
before a board. Now, it is provided that a
board shall be appointed to examine such offi-
cers; bat in order to make this reduction of
four hundred and eighty officers it is provided
in this bill, in the first place, that the Presi-
dent shall accept the resignation of any officers
who may choose to apply under the conditions
of the second section, offering them a certain
amonnt of pay in case they shall resign. It is
believed that several officers would otfer their
resignations under the provisions of thesecond
section.
Then it is provided in the next section 'hat
officers who have served thirty years may on
their own application go on the retired list.
This is rather an honorary section, saying to
officers who have served the country for thirty
years, "On your own application you may go
on the retired list' but it does not force them
there contrary to their own wishes.
The third section makes the number of the
retired list three hundred. We have about
sixty or seventy officers Who have been wonnded
or broken down in the service who ought to be
retired, and we have some old officers who
Ought to be retired. It is believed that under
tbe provisions of the third section at least one
hundred officers out bf the four hundred and
eighty will be retired. They ought to be re-
tired on account of their wounds, their disabil-
ities growing out of the war, and their age.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams in the chair.) The Secretary will read
| the next section.
; The Secretary read section five, as follows :
Ssc. 5. And be it further enacted. That the offices
of General and Lieutenant General of the Army shall
continue until a vacancy shall occur in the same, and
no longer; and when such vacanoy shall occur in
either of said offices, immediately thereupon all laws
| and parts of laws creating said office fha.ll become
inoperative, and shall, by virtue of this act, from
thenceforward bo held to De repealed.
Mr. WILSON. Let the next section be
read.
The Secretary read section six, as follows:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That no appoint-
ment to the grade of major general shall be made
until tbe nnmber of officers of this grade is reduced
to three, alter which appointments to this (rradeshall
be made in the manner now provided for by law.
Mr. DRAKE. I will inquire of the chair-
man of tho committee whether the intention
of that section was not to limit the number of
major generals to three ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. It does not accomplish that
intention. It accomplishes the exact opposite.
It only prevents any appointment being made
until the number is reduced to three, and then
they may increase the number ngain just as
now authorized bylaw. I suggest to the chair-
man a verbal amendment in that section and
in the next one, to strike out the word "to"
before "three " and insertthe word "below,"
and then to strike out all of the section after
the word "three" and insert "which shall
thereafter be the number of major generals
allowed by law."
Mr. WILSON. I accept that amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. I have marked it in pencil
for both sections, and substituted the word
"that" for "this."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read as amended.
The Secketary. If amended as proposed,
the section will read :
That no appointment to tho grado of major gen-
eral shall bo made iiutil tho number of officers of
that grudo is rcducod bcluw throe. whioh shall there-
after be tho number of major generals allowed by
law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "Below three!" That
would not be right.
Mr. DRAKli. No appointment is to be
made until they am reduced below three, the
intention being to fix three as the number of
major generals; and of course there could
not be any appointment until the number was
reduced below three.
.Mr. WILSON. I accept that amendment.
The next section will require a similar amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This amend-
ment to the amendment will be regarded as
agreed to if there be no objection. The next
section will be read.
The Secretary read section seven, as fol-
lows :
Sec. 7. And br it further enacted. That no appoint-
ment to tho gradeof brigadier general shall be made
until the number of officers of this grade is reduced,
to six, after which appointments to this grade shall
be made in tho manner now provided for by law.
Mr. DRAKE. That should be amended by
making it conform to the other section, so as
to read as follows:
That no appointment to tho grade of brigadier
1 general shall be made until the number of officers
of that grade is reduced belowsix, which shall there-
after be the number of brigadier ganerals allowed
by law.
ThePRESlDING OFFrPER. Thatamend-
rnent to the amendment will be made, if there
be no objection.
Mr. WILbON. I will state in regard to the
sixth and seventh sections that the House bill
provided that the number of major generals
should be fixed at three, and of brigadier
generals at six. That would require the dis-
missal of some of those officers. The death
of General Thomas has reduced the number
of major generals to four. It would be a very
difficult thing to select from among these major
generals one to be removed from the Army.
And so with the brigadier geuerals. These
two sections differ from the provisions of the
House bill in this, that they provide that the
force shall be reduced as these officers die or
resign*
Mr. TRUMBULL. How many brigadiers
have we now ?
Mr. WILSON. We liave eight. I think
two of them can be retired in a year or two.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to ask the
chairman of the committee what reason of
public policy there is for Congress now declar-
; ing while men who have rendered distinguished
, services to the country are occupying the places
; of General and Lieutenant General, that they
are a superfluity and unnecessary, and that it
, is only by grace we allow them to continue,
•and propose to abolish the grades hereafter?_
I Mr. WILSON. If it is ever to be done it
i may as well be done now as at any other time,
i If one of these officers should die there would
! be a strong pressure to fill his place. We must
! begin somewhere. This is no attack on these
