1430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
one hundred and sixty acres, or a quarter
section, to any one settler, and at prices not
exceeding $2 60 per acre," it is also provided
that a mortgage may be executed by the com-
pany for the security of the holders of its
bonds. If you do that, both parts of the act
must have effect; for you cannot reject one in
preference to rejecting th  other. The com-
pany may, therefore, in pcrfect consistency
with the terms of the act, give its first mort-
gage ; and if the lands are not sold on that
mortgage, but are sold in fee to purchasers,
then it must sell to actual settlers. The pro-
vision that they shall be sold to actual settlers
does not destroy the provision that there may
be a first mortgage on these very lands. Such
is the intention of the bill; and therefore,
under that first mortgage thus expressly author-
ized by the bill, the whole lands may be taken
away from actual settlers.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. I move an amendment, to
insert at the end of the fourth section the fol-
lowing :
And that no mortgage that may be given by the
said company shall operate to prevent the sale of
any lands affected by this act to actual settlers; and
any violation of this condition shall work a forfeit-
ure of all lands which may remain unsold to actual
settlers.
In the fourth section the grant is made ex-
pressly on condition that the lands shall be
sold to actual settlers and no other persons.
The amendment is only to secure the perform-
ance of that condition solely for that purpose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Maryland will see that he works a for-
feiture of the lands to actual settlers as his
amendment was read.
Mr. VICKERS. No, sir; only a forfeiture
of the lands unsold.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. "To actual
settlers;" all lands unsold are to be forfeited
to actual settlers. That is not what he intends.
Mr. VICKERS. As I understand the bill,
the company have no right to sell the lands to
anybody but an actual settler. If the lands are
sold to actual settlers there is no forfeiture.
If a portion of the land is sold to actual set-
tlers the portion unsold will be forfeited to the
Government if that condition is violated. That
is the sole object of the amendment. It is to
secure the sale of the lands to actual settlers,
according to our purpose. If any other phrase-
ology can be suggested by the Senator from
Vermont I shall be very happy to adopt it.
That is the idea, the object, the sole purpose
of the amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the Senate will vote
it down. ^ It complicates and makes doubtful
the meaning of the section.
Mr. CASSERLY. What security has the
Government that this important provision in
the bill will be complied with? I respectfully
ask the Senator from Oregon—who I know
will understand that my query proceeds from
a desire to carry out what is the distinguishing
feature of this bill—to state in what way that
clause of the bill is to be enforced which pro-
vides for confining the sales by the company
of this land to settlers. Suppose they do not
sell to settlers?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose this law has as
much effect as any other law in reference to
public lands. There is no law in reference to
the public lands of the United States that may
not be violated, and the remedy is in the hands
of the Department.
Mr. VICKERS. I have modified the amend-
ment to meet the views of the Senator from
Vermont, so as to read:
And no mortgage that may be given by tho said
company sball operate to prevent the sale of any
lands affected by this net to actual settlers; and any
violation of Ibis condition shall work a forfeiture of
till the lnuds wiiiuh may remain unsold.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope that will not be
adopted. The object seems to be, notwith-
standing it is proposed to grant this land to this j
compnny, to moke it us worthless as possible, '
in the hands of the company, so as to prevent
the construction of a railroad. The object of
these provisions of the bill is to expedite and
facilitate the construction of the road and make
these lands valuable for that purpose; but if
these amendments are put in, doubts are thrown
upon the effect of the different provisions of the
act, and when the company seeks to negotiate
its bonds, various questions of construction will
arise. I hope, as this section is wholly unob-
jectionable and is drawn in the interest of the
public and against the company, these amend-
ments will not prevail.
Mr. VICKERS. If it is the design of the
company to act in good faith toward the Gov-
' ernment I can see no objection to this provis-
ion. The grant is made expressly upon con-
dition that the lands are to be sold to actual
settlers. Now, there ought to be some secur-
ity that this shall be done; or if they are sold
to other persons the design of the grant of
course is defeated; the purpose for which
the land is given is rendered abortive. I can
see no difficulty in giving a mortgage on the
land. In truth I do not understand how a
mortgage can be given on the money derived
from the sale of the land and not upon the
land itself. I do not see what a mortgage is
to operate upon except it be upon the land;
and in order to prevent a mortgage of the land
itself so as to interfere with the rights of set-
tlers I have offered this amendment to make
the matter plain and explicit. That is my only
desire, and not to throw a difficulty in the way,
for such is not my purpose.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am surprised that the
Senator from Oregon should impute motives
to any Senator. I suppose this bill is like any
other bill here, to be amended or opposed in
any way that is within the rules of order in ,
this body, according to the conscience of each
member of the Senate: and I suppose one
Senator has no more rights than another here.
When the Senator from Oregon imputes motives
to a Senator on this side of the Chamber in ref-
erence to any amendment he may move he
ought to reflect whether motives may not be
imputed with much better foundation from this
side.
What is the theory of this bill? Its theory
and its distinguishing feature, as we have under-
stood all along, is this: that notwithstanding
the grant of this aid to this railroad company
the settlement of the lands by actual settlers
shall proceed as though the grant had not been
made. If that is not the theory of this bill I
have not understood it, and the Senator from
Oregon will correct me if I am wrong. That
being the theory of this bill, I ask him, and I
ask other Senators, what valid objection there
can be to making that plain and certain; what
valid reason he can give in opposition to an
amendment the object of which is to carry out
the declared theory of his bill and to assure
that it shall not be disregarded or violated by
the company ?
The object of the Senator from Maryland,
by his amendment, is to provide that in case
the company shall give a mortgage upon this
road for any purpose, notwithstanding tne mort-
gage the right of the settler shall continue, M
the theory of this act is that it must continue,
namely, as free to enter and acquire title to
these lands as though the act had not been
passed. I am sorry the Senator from Oregon
should deem it his duty, in replying to an
amendment of that kind, to assume that any
one on this side has any object except that
which is declared, namely, to advance the pub-
lic good in reference to this bill by such amend-
ments as seem most conducive to that end.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I disclaim any intention
of imputing any motives to anybody except
opposition to the bill, aud I suppose that is
manifest enough.
Mr. VICKERS. If this company were to
execute a mortgage upon these lands, and that
mortgage should be foreclosed and the lands
sold by a trustee, what would become of the
rights of actual settlers ? It is only to avoid
what would follow as the result of an event of
that kind that I have offered this amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. I offer another amendment,
toinsert after the word "company," inlineten,
of section five, the words "on the road, depots,
stations, side-tracks, and wood-yards," so as
to confine the mortgage to the road and its
appurtenances, and not allow it to extend to
the lands.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not care anything
about that. If that will be any satisfaction to
the Senator he can have it that way. The bill
means that now.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. In my observations a
little while ago I stated that in a certain con-
tingency I might vote for this bill. I spoke
under the impression which I then had of the
character of the bill. That impression was
that the bill granted nothing but the proceeds
of the sales of lands; that it was not a bill to
vest title in the railroad company. As I con-
ceive the vesting of title in a railroad company
not to be at all essential in the object of aid-
ing the company to build the road, and to be
productive of very great evils, as I have stated,
and to be part of a pernicious system, I shall
be obliged to vote against the bill. Had the
bill been as I understood it before, I should
have been willing to vote for it.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and was read the third time.
Mr, THURMAN. On the passage of the
bill I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays 7; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, Colo, Ed-
munds, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Howard, Howe,
Howell, Kellogg, McDonald, Nye, Osborn, Patter-
son, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Sawyer,
Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Tipton, Warner, Willey, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Casserly, Davis, McCreery, Sauls-
bury .
ling, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Fenton, Ferry, bowler,
Hamilton, Harris, Johnston, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Pratt,
Robertson, Sprague, and Trumbull—27.
So the bill was passed.
message from this iiousk.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, Chief Clerk,
, announced that the House had passed a bill
| (H. R. No. 385) declaring the lands constitut-
i ing the Fort Collins reservation in the Terri-
) tory of Colorado subject to preemption and
i homestead entry, as provided for in existing
; laws, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
BXECUTIVJS COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of tho Senate of the 11th instant,
information concerning the recent engagement
of Brevet Colonel Baker, United States Army,
with the Pigeon Indians in Montana Territory;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
house bill refkrrkd.
The bill(H. R. No. 385) declaring the lands
constituting the Fort Collins reservation in the
Territory of Colorado subject to preemption
and homestead entry as provided for in ex-
isting laws; was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
