5206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
of imported merchandise is not now provided for by
law there shall be appointed an appraiser of im-
ported merchandise at a salary of $2,000 per annum;
and also such number of weighers, gaugers, meas-
urers, and inspectors as may be necessary to execute
the provisions of this act, who shall rcceivo the ordin-
ary legal compensation of such officers.
Sec.—.And be it jvrther enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and in-
structed to make and issue such rules and regulations
as may be necessary to give force and effect to the
provisions of this act.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That all acts a.nd
parts of acts repugnant to the provisions of this act
be, and-the same a.rc hereby, repealed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remind Senators that debate on this bill
is limited to five minutes by each Senator on
each amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER,. The limitation of debate
to five minutes was upon the tax bill; bat this
is another measure entirely, and there is no
limit upon any bill that comes from another
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to inform the Sen-
ator from Michigan of the fact that I did not
know of before, or otherwise 1 would have
mentioned it to him, and I think he would
have yielded. This proposition was offered as
an amendment to this bill, and printed as an
amendment intended to be proposed to this
particular bill. Before the agreement about
limiting discussion was adopted in the Senate
the Senator from Illinois presented it, gave
notice lie would offer it as an amendment to
this bill, and that was done before the agree-
ment as to limiting debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the tax bill was
taken up.
Mr. CHANDLER. I presume there is not
a member of this body who was aware of that
fact, certainly no one except the Senator who
offered it. The other night I proposed to have
thereport of the Secretary of the Treasury upon
this subject read, and Ithenstated that [would
withdraw all opposition if the Senate saw fit, to
pass the measure after listening to the report;
but that was not acceded to. The report would
take a longer time than five minutes, and it
was passed over. Now, I shall feel it to be
my duty if this amendment is insisted upon to
explain it, and I cannot do it in five minutes,
or in thirty minutes.
Mr.POMEROY. Do you want five hours?
Mr. CHANDLER. No ; I can do it in about
an hour; but I hope the proposition will be
withdrawn. It changes the whole custom-
house system of the United States. I do not
say that some measure ought not to pass look-
ing to this subject; but not in this form, not
in this shape.
I hope I shall not be considered as violating
any understanding on this occasion, because
the Committee on Commerce lias twice re-
ported against this bill; twice it has been
indefinitely postponed by this body this winter,
and now it comes up again 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Postponed without the
least consideration, nobody knowing it.
_ Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir: with full con-
sideration.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask whether he means to press his amendment
to the amendment moved by the Senator from
Missouri ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Of course I shall press
it. If the main amendment is to be adopted I
shall press mine ; but I am against the whole
thing, and I want to explain what the bill is
before it is voted upon. •
Mr. HOWE. You are against the main
amendment, even if the amendment moved by
yourself is adopted ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I am still against it.
Mr. HOWE. I only wanted to know your
position.
Mr. CHANDLER. I appeal to the Senator
from Missouri to withdraw this amendment
from the bill.
^Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust this amendment
will not be withdrawn by the Senator from
Missouri, who offered it in my absence, and if
it should be withdrawn I should certainly re-
new it. This is a subject which has been under
consideration for a long time; the House of
Representatives have twice passed bills upon
this very subject. We have a bill now on our
table accomplishing this object. I know the
Secretary of the Treasury is opposed to it, and
the Committee on Commerce seem to have
taken their inspiration from the Secretary of
the Treasury and have opposed every bill that
the House of Representatives has sent us. But
I trust the Senator from Michigan, by threaten-
ing to talk against time 
Mr. CHANDLER. I have made no such
threat.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator threatens
to make a speech an hour in length. Let him
make his hour'sspeech. I do not think a great
public measure demanded by the people of this
country that has been before Congress for years,
that has twice passed the House of Representa-
tives. and been sent to this body, should be
smothered or put down by any statement of
the chairman of a committee here that he has
got some information from the Secretary of the
Treasury, who, we know, has been opposing
this thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make a proposition that
I believe the Senate will consent to, and will
avoid the appearance of breaking unanimous
consent. I move that it be the understanding
that the Senator from Michigan and the Sen-
ator from Vermont, who are both opposed to
this measure, have an hour to speak.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
desire to occupy so much time as that; but I
should like more than five minutes, because I
do not wish to have what I have to say given
in broken doses uponjp?'o forma amendments.
I do not desire to consume any unnecessary
time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wosld be very glad if
these two Senators, who wish to explain their
objections to this measure, should be allowed
to take an hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no sort of objec-
tion to that.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Illi-
nois speaks of the Secretary of the Treasury
who, it is known, has been opposing this meas-
ure. He refers, I suppose, to the present in-
cumbent of that office. I beg to remind the
Senator from Michigan that, as the records of
the Committee on Commerce show, the late
Secretary of the Treasury, a western man,
who lived at Fort Wayne, Indiana, not only
disapproved it as much as the present Secre-
tary, but he furnished or caused his subordin-
ates to furnish elaborate and particular state-
ments which satisfied the committee, beyond
any reasons which have been assigned here,
t-hat this proposition was entirely inadmissi-
ble. The chairman of the committee, I think,
remembers the fact I state.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is true.
Mr. CONKLING. It is not peculiar to the
present Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. In reply to that, I will
inform the Senator from New York that the
Committee on Finance had charge of a bill on
this subject when Mr. McCulloch was Secre-
tary of the Treasury. The bill was submitted
to him, and he suggested modifications that are
contained in this measure, and this proposition
as it stands is the Treasury Department bill;
and with these modifieationsMr. McCulloch was
willing to see the bill passed; but he objected
to the bill that passed the House at thar, time.
Mr. CONKLING. I will say to the Senator
that I have still in my possession memoranda
and data, sent to me by the Treasury Depart-
ment, with the signatures of the heads of bu-
reaus from which they came attached, furnish-
ing me statistics and illustrations to show that
this measure, in any form, would be so open
to fraud and abuse that it would be wholly un-
warrantable to try the experiment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only speak of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. I have no- doubt the
clerks here who have been accustomed to pro-
tect the interests of New York importers are
opposed to the bill. I believe the paperreferred
to by the Senator from New York is not signed.
I should like to have that paper read.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will have it.read.
Mr. SHERMAN. Except that it would
violate the agreement I should like to have it
read. It is not signed by any one.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is inclosed to me,
and I have the Secretary's letter which accom-
panied it,, wherein he adopts it as his own.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know about that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I liaveitnowin-myhand.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make one sug-
gestion. There are, as I understand, but three
questions now likely to be considered oil this
bill. One is the question to which reference
has been made on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Missouri. Another is the
sugar question.
Mr. SUMNER. And another the income
tax.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, and another the
income tax.
Mr. SUMNER. And another the tax on
gross receipts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And another the tax on
successions.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not know that there
were so many points. What I wished to suggest
was that we take the vote at four o'clock. Can
we not agree to take the vote at that time?
Let us agree to take the vote on this bill at four
o'clock. Everybody has heard all he wants to
hear.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not wish to interfere
with any reasonable proposition for facilitating
the progress of this measure, but I submit that
this new scheme of internal warehouses, or, as I
may call it,, a peripatetic system of warehouses,
is too important to be passed upon under the
five-minutes rule of debate. There is a com-
munication here in the hands of the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury on this subject, which
would occupy in its reading by the Clerk per-
haps some fifteen or twenty minutes. If this
measure goes on I shall ask that the unanimous
consent given by the Senate heretofore that
debate should not occupy more than five min-
utes on any one amendment be suspended for
the purpose of having information from the
proper source^ some one who can speak ex
cathedra on this subject before the Senate.
The whole system is one which, if it is to be
adopted, should be adopted with great care. I
should be very glad if a properly guarded sys-
tem could be inaugurated for the purpose of
giving every convenience to the citizens of the
interior States. But the opportunities for fraud
and the necessary expenses accompanying the
inauguration of a new internal system of ware-
houses are so serious that to adopt it under a
rule of debate that shall exclude the voice of
that officer of the Government most competent
from his official position and knowledge to
speak on the subject would be, to my mind,
highly improper. Therefore, if this debate is
to go on, I make the motion that, for the pur-
pose of having time for the views of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury on this important subject
to be heard by the Senate, the five-minutes
rule be suspended until that communication
shall be read by the Clerk.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of a paper is not debate, unless a Senator
reads it from his seat. The reading of a paper
is in the power of the Senator; if the reading
be objected to the question must be put to the
Senate and decided by vote.
Mr. BAYARD. If that is understood I sup-
pose it will answer the purpose of thoge who
wish to have the question fully discussed.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. If a paper
is offered it will be read.
