1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5207
Mr. SHERMAN. If that paper is read the
five-minutes rale is understood to still apply.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; I do not so
understand.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I wish to
know whether there is consent of the Senate
that I shall occupy a longer time than five
minutes on this subject. It was proposed by
the Senator from Ohio that I should have a
longer time. I do not desire to consume a
moment unnecessarily, and I shall be very
brief in what I have to say.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Michigan ask to have the paper
read?
Mr. CHANDLER. I will have it read in
connection with my remarks; but I ask that
the Senator from Vermont be listened to upon
this subject, as he has a few remarks to make
that will occupy more than five minutes. I
shall occupy no time at all for delay. I shall
make my remarks as brief as possible, and
perhaps I may get through inside of thirty
minutes. The Senator from Vermont will,
perhaps, occupy twenty-five minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has already observed that the reading of the
paper is not debate, unless it be read by a Sen-
ator as part of his speech. It can be read at
the desk without interfering with the five-min-
utcs rule.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Do I under-
stand that 1 shall be permitted to occupy more
than five minutes?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope so.
Mr. WILSON. I move that we give the Sen-
ator from Verinont and the Senator from Michi-
gan together an hour to discuss the question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I shall not
ivaut half that time.
Mr. WILSON. Let both Senators have an
hour between them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Is that the
understanding of the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itis-moved
that the Senator from Michigan and the Sen-
atorfrom Vermont have an hour for discussion
without interfering otherwise with the five-
minutes rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let that be stated dis
tinctly, so that we may all understand it.
The PRESIDENT pro temp>ore. The mo-
tion is that an hour shall be conceded to the
Senator from Michigan and the Senator from
Vermont for the discussion of this amendment,
and that this shall not otherwise interfere with
the five-minutes rule heretofore adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. And that time will include
the reading of the paper.
Mr. BAYARD. It was expressly stated
that the reading of the paper should not come
out, of the time occupied.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood that the
Senatorfrom Michigan wished to lead itas part
of his speech.
The PRESIDENT .pro tempore. The motion
can be put either way, to include or exclude
the reading of the paper. 'The reading of a
paper at the desk is not debate, in the opinion
of the Chair.
Mr. BAYAKI). I cannot foibear here to
lemark that at the time this general assent was
given to this proposition it was distinctly un-
derstood that if any gentleman should desire
longer time in discussion there would be no
objection. I lemember perfectly those re-
maiks failing from the honorable Senatorfrom
Ohio at the time he made the proposition to
limit debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is that an hour be conceded to the Senator
from Vermont and the Senatorfrom Michigan,
including the reading of apaper from the Sec-
relary of the Treasury, but that this shall not
otherwise interfere with the five-minute rule
for debate on this bill. The Chair will put
the question on the motion in that shape.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr.^ MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, it is rather singular that a measure of
this kind, which has certainly been reported
against by two Secretaries of the Treasury
most emphatically, and which has been re-
ported against by the Committee on Commerce,
should be so persistently advocated by Sen-
ators on this floor ; and I must conceive that
they are somewhat blinded by local interests.
The Senator from Illinois knows that I have
as much respect for his opinions as for those
of any Senator on this floor; but I must re-
mark that it is a peculiarity of his to be the
most confident about subjects upon which—
he will pardon me for saying—it might be sup-
posed that by his profession and studies in life
lie had bestowed the least attention. I do not
believe that there is a merchant in this body
who is in favor of the measure now pending.
It is stated by the Senator from Missouri
that this bill is in the line of the common prac-
tice pursued in Europe. I submit that the
Senator from Missouri is mistaken. While
GrreatBritain had any considerable number of
articles upon which she levied duties at all
she had duties that were different lor the Isle
of Man, for Ireland, for Scotland, and for
England, and necessarily the duties must be
collected at the port of entry. The goods
were, indeed, permitted to be examined and
inspected, and then shipped, bonds of double
the amount being given, from London to Liv-
erpool and to a few other ports; but the duties
were iu the first instance ascertained beyond
dispute, and, lest there might be some fraud
in the ease, they were always computed at the
highest rate ; for instance, if they were sugars,
they were computed at the rate for the high-
est class of sugars, and bonds given for that
amount; and so in every other case.
1 have no doubt that that practice prevails
in Germany to some extent; but the goods are
so far inspected as to ascertain what the pack-
ages contain, for there are no Governments on
earth that are more particular than the Gov-
ernments on the Continent about the introduc-
tion of foreign goods. You cannot cross any
frontier without having your trunk inspected;
or at least you must confront a custom-house
officer, and besides that, the duties are there
very low, and they are necessarily made low
in order to avoid the great facilities they have
for smuggling on frontiers with no natural
boundaries.
It is said that we have similar provisions of
our law in relation to the transportation of
goods from Portland and other ciiies to the
Canada line, and also to Mexico. Do not Sen-
ators know that the provision in relation to the
transportation of goods to Mexico has proved
so great a source of fraud that the law author-
izing it was repealed at this very session, and
almost unanimously? Gentlemen will find that
the retrenchment committees which have in-
vestigated the subject will tell you that across
the Isthmus of Panama to California it is almost
impossible by locks and seals and all the con-
trivances which the Customs Bureau here can
get up at the Treasury Department to prevent
very great frauds from accruing, and they do
not want to watch the whole country as they
must these isolated spots. The Commissioner
of Customs told me within a fortnight that the
transportation of goods from Portland to Can-
ada, only three or four or five hours' travel
by railroad, caused him about as much trouble
as all the rest of the country to prevent Iraud ;
and Senators will bear in mind that is not a
transportation of our goods, but it is merely to
get goods that belong to foreign parties from
one port to another oil which we do not desire
to collect any duties.
This question intrudes itself as one of the
evils of the practice of the Senate of incorpor-
ating all sorts of bills upon all sorts of bills ;
and 1 think that it is quite time we should have
a rule similar to that of the House of Rep-
resentatives, which would exclude all amend-
ments that were not germane to the bill pend-
ing ; and also another rule to lay on the table
any amendment that may be proposed without
laying the bill itself on the table.
Mr. President, there are various provisions
of this measure open to criticism, but I shall
only refer to a few of them. The honorable
Senatorfrom Ohio, whohas a pardonable inter-
est in making Cincinnati one of these favored
and pet ports, seems to he very much in favor
of it, because it has undergone the supervision
of various parties; but by examining- it he
will see that it still needs some further super-
vision. For instance, in the first section what
are you to do with grain, salt, coal, and other
articles that may be sent, in bulk ? How are
you to keep track of the articles to know that
they are the identical articles which were
shipped? In the former bill it was, I think,
unanimously agreed on my motion to exclude
all articles in bulk. Those articles are not
excluded in this proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think they are.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir ; they
are not. There is another ease. Suppose these
articles oil board of a railroad train should
meet with a smash-up, who is to know anything
about it or to gather up the fragments, and levy
duties? Who is to have control under such
circumstances? Are we to send an officer in
every case and supposing we did, what secur-
ity are we to have that that officer himself will
not be smashed with the goods? Who is to
take charge of these articles in their transit?
And if any one takes charge, who is to pay the
expense?
Then, again, these goods are to be given to
steamship, railroad, and other transportation
companies, which shall give bonds in the man-
ner prescribed by this bill for the transportation
of foreign merchandise in bond, and the col-
lector is to deliver those goods on the demand
of any such company. Now, suppose there
are two or three or more companies, some by
water and some by land, that have given bonds
for the transportation of these goods. The
owner of the goods of course wants to have
them go by the cheapest route; but under this
bill any company that has given bonds is au-
thorized to demand the goods. Is that right?
Ought not the owner to have the privilege of
selecting his own route if he can get a cheaper
rate of freight by his own loute than by another?
Ought it not to be under his control as to what
route his goods may be sent by? One may
be a quicker or a safer route than the other.
Clearly he should have the option.
Then, Mr. President, there is another and
to me an insuperable difficulty. Take certain
descriptions of goods, and it requires an expert
in order that they may be properly appraised
and in order to see that no fraud is practiced
upon the Government. Now, it is one of the
most difficult things we have to contend with iu
ourbroad country to get the same appraisement
upon articles imported at one port and at an-
other. For instance, it is frequently found that
goods will be entered at a lower value, say at
New York, than they can be at Boston, or that
they can be entered lower at New Orleans than
they can be at New iTork. Now, m order that
the duties levied upon the same articles shall
be uniform, it is necessary to have intelligent
appraisers, aud also to have general appraisers
to go through and review the doings of these
subordinates at all the different parts. Here
we propose to multiply the places where duties
can be paid; we send them to any city of one
hundred and fifty thousand inhabitants, or less,
where, perhaps, there may not be over two,
three, or four importers, and perhaps not more
than one of a single class of goods, and that
one importer the only expert living there whom
it would be actually proper to call in as an
appraiser. It is utterly impossible that we should
have a proper appraisement in these interior
cities, u. here only a few persons are engaged
in the importation business.
