1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4263
are in order from the Committee of Ways and
Means.
tarif3? on coal.
Mr. WARD. As the Committee of Ways
and Means is called, I wish to inquire what the
committee has done in reference to the reso-
lution passed by the House instructing the com-
mittee to report a bill abolishing the tariff on
coal. . '
Mr. INQERSOLL. Although I see no mem-
ber of the committee present, I can answer the
question of thegentlemanfromNew York, [Mr.
Ward.] The committee, as I am informed,
have agreed on a bill carrying out the instruc-
tions of the House and are ready to report it.
I have heard the bill read.
The SPEAKER. Reportsarein orderfrom
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. In conse-
quence of the storm now prevailing I could
not hear the inquiry of my colleague, [Mr.
Waed,] which I understood had reference to
the business of the Committee of Ways and
Means, of which I am a member.
Mr. INQERSOLL. The storm makes so
much noise that it is impossible for members to
understand the proceedings. I move that the
House take a recess for ten minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
The recess having expired, the House re-
sumed its session.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour will
be considered as now beginning. Reports are
in order from the Committee of Ways and
Means. If there be no reports from thatcom-
mittee 
Mr. WARD. I desire to renew my inquiry,
because I now see present the acting chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper.]
it will be remembered that on last Monday the
House adopted a resolution which I had the
honor to submit, instructing the Committee of
Ways and Means to report at the earliest prac-
ticable moment a bill abolishing the tariff on
coal. I suppose the bill will necessarily be a
very brief one. The subject is one which can-
not be expected to occupy a great deal of time
at the hands of the committee. While I do
not desire to hurry the matter or press the
committee unnecessarily, it seems to me that
at this late period of the session I am justified
in inquiring of the acting chairman of the
committee what action the committee have
taken in pursuance of that resolution.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, if the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Waed] had been
simply what he states, to admit imported coal
free of duty, the committee would have had no
difficulty in reporting a bill immediately. When
the subject came up in the committee, who gave
immediate attention to the subject, it was found
that the resolution covered rather more ground
than was at first supposed. I hold in my hand
a copy of the resolution. It instructs the com-
mittee to report '"a bill abolishing the tarilf on
coal and to secure that important article ot
fuel to the people free from all taxation.
This latter part of the^ resolution, as some
members of the committee supposed, went
rather further than simply to require the re-
porting of a bill admitting imported coal tree
of duty. One member at least of the commit-
tee was of opinion that the committee were
required under the resolution to frame a bin
takin" off all direct and indirect tares of every
kind affecting coal, either of foreign or domes-
tic production, so as, according to the terms
of the resolution, "to secure that important
article of fuel to the people free from all tax-
ation." The committee desired, if possiole, to
reach a harmonious conclusion in reference to
the bill to be reported, and for^ that reason
postponed its further consideration until the
return of the chairman of the committee from
the duty to which he has been assigned by the
Speaker of this House.
Mr. WARD. The resolution is perhaps
somewhat crude in its language; but it seems
to me it is sufficiently explicit.
Mr. CESSNA. I rise to a point of order.
It is that under the call of committees nothing
but reports are in order, and that this debate
is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must sustain
the point of order. If the Committee of Ways
and Means has no report to present the next
committee will be called.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. I
think it is the duty of the House to compel the
committee to make a report according to the
terras of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done under
the call of committees.
Mr. COX. This committee is practically in
contempt of the House.
Mr. CESSNA. I rise to a point of order,
that the gentleman from New York is not in
order. This is not the time to compel the com-
mittee to report.
The SPEAKER. If the Committee of Ways
and Means have amy reports to make they will
present them.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. In order to
avoid any attachment for contempt on the part
of the House, and so far as I am concerned
as a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, in order to show my deference to the
order of the House, I rise to say that so far as
it is in my power—and I think I might speak
for others of my colleagues—I would gladly
obey the order of the House if I were permitted
to obey it.
Mr. CESSNA. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my personal remarks
so far as my colleague is concerned.
The SPEAKER. If the Committee of Ways
and Means have no report to make, the next
committee must be called.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts, the acting chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, was on
his feet to make so%e report when stopped by
a point of order on the part of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. WARD. Let us have the regular order.
Mr. COX. It may take the form of a par-
liamentary inquiry, which will be better. What
power has the House to enforce its order upon
a committee? I should like the Speaker to
tell us whether there is any power to enforce
upon a committee an order of the House?
Tlie SPE AKE R. The gentleman from New
York rises to a parliamentary iuquiry as to
what course is proper to be pursued when a
committee refuses to obey au order of the
House. The Committee of Ways and Means,
on all tax bills, have the power to report at any
time. Of course, if tlie committee should re-
fuse absolutely to obey the order of the House,
it will be for the House to say what course shall
be taken. It is within the discretion of the
committee to take a reasonable time within
which to make up and submit its report, under
the order of the House.
Mr. COX. Can 1 offer a resolution on the
subject? .
The SPEAKER. Not now. It will be m
order Monday next, after the morning hour.
Mr. COX. Is it not a question of privilege?
■ The SPEAKER. The gentleman could
hardly make it a question of privilege.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If the
House will allow me, I will state what has taken
place in the committee on this subject.
Mr. EARNSWORTH. I object. He can
do that afterward.
Mr. CESSNA. I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. CULLOM. If the Committee of Ways
and Means does not report according to the
instructions of the House is it not a question
of privilege to compel it to report ?
Mr. RANDALL. Or to discharge it from
the further consideration of the subject.
The SPEAKER. The order of the House
was that the Committee of Ways and Means
should report atthe earliest practicable period.
Of course, within reasonable limits, it must be
left to the discretion of the committee as to
what is '' the earliest practicable pejriod.'' If
the House should become satisfied that the com;
mittee is acting in deliberate contempt of the
order of the House, it will then be for the
House to say what it will do. There being do
reports from the Committee of Ways and
Means, the call will proceed.
unlawful certification (  checks.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, reported
back House bill No. 2105, to punish the unlaw-
ful certification of checks by officers of national
banks, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
The bill provides that any officer, clerk, or
agent of any national banking association who
shall violate the provisions of an act entitled,
11 An act in reference to certifying checks by
national banks," approved March 3, 1869,
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor^ and
shall, on conviction thereof, in any circuit or
district 'court of the United States, be fined
not more than $5,000, or shall be imprisoned
not more than five years, or both, in the dis-
cretion of the court; provided that nothing in
the act contained shall relieve any banking asso-
ciation from any of the penalties prescribed in
the act to which this act refers.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to make
a brief statement with reference to this bill. On
the 3d of March, 18C9, the last day of the last
Congress, a bill was reported and passed plac-
ing certain disabilities upon any banks that
should certify the checks of other national
banks, unless based on money actually on
deposit to cover the amount certified. That
act, however, prescribes no penalty for the
officers and agents of a bank who may violate
its provisions. The result is that this law is
practically a dead letter. It was shown by the
testimony taken by the Committee on Banking
and Currency in regard to the gold panic that
one bank in New York city, during the two
davs of panic in September last, certified checks
to the amount of $34,000,000, and that a large
portion of this vast amount was used by the
gold operators, gamblers of Wall street. This
bank virtually issued and put into circulation,
as currency, $3-1,000,000 of certified checks,
a large portion of which were mere sham cred-
its, with not a dollar of deposit behind them.
It was a clear violation of the law; but the
officers who made the certification could not
be punished, because there was no penalty
provided in the statute for such violation.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York.. I should like
to ask the gentleman one question. Why did
not the bank examiners report to the Secretary
of the Treasury the fact the gentleman has just
stated, or, if they made that report, why did
not the Secretary stop that bank?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The facts were
brought out in the report of the committee on
the gold panic—not before. 1 desire also to say
that the Secretary was powerless to take meas-
ures against the persons who performed the
work. He could only act on the bank. In
my judgment, that ought to have been done.
Since that time, however, the bank to which
I refer has been entirely reorganized and has
passed into other hands ; and it would be un-
just to proceed against the new organization for
any violations of the law committed by the old
one. In this bill we simply propose to provide
means to enforce the presentlaw. It provides
that any officer or agent of a bank who shall
certify any check when there is not an actual
deposit equal to the amount which the check
covers shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and
on conviction thereof, before a court of proper
jurisdiction, shall be punished by imprison-
ment or fine, one or both, in the discretion ot
the court. 1 yield to my colleague on the com-
