1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2375
register without the payment of any duties.
Having said so much, I submit the matter
for the decision of the House without further
argument. The bill is only important as set-
tling a principle in regard to protection to
ship-building in the United States. I nowyield
three minutes to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 believe fiom all that I
can hear about this bill 
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman permit
mo to make a statement of the facts in this
case ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have no power to do
it. The gentleman from Michigan has only
yielded me three minutes. From all I can learn
about the bill, I believe it has not the assent
of the Committee on Commerce in the shape
in which it has passed the House. I am very
sure that many members of the committee have
informed me from time to time that they have
established a rule which would exclude a bill
like this. I have a bill of a similar kind pend-
ing before the committee proposing to grant
an American register to a British-built vessel
upon the lakes. The people of my district,
who have often asked thjs favor, wonder why
it cannot be obtained when other bills of the
same character are occasion ally slipped through
the House.
Now, I do not say whether we should or
should not pass bills of this kind. All I ask
is that there shall be a uniform rule on the
subject. I do not want that some single pur-
chaser of a British-built vessel shall come here
and get a bill through granting it an American
register while the same privilege is denied to
all other citizens of the United States. I want
the people along the lakes to have the privi-
lege of buying Cauadian vessels if the people
along the sea board have the same privilege.
This bill proposes to giv® an American regis-
ter to a British-built vessel owned by one
party. It is not fair to do it for one unless
you do it for all. When I have asked mem-
bers of the committee what was the chance of
my bill being reported they have informed me
that the committee would report no bill of that
kind, that they had agreed upon one bill where
the vesselhad been nearly destroyed and where
the repairs were equal to perhaps one half of
its value, but that they would allow no persons
t.o go into Canada or any other place and buy
foreign-built vessels and then give them Amer-
ican registers. Here is a case where they make
an exception to that rule. I understand the
committee never did design to make such an
exception. They either did not understand it,
or the bill in some way has been changed. I do
not know who is to blame for that; but if this
bill is to pass, then why not pass all bills of
the kind, or at least give us a general bill upon
the subject? I hope the vote by which the
bill was passed will be reconsidered, and that
the bill will then be recommitted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not understand upon
what authority the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scofieid] makes the statement he
lias just submitted to the House. If he means
<o say that this bill was not authorized to be
reported by the Committee on Commerce, then
let him say so in so many words, and not inti-
mate it by insinuations.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I mean what I said and
no more. I understand from members of the
committee that they supposed the bill contained
a clause requiring a duty of twenty per cent.
io be paid to the Government. 1 mean no
reflection upon the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. IIouiak] or any one else. Probably it
was the result of accident.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would rather have heard
that statement from some gentleman who un-
derstood this question, from some member of
the committee. It is very remarkable that a
gentleman who knows nothing about the sub-
ject, who does not know a single fact about it,
who scarcely knows the name of the vessel
referred to in the bill, should be so well in-
formed upon the matter, when not a single
member tff the committee on this floor rises to
sustain him in the statement he has made, that
it was understood by the committee that a duty
of twenty per cent, was attached as a condition
upon which this vessel should have an Amer-
ican register. On the contrary, my friend from
Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] who is very vigilant
upon such questions as this, and generally upon
all subjects of legislation, asked me to yield to
him so that he might move an amendment to
attach a twenty per cent, clause to this bill.
Now, let. us see how a very brief statement,
will put to flight all this misundeistanding.
Bills of this class have been passed by Con-
gress ever since the organization of this Gov-
ernment, with perhaps not a single session of
Congress excepted. This is a little vessel of
loss than a hundred tons, a schooner designed
for fishing in the northern waters and which
was found in a completely wrecked condition.
I now state facts which are apparent from the
statement of the collector at Portland, Maine.
This vessel was found wrecked, and purchased
in'that condition by a citizen of the State of
Maine, who supposed when he purchased it
that it would require to repair it an expendi-
ture equal to three fourths of its value when so
repaired, in which case it would, when so re-
paired, be entitled to an American register
under a general law. But it was found, upon
examination, that the injuries to the vessel were
not so great as had been supposed.
The gentleman who purchased this vessel,
as is certified by the collector at Portland,
Maine, acted in perfect good faith, and sup-
posed that the wreck was more complete than
it afterwards proved to be, and that the vessel
■upon being repaired would come within the
provisions of the general lawtjf Congress; but
when the vessel was repaired it was found that
the repairs amounted to only about one half
the value of the vessel as repaired. This fact
is certified to the Secretary of the Treasury by
the collector of Portland, Maine, and the ap-
plication is made upon the true ground; first,
that the purchase of the vessel was made in
good faith; and second, that it was believed
the wreck was so complete that it would re-
quire repairs to the amount of three quarters
of the value of the vessel when repaired.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in a letter
which I submitted to the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Conger] in the presence of the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lyjrcn]—but the
letter is now mislaid—says that upon an exam-
ination of this statement of the collector in
regard to the character of the man who made
this purchase, and that the purchase was made
in good faith, and in view of the fact that the
collector recommended that the registry should
be granted, he sees no reason why the recom-
mendation should not be carried into effect—
I believe I state the language of the letter cor-
rectly—carried into effect by an act of Congress,
not by the Treasury Department.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me a word?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to say that my
opinion 
Mr. CONGER. I would inquire who has
the floor now?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I only want to say a word
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Rolman.J
The information I received from members ot
the committee was, as it now seems from the
statement of the gentleman from Indiana, not
applicable to this vessel upon which these large
repairs havo been made. 1 did not intend to
make any opposition in regard to this vesse..
I was under the impression that the bill related
to another vessel upon which large repairs had
not been made. Whether there are in this case
such equities as should take, this vessel out of
the general rule is another question entirely,
and one upon which I do not wish to say any-
thing.
Mr. HOLMAN. In a former bill of tms class
which was reported by the committee and
passed by the House the repairs exceeded
three fourths, the vessel having-been found a
wreck outside of our waters. The vessel to
which this bill relates was found a complete
wreck; it was supposed, in good faith, that the
lepairs would exceed the three fourths, and on
that understanding she*was purchased by the
citizens of,Portland, Maine,
Now, Mr. Speaker/ let roe say, partly by
way of apology, that when reporting this bill
this morning I supposed the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Lynch,] representing the district
where this vessel is owned and has been owned
for over a year, where she is lying in port
rotting, and where she is now required for ser-
vice in the fisheries if she is to be employed at
(ill during the present season, was in his seat.
When I discovered that he was not I was com-
pelled to object to my colleague on the com-
mittee [Mr. Conger] proceeding to discuss the
bill, because the gentleman from Maine was
not present to answer him; and I did not care
to occupy the time of the House in going into
the details of this matter. I give this as ex-
plaining why I declined to yield to the gentle-
man from Michigan at the time he desired to
be heard. Happily he obtained control of the
floor without my consent. I now move that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. CONGER. I yielded the floor to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Sco-
field,] and by my courtesy the gentleman
from Indiana has been speaking. 1 submit
that he has not the floor to make the motion
to lay on the table the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Congee] originally obtained the
floor by the courtesy of the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. CONGER. Very well; U was yielded
to me, and I still have control of it.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Mich-
igan will have the £oor if the House should
refuse to lay on the tabic the motion to rocou
sider.
Mr. CONGER. I have not yielded the floor
for the making of the motion to lay on thi>
table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan did not object to the gentleman from In
diana occupying the floor. The Chair will stale
the position of the question. _ The gentleman
from Indiana reported the bill, and on a vote
by tellers it was declared passed. The gen-
tleman was proceeding to make another report,
nothaving submitted the usual motion to recon-
sider and lay on the table. J he gentleman
from Michigan rose to make a personal explan-
ation ; and for that purpose the gentleman from
Indiana, who was about to report another biVi,
yielded to him. Having obtained the floor on
this courtesy, the gentleman from Michigan
availed himself of it to make the motion to
reconsider. The gentleman from Indiana made
the point of order that the gentleman from
Micliiganhadno rightunderthe circumstanccs
to make that motion. The Chair ruled that
there was no question of order involved; that
it was a mere question of personal propriety or
courtesy between two gentlemen. The gentle-
man from Michigan then yielded the floor to
other members, andamong others thegentleman
from Indiana found himself again on the floor.
He certainly had as much right to move to lay
on the table the motion to reconsider as the
gentleman from Michigan bad to make tlio
motion to reconsider. The Chair feels bound
1o put the question on the motion of the geu-
| tleman from Indiana. ^
On the question there were—ayes to, noes
°d"Mr. KELSBY. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was dec ded
in the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 50, not voting
88 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Allison, Amas, Archer,
I Asperf AtTOOtl, Banks, .Beatty, -Beck, l>oi.jamm.
