1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1431
house of representatives.
Saturday, Febmary 19, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
hv the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
fort collins reservation.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, reported
back, with the recommendation that it do pass,
the bill (H. 11. No 385) declaring the lands
constituting the Fort Collins military reserva-
tion, in the Territory of Colorado, subject to
preemption and homestead entry, as provided
for in existing laws.
The bill was read. It provides that the lands
constituting the Fort Collins military reserva-
tion, in the Territory of Colorado, so far as the
same have not been lawfully disposed of since
their reservation, shall be restored to the Uni-
ted States aud made subject to preemption and
homestead entry, as now provided for by law.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to recousider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
stay of execution.
Mr. McCRARY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1265) to provide
for a stay of execution in certain cases; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
order of business.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMassachusetts. Iwant
to ask the House to give us a morning hour
to-day. Many of the committees have business
of importance to bring before the House and
they can only report during the morning hour.
I hope my colleague, the chairman of the Com-
mittee ou Appropriations, will let us have a
morning hour to-day. It simply becomes a
question whether these committees, who are
wholly dependent upon the morning hour for
the opportunity to bring their bills before the
House, shall be permitted to report or not. If
we can have from day to day the morning hour
there will be some prospect that the various
committees will be able to report at some day;
but the committees are all loaded down with
business, and we can make no reports except
during the morning hour. I hope the House
will insist that we shall have the morning hour.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that before long we
shall have such a change in the rules that we
may have two hours instead of one for the busi-
ness of the morning hour. Such an arrange-
ment seems to be absolutely necessary. But
this morning I would like very much—and I
hope my colleague will indulge me—to have
the House proceed as far as possible with the
appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. i
suppose, Mr. Speaker, the regular order is the
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The regular order on Fri-
day and Saturday is the call of committees for
reports of a private nature ; but of course it
is always in order to move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of going into the Committee
of the Whole upon the regular appropriation
bills. That is the pending motion.
Mr. DAWES. Before the question is put
on that motion I desire to move that all debate
be closed upon the remainder of the bill down
to line five hundred and seventy five, the begin-
ning of the appropriations in relation to Uni-
ted States mints, &c. I do not know of anything
before that point that any gentleman would
care to debate.
. Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There
's one item which I think might well be de-
bated somewhat—a single item amounting to
$8,100,000. I should think it might be worth
while to consider and discuss that item.
Mr. DAWES. What item is that? The
paragraph in relation to revenue agents, &c.?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
and that is only a portion, a small portion,
of the appropriations for internal revenue
expenses.
Mr. DAWES. Of course I do not want to
preclude any proper debate upon any important
provision of the bill. If any considerable por-
, tion of the House should indicate now in
advance its desire to discuss any particular part
, of the bill I will not cover it by this motion.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I think that with
the exception of the paragraph mentioned by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
, ler, J and one other, we might as well adopt
| the proposition of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and close debate on
j the bill. It is pretty evident, from the discus-
sion we have had, that nobody here expects
now to make any increase in salaries. The
I Committee on Appropriations have been sus-
tained on all the leading points of the bill;
and I think we might as well close debate,
except on the two paragraphs to which I have
referred. I trust, however, that we shall have
the morning hour.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I call for the regular
I order.
j The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
i proposition of the gentleman from Massachu-
i setts [Mr. Dawes] to close debate?
j Mr. ARNELL. I object.
j The SPEAKER. The rule is very specific
I on this point, and the Chair 
j Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman from
j Tennessee [Mr. Arnell] object to closing
j debate on any part of the bill ?
j Mr. ARNELL. I object to closing debate
i on the whole bill.
j The SPEAKER. That is not the propo-
sition. The motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts is to close debate on the remain-
der of the bill down to line five hundred and
seventy-five.
Mr. ARNELL. I do not object to that.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to clos-
ing debate on the bill down to line five hundred
and seventy-five? The Chair hears none, and
it is ordered that all debate in Committee of
the Whole be closed on the bill down to the
point indicated. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts moves that the rules be suspended
and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole upon the general appro-
priation bill.
Mr. MYERS. Before the question is put on
that motion I desire to say to my friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
that it is desirable the House should receive
this morning the report of the conference com-
mitee on the naval deficiency bill. We hope
to be able to agree on a report this morning; and
whether we agree or disagree the result of the
conference should be reported to-day. If the
House goes into Committee of the Whole will
the gentleman from Massachusetts be willing to
move that the committee rise in order to receive
the report of the conference committee?
Mr. DAWES. When the committee shall
agree, as I hope they will in the course of the
day, 1 will move that the committee rise, in
order that the report may be received and
considered.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] yield to me for a
moment?
The SPEAKER. That can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. PAINE. I think we ought to have a
morning hour to-day. I know that for several
days the morning hour has been consumed in
debate. But as a general rule it has been true
that daring morning hours a larger number of
bills have been enacted than during all the
rest of the day's session, and that would prob-
ably be true hereafter, when the measures now-
pending shall have been disposed of. And
while it will occasion no serious loss of time
to the gentleman who has charge of the appro-
priation bills, the benefit resulting to the busi-
ness of the country from insisting pertina-
ciously upon the morning hour each day will
be very great. I hope that the gentleman wiil
consent to a morning hour to-day.
Mr. DAWES. I will submit the question
entirely to the House. Members understand
the necessity of passing this legislative appro-
priation bill as well as the necessity of having
a morning hour, and the necessity for consid
ering the matter that my colleague [Mr. But-
ler] has in charge. I want very much to put
this bill through this House; I do not want to
crowd out any important business. I will leave
it to the House to determine whether we shall
go into Committee of the Whole on the legis-
lative appropriation bill.
Mr. BURR. Let me make a suggestion to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
in relation to the business of his committee,
i If he will withdraw his motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole and allow us to have a
morning hour to-day, I will vote for a night ses-
sion any evening or all the evenings next week
if it shall be deemed necessary for his bill,
i Mr. DAWES. i will not take any more time
about it, but will leave it to the House to
decide the matter.
The question was then taken upon the motion
, of Mr. Dawes, that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole; and upon a divis-
, ion there were—ayes 58, noes 50.
So the motion was agreed to.
j legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Cessna in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. 11. No. 974) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1871.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate is closed on this bill down to the
clauses relating to appropriations for the Uni-
ted States Mint, branches, and assay offices.
The Clerk read as follows:
For salaries and expenses of collectors, assessors,
assistant assessors, revenue agents, inspectors, and
superintendents of exports and drawbacks, together
with the expense of carrying into effect the various
provisions of the several acts providing internal
revenue, excepting items otherwise estimated for,
and for detecting and bringing to trial and punish-
ment persons guilty of violating the internal reve-
nue laws, or conniving at the same, in eases where
such expenses are not otherwise provided for bylaw,
$8,100,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the para-
graph just read, by striking out the words "rev-
enue agents, inspectors, and superintendents
of exports and drawbacks," and inserting in
lieu thereof the words "supervisors, detectives,
and storekeepers." #
Mr. BIRD. i would inquire of the learned
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations, if storekeepers are not now provided for
by law, and if they are not paid according to
law?
Mr. DAWES. Although debate is not in
order now, i will say that i have moved this
amendment at the request of the Treasury
Department.
Mr. LAWRENCE. There is no such officer
as detective authorized by law.
Mr. DAWES. If it is a mistake I am not
responsible for it.
Mr. LAWRENCE. i would inquire whether
the effect of this amendment would not be to
authorize the Treasury Department to employ
detectives?
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. PAINE. My point of order is that
debate is not now in order.
