120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
form now reposes with the drapery of the grave
around it.
Mr. President, there are events connected
with the Senate which the solemnities of the
occasion seem to impress upon me with pecu-
liar force, and to which I may appropriately
refer. I run my eye over the Senate Chamber
to-day, and of all the men which constituted
the body upon my entrance into ,it as a mem-
ber but a single one—but a single one now
remains with me. That one is my honored
friend, the Senator from Pennsylvania who sits
nearest to me, [Mr. Cameron;] and it is no
slight compensation for the annoyance incident
to public life to know that intimate and most
friendly relations which were then formed in
all changes and antagonisms of public life
have never for one moment been disturbed.
Could we have been transferred from that time
to the present, from the Senate as it then was
to the Senate as it now is, how startling would
be the change! We would find ourselves in
association with those who would be strangers
to us. It teaches a moral that all may heed.
Daring the period of time referred to the
Senate has certainly been graced by many of
the most eminent and distinguished American
Senators. Clay withhisclarion voice and fervid
eloquence; Calhoun with his captivating man-
ner and subtle metaphysics; Webster with his
words of masterly power; Benton with his com-
prehensive knowledge of the legislation of the
country and an indomitable will; Douglas with
an earnestness and courage to meet and if pos-
sible to overcome all obstacles in his way; and
Collamer with his plausibility to persuade and
his learning and his logic to convince; and
Cass and Clayton, are certainly some of the
Senators whose names stand highest upon the
roltof senatorial fame. Their names and others
that might be designated will be remembered
while tho_ Republic or its history shall exist;
and to this list is now to be added the name
«f Fessendejt, my late colleague. There it
will remain imperishable as one of the great
American Senators.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolutions submitted by the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Morrill.]
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, as a further
mark of respect to the memory of the deceased
I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 14, 18G9.
The House met at twelve o'clock in. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butleii.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
abolition or internal revenue offices.
Mr. GETZ, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means:
Resolved, That for the purpose of effecting areduc-
i expenditures and saving to the
and the Government the heavy percentage
of internal taxes which is annually paid for the col-
th2 !Sme uniJCT the existing system, the
ie* • a?s *nd bo, and arc hereby,
Jn! \nt01510 expediency of abolish-
tl c911.octorf. assessors, and otheragents
employed by the internal revenue department, and
ru apportioning the amount of taxes
tiio i to be raised from domestic sources upon
the several States, m proportion to the taxable pop-
IVo « of.oa?h. to be collected by the authorities of
"n0 1 s?me "{anner that State taxes are
now collected, or by such other means as the several
f'°T°™mcnts may adopt for the purpose herein
niaieafcu, m accordance with the requirements of
the tlm-d clause of section two, article one, of the
Constitution of the United States, which provides
. hat representative and direct taxes shall be appor-
i iC i Jhe several States which may be in-
numbcrs"&■nlonaccordingtotl:ieirrcsPcetive
united states commissioners.
Mr. PROSSER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. JR. No. 575) to define and
extend the jurisdiction and duties of United
States commissioners ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
j. abecassis, of lisbon, portugal.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to furnish this House with copies of any
contracts made heretofore by the Bureau of Equip-
ment and Recruiting with J. Abecaseis, of Lisbon,
Portugal, for coal, olive oil, or other naval supplies,
together with all the information in the Department
in regard to the character of said Abecassis, and such
explanations as may have been made by the officers
entering into said contracts.
reuben daily.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 576) for the relief of
Reuben Daily; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
mrs. kavenscroft.
'Mr. KERR also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 577) for the relief
of Mrs. Ravenscroft; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
matilda sdllivan.
Mr. KERR also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 578) for the relief
of Matilda Sullivan ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
muteorolouical observations.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 579) to authorize the
Secretary of War to provide for taking meteor-
ological observations at the military stations
in the interior of the continent, and for giving
notice on the northern lakes and Atlantic sea
board of the approach and force of storms;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and,
with the accompanying documents, ordered to
be printed.
republican valley iiailr0ad.
Mr. CLARKE, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 580) for a grant of
land to the Republican Valley Railroad and
Telegraph Company, and for the disposal of
said lands to actual settlers; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
1'iiiladelpiiia nayy-yard.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
moved that the bill (H.R. No. 480) for the trans-
fer of the Philadelphia navy-yard to League
Island, now pending before the Committee on
I Naval Affairs, be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
district of ciiamplain.
Mr. TANNER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a oiH (H. R. No. 581) to annex West
Haven, Benson, and Wind-Mill Point, to the
district of Champlain ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
imprisoned american citizens.
Mr. COX submitted the following resolution,
and moved that it be put upon its passage :
Resolved, m That the American people learn with
horror and indignation of thetreatmentol American
citizens now held as political prisoners under English
authority; that no language is sufficient to condemn
the usage of such prisoners, and that we urge upon
the nationa 1 Executive the imperative duty ol'imme-
ctiate intervention on their behalf in such manner
..XiiV j v a iU sucn manner
as shall tend to the prompt amelioration of their con-
ase; that the President communi-
dition or their release, mui uie jrresicientcommuni-
cate to this House suoh information as he may have
in reference to this subject.
Afr' of ^assackusetts. I object.
t Mr. bUA. -then I move that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. 6
The motion was agreed to.
mississippi navigation.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to: '
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to furnish this House, at his earliest convenience,
such information as may exist in the War 1) opart-
ment showing the progress made in the work of
improving and deepening the channels of the passes
from the Mississippi river to the Gulf of Mexico, and
also to inform the House which of said passes, if any,
it is practicable to deepen and improve, so as to
admit with facility and safety and without obstruc-
tion from sand-bars or shallow water all feccaia^liips,
vessels, and other craft that under such circumstances
would be likely to engage in commerce with the port
of New Orleans, and the probable sum of money and
length of time which will be required to accomplish
such result; and also, when such result shall have,
been obtained, the probable annual expenditure that
will be required to preserve and continue such con-
dition ; and also such further information as ho niav
consider of importance relating to the necessity and
usefulness of the work contemplated.
representation of virginia.
Mr. WARD, by unaniraousconsent, from the
Committee on Reconstruction, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 582) providing for the admission of
Virginia to representation in Congress upon
certain fundamental conditions ; which was
read a first and second time, recommitted to
the Committee on Reconstruction, and ordered
to be printed.
improvement of the des moines rapids.
Mr. McCRARY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 583) making a tempo-
rary appropriation for the prosecution of the
work for the improvement of the Des Moines
rapids, in the Mississippi river j which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
JOHN TUCKER.
Mr. CREBS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. K. No. 584) granting a pen-
sion to John Tucker, late a private in the
United States service in the Legion, an organ-
ization in the Federal Army from the State of
Kentucky ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
maritime liens.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, introducd a bill (H. R. No. 585)
to limit the liability of ship-owners concerning
maritime liens, and for other purposes ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
harbor in new york.
Mr. COWLES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 586) for an appropri-
ation for a harbor in the State of New York ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
medical staff of the navy.
Mr. SWANK, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of the faculty of the Uni-
versity of Maryland, in reference to the medical
staff of the United States Navy ; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
clothiss eor disabled soldiers.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Militia, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 58V) to provide for furnishing at
the cost of the War Department clothing to
needy and indigent honorably-discharged sol-
diers and marines charitably received in Sol-
diers' Homes in the several States and Terri-
tories ; which was read a first and second time,
recommitted to the committee, and ordered to
be printed.
claims op tub late captain perkins.
Mr. WILKINSON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following
resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of State he, and he is
t0 furnish this House, if not in-
compatible with the publicinterests, the correspond-
ence, it any, which ha? been had with the minister
emperor of the Ilussias, under the resolution
or tms iiouse passed January 7,18G3, in relation to
