3320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
I have here a list made up in this way of the
pay of all the officers of the Army. I will not
detain the Senate by reading it over, but will
state the results. The amount added by the
House bill to the expense for the pay of officers
of the Army would be, if none of them received
the ten per cent, extra, something over five
hundred thousand dollars. Supposing them
to have been in the Army over five years on
the average, they would Teceive an increase of
over seven hundred thousand dollars; and when
all of them should have served twenty years
the increase in the compensation of the officers
of the Army would be $1,154,000.
The pay of the General of the Array is reduced
$3,800, and of the Lieutenant-General $4,200,
making $8,000, and the pay of thirty-two chap-
lains is reduced $219 each, making $7,000, or
a reduction of $16,000. Taking both sides of
the account, instead of reducing the pay of the
officers of the Army, this bill, to begin with, for
the first year will add at least $600,000 to their
pay.
I will add that this statement does not take
into consideration the commutation for fuel
and quarters; but the bill as it came to ns from
the other House provides for fuel and quartern
in kind. Fuel and quarters in kind will cost
quite as much as the commutation. In fact,
the commutation system was adopted to pro-
tect the Government against the other system,
the furnishing in kind, because it was believed
to be cheaper for the Government. If the pro-
vision for furnishing fuel and quarters in kind
be continued in the bill, the increase will be
about seven hundred thousand dollars to begin
with, and at the end of twenty years, provided
the officers average that length of service, will
be nearly twelve hundred thousand dollars. If
that'is stricken out of the bill,the increase will
not be so large; but there will still be an in-
crease.
Some believe, and it is possible that may
be so, that there will be a more equal distri-
bution of pay to the officers of the Army.
The committee adopted the pay provisions of
the House bill as the fifteenth section of their
proposition, with slight amendments, increas-
ing the compensation of the chaplains $200,
and providing that the pay of colonels, lieu-
tenant-oolonels, and iptyors should not , be
quite so large as it is put in the House bill.
Mr. STEWART. As I understand the Sen-
ator, it would be economy to strike out the
section.
Mr. WILSON, , 1, have stated the facts of
the case. ,
, Mr. STEWART. Then it had better, be
stricken out. ,
• Mr. TRUHfeULJj. I should like to inquire,
if the thirty-eighth, thirty?ninth, and fortieth
lines are intended , to be a limitation upon all
the officers, or only a limitation on the colonels,
lieutenant colonels, and majors ? The words
read;
- These sums shall in full of alleobiiuutation
of quarters, fuel, forage, servants' wages, and cloth-
ltag, longevity rations, and all allowances of every
name and nature whatever.
' Is that proviso intended to apply to the
generals, or only to the colonels, lieutenant
colonels, and majors?
. Mr. WILSON. And all officers under them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then if this bill passes
the generals Will still be entitled to commuta-
tion for fuel and forage?
' Mr. WILSON. No sir. I will say that this
vision applies to generals and to all officers
of the Army; but there is another provision
th&t quarters, fuel, and forage in kind may be
issued to offiders by the quartermaster's de-
partment, as now allowed by law and i-egula-
tions. There can be no commutation for fuel
and quarters for any officer of the Army from
the General down ; but all officers of the Army,
from the General down, can receive fuel and
quarters and forage in kind according to exist-
ing regulations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed, perhaps, that
was what was intended; but if the Senator from
Massachusetts will look at the wording of this
proviso, going back to the thirty-fourth line,
I think he will see that the latter part of the j
proviso will only apply to the officers named
in this part of it. Let me read it, going back
1 to the thirty-fourth line:
That the pay of a colonel shall in no case exceed ,
Si,000 per annum, nor the pay of a lieutenant colonel
$3,600 per anttum, nor the pay of a major $3,000 per
annum; and these sums shall be in fall of all com-
mutation of quarters, fuel, forage, servants' wages
and clothing, longevity rations, and all allowances
of every name and nature whatever.
Now, I think the legal construction of that
would be to confine the latter part of the pro-
viso to the officers named in the first part; and
it would need a little change of phraseology if
: the Senator intends to cutoff the commutation
for quarters, &c., from generals as well as
colonels.
Mr. WILSON. It is intended for all. If
the Senator will frame a modification we will
agree to it.
: Mr. TRUMBULL. I will look at it. I
j should think, as it is worded here, it would be
I) limited to the officers named in the first part
1 of the proviso.
Mr. WILSON. It is not so intended.
! Mr. NYE. I should.like to inquire of the
j chairman of the Military Committee whether,
; if this section is stricken out, it will leave the
pay of the officers the same as at present? If
so, in due time I shall move to strike out the
section.
;j The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
j tary will read the next section.
I j The Secretary read section sixteen, as fol-
lows:
I Skc. 16, And be it further enacted, That the say and
, i allowances of the enlisted men .of the Army shall
remain as bow fixed by law until the 80th of June,
1871; and it shall b« unlawful for any Officer to me
any enlisted man as a servant in any case whatever.
Mr. WILSOlff. If this section should not
be adopted, on the 80th of Jane the pay of the
soldiers of the Army will be reduced to eleven
dollars a mouth.' We have provided that the
pay shall continue as it is, sixteen dollars a
month, for another y tor. It may be that when
the end of the year comes around, if we shall
have cotne to specie payments and-& general
reduction of the cost of living shall have been
effected, we can enlist men for lefes than six-
teen dollars a month. The latter part of the
clause prevents soldiers being used as servants.
I do not think any soldier should ever be a ser-
vant to any officer, but it has been the'practice
to allow officers to use soldiers for that pur-
pose, they allowing for their pay and all ex-
penses connected with them. In fact, the pay
of an officer's servant is the pay of a soldier.
It was thought that if we passed this bill pay-
ing a round sum to the officers and making no
provision for servants it might.lead, to the use
of soldiers as servants without any considera-
tion to the Government. Therefore we pro-
vide that no soldier shall he used as a servant
under any circumstances Whatever. _ /
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheNfcct
section will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the seventeenth sec-
tion, as follows:
Sac. 17. And be it further enacted. That section
second of the act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30,1898, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March 2, 1867, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Mr. WILSON. That repeals certain pro-
visions made for the purpose of arresting to a
certain extent the influence of President John-
son in the management of the Army.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
section will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the eighteenth, nine-
teenth, and twentieth sections, as follows:
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted. That the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authorised to drop from the rolls of the Army for
desertion any officer who is now, or who may here-
after be, absent from duty three months without
leave; and any officer so dropped shall forfeit all
pay and allowances due or to become due, and shall
not be eligible for reappointment.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted. That no officer
of the artillery corps below the grade of field officer
shall hereafter be promoted to a higher grade before
having passed a satisfactory examination before a
board of three artillery officers senior to him in rank,
to be appointed by the Secretary of War.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted. That the sixth
section of the act approved March 3,1869, prohibit-
ing new appointments and promotions in certain
staff corps and departments of the Army be, and tho
same is hereby, repealed, so far as the same applies
to the medical and quartermaster's departments and
the corps of engineers.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have that
explained.
Mr. WILSON. Last year we provided that
the staff departments should not be filled up;
that there should be no promotions in them.
This section provides that the medical and
quartermaster's departments and the corps
of engineers may be filled up and promotions
made in them. In the medical department
there are forty-Six vacancies. They should be
filled up. That department employs now one
hundred and eighty surgeons at an expense of
over two hundred thousand dollars a year, and
it will be cheaper and better to have the med-
ical department filled up.
As to the quartermaster's department, there
are some seven or eight vacancies; but the
quartermaster's department not only employs
all the officers connected with it, but from three
to four hundred other persons to aid them.
Our Army is scattered all over the country in
two hundred and fifty-two military stations.
They must be clothed, must be moved, must
be taken care of.
In the corps of engineers there are a few va-
cancies. That corps employed in 1868 ninety-
one civil engineers and thirty-eight draughtsmen
at the large expense to thecountry of $197,500;
in 1869sevent.y-five civil engin eers and forty-four
draughtsmen, being one hundred and nineteen
persons, at a cost of $201,000. It is cheaper
and better that this corps should be kept full.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to ask the
chairman of the committee the reason for ex-
cepting from the provisions of this section
which alio ws promotions the adjutant general's
and pay departments t
Mr. WILSON. It is believed that the adju-
tant general's department can get along a year
Or two longer without making this change.
As to the pay department of the Army, it is
admitted by the officer at the head of that de-
partment that in the course of a year or two a
small reduction can be made in the number
now in the service. They can get along with the
present force, and we do not wish, to have the
staff any larger than is absolutely necessary,
although the staff is a very important part of
an army, admitted to be so by all writers on
the subject, in our own and in other lands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
section will be read.
The Secretary read the twenty-ficst section,
as follows:
Sec- 21. And be it further enacted. That it shall
not be lawful for any officer of the. Army of the Uni-
ted States on the active list to hold any civil office;
whether by election or appointment, and any suoh
officer accepting or exercising the functionsof a civil
office shall at onco cease to be an officer of the Army,
and his commission shall bo vacated thereby.
Mr. WILSON. . By the House bill all the
officers of the Army, those in active service
and those on the retired list, are excluded from
holding a civil employment. This modifies that
section by allowing retired officers to be ap-
pointed or elected to office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why should we change
the House bill in that respect? It seems to
me that if military officers are to be precluded
from holding civil offices it should be a general
provision. If tliey are to be put on the retired
list simply to take a civil office and then be
restored afterward, the law will be evaded. _ It
seems to me if a person in the military service
thinks proper to accept a civil appointment—
he is not compelled to take it—he should
vacate his military position in the Army. I do
