1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
the adjustment and payment of tlie claims of the
late CaptaiftBenjaminW. Perkins,
>i of Massachusetts.
Mr. MORGAN". I object.
fur-be aking seals
Mr. SCHENCK. I hold in my hand a report
from the agent of the Treasury Department
from Alaska in relation to the disposition to
be made of the two islands producing fur-bear-
ing seals. It gives a plan by which it is said
that $500,000 a year can be made by the Gov-
ernment if there be proper legislation. I am
instructed by the Committee of Ways and
Means to ask to have the paperprinted, as being
one of public interest, and to have it referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means. We
are not particularly anxious for jurisdiction in
this case. It may, perhaps, go to the Commit-
tee on Commerce. They had the subject before
them at a former time. It relates, however,
to the raising of revenue from these islands.
It might belong to either committee. I move
that it be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, andprinted,unless somegentleman
wishes that it shall be otherwise disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
line and staff rank in the navy.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That, the Secretary of the N avy be directed
to furnish this House with a copy of the record, pro-
ceedings, and all papers before tho board of naval
officers who had under consideration the subject of
line and staff rank under an order of the Secretary
of tho jNavy.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider all the votes taken this morning ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ninxii census.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
House now resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of House bill No. 424, to pro-
vide for taking the ninth census of the United
Slates, and to fix the number of the members
of the House of Representatives and to provide
for their future apportionment among the sev-
eral States.
The following section was under consider-
ation :
StfC. 22. And be it further enacted, That tho
Superintendent of tho Census shall prepare for sub-
mission to Congress, at the beginning of tho next
Dcecmber session held a.f'tcr tho date of the census,
a preliminary report, embracing statistics of the pop-
ulation of the United States by States or Territories
and counties or parishes, sufficiently full for the
equalization of representation of the several States
in Congress, lie shall as soon thereafter as practi-
cable, and within three years from the date of his
appointment, prepare a carcfully-digestcd report,
embracing lull tabular statements of all the statis-
tical information furnished by tbeoensus, with com-
parative tables showing the changes lrom former
censuses, and such other tables as may be neecrsary
to exhibit the results of tho enumeration.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Judd, to insert after the word
''submission," near the beginning of the sec-
tion, the words "to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior on or before the 15th day of August next,
and."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I did intend to
move to cut off debate on the pending section
and the pending amendment: but two or three
gentlemen desire to speak for a very few min-
utes, and therefore I did not make the motion.
But I trust that in about ten minutes, or in
fifteen minutes at the furthest, the Committee
of the Whole will consent to take a vote on the
pending section and amendment, and thus test
the sense of this committee on this matter.
Mr. WILKINSON. When this subject was
before the Committee on the Ninth Census I
agreed with the committee to the bill as it was
reported to the House, because I thought it
would be very difficult to so frame the bill that
an apportionment under the next census could
be had prior to the election of the Forty-Sec-
ond Congress; but after further considera-
tion, and having read an amendment carefully
prepared by the honorable gentleman from
Nebraska, [Mr. Taffe,] I have come to the
conclusion that it is practicable so to change
this bill as to allow the next Congress to be
elected under the new census, or at least to
allow the additional number of members to
which certain States of the Union would be
entitled to be elected for the next Congress.
This being in my judgment practicable it seems
to be a matter of great necessity that the pres-
ent inequality of representation on this floor
should be corrected as soon as possible after
the next census. Let us look at the present
representation as it exists on this floor. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] on
yesterday seemed to be very much excited
about this matter; but I do not wonder at it,
for the State of Massachusetts is represented
on this floor by nine members representing
only 171,484 votes.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Does the gentleman
say that Massachusetts is represented here by
nine members ?
Mr. WILKINSON. I said that Massachu-
setts was represented here by nine members
who represent 171,434 votes. I know the State
has ten members here, but I could notgett.he
votes cast in one of the districts. Now Michi-
gan, with six members only upon this floor,
represents 221,482 votes; yet, if the appor-
tionment were just, Michigan would have
twelve members to nine members from Massa-
chusetts^ Let us go a little further. In the
State which I have the honor in part to repre-
sent, and in my own district, there were 38,370
votes cast at the last congressional election,
while the whole State of Rhode Island, with
two members upon this floor, cast but 18,850
votes. Take the State of Vermont, represented
here upon this floor by three members, with
only 54,390 votes ; while Minnesota, with but
two Representatives, has a vote of 71,090;
and it so runs all through the western States.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Locghridge]
who interrupted me a few moments ago rep-
resents forty thousand and odd votes, and the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Jcdd,] whose
amendment is now pending, has a stili greater
constituency than that. Now, in my humble
judgment the people of the W est bearan unusual
proportion of the burdens of the Government
upon their shoulders and receive less benefit
from the legislation of Congress than any other
portion of this country. I ask gentlemen from
New Englandand Pennsylvania if itis wise for
them with their present interest to oppose the
earliest possible apportionment under the next
census ? It is for their interest as well as for ours
that that should be done. It is not wise, in my
judgment, for them to insist that they shall
keep up and maintain an unjust apportionment
of members upon this floor for one single hour
after a new apportionment can be made. It is
but an act of simple justice to the people of
the West, and they will demand it and insist
upon an early apportionment made for Repre-
sentatives in the next Congress if it is practi-
cable so to do, to the end that all sections of
the country shall be equally represented in
Congress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
_ Mr. BLAIR. I do_ not know but what this
discussion has gone as far as it is profitable.
But since the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr.
Wilkinson] has mentioned my State I will
make bold to say a word or two on this subject.
It is true, as that gentleman remarks, that the
State of Michigan is not so fully represented
at this time upon this floor as the older States
in proportion to the population and vote of
the State, but that is a disparity that must
always exist. It will be found after we make
a new apportionment the same diversity will
again exist in four or five years. There is a
steady flow of the population from the East to
the West, from the older to the newer regions
of the country, and we are not to expect that
we shall be able to keep anything like an exact
proportion in this regard. If we should make
a new apportionment every two years we should
fail to do that. This disparity will always
exist more or less. My people have seen it,
but they have not complained of it.
My friend from Minnesota has said that in
consequence of this the East gets greater ben-
efit from the legislation of the country than the
West. Now, I am free to say that we in Mich-
igan have no complaint to make on that score.
So little foundation is there, in my judgment,
for this complaint that I think it will be found
that the East has always been doubly generous
totheWest. Letgentlemenlook,iftheyplease,
at the generous donations of the public domain
in the West for the purpose of building its rail-
roads, its highways, and for all its purposes of
internal improvement.
Mi'. WILKINSON. Will the. gentleman
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. WILKINSON. Who own those rail-
roads? Eastern men or western men ?
Mr. BLAIR. Well, Mr. Chairman, I am not
disposed to be very particular as to that ques-
tion, for the railroads are of vastly more value
to the people of the West than they are to the
owners of them. If any stockholder in those
railroads has found himself largely benefited
financially by the investment he has been more
fortunate, I think, in that regard than most
men. Why, sir, we have just finished the build-
ing of the magnificent Pacific railroad, which
is the admiration not only of our country but
I think of the whole world as an achievement
of engineering skill and asa great work for the
advancement of the country. And for whom
. has this work been done? Certainly as much
for the West as for the East. For my part, I
cannot sympathize in any degree in the com-
plaint that is made. I believe that the East
has been not only just but generous to tho West.
And lam not in favor of changing now our rule
upon any mere temporary consideration of this
sort. I am willing, and indeed I prefer, as I
believe my colleagues do, that this census should
go forward in the orderly way in which it has
gone on heretofore ; that upon the census after
it has been made Congress shall settle with
due deliberation the representation of constitu-
encies in this House; that we shall make no
unnecessary haste in this regard. I see no
occasion for haste; I believe no interest is suf-
fering at all. I feel, as I presume my constitu-
ency do, the same ambition felt by other por-
tions of the West that our people shall be made
strong and that they shall be allowed their due
influence in this House, which after all is the
great governmental body under the Constitu-
tion, a body representing directly the people
of the country.
There is one other remark which I must
answer. Gentlemen say to us that the people
are not all represented here. My friend from
Kansas [Mr. Clarke] complains that a large
portion of his people are now unrepresented.
In that complaint he, I think, did himself
injustice. Does not he represent all his con-
stituents ? And the gentlemen who come here
from the South, do they not represent the col-
ored people who have joined in electing them
as well as the white people ? I suppose our
Democratic friends would say that these south-
ern members represent nobody else than the
colored people. Such a remark is notquite fair,
but it is at least fair to say that whoever joined
in voting for the Representative are represented
by him on this floor.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILKINSON. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I desire to offer an
amendment to the amendment, which I hope my
friend from Indiana [Mr. Cob urn] will accept.
