1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
thorized shall, within one year, if required, be
withdrawn, as herein provided, from banks
organized in States having a circulation exceed-
ing that provided for by the act entitled "An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act to provide
for a national banking currency secured by
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,' "
approved March 3, 1865; but the amount to
be so withdrawn shall not exceed $20,000,000.
The Comptroller of the Currency shall, under
the direc„'on of the Secretary of the Treasury,
make a statement showing the amount of cir-
culation in each State, and the amount to be
retired by each bank in accordance with this
section, and shall, when circulation is required,
make a requisition for snch amount upon such
banks, commencing with the banks having a
circulation exceeding $1,000,000 in States
having an excess of circulation, and withdraw-
ing one third of their circulation in excess of
SI,000,000, and then proceeding pro rata with
banks'having a circulation exceeding $100,000
in States having the largest excess of circula-
tion, £nd reducing the circulation of banks in
States having the greatest proportion in excess,
leaving undisturbed the banks in States having
a smaller proportion until those in greater
excess have been reduced to the same grade,
and continuing thus to makethe reduction pro-
vided for by this act until the full amount of
$20,000,000 herein provided for shall be with-
drawn ; and the circulation so withdrawn shall
be distributed among the States and Territo-
ries having less than their proportion, and so
as to equalize the distribution of such circula-
tion among such States and Territories upon
the basis provided by this act. And upon fail-
ure of such bank to return the amount so re-
quired within ninety days after said requisition
it, shall be the duty of the Comptroller of the
Currency to sell at public auction, having given
twenty days' notice in a newspaper published
in Washington city and New York city, an
amount of bonds deposited by said bank as
security for its circulation equal to the circula-
tion to be withdrawn from such bank, and with
the proceeds to redeem so many of the notes
of such bank as they come into the Treasury
as will equal the amount required from it,
and shall pay the balance to such batik, pro-
vided that no circulation shall be withdrawn
from States having an excess until after the
$45,000,000 granted in the first section have
been taken up.
Mr. COX. 1 rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order,
Mr. COX. I do it with fill respect to gen-
tlemen who are members of the Committee on
Banking and Currency. The point of order I
make is. that this bill has not been considered
by the Committee on Banking and Currency at
anv meetinf of that committee that I know o(.
Mr. GAllFIELD, of Ohio." There was a
meeting of the committee this morning nt the
committee-room, and I was authorized by tne
committee to make this report. .
Mr. COX. I came up to the Capitol ttns
morning with niv coiieague*on the Committee
on Banking andCurrency, the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Gaufield,] and I heard nothing
of this matter until the gentleman got up to
make this repot l.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am sorry : but
1 cannot help it.
Mr. COX. I did not know there was any
meeting of the committee. It is not ot very
much consequence whether I knew of in or
not: but I think that out of regard tor regu-
larity of proceedings, if it is expected that
Democrats will serve on the committees ot
this House, they ought, at least to be notified
when their committees are to meet, and then
they call attend the meeting, if for no other
purpose than to protest against any action that
may be determined on by the committee.
Mr O AdihTELD. of Ohio. As the gentle-
man irr.ni New York [Mr. Cox] well knows,
leave was granted early in the session for the
Committee on Banking and Currency to sit
during the sessions of the House. A short
time since, while it was raining so hard that
business was impeded here in the Hall, on the
suggestion of some member a recess was taken
for ten minutes. During that recess I called
a meeting of the committee, and notified all
the members of the committee I could in the
little time that I had. The' gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] was out of his seat or he
would have been notified. I took all possible
means to give him an opportunity to attend
the meeting of the committee, and regret that
I did not find him in his seat.
Mr. COX. Without intending any discourt-
esy to the gentleman, I will say that if this bill
is presented as a report of the committee I
will move to lay it on the table.
Mr. GAllFIELD, of Ohio. Has the gen-
tleman the floor to make that motion?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
iloor only to make a point of order.
Mr. COX. I .withdraw the point of order,
and move to lay the bill on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not the
floor for that purpose. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GAllFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that the
substitute for the bill and the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr, J udd] be now
read.
The substitute was read. It proposes to stiike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert in
lieu theieoftiie following:
That 605,000,000 in notes fur ciiculation may bo
issued to national banking associations in addition
to the 6300,000,000 authorized by the twenty-second
section of the net to provide a national currency
seemed by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption thereof,
approved June :s, ISGi; and the amount of notos so
provided shall be furnished to banking associations
organized or to bo organized in those States andTer-
ritories having less than their proportion under tho
apportionment contemplated by the provisions of
the act to amend an act to provido a national cur-
leuey secured by si, pledge of 1'nited States bonds,
and to provide for tho circulation and redemption
thereof, approved March J, 18(35, and tlie bonds
deposited with tho Treasurer of the United States,
to sccuro the additional chculating notes herein au-
thorized, shall be any of tho. bonds ot the United
Slates healing interest in coin: Provided, That it
applications lor tho circulation herein authorized
shall not be made within one year after the pussage
of this act, by banking associations organized or to
be organized in States having le?s than their propor-
tion, it shall be lawful lor the Comptroller ol the
Currency to issue puch circulation to banking asso-
ciations in other States or Temtorics not in excess,
applying for the same, giving the preference to such
as have the gro:t test deficiency : And provided]u/'thcr,
That no banking association hereaiter organized
bhallhave a eh dilation in excess of ^500,000.
Sr.c.'z. And be it ftniher enacted, That at the end
of each month niter the passage ot this act it shall bo
the duty ol the Comptroilerol theCuirency tu report
to the Secretary of the Treasury the amount of cir-
culating notes issued under the provisions ol the pre-
ceding section to national banking associations dur-
ing ihe picvioiu month; whereupon the Secretary
ot 'the Treasury shall redeem and cancel an amount
i of ill 5 three per cent, temporary loan certiticates
. issued under the acts of March 2,1867, and July 2d,
! not Jess than the amount ot circulating notes
I so reported; and may, it necessary, in order to procure
the presentation ol suoli temporary loan certificates
■ for I'edcmpuun, mve notice to the holders thereol,
i by publication or otherwise, that certain of said
! certificates, wftich bhail be designated by number,
1 d.ite, and ainoinai, shall cease to bear niloiohl trorn
1 <>nd alter ad;-y to be designated in such notice, and
! th:H the eertilicates so designated shall no longer be
i available us any portion ot the lawlul money reserve
I in the possession ot any Uctional banking association,
i nnd after the day de-sign ued in such notice no mter-
' est shall bik- paid on such certificates, and they shall
! not thereaiter bo counted as a part of the reserve ot
! any banking association.
1 Sec. 3. And be tt lurther enactcd, That to secure a
1 more equitable distribution of the national banking
! currency there may be issued eiieulating notes to
' b,inking jusociationsorganucdinSlates and ierrito-
! vies having less than their proportion as herein set
forth. And the amount of circulation in this section
authorized shall, -under the dneetion of the Secretary
oi the Treasury, as it may be required for this pur-
pose, be withdrawn as herein piovided from bank-
i ing associations organized m States having a circu-
1 lation exceeding that piovided for by the act entitled
' "An act to amend, an act entitled 'An act to piovide
for a national banking cuncncy secured by pledge
ot United Slates bonds, and to provide lor the circu-
lation and redemption thereof,"' approved March a.
18o>; but the amount so wicndrawn shall not exceed
$ '5 U00 UQO. The Comptroller of the Currency bhail,
tinder the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
make a statement showing the amount of cireukilidn
i& e&oh State and Territory and the>asiount to bo
retired by each banking association in accordance
with this section, and snail, wheh stush-redistribu-
tion of circulation 5a required, make a requisition for
swh amount upon such hanks, commencing with the
banks having a circulation exceeding, $1,000,000 in
States having an excess of circulation," and with-
drawing their circulation in excess of $1,000,000, and
then proceeding pro rata with other hanks having a
circulation exceeding $300,000 in States having tho
largest excess of circulation, and. deducing the cir-
culation of sueh banks in States having the greatest
proportion in excess, leaving undisturbed the basks
in States having a smaller proportion, until those in
greater excess have been reduced to the Same grade,
and continuing thus to make the reduction provided
for by this act until the full amount of $25,000,000
herein provided for shall bo withdrawn; and the
circulation so withdrawn shall be distributed among
tho States and Territories having less than their
proportion, so as to equalize the same. And it shall
bo the duty of the Comptroller of the Currency, un-
der the directibn of the Secretary of the Treasury,
forthwith to make a requisition for tho amount
thereof upon the banks above indicated as herein
prescribed. And upon failure of such associations,
or any of them, to return the amount so required
within one year it shall be the duty of the Comptrol-
ler of tho Currency to sell at public auction, having
givon twenty days' notice thereof in one daily news-
paper printed in Washington, and one in New York
city, an amount of bonds deposited by said associa-
tion as security for said circulation, equal to tho
circulation to be withdrawn from said association
and not returned m compliance with such requisi-
tion; and tho Comptroller of tho Currency sbalfwith
the proceeds redeem so many of the notes of said
banking association as they come into the Treasury
as will equal the amount required and not so returned,
and shall pay tho balance, if any, to such banking
association : Provided, That no circulation shall bo
withdrawn under the provisions of this section until
after the $95,000,000 granted in the first section shall
•have boon taken up.
Sue. 4. And be it further enacted, lhat alter tho
expiration of si.\ mouths from tho passaao of this act
any bankinsf association located in any btato having
more than its proportion of circulation may bo re-
moved to any State having loss than iu proportion
of circulation, under such rules and regulations aa tho
Comptroller of the Currency, with the approval of tho
Secretary of the Treasury, iniiy require: J'romded,
That the amount ot tho issue of said banks shail not
bo deduotod trom the amount of new issue provided
for in this act.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will lirtw read
the amendment to the substitute proposed by
the gentleman from 1 Illinois, [Mr. Jddd.]
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. It is
that this bill is not in order as the report of
the Committee on Banking and Currency duly
called, and therefore any amendment to it is
not properly here.
Mr. INGrERSOLL. The point of order even
if good in itself comes too late.
The SPEAKER. That is for the Chair to
decide.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Certaiuly.
Mr. COX. It must be evident from the read-
ing of this bill, and the proposed substitute
purporting to come from the Committee 011
Banking and Currency, that they could not
have been read, considered, and acted upon
during the ten-minutes recess oftlie House this
morning, in which it is alleged that committee
had a meeting. I object to the report being
received, and give the gentleman notice that
he cannot pass any such bill this session by
means of any such management.
Mr. RANDALL, I desire to offer an amend-
ment. _ _ .
Mr. COX. I ask the opinion of the Chair
on my point of Older.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order made by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Cox,] because obviously it is
made too late. The gentleman had the floor
before and raised the point of order when it
was in time ; but he then publicly declined to
insist on it. .
Mr. COX. I take an appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair. I make the point now on the
amendments. , . .
The SPEAKER. The bill being before the
House, the amendment being germane coulu
of course be offered. ,
Mr. COX. I respectfully appeal irom the
decision of the Chair. .
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
