1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
41st Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Smith.
Ho. of Reps.
the principle on which prosecutions are insti-
tuted in these courts and are likely to be con-
ducted under this bill. A brewer in a neigh-
boring State was one morning unable to open
his safe in which his stamps were locked up.
There were none others to be had in the place,
and as he had to send to New York for an
expert to open the safe it was a day or two
before he could get access to his stamps.
He sent for the revenue officer and told him
the facts and asked him if it would be neces-
sary to suspend his business until he could
get at the stamps. The officer advised him to
proceed with his business as usual; to koep
an account of his sales and when the safe was
opened to cancel the proper number of stamps.
He did so, honestly and fairly, but he had
furnished an opportunity for some hungry
officials to earn some fees which was not to be
lost. He was prosecuted, and, although the
case is not yet disposed of, he has gone far
enough with it to ascertain that it will cost him
not less than $2,000. It is not pretended that
lie had any wrong intention in what he did, or
that the Government was defrauded out of one
cent; but he was guilty of a technical violation
of law, and the harpies who control its machin-
ery scenting their plunder afar oft' set it in
motion with the results stated. It is true great
and manifest injustice lias been done; but
what of that, the law has been enforced and the
wages of iniquity earned I
Are Federal officers to be deprived of pos-
sible fees; is the Juggernaut car of Federal
penal law to be stayed in its course for the
sentimental reason that innocent citizens may
be crushed and ruined by its advance? No.
by no means. Let its wheels be widened and
its weight increased; lengthen its ropes and
multiply the numbers of those who draw it,
but do not forget that you may yourselves fall
in its track and share the fate you intended for
others.
The incitements to wrong-doing which this
bill affords cannot fail to lead to many such
wicked prosecutions as the one mentioned.
What a blessing the fifteenth amendment is
likely to prove to the American people. If this
" appropriate legislation " to enforce it is rel-
ished by them we shall soon have more of the
same sort. If it could only be so arranged
us to have the district jndges share the fees
the system would be about perfect, and every
possible inducement to promote litigation
and harass the people would be supplied. It
would greatly facilitate and simplify the pro-
ceedings and multiply convictions to have the
petit juries dispensed with also ; but then as a
man is severely punished by being taken from
his business and home for weeks and put to
the expense of a trial in a remote part of the
country, and as the fees do not depend on con-
viction, that is not very important. Especially
as under existing laws the marshal selects the
juries, and by this bill all negroes, Chinamen,
and Indians are made competent witnesses, it
would not seem to be adiffieult, matter to secure
a conviction in any case where for any reason
the officers of the court might specially desire
one.
Jlr. Speaker, I do not mean to insinuate that
Federal courts are generally corrupt—I know
they are not—but they may be made, and often
are made, the instruments of oppression and
wrong, and the praciice in them greatly needs
reforming. Under that which now prevails,
which allows the marshal, at the instance or
in collusion with the district attorney, to select
the juries, and which allows of 110 appeal in
ciiminal cases from the judgments of the dis-
trict courts, injustice is often done; and under
the provisions of this bill, with the multitude
of adjuncts and strikers provided, those oppres-
sions may be made intolerable.
Theie is danger, too, thatin trying to enforce
this most odious measure frequent collisions
between the people and the military will occur,
resulting in loss of life and general disturb-
ance. The people are not yet sufficiently in
love with your system of repression to tolerate
the presence and interference of the military
at their elections. It will take a longer school-
ing than they have yet had to reconcile them
to that, as you may find to your cost There
is a point at which forbearance ceases to be a
virtue, where "resistance to tyrants becomes
obedience to God." It is easy to see that this
bill may be so enforced as to present the ques-
tion whether that point has not been reached.
My wish and hope are that it may be forever
averted in this once peaceful and happy land;
and I therefore oppose this measure as one
fraught with danger and freighted with no good.
Why, sir, this bill, which claims for its
object the security of the citizen in his right
to vote and to preserve the purity of elections,
tends to prevent the holding of elections at all,
or to give the entire coutrol of them to the
party in power for the time being. I am not
sure that is not its chief excellence in the esti-
mation of those who advocate its passage.
Surely it gives a most dangerous advantage to
the party having control of all this machiuery,
which may be multiplied to any required extent,
and by which enough voters may be arrested
before voting to turn the scale in their favor at
any time. I trust it may never be so used to
plague its inventors.
Sections two and three provide that regis-
trars and judges of elections, no matter how
important or unimportant those elections may
be, shall be liable to prosecution in the Fed-
eral courts for damages to the amount of $500
and costs, including counsel fees, to every per-
son seeking to register or vote who may be
wrongfully rejected ; and also to a fine of $500
and imprisonment for a year for each wrongful
rejection.
What has been previously said as to the
interest of prosecutors and officials in promot-
ing prosecutions and convictions in the case
of private citizens applies with equal force to
the officers of election.
Is there not danger that in view of the risks
attending the performance of the services re-
quired of these officers competent persons can-
not be found willing to expose themselves to
ruin in the discharge of the thankless and dan-
gerous duties of these petty offices, or at least
that only members of the party in power will
dare to accept those risks?
Is there not danger too that where such
boards of registration and election are properly
organized, the danger of harassing and expens-
ive litigation in case of the improper rejection
of votes or persons offering to register will lead
to the admission of many improper names and
votes. It is true there is danger either way ;
the officers are to be punished if they err either
in admitting or rejecting illegal votes or voters ;
but the risk is greater in rejecting than in ad-
mitting them, as there can be no private prose-
cution for the comfortable $500 where the vote
or name is improperly admitted. So the tend-
ency will be to let them in in all doubtful or
uncertain cases, and thus the law, like all other
laws that impose unreasonable or cruel pun-
ishments, will so far defeat itself.
The principle of the bill is essentially vicious
and its assumptions are false. It assumes
that the people are fully determined to disre-
gard thefifteenthamendment, and that assump-
tion involves another, either that the people
are desperately vicious or that the amendment
is unwise and wicked. It assumes that the
people are not to be trusted to observe the
law themselves or to choose officers who will
enforce it; that officers chosen by them who
take a solemn oath to support the Constitution
of the United States are less likely to observe
that oath than officers appointed by the Presi-
dent; that State judges elected by the people
are more corrupt or less conscientious than the
politicians appointed to judicial positions by
the Executive ; that juries selected from the
body of the people under State laws are less
likely to do their duty fairly and honestly than
those selected arbitrarily by a United States
marshal; that a man is more likely to have a
fair trial far from his home among strangers
than he is among his neighbors where he is
known ; that the testimony of a prosecuting
and hired witness is less dangerous to liberty
and justice where he is not known than where
he is known, and lastly, that a Federal court,
sitting in one corner of a large district or State,
is more likely to arrive at just conclusions as
to who is entitled to vote in the remote pre-
cincts of the district or State than a State court
would be sitting in the immediate neighborhood
where the questions arose and where the par-
ties and facts are all well known.
Sir, these assumptions are insulting to the
intelligence and self-respect of the American
people. They are infamously false and ridic-
ulously absurd.
They can only be supported by reasons that
would justify the abrogation of every State
right and the dismissal of every State officer.
If the people and the courts of theStates arenot
to be trusted with the enforcement of their own
election laws, and with the punishment of offend-
ers against them, where can they be trusted?
Is it true that all the virtue of the American
people and all their respect for the Constitution
and law are concentrated in the President of
the United States, and can only be brought to
bear upon violence and wrong by irradiating
from that great center of light and purity ?
It will be observed that the system inaugu-
rated by this hill, and which takes the place of
one long and well administered by the people
through their State courts, is to be executed by
officers, notoneof whomis elected by thepeople
or responsible to them. Some are appointed
by the President, others by his appointees, and
others still by the appointees of his appointees.
Is there not danger that the pure essence of
wisdom and virtue of which he is the fountain
and dispenser will be much adulterated and
diluted before it reaches the poor offending
people whose vices it is to correct, or is it the
theory of the friends of this bill that its efficacy
and purity are to be increased by this process
of double and triple distillation?
Sir, I thought that the true theory of repub-
lican government was that both power and vir-
tue resided with the people, and that the more
directly that power was applied to the enact-
ment and administration of laws the more re-
publican and pure those enactments and that
administration were likely to be. This bill is
subversive of that theory. If the President is
a safer depositary of power than the people,
why not say so ? If Federal officers appointed
by him are safer for the Government and better
for the people than those chosen by them, why
not abolish all State courts and offices, and all
elective officers in the Federal Government,
too, for that matter? If the people are not to
be trusted in the matters treated of in this bill
they are not to betrustedat all. Doawaywith
all this useless machinery, abolish all these
shams called State governments, and cease to
talk about the virtue and intelligence of the
American people. You say to them by this
legislation that they have neither, and if they
tolerate and approve it they will prove your
assumption to be true. But they will not tol-
erate it; the assumption is not true. They
have only to understand the objects of this bill,
the insidious and dangerous character of the
attacks you are making on their liberties, the
insulting, shameful imputations on their virtue
and intelligence, to arouse from their seeming
lethargy and hurl from place and power the
men who have dared to trample on their rights
under the pretense of defending them.
