4-20
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Senate.
Enforcement of Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Fowler.
4 1st Cong. ..2d Sess
Enforcement of Fifteenth Amendment.
SPEECH 01? HON J. S. FOWLER,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the Senate op the United States.
May 20, 1870.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(II. R. No. 1293) to enforce the right of citizens of the
United States to voto in the several States of this
Union, and for other purposes-
Mr. FOWLER said:
Mr. President: The late hour of the night
warns me against trespassing too long upon the
patience of the Senate. Did not the import-
ance of the measure in the history of our legis-
lation urge me to an expression of my views I
could not now be induced, to consume a moment
of the time.
The present measure is a departure from the
principle upon which the Government has here-
tofore acted. It must be admitted that prior
to this time all local interests have been trusted
to the control of local State institutions. This
has been one of the dearly cherished features
of the American system. Its origin was not
dependent on, nor was it sustained in any man-
ner by, the peculiar domestic institutions of
either section. The principle has been as
strongly maintained in one section as in the
other, and has been as sacredly protected in
the free as in the slave States. It is not my
purpose now to discuss the importance or the
danger of the principle, its origin, or the causes
that have made it the leading feature of our
form of government, but simply to announce it
in advance for the purpose of recording a point
of departure in our political history. Whether
national prosperity and personal liberty will
gain from this change of policy is a question
to be settled in the future. J t will be the work
of some American Livy or Tacitus to record
the changes in our policy and trace the conse-
cmencos upon the happiness of our people to
their ultimate results.
The friends of this measure, aware that society
will demand satisfactory reasons for this depart-
ure in the line of our system of government,
have frankly announced the threatened dangers
to the rights of colored men in the South as the
ostensible reason. With the general and sweep-
ing charges of lawlessness and violence there
I am not at present disposed to interfere, but
I proposo to correct the misrepresentations of
my own people in Tennessee.
The statement made this evening, that large
numbers of persons wore driven from the polls
last fall in the State of Tennessee, is urged as
a reason for the passage of this bill. That state-
ment was made by the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Stewart,] and I will do him the honor
to say that it was the most, truthful of any state-
ment that has been made on this floor in regard
to that State; and whatever error was in it 1
am sure was not of his heart, but of his head,
and was the result of improper information
given to him, for I do not believe that he did
intentionally or would willingly misrepresent
the State.
There are, however, two grave objections to
the allegation as an argument; one that there
was no election in the State last fall; the sec-
ond, that no person was driven from the polls
iu tho State last fall. Either of these would
ruin the efficacy of the. Senator's argument,,
unless the unfounded rumors of a corrupt and
prostituted press, instead of actual fact, can
sustain the argument.
It it be alleged that there was any other
election at which these persons were driven
from the polls, that also is unsustained by fact.
There has heen no election in the State at
which the colored people were driven from the
polls. The election that came nearest to an
election last fall Was an election in December,
than which probably there never was any elec-
tion in any State of this Union in which per-
sons more uniformly voted in peace and quiet-
ness. I do not know of a solitary outrage that
was chronicled in the State. In the election
that took place in March last there were about
one hundred and thirty thousand votes cast in
all the State, so far as they have been returned.
I have had a pretty extensive correspondence
from every county in the State, and I do not
know of any persons who were driven from the
polls at that election; but on the contrary,
colored voters and white voters, some voting
for the constitution and some against the con-
stitution, and each selecting the various can-
didates they chose to vote for, voted without
molestation.
It has pleased quite a number of Senators on
this floor to attribute all outrages to the State
of Tennessee, no matter whence they come.
Even those perpetrated in Alabama have been
charged very readily to the State of Tennessee,
and somo that took place in Mississippi have
been charged to the credit of the city of Mem-
phis. This in all probability is the result of
habit. Persons make these charges without
any reference really to the facts, and consider
that, they are attributable to that particular
State. For myself I should really have sup-
posed that Louisiana would be the State against
which the largest number of these charges could
be made. But she has not yet changed her
political relations, and may claim exemption
for a time.
Now, sir, I will recur to some changes that
have taken placo in Tennessee, not from the
influences of external forces, but the voluntary
action of the people there. They waited not
for a congressional enactment or a presidential
proclamation. They led the way in the march
of improvement,. They opened the prison-
doors that had held the captive for so many
years. They stripped from his limbs the fetters
that bound them; they broke them in pieces ;
they bad him go free and enjoy the use of his
labor for himself and his children forever.
They took him from his cell and put upon his
body the garments of freemen and bid him
rejoice in the glory of his manhood. They
not only made all her borders the home of free-
men, but they made it the home of equal citi-
zenship. They opened to every man tho bless-
ings of free institutions, and have made equality
the hasps of their constitution and created a
public opinion to support it. They did not
wait to be hunted down like fleeing deer by a
pack of hounds before thpy were brought to do
justice to tho colored man. Nor like other
States has force been the means of reform.
Not like young Nebraska has she moved at
tho word of command. Nor has even Ohio
promptly been brought to ratify the fifteenth
amendment. Never yet has she carried any
progressive measure before the people. Her
sister Indiana has been forced by the action
of the South into the recognition of tho rights
of humanity. Even the rebel element in Ten-
nessee have made a constitution granting
equal rights to all without distiction ot race or
nationality. Thus, the Union and the rebel ele-
ments of Tennessee unite in according equal
rights to all. Why, then, continue to blind the
public conscience of the North by a cloud of
misrepresentation and slander? Is not the
truth bad enough when the moral delinquencies
ol any people are to be unfolded'to the public
gaze? What good can flow from detraction
and falsehood? Let those who declaim so
loudly sigainst, our errors free themselves of
their own crimes. If there is no love of country
beyond mere party lines, let the consciousness
of evils at home lead to the exercise of charity
for their neighbors.
No State in this Union can read such a rec-
ord of voluntary reform. Her history in the
race of progress is like her history from the
time that the white man set his feet upon her
soil to the fatal day that brought rebellion to
her borders. It is prompt and onward in the
march of truth, until she stands the foremost in
the advancing train. Among all the revolu-
tions of history she starts from the tomb of the
buried jjast and rushes like a bright meteor to
the zenith of political equality. It is alone
almost in her limits that every tribe and race
of men are assured of their rights by the ad-
vance of the whole people to a voluntary con-
cession of equality of political rights to human-
ity. It is within her borders that the children
of men born under every sun of the globe will
find an asylum protected, not alone by force
and external pressure, but by a well-matured
and advanced public opinion, that will claim
the protection of equal laws for the European,
the Asiatic, the American, and the African
citizen. The dark hours of contest have
passed, her sanguinary plains no longer spread
before the eyes of her people. The future is
illumined with the rays of a brighter and nobler
hope.
It is alleged that she has nourished within
her borders the baleful liuklux. It is with
sorrow that I am compelled to admit that she
has ever desecrated her borders by any secret
political order, and especially one so fraught
with evil, so pernicious to her peace, and so
disastrous to her good name as the one that
has worked its own universal condemnation,
and whose memory poisons the reputation of
the Commonwealth itself.' It was the offspring
of war, the child of prejudice, resentment, and
wounded pride, struggling by false lights to
break the chains that condemned her es-
tranged and misguided people to a life of polit-
ical proscription, exaction, and inferiority. It
was the instinctive resentment of the hour,
which will be atoned for by earnest efforts in
the race for higher virtues and a purer and
gentler reign of law and order in the future.
The institution was partial in its existence
and attained its bad eminence in 18G8, from
which period it has gradually declined until it
has disappeared from the State. The proofs
relied on to sustain the charge are the ex parte
report of the Legislature of 1868 ; the reports
of the Freedraan's Bureau of the same year,
and the reaffirmation of the rumors of that year
by the Governor of the Slate, in his recent
visit to this city, asking troops to suppress the
ordinary outrages incident to the frailties of
humanity rather than to the organized spirit of
violence and crime charged to the credit of the
State. At the period of these cases of violence
the entire political power of the State was in
the hands of the political friends of tho Gov-
ernor. And I have the sworn testimony of all
the officers of the most pernicious districts to
the effect that, they found no difficulty of exe-
cuting any legal process without troops, and of
obtaining convictions when proper eases were
brought before the courts.
There is nothing in the political condition of
Tennessee at present that calls for the inaug-
uration of such a law as that now before the
Senate. The colored man has the assurance of
the Union people, who wrought out for him his
present political status, and of the late rebels,
who have recently made a constitution for the
State, protecting the rights of all the citizens
of the State without distinction of race or color.
The day of race legislation has passed forever;
hereafter it will be for the people without refer-
ence to race, except the intimate and more
sacred social relations of the family.
I propose now to leave the misrepresent-
ations of my own State as an argument in favor
of the measure, and come directly to the bill
under consideration. At the present stage of
the measure it is difficult to say what, are its
merits and what arc its objections. The num-
ber of propositions loosely thrown before the
Senate in the way of amendments renders the
