1434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
this miut. I agree with the gentleman's
poetry—
" I wonder what it was begun for."
It was begun in 1863, and we have appro-
priated between three and four hundred thou-
sand dollars for it. I wonder that it was ever
begun. 1 ask gentlemen to listen to the note
of the superintendent of this mint:
" Owing to tho fact that operations in this branch
have not been commenced, and our force is not yot
organized, it is somewhat difficult to obtain an esti-
mate of the number of workmen required, especially
as tho probable amount of bullion to be received is
at present entirely oonj ectural. Our estimate for fuel
must necessarily be high, as we are forced to burn
piue wood, no other being attainable, and the price
thereof ranges from five to ten dollars per cord, in
coin. Ordinary labor is scarcely to be obtained here
at less than five dollars in currency per day, while
skilled labor commands much higherprices. I think
that with close management"—
That, sir, in reference to a mint which has
been seven years under way, and not yet organ-
ized so they cau tell how many workmen they
want!
" the amount estimated will be sufficient, but not
more than will be absolutely necessary.
The amount "absolutely necessary" is
$91,000.
Now, sir, this is a mint in close proximity
to that at San Francisco. There is another
one started up at Dalles City, in Oregon, no
one knows where except our friends who went
across the continent last summer. There is
another at Denver.
The act of coining money is one of sover-
eignty, almost the highest act of sovereignty
with which the Constitution clothes the Govern-
ment, and it is a question which ought not to be
decided by our friendliness toward Nevada or
our appreciation of the Representative of that
State. It is a question of public policy, whether
we ought to have more than two places, one
at Philadelphia and one at San Francisco,
where this act of sovereignty in coining money
should be done. Since some four years, when
it was developed upon the floor of this House
that the expenditures in the branch mint at
San Francisco for tlje year 1865 had reached
the large sum of $550,513 07, the Committee
on Appropriations of the House have annually
severely revised the estimates, so that recently
they have got to be about one quarter of a mil-
lion dollars per annum to run the mint at San
Francisco, and little less to run the one at Phil-
adelphia. In every one of these new States I
know that they desire to have a new mint
established.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let me inquire what it
is proposed to do with this mint located there ?
Is it proposed to keep two watchmen there for-
ever? Is this mint to remain forever without
any use to the Government?
Mr. DAWES. It requires $250,000, as I
have said, to ran each of the two mints at
Philadelphia and San Francisco. And the
answer to the pertinent question of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin is, that it has been the
policy of the Treasury Department for years
not to make the coins at these assay offices,
but at the mints, so that all the benefits
which can be derived to a mining community
from a mint will be furnished to them by
the proximity of an assay office. They derive
no benefit from a mint beyond what is fur-
nished by the assay office. The assay office
{>uts their gold into bullion and into such posi-
tion that it is marketable, and there is no
benefit to be derived from the proximity of a
mint beyond an assay office to a mining com-
munity.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VOORHEES. I move to strike out the
last word of the amendment of the gentleman
from Nevada. I rise merely for the purpose
of stating that I am in favor of this young mint
in this young State, which in the last year has
turned out something like seventeen millions
of coin.
Mr. DAWES. Oh, no.
Mr. VOORHEES. I will correct myself.
Not that the mint has done it—I was in error
in regard to that—but there has been produced
from the mines in bullion some seventeen mil-
lions in the last year. With that fact to start
with it seems to me we ought to give this State
a fair chance with this mint to try what they
can do. I understand the State of Nevada is
almost if not quite as rich in minerals as the
State of California, and nothing could be more
proper or more necessary or more conducive
to the public wealth than the establishment of
a mint to assist them in producing their mineral
wealth. If the facts are correct, as I have been
informed, I shall certainly vote to sustain the
mint in Nevada upon public grounds, because
the mineral wealth is there, because the mint
is needed to develop it, because of the general
wealth which it produces to the country, and
for another reason. I have been a member of
this House long enough to observe that the old
States and the eastern States get pretty much
what they want, and whenever a claim is pre-
sented upon a fair legitimate basis on behalf
of these young western States I am always dis-
posed strongly to favor their claims.
I believe it to be for the public good, and I
believe it to be a matter of fair and strict jus-
tice to the State of Nevada to give her a chance
with this mint for at least the coming year, to
see what it can produce. If it be true, as I
am informed, that the State of Nevada is as
rich in minerals almost as California, and that
she produced in bullion some seventeen mil-
lion dollars last year, then I say she ought to
have this mint, ft ought to be submitted to fair
trial and experiment for at least a year. And
then when the time for making appropriations
comes round again, if it has not been found to
conduce to the public good, if the expectations
of thefriends of this mint have not been realized,
it will then be time enough to strike out the ap-
propriation. But certainly with these evidences
of mineral wealth in the State, furnished by
the production of the amount of bullion I have
named, it seems to me that no claim ever came
here from our western frontier States more
meritorous than this for the establishment of
a mint in the State of Nevada.
Mr. DAWES. I wish my friend from Indi-
ana would tell us what particular benefit
beyond that of an assay office can possibly
inure to the State of Nevada out of the estab-
lishment of a mint?
Mr. VOORHEES. I will answer the ques-
tion put to me by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. When any locality has got such an
amount of the precious metals as is claimed for
Nevada, and which I believe she has, and has
been organized into a State, it has a right to
have it coined there, and to enjoy all the bene-
fits and advantages accruing from the establish-
ment of a mint, on its own behalf, instead of
the wealth of the State being sent away to be
coined at the mint of some other State.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman thinks that
because God has given a large amount of
mineral wealth to a particular State the bene-
fit of the coining of the precions metals pro-
duced should also inure to the benefit of that
particular State.
Mr. VOORHEES. One word more. I tsk
the gentleman from Massachusetts whether he
or anybody else would regard with favor a
proposition to compel the mineral wealth of
California to be hauled away to some other
State to be coined, or whether he does not
think that California has a rightful claim to
the advantages accruing from having its bullion
coined within its own borders ?
Mr. DAWES. I stated a short time ago that
I thought there should be one mint on the
Pacific coast and one on the Atlantic coast,
and that mints for the coining of money, which
is the exercise of an act of sovereignty, should
not be thrown around as gifts to the States.
What is proposed to be done for the State of
Nevada the following extract from the report
of the Director of the Mint will explain: • i
" The operations of this branch will, in allprobabil- I
ity, culminate in commercial bars, as coin already
abounds in that region so extensively that their
papers express alarm as to the prospect of a redund-
ancy. Practically, it will be much moro an a.«say
office than a mint, and as such fully meets the wants
of the district. The power to make coin may be of
occasional benefit; perhaps in the future of much
advantage."
Now, I wish to say that the reason why I
think the coining of money should be at these
two mints, at all events at present, and there
only, is because you cannot coin a dollar in
Carson City so cheaply as you can at San Fran-
cisco, but you can furnish to every miner or
owner of a mine at Nevada all he wants by
making an assay office there. And I submit
that when we are asked to appropriate $91,000
for this purpose, when no practical and im-
portant use can be shown, the fact that we feel
kindly toward Nevada is not a consideration
which can justify such action on our part. I
have no wish or feeling hostile to Nevada, and
nobody can believe that there is any such feeling
on the partofthe Committeeon Appropriations
or of the Treasury Department, which says
distinctly that the multiplying of these mints,
at a large expenditure of money, is a mistaken
and wrong policy for the Government to pursue.
The one at Dalles City is a disgrace to the
management of the officers of the Treasury,
and the one at Denver is as useless as a mint
as a fifth wheel to a coach. I know they have
got a few dollars coined since this bill was
reported. I know that very well, and the tele-
graph has heralded it, but I know very well
why it was done.
Mr. VOORHEES. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman one question. I hazard a guess that
the Director of the Mint, from whose report
he has read, lives in some sea-board State in
the East. Where does he live?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know.
Mr. FITCH. At Philadelphia.
Mr. DAWES. I do not suppose that affects
the truth of his argument. 1 do not know
where he lives.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. He lives
close by League Island. [Laughter.]
Mr. VOORHEES. What is his name?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to make a further
inquiry.
Mr. DAWES. I have no doubt that he lives
at the Mint at Philadelphia.
Mr. VOORHEES. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to inquire
what information the committee now have and
the country now has in regard to this Mint, and
the necessity for it that we had not at the time
when we established it and expended large
sums of money in erecting it ?
Mr. DAWES. I have no doubt that it was
established and that money has been appro-
priated for it from year to year on precisely
the considerations that have been urged so
feelingly by the Representative from Nevada
to-day. It has been supported by these con-
siderations, and so have all these mints. If
there can be no such thing as a broad policy to
govern the country without these considerations
of locality, and the money of the nation is to
be distributed rather thab be expended, let it
be known to the country. Let it be known that
we give $90,000 to a State because we like the
State.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman does not
answer my question.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VOORHEES. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to strike out the
paragraph, and to insert in lieu thereof the
following:
Branch mint at Carson City:
For assayer, (who shall have charge of the said
mint,) $2,500.
For melter, $2,500.
For wages of workmen, $12,000.
For two clerks, at $1,800 each, $3,600.
For incidental and contingent expenses,including
repairs and wastage, $3,000: Provided, That after the
1st day of April, 1870, the branch mint at Carson City
shall be carried on as an assay office only, and all
unexpended balances of appropriations shall be paid
