3322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
We bare four hundred and eighty officers in
excess of the demands of the lertice, officers
attached to 110 regiments and belonging to
no one of the departments of the Army. We
have provided by this bill that about one hun-
dred and twenty of these officers shall fill up
vacancies, and about one hundred more of
them will be retired, making two hundred and
twenty, which will leave about two hundred
and sixty officers. We then offer this generous
proposition to the officers of the Array, that
any of them who choose may resign and receive
this extra pay. Then we propose to examine
a portion of the officers of the Army, those
who have any charges against them or anything
that disqualifies them, oefore a board. The
majority of that board is to be made up of men
who were in the volunteer service. By these
resignations and by the action of this board we
hope to reduce the number of these officers.
The whole plan is intended to work as easily
and as kindly as possible, so as to reduce the
number of officers in excess. I do not believe
there is the slightest feeling or intention in
either House to strike a blow at these officers or
to injure them in any way whatever. We have
this number of supernumerary officers, and in
some form or other we must reduce that force.
Mr. NYE. If I understand the object of
this provision, I am opposed to it in toto; and
with no idea that the Committee on Military
Affairs of either House has intended to do any
injustice to these crippled and infirm officers,
I desire to show, if I can, in a moment, that the
operation of this provision would be not only
detrimental to them, but utterly destructive.
If there is one thing that a nation cannot
afford to do, it is to treat with apparent or real
unkindness those who have served itinthe hour
of peril, who have periled their lives upon a
tbonsand fields, and have endured every climate
that the continent possesses. These officers
are old, for instance. In whose service have
they grown old? They have grown old in the
service of their country. Suppose they are
young, but infirm; how came they so? They
have become so from the exposures incident to
a soldier's life. They are found at the present
moment battling with the snows and the wild
tribes of the West upon the highest peaks of
the Kocky mountains, in the mountain gorges,
and at the sources of rivers. They are dis-
qualified, perhaps, for active duty, and this bill
proposes to give •then# a year's pay in order to
get them out of the service.
Sir, if there is a nation that should be grate-
ful to its soldiery it is ours. Where among
the nations of the earth, from Russia to our
own continent, whose Governments are almost
purely military, has a nation ever adopted a
theory like this? Notone. France, be it said
to her credit, not only provides for her old offi-
cers, bob her old soldiers. There is no one
thing to-day that makes and keeps alive the
fragrance that surrounds the memory of the old
Napoleon like that grateful tribute he has reared
in that most beautiful city of Paris, the Hdtel
da Invalides. There, instead of being turned
out with a year's pay, the old soldiers are cov-
ered all over with badges of honor.
Sir, I would have this nation do that also.
I discard in toto this idea of economizing Upon
the wasted systems and frames of worn-out
soldiers. No nation can afford to economize
over the mangled and disabled bodies of its
soldiers, in behalf of that class of men I in-
terpose my objection to this legislation, and I
interpose the dignity and honor of this nation
in their behalf.
We are to give them a year's pay, and the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs says that is magnanimous and lib-
eral 1 Why, sir, a year's pay would be gone
before six months roll around ; and where
would these men go then? There is nothing
left to them but penary and want and an alms-
house staring them in the face. Can this great
and proud nation afford to do that? I should
be ashamed to look one of thftm in the face as
I met him upon his crutches or crawling around
asking alms from door to door if I had been
one of those who had closed against him the
doors of the bounty of the nation to which he
entitled, a nation that he has saved. To
was
turn him off with a year's pay is an insult to
the injured, and unbecoming the majesty and
dignity of the nation.
Sir, we are apt in these times of spasmodic
economy to do great injustice. There is no
man on this floor who desires the expenses of
this nation cut down more than I do; but the
man is not sane who expects ever again to see
the expenditures of this great nation what they
formerly were. It covers twice the space that
it did ; the frontiers that we defend are quad-
rupled in proportion ; and yet the effort seems
to be to cut down the Army and kick out the
old and decrepit soldiers.
Sir, the memories of this nation gather around
the field of Gettysburg and the bloody fields
around Richmond, and the countless fields that
the late contest has made sacred and dear.
When these men were there, bearing the stand-
ard of their country amid a shower of bullets,
who would have proposed then among all the
members of both Houses of Congress to dis-
miss those crippled soldiers at the end of the
war with twelve months' pay, aud above all,
who would propose to put it in the power of a
board to say to one of these men, "You are
disqualified from duty, and you must go out?"
IF the nation would ever command the warm-
est sympathies of its citizens it cannot afford
to do this thing. If the drum should again
beat to battle, and the bugle should again sound
the danger of the hour, and the citizens should
be called upon to muster again with their arms
to fill up the scattered ranks of the Army,
where would you find them ? They would turn
back to this day's doings, and they would find
that the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
had provided that as soon as the war was over
their reward should be twelve months' pay and
a dignified national kick: "Go, take care of
yourselves." The theory is not sound, and
the practice would be destructive to the energy
of the Army of the United States. I say again,
i repudiate all such injustice, and it will be
accounted an injustice by the enlightened and
intelligent world.
Sir, 1 appeal to my honorable friend on my
right, [Mr. Fentos',} who mustered the citizens
of the old and honored State of New York, did
he not give them a pledge that they should be
cared for, living or dead? Is this the way you
keep it? Is this the way that the pledge of this
great Govern mentis to be carried out ? "You
shall receive twelve months' pay and the nation
that you have saved knows you no more in its
charities." Sir, it is not a national charity: it
is demanded by national justice. The pledge
of my honorable friend.from New York would
be unfulfilled to the sons of the farmers of his
native hills; the pledge of our Military Com-
mittee would not be carried out, in that way.
I appeal to the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts himself, who mustered brave men
to the field, what pledge did he give to the sons
of Massachusetts, to the fathers and mothers
who kissed the last tear off the cheeks of their
departing sons? Did he tell them then that
it would be born of him thattwelve months' pay
and a dilapidated and broken system should
bfe their reward thereafter? No, sir; he gave
the pledge of this generous and just nation ;
he gave the pledge that qras the offspring of
his own heart, that they should be cared for,
not only in the present, but in the future.
Away, then, with this beheading of four hun-
dred crippled officers I
Mr. President, upon one ofthe bloodiest fields
on wh'ch Napoleon ever fought he saw with
his quick eye one of his Old Guard go down.
He went to his side, and said, "Is there any-
thing I can do for you?" The soldier replied
that there was. "What is it?" " I ask that
my name shall never be stricken off the ifoll
of the Old Guard." And quick and generous
as Napoleon was he issued the order that when-
ever thereafter that soldier's name should bo
called a living sergeant should step out and
say, " Fell on the battlo-field of Jena." That
was the appreciation of the great Napoleon for'
the services of his soldiers. He spoke for
France; he spoke for a nation; and I believe
I speak to-day for this nation when I protest
against this enormous cruelty.
We are told there are only four hundred of
these officers. My God, sir, I wonder there are
not four times four hundred I Only four huu-
dred supernumeraries, as my friend calls them ;
and yet he would take his legislative saber aud
demolish them with a blow. Better by far that
they had found graves upon the generous soil
of their country, better that they had fallen
upon the field, than to have lived to fall by the
ungrateful legislation of their country.
It is said that this bill is going to cut down
expenses. The reduction will not amount to
a sixteenth of a mill to each inhabitant of this
nation. Go and canvass your own town, and
you will not find one man in whose veins runs
red blood but will laugh you to scorn at such
a proposition. Economy 1 Sir, a nation can
never afford to economize at the sacrifice of its
honor. A nation that puts its dollars in the
balance with its gratitude, when that is demon-
strated to the world and to the people out of
which armies are made, will be lost in coming
conflicts.
I hope, sir, that this provision will not pass.
I speak inbehalfof these crippled and maimed
officers. I speak in behalf of their bended
forms and mutilated limbs. I protest in the
name of a generous people against the inflic-
tion of such a wrong. Sir, who is there who
would not take one of these men to his own
hearth-stone and make him comfortable? And
yet here on the hearth-stone of the nation it is
proposed to pauperize them forever. Others
may do as they please, but I desire that my
vote and my voice shall be raised against such
ingratitude.
I appeal to the honorable Senator, the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, to
withdraw that offensive section. It will not
be savory in the nostrils of this country in the
present nor in the future. Let these officers
linger to their appointed time; let a generous
nation feed ana clothe them with the little
pittance of their salaries; and let them find at
least a welcome grave in a genial, patriotic soil,
whose grass shall be made fresher and greener
by the recollections of a grateful people.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I am sure
if the Senator from Nevada had read this bill
with care he never would have made the speech
he has now made, in which he has exhibited
so much zeal and so little knowledge. The
Senator has traveled all around the world in
his discursive flights, but he has not touched
the question. The section of the bill to which
he refers does not provide for anything of the
kind he suggests, and if the Senator will read
it he will see it.
Mr. President, no nation since the dawn of
creation has ever been so liberal and generous
toward the men who fought for it as has this
nation, and nearly every line on the s'atute-
books of the country that has made up this
generosity came from the committee of which I
am chairman. Nearly every preposition, from
1881 to this time, to be found on the statute-
books of the country in regard to our soldiers
or in regard to our armies originated in the
Committee on Military Affairs of the Senate;
and looking at them as they stand on the statute-
books to-day, I say that in generosity, liberality,
kindness, forethought, and provision for the
soldiers there is nothing in the history even of
France, or of any other Power on the globe,
that compares with them for a moment.
Then, sir, why should the Committee on Mil
itary Affairs, who have to deal with this un-
pk-asaut subject—a hard one, I admit—be
held up before the Senate as submitting a prop-
osition to turn out old, wounded, worn-out
