1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4267
other requirements of this act; and upon submitting
the proot of his having been honorably discharged
from the service of the United States he may be ad-
mitted to citizenship and receive the certificate;
which, in such cases, shall take effectimmediately.
Mr. McNEELY. I desire to offer a substi-
tute for the entire bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I decline further to admit
'amendments. Mr. Speaker, I only design now
to state to the House what changes are made
in the present law by the bill which I have
been directed to report from the Committee on
the Judiciary. By tbe present law, as is doubt-
less well known to the House, no alien can be
admitted to citizenship except he be a free
white person. The language used in the first
proposition of this bill necessarily changes the
present lav/ in that respect. It proposes to
admit "any alien" irrespective of the ques-
tion of color. The present law requires a resi-
dence in the United States of five years before
an alien can become a citizen, and a residence
of one year in the State in which he makes his
application. This bill changes the term of
time in these respects. It proposes to require
a residence before the application for natural-
ization of but three years, and a residence in
tbe State of but six months ; and it also re-
quires a residence in the city, county, or parish
in which the application is made of thirty days.
A subsequent provision of the bill, however,
requires that the judgment shall take effect at
the end of six months after the hearing. That
provision I shall explain more fully in a few
moments. The real lessening of the time
before naturalization is to three years and a
half.
The present law requires also that any alien
desiring to be naturalized shall declare his
intention to become a citizen before a court
of record, or the clerk thereof, two years prior
to the application for naturalization. This
declaration of intention, so far as relates to
the process of naturalization, is changed by
(he hill to a simple notice of twenty days.
The declaration is however retained by the
bill for all the purposes that are required under
any other law of the United States or of any
State. So that in those States where aliens
are permitted to vote by the laws of the States
on their declaration of intention, this bill does
not affect or interfere with the right which the
State laws confer upon them ; and so that as
regards State laws which give rights to aliens
who have filed declarations in respect to hold-
ing and granting lands this bill makes 110
change. But in respect to naturalization, in
place of a notice of' intention of two years it
substitutes, as will be observed by the first
section, a notice of at least twenty days prior
to the sitting of the court at which llie alien
intends to become naturalized. That notice
must state several facts. It will be observed
that the object of this bill is, so far as practi-
cable, to make naturalization a matter of busi%
ness; to take it out of party politics, out of
those healed controversies which attend our
annual elections, and especially out of the
personal and political strifes which are devel-
oped in the presidential canvasses.
The present declaration of two years has
never been of any practical value for mere pur-
poses of naturalization ; and I think I am jus-
tified in saying thai of late years it has been
one of the means ofiraud. Hundreds of per-
sons have been naturalized upon declarations
of that character made by other parties who are
dead or have left the country, the applicant
producing certificates and personating the
party who had made the declaration several
years before. In short, that declaration was
never of any efficacy in pointing out the par-
ticular individual who claimed admission to
citizenship under it. It has been, therefore, no
safeguard against the frauds that have been
perpetrated. What is wanted is some mode
of notice 1)/ which persons seeking natural-
ization shall be precluded, as far as possible,
from practicing any deception upon the courts.
This bill, therefore, requires a notue from the
applicant, which will enable fraud or imposition
to be readily detected.
A notice to be filed at least twenty days
before the court, stating the name, age, resi-
dence, and occupation of the applicant, the
place of his birth, the time and place of his
arrival in the United States, and giving the
names of two residents of his town or city
who are acquainted with him, is certainly a
very simple and easy substitute for the declar-
ation, which was a notice of two years instead
of twenty days. The notice of two years is,
however, destitute of all satisfactory means of
identification. That of twenty days brings
such means to the hands of any person inter-
ested in preventing fraudulent naturalization.
It is not necessary that this notice shall be
accompanied, as in case of the two years' dec-
laration, by the personal presence before any
court or clerk. It is like the ordinary steps
taken in any civil proceeding in our courts.
It may be filed with the clerk either by the
alien himself or by any person in his behalf.
But it will be observed that it contains no
requisite that any alien, however illiterate, can-
not readily give, and none that is not necessary
to show the identity of the alien, and whether
or not he is really entitled to what he claims.
In requiring a reference to two persons resident
ki the same town no hardship is imposed.
Every man's experience will show him, on a
moment's reflection that nothing is easier than
for a person honestly entitled to naturalization
to make such a notice as this, containing every
requisite here specified, and giving the names
of persons who are acquainted with him and
to whom reference may be made if anybody
desires to inquire in respect to him.
This notice is to be filed twenty days before
the first day of the term at which he intends
to apply. The effect of that requirement is
this: at any time in the interval of twenty days
next preceding the opening of the court all
persons interested may ascertain at^ the office
of the clerk what persons are applicants and
who can be naturalized at the coming term.
When these notices are examined, all persons
who desire to do so may investigate as to their
truth and as to the right of any person claim-
ing naturalization to receive it.
This notice is a safeguard due to citizens,
which can harm no honest alien, and which can
only preclude dishonest attempts to violate the
naturalization laws. This notice is required to
be verified by the oath of the applicant. It is
to remain on file in the clerk's office, and to be
open to public inspection, and any citizen is
authorized to take a copy thereof.
The first section of the bill then further pro-
vides that at the sitting of the court, or at any
time to which the hearing shall be adjourned
by the court, the alien and at least one credi-
ble witness shall both be sworn in open court.
That provision is so far new as that it requires
the alien himself to be put under oath. Hith-
erto there was no requisite of that kind, although
the courts that have sought to administer the
law fairly and fully have, I believe, required
that the alien should himself take an oath to
answer such questions as shall be put to him.
This bill requires that he, together with his
witness, shall bo sworn. All that is required
to be proved by them to the satisfaction of the
court are the same facts required by the pres-
ent laws. It is provided further in this section
that oil the hearing of the application any citi-
zen may appear and oppose it, and may pro-
duce any legal evidence tending to disprove the
right of the alien to citizenship.
These provisions are substantially new ; for
although some of the courts have held that cit-
izens have, under the present law, the right to
oppose the application of an alien, yet there
is no law declaring that right. The right to
oppose rests altogether in the discretion of the
court, and no law now existing permits the
introduction of legal evidence to disprove the
right of an alien to naturalization. I think it
wrll be seen by the House that this section cre-
ates a system plain and simple, really a hard-
ship upon no one, which enables aliens to make
their applications more speedily and easily than
by the two years' declaration of intention, and
also enables citizens to ascertain who are ap-
plying for and whether or not they have a right
to naturalization, and if it be discovered that
the application is a fraud, to enable citizens to
meet and try the question of fraud at the time
the application is made. Under such a notice
not one in a thousand of the applications would
be opposed, for not one in a thousand would
be fraudulent.
The second section declares the courts that
may entertain jurisdiction of these proceed-
ings. Jurisdiction is conferred upon all the
courts of the United States. It is also conferred
upon all courts of record throughout the Uni-
ted States which may be holden in any county,
city, or parish, and which hold stated or regu-
lar sessions for the trial of civil causes, except
only in those parishes or counties where at
least three terms of the United States courts
are held. Let me repeat: the second section
gives full jurisdiction to all courts that can
now naturalize, everywhere except in those
counties and parishes where at least three
terms of the United States courts are held.
The effect of this of course is, that through-
out the country generally the ordinary courts
of the States will have jurisdiction of the sub-
jectof naturalization ; but in those cities where
three terms of the United States courts are held
during the year the local courts are excluded
from jurisdiction. The objectof this provision
is to prevent the frauds that it is alleged have
been perpetrated in the larger cities of this
country in the naturalization of aliens.
For the purpose of aiding the United States
courts another provision of this bill authorizes
those courts to hold an adjourned term, or a
special term, at discretion, for the purpose of
naturalization, and also to refer to the Supreme
Court commissioners or to commissioners in
bankruptcy the taking of testimony in those
cases, whenever requisite for the relief of the
courts. I will not at this time detain the House
by an argument to show that this will answer
ail the honest necessities of the business of
naturalization and enable it to be conducted
quietly in every part of the country like the
other business of the court. In my judgment
this change has become nceessary, so far as it
operates m the localities in which the jurisdic-
tion is confined by this section to the Federal
courts. That I shall endeavor to show when
I come to close the argument upon this bill.
The third and fourth sections of this bill in
substance provide that the court shall adjudge
upon the facts on a hearing, and that the judg-
ment of naturalization shall take effect at the
expiration of six months from the time of the
adjudication. The fourth section directs that,
the clerk of the court shall issue his certificate,
stating the various facts required to be proven,
and declaring upon its face the exact time at
which it becomes operative to confer the right
of citizenship*upon the alien to whom it is
granted.
These sections also provide for a record, to
be kept by the clerks of the various courts, to
be entered in books and kept as are other
records of judgment. Both of these things, in
the judgment of the committee, were deemed
essential to the just administration of the law,
and of any law on the subject of naturalization.
The provisions for a formal record are of great
importance, not only in respect to the rights
of the naturalized alien, but in respect to various
rights of property, which often depend upon
the ability of third parties to establish the citi-
zenship of a person through whom the prop-
erty may have been derived.
The provisions in respect to the time when
the judgment of naturalization shall go into
operation, in my opinion, contain the grand
conservative principle of this bdl. Hitherto
naturalization in this country lias been con-
ducted almost altogether amid the incitement
