1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
resented in the various States there is con-
cealed what seems to me a monstrous prop-
osition—one that strikes at the independence
of this House and the integrity of the repre-
sentative system itself. That is to say, this
proposition, if adopted, gives to the President
of the United States the power of determining
the number of the Representatives of the peo-
ple. Mr. Chairman, I hold that to be a mon-
strous proposition, subversive of republican
representative government. Ar«3 upon that
ground 1 am opposed to every one of these
propositions yet presented. It is here said
these returns shall be made in the month of
August, go to the Secretary of the Interior, who
shall make the apportionment, and the Presi-
dent shall issue his proclamation declaring what
representation the various States shall have in
the next Congress. The gentleman from Indi-
ana, when it was suggested that the Secretary
of the Interior may do wrong, says that that is
an unworthy proposition. Why? Who is the
Secretary of the Interior? The breath of the
nostrils of the President of the United States.
All might be well under the present Adminis-
tration. Buta precedent would be established
which may be hereafter destructive of the
whole system of representation.
I hold that, under the Constitution of the
United States, the only powertliatcan determ-
ine the ratio of representation and the number
of Representatives is the Congress of the Uni-
ted States ; that they must have the apportion-
ment before them, and assent to it specifically ;
and until that is done nothing can be done
legally in the way proposed by any of these
amendments.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman from
Rhode Island yield for an inquiry?
Mr. JENCKES. Yes, sir.
Mr. ALLISON. Does not this bill propose
to fix the number of Representatives, and to
fix an absolute rule of apportionment?
Mr. JENCKES. Yes; but the rule is not
to be applied according to the discretion of the
Presidentof the UnitedStates on these returns.
Who shall regulate these returns; who is to
say New York is to have so many and Penn-
sylvania so many, and Massachusetts to bo
diminished so many—the President of the
United States?
Mr. ALLISON. The enumerators who lake
the population.
Mr. JENCKES. The enumerators are worse
yet. Persons created by delegation by per-
sons authorized to be created by this bill to
determine what shall be the representation for
each State 1 Why, to do that is to surrender
the prerogatives that every State has upon this
floor and in this Government. The gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Louohridge] says that he asks
simply for justice. All that I contend for is
justice. I say that when the Constitution was
adopted it was agreed that this distribution
should be made with rests of ten years or de-
cades. This inequality was contemplated, and
all agreed that the distribution should not be
made every two, three, or five j'ears, but at
intervals of ten years; and if it was not so
expressly stipulated in the Constitution the
language of the Constitution has received that
uniform construction from 1789 to this day.
That settled continuous construction should
not be departed from. These are the great
landmarks, the mile-stones set up, the pillars
upon which are recorded the progress of this
people, the history of this Government. Let
them not be misplaced or displaced now, or at
any time hereafter. Justice demands of us
that we should do as our fathers have done, and
pursue the course which they have laid out
for us.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
committee rise for thepurpose of closing debate
on this section.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, pursuant to order, had had under
consideration House bill No. 424, to provide
for taking the ninth census of the United
States, and to fix the number of members of
the House of Representatives and to provide
for their future apportionment among the sev-
eral States, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
when the House resumes the consideration of
the bill in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union all debate on the pending section
be closed in one minute.
Mr. JUDD. I move to amend that motion
so as to close debate in twenty minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope debate will not be
closed. This is an important matter. The
argument is not all on one side.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will modify
my motion, and move that the debate close in
ten minutes. That will afford the gentleman
from Illinois who offered the amendment [Mr.
Judd] an opportunity to close the debate, and
I would like one minute myself.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let the debate run an hour.
Mr. JUDD. As the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. gaftfieud] proposes to allow ten min-
utes I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the
motion of my colleague [Mr. Garfield] so as
to allow thirty minutes for debate.
The amendment was rejected—ayes thirteen,
noes not counted.
The motion of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, to
close debate, was then agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I movethatthe
House now resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of House bill No. 424, to pro-
vide for taking the ninth census of the United
States, and to fix the number of the members
of the House of'Representatives and to provide
for their future apportionment among the sev-
eral Slates.
Mr. J UDD. Mr. Chairman, in closing the
debate upon this proposition to equalize the
representation upon'this floor in the next or
Forty-Second Congress, it is to be remarked
that no gentleman has denied the justice of the
proposition. The amendment ottered by me
has been resisted, first, upon legal and consti-
tutional ground, and sceond, on the ground of
expediency. It will be impossible in the five
minutes allowed mo under the rules to notice
even briefly all of these objections. I shall
address myself for a few moments to the legal
objections that have been urged, because if
there is a legal or constitutional objection to
the attempt to equalize representation upon
this floor then of course we will abandon it,
and there is no occasion for discussing any
question of expediency.
My honorable friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoar] says, and he quotes the first clause
of the Constitution, that all legislation is vested
in Congress. That is true. But does he tell me
that the execution of all laws passed by Congress
is vestedin Congress? No,sir; Congress passes
all laws and devolves upon executive officers the
carrying of them into execution. That is all
that is proposed by the terms of this bill to vest
in the Secretary of the Interior, and it is no
new proposition, because this power has been
in existence and acted upon by the Secretary
under former laws.
Take the provisions of this bill and you find
it provides for a full enumeration of the inhab-
itants and returns of the same to the Interior
Department. It also provides the number
of members of which the next House of Rep-
resentatives shall be composed. Nothing at
all is left to the Secretary of the Interior when
these returns are made but to apportion to
each State its number of Representatives. It
only requires a reasonable knowledge of addi-
tion, multiplication, and division. If this is a
delegation of the legislative power provided
for in the first article of the Constitution, then
there is scarcely any act that we pass but what
is an equal delegation of power. And when
the honorable gentleman from Rhode Island
[Mr. Jenckes] talks about the magnitude of
this power I say to him it is a power that is
conferred upon the clerk of his committee every
time they have resolved upon any general prin-
ciple and directed their clerk to reduce it to
practical provisions. It is not, Mr. Chairman,
a delegation of legislative power. If the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes] and
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
had placed their objection on the ground that
it devolved upon the Secretary of the Interior
too much discretion in construing laws and
constitutional provisions that would be a fair
presentation of the question and a proper sub-
ject for debate. Every law is in its execution
the subject of construction by the executive
officers; but who ever before heard of this
being called the exercise of legislative power?
Shalt the question of expediency stand in the
way of doing exact justice to the people of this
country in relation to its representation upon
this floor? It is argued that there is no time
for the States to make the necessary regulations
for the purpose of carrying out this act. I do
not believe in any such proposition. That is a
question for each State to determine for itself.
It is sufficient for us and we have fully dis-
charged our duty when we have passed such
law^ as will enable the States to act. Let us
perform our duty, and make provision for the
distribution of Representatives under the pro-
visions of the Constitution and the census taken
under it, and thus let it rest with each State to
say whether it will avail itself of the advantages
the new apportionment would give them. A
majority of this committee may vote down the
proposition we advocate; still the absolute jus-
tice of it has not been and cannot be contro-
verted—justice to that portion of the country
where the population has been increased.
The gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
Jenckes] says that we must continue in the
old track, and because a full decade has here-
tofore occurred between the times of making
an apportionment we should wait for the expi-
ration of ten years before we have the principle
of equality as applied to the representation
in this House. It may be very comfortable
for the gentleman from Rhode Island to have
two Senators and two members of this House
from a State with a population less than that
which I represent, but is it justice? The Sen-
ators are his by the Constitution, and to that
we do not object; but we do think that he
ought to give us our fair share of power in
these Halls. Usage is not law in this matter,
and no matter what our forefathers may have
done it is our duty to do exact justice to the
populations of the present time. The West,
whose business interests are as great as those
of any other portion of the Union, and which
require as much protection upon this floor as
any other, demands that this appointment
should be made at the earliest day possible,
and it has been shown in this debate that it
may be applied to the coming Forty-Second
Congress. How long are we to be kept in the
condition of wards ? The new States feel their
manhood and believe that guardianship should
cease.
Now, sir, for one, as a Representative of a
growing and thriving community whose busi-
ness interests require care and protection and
defense—more so even than the old-settled
communities—I demand, if it is legal and con-
stitutional, that you shall give us the repre-
sentation without delay to which we are under
the laws and Constitution entitled. And that
there is no legal or constitutional objection to
this act I believe, Mr. Chairman, this debate
has demonstrated.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
