124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
REMOVAL Of DISABILITIES.
The committee rose informally, when Mr.
Horace Porter, Private Secretary ofthe Presi-
dent of the United States, presented a message
announcing that the President had this day
approved and signed a bill (H. Ii. No. 331)
entitled "An act to relieve certain persons
therein named from the legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amendment
ofthe Constitution, and for other purposes."
NINTH CENSUS.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union resumed its cession.
Mr. GARBTELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
it will be seen by the following table that in 1860
there were in fourteen States 726,635 people to
whom the right of suffrage was denied in conse-
quence of color or race; and the aggregate
number has increased since that time :
Colored population in 1860.
Connecticut  8,627
California    4,086
Delaware  21,627
Illinois  7,628
Indiana  11,428
Kansas  627
Kentucky  236,177
Maryland  171,131
Michigan  6,799
Missouri. 118,503
!Xew Jersey  25,336
Ohio  36,673
Pennsylvania  56,849
West Virginia .JC  21,144
Total  726,635
If the fifteenth constitutional amendment
should not prevail the representative basse of
all these States will be proportionately reduced.
If we should adjust the apportionment before
the fifteenth amendment prevails, then when it
does prevail all the States entitled to an in-
crease under the fifteenth amendment will be
deprived of that increase during the whole of
the coming ten years.
I wish to make only a single remark further.
1 hope the House will consent to strike out all
lhe sections on this subject that they may
be included in a separate bill. I yield the
remainder of my time to my colleague, [Mr.
Bingham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Equality, Mr. Chairman,
is justice ; and for the first time I have heard
announced in this House the argument—no, it
is not an argument—the statement that justice,
to establish which the Constitution was ordained,
is unconstitutional. I stated yesterday, and no
man has dared to gainsay it, that the people of
the United States have enjoined upon this Con-
gress by an amendment to the Constitution the
duly of doing justice among all the people of
this country; and for the first time there has
been inserted in the Constitution a provision
that—
" Representatives shall bo apportioned among the
several States according to their respective numbers,
counting the whole number of persons in each State,
excluding Indians not taxed."'
Gentlemen propose to postpone for three
years the execution of this provision, under the
pretense that it is unconstitutional to allow
Representatives in the Forty-Second Congress
to the two fifths, heretofore uncounted, of the
four million slaves now emancipated—now citi-
zen-freemen; that it is unconstitutional to
allow representation in the next Congress to
the eight million additional freemen of this
country in the great valley of the West not now
represented in your apportionment. When the
gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes]
tells me that we are delegating the legislative
power I dispatch at once the assertion by
telling him in return that he delegates the
legislative power when he proposes to say to
the enumerators " You shall determine finally
the whole number of the people." That is my
answer, and that is the end of his argument.
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman allow
me to answer the point he has just made?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; I have not time.
One word more. The provision for the appor-
tionment of Representatives amon^ the people
is a distinct clause of the Constitution and has
nothing whatever to do with the succeeding
clause. It has been more than once asserted
by the legislative authority of this nation that
it can review the apportionment within the
decade which is talked about here. The enum-
eration is to be made within every ten years ;
but no Congress is to be prevented by the action
of any preceding Congress from remedying any
act of injustice affecting the right of a free peo-
ple to representation. How otherwise do you
dispose of that intervening legislation which
gave additional representation to Illinois?
How do you dispose of that intervening legis-
lation which gave additional Representatives
to South Carolina? How do you dispose of that
intervening legislation which gave additional
representation to California and Illinois?
There is no constitutional obstacle in the
way, and I trust that the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Coburn] will withdraw his amend-
ment, and the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Loughridge] will withdraw his amendment,
because we are all bound by the Constitution
in that behalf to see that the States shall have
their equal rights, and all of the people of all
of the States shall have their equal rights of
representation. Let us have a direct vote on
the question whether this Congress shall apply
the new provision of the Constitution on the
incoming census to the Forty-Second Congress
of the United States. There is no delegation
of legislative authority to the Secretary of the
Interior proposed. It is an easy thing for the
Congress of the United States to take a recess
until September, if they shall see fit, to review
the return of the Secretary of the Interior,
which is a mere matter of calculation, and it
will not require them three days to pass on it.
There is, 1 repeat, no constitutional obstacle in
the way. Let the people be represented. I
trust the gentleman's amendment will prevail
and the others be withdrawn.
Mr. COBURN. I withdraw my amendment
so that there may be a direct vote on the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Illinois.
The question then recurred on Mr. Judd's
amendment.
Mr. ALLISON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Judd aud,
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 55, noes 90.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read section twenty-three, as follows :
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the 3d day of March, 1873, the House of Repre-
sentatives shall be composed of members, to be
apportioned among the several States in the manner
directed in the next section of this act.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I now move, in accordance with the suggestion
I made yesterday, that this section be stricken
out. It that be done I shall move that the
next section shall also be stricken out; not
because of any opposition to the provisions of
these sections, but because from the decided
vote which the House has just given it seems
to me that it would be wiser to leave the whole
matter of apportionment out of this bill; and
the committee can, and I am sure that they will
report a bill on the whole subject, to be dis-
cussed in connection with a bill which is to be
introduced to regulate the time of holding the
elections of members of Congress, all of which
will make a proper bill by itself. I do this
also for the purpose of hastening through the
pending bill. If this motion shall prevail we
can pass the bill to-day. If it shall not prevail
there is so large a field of debate opening on
these sections that it seems to me the prospcct
will be hopeless of getting the bill through
before the holidays.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that the succeed-
__g sections of this bill will not be stricken
out, for the reason that the bill reported, as I
understand it, unanimously by the Committee
on the Census did incorporate and does in-
corporate in its text the provision for which I
have been contending for this morning, that
the apportiontment shall be made upon the
basis of the whole population as returned by this
census, and that the calculation shall be made
and reported by the Secretary of the Interior,
making up his calculation according to the
whole number of Representatives which shall
be fixed by the bill when the blanks have been
filled.
Mr. HALDEMAN. The gentleman has
stated that the Committee on the Ninth Census
has unanimously reported this bill. Now, as a
member oYthat committee, I desire to say that
I was always opposed to embracing these sec-
tions in reference to apportionment.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman has the
right to the correction, but there was nothing
in the report which gave me to understand any-
thing else.
There is a suggestion which I consider im-
portant. The gentleman says there can be
another bill; and, for anything that appears,
there may be another bill to be reported to
apportion Representatives. It may be another
bill that will disregard the requirements of the
Constitution as it stands amended this day by
the voice of the American people. It may be '
another bill that will base representation upon
a partial enumeration of the people, according
to the old and deficient census. I hope the
House will not strike out the section. 1 think
the committee did about the best thing they
accomplished from the beginning of their work
to the end of it when they recognized this
principle and incorporated it in their bill.
Instead of striking it out let us amend it if
necessary. If the House will not carry out the
whole requirement of the Constitution this
session let them adopt it as far as it goes and
finish it at an adjourned session. I desire to
have the whole people represented in the
Forty-Second Congress. 1 think it is danger-
ous, I know it is unjust, to disfranchise ten
million freemen in this country for three years
under the pretense that the Constitution does
not enable us to give the people their rights.
Inch by inch I shall dispute the groundwith the
gentlemen who would allow this state of things.
I hope the section will not be stricken out.
The question being taken on the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to
strike out the section, there were—ayes 91,
noes 52.
So the section was stricken out.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted. That so soon as
the nest enumeration of the inhabitants of the sev-
i eral States directed by the Constitution of the United
States to be taken shall be completed and returned
. to the office of the Department of the Interior it
shall be the duty ofthe Secretary of the Interior to
ascertain therefrom the aggregate representative
population of the United States, by counting the
whole number of persons in each State, excluding
Indians not taxed; but when the right to vote at any
election for the choice of electors for President and
Vice President of the United States, Representatives
m Congress, the executive and judicial officers of a
State, or the members of the Legislature thereof, is
denied to any of the male inhabitants of such State
being twenty-one years of age and citizens of the
United States, or in any way abridged except for
participation in rebellion or other crime, he shall
reduce the basis of representation therein in the
proportion which the number of such male citizens
shall bear to the whole_ number of male citizens
twenty-one years of ago in such State; and it shall
be his duty to thus ascertain the aggregate repre-
sentative population of the United States; which
aggregate population he shall divide ; and the
product of such division, rejecting any fraction of a
unit, if any such happen to remain, shall be the ratio
or rule ol apportionment of Representatives among
the several States under such enumeration ; and the
said Secretary of the Department of the Interior
shall then proceed in the same manner to ascertain
the representative population of each State, and to
divide the whole number ofthe representative popu-
lation of each State by the ratio already determined
by himas above directed; and the product of this
last division shall be the number of Representatives
apportioned to such State under the enumeration
provided for in this act: Provided, That the loss in
the number of members caused by the fractions re-
maining in the several States on the division of the
population thereof shall be compensated for by as-
signing to so many States having the largest fractions
