2380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
But wo must have revenue, The necessities
of the Government demand it, and if we cut
off this §10,000,000 wo must raise it from ssu ..ie
other source.
Now, what does.that $10,000,000 amount
to? Twenty-five c^nts per capita for the en-
tire population of the country, or half a cent
per week for each person in the United States.
It is hot a Very oppressive tax. It is not one-
which is robbing the people, as gentlemen
would intimate. It is aa easily borne as any
other tax which will raise $10,000,000 from
the people, and it is as equally and equitably
adjusted. I believe that an ad valorem, tax is
the fairest tax under all the circumstances, if
it is practicable; but iti this case I do not
think any good end would bo attained by
adopting it in preference to the one which the
committee has reported. Ill my judgment,
gentlemen on this side of the House who are
attempting to strike off this duty on tea are
playing into the hands of those they are pro-
fessing to Oppose, for it is a revenue tax
equally distributed, paid by all classes, and
every dollar of which goes into the Treasury
of the United States. It discriminates against
nobody, and it is as just and equal as any tax
that can be laid.
I shall support the reduction of this tax pro-
posed by the Comuiitt.ee of Ways and Means,
because i believe that no revenue will bo lost by
thai means. Now, although the revenue from
tea and coffee i.s important to the country, and [
would like to seethe people relieved from this
burden if possible, still, after mature consider-
ation, I am satisfied there are no articles from
which we can derive the same amount of rev-
enue, which shall at the same time be less oppres-
sive to the people and more equally adjusted
upon the people in accordance with their means
and resources. Now, ifitis the object of gentle-
men to strike at all taxation, it they are op-
posed to any tariff at all, then let them .say so
and strike at the means by which we obtain
our revenue. But if gentlemen moan to raise
the revenue, which the Government must have,
then I can say to them that this tariff on tea
is strictly a revenue tariff, as little oppressive
to the people of the West, and as equally dis-
tributed throughout the entire country, as any
tax that can be laid. On coffee 1 will support
even a greater reduction than that proposed by
the committee. The cheapening of this article
will greatly increase the consumption, and thus
justice can be done to the people without loss
of revenue or any injury to the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Mr. Chairman,
I desire (o say-
Mr. INGEItSOLL. Will the gentleman
let me ask a question of my colleague [Mr.
Mausxiali.] at this time ?
Mr. CLARICE, of Kansas, t have but five
minutes.
Mr. INGEItSOLL. I waut to make this
inquiry of my colleague: although it may be
necessary to raise a large sum for revenue
purposes, is it necessary to tax twenty cent
tea the same as one-dollar tea?
Mr. CLARKE,of Kansas. Mr. Chairman,
I rise for the purpose of opposing the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ixguiisoll] and to favor the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Loi'cur.iuoc.] In the general debate which
has taken place on this bill it has been gen-
erally admitted that we must obtain from our
foieign imports a sufficient amountof revenue
to pay the interest on the public debt and to
provide for the sinking fund. The question
then is on what ai tides shall this sum be raised.
Shall our tariff bo equitable and just to all
classes and to all interests, or shall it foster
special interests as against the rights and inter-
ests of the masses of the people? While I am
not opposed to the principle of protection on
some articles, where a monopoly is not created
thereby and injustice done to the people, I am
generally in favor of a tariff for revenue pur-
poses, as I believe it to be more in consonance
with the spirit of our republican institutions
and bettor adapted to the wants of a great and
growing country like ours.
The present tariff is, in my judgment, too
high generally, and is partial to some interests
and unjust to others. Tho bill now under dis-
cussion is but little better in this respect,
though it provides for ft general reduction of
$20,000,000. I do not believe that any harm
would come to the country if we reduce the
revenue $50,000,000; and I am in favor of
commencing the reduction on tea and coffee by
placing them on the free list; and hence I shall
favor the amendment of tho gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Louonitipsis.] The articles of tea
and coffee arc articles of common use and
common necessity, and add largely to the com-
fort of all classes of our people.
Tho tax of 20 cents per pound on ten, as pro-
posed in this bill, is a tax which the laboring
peopte cannot afford to pay. I know it is said
that it can be mora easily paid than any other
tax. On the contrary, 1 believe it absolutely
oppressive to those who labor for their daily
support, those who deserve the special favor of
the Government,, if, indeed, it be ever correct
as a principle to legislate in favor of special
interests, or for the benefit of any particular
class. Sure I am, sir, that it is always safe to
keep in view the general cood, and to consult
tho paramount interest of tho greatest number.
Lot this reduction of tho tax oti tea and coffee
bo the commencment of the general application
the principle to bo applied to all parts of the
bill now under consideration. Let us raise
our revenue on (he importations of luxury, and
not on the articles necessary to common life.
Lot us legislate for tho whole country, and for
all its interests, and not for sections, or for
States, or for monopolies and corporations,
whoareabloto crowd the lobbies of this Capitol
and to delay the action of committees for many
months by their Appeals for partial and pre-
scriptive legislation, and who would use tho
power of tho Government for tho' benefit of
the few at the expense of the many.
While I would not by'atiy Vote Of mine on
the general tariff question bring the labor of
this country down to the level of the cheap
labor of European countries, yet, sir, I would
protect the masses of tho people from every
principle and system of oppressive legislation,
and every scheme of monopoly and injustice.
The voice of the humblest laborer in the land
oiifjht to bo at least as potent in this Hall, and
betore your committees, as tho pleas of the
corporation attorneys in behalf of special legis-
lation for their employers. In tho tariff bill,
as iu the internal revenue system, wo should
aim at as perfect equality Of taxation as possi-
ble, and strike down every distinction between
all competitive industries. Tn this way only
can free government in its highest sense be
preserved to the people.
[Hpre the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Tho time allowed by
order of the House for debate upon the pend-
ing paragraph has expired.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will it be in order to
move other amendments to the pending para-
graph should the amendments now pending be
rejected?
The CHAIRMAN, It will; but no further
debate will be in order. The first question will
be upon the amendment moved by the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Lougjiridgg.]
The amendment was to add to the paragraph
concerning the duty on tea the following :
Provided, That tea, when imported dircct from t.he
country of its growth or production in American ves-
sels or in foreign vessels entitled by reciprocal trea-
ties to bo exempt irom discriminating duties, ton-
nage and other charges, Khali bo admitted free of
duty.
Tho questio'n was taken, and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes eight, noes not counted.'
The amendment was not agreed to.
The neit question was upon the following
substitute, moved' by Mr. IiraEitsoLi,, for the
pending paragraph:
On all teas valued at 30 conts and not exceeding
60 cents per pound, 20 eonts pet pound; on all teas
valued at 60 oents por pound and upward, 35 oenta
per pound; and all teas valued at less than 30 cents
per pound free of duty.
The question was taken; and thb amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. _ I now move to amend
the paragraph by striking out "20" and in-
serting "16," so that it will read, "oil teas
of all kinds, 15 cents per pound."
The question was token; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 12, noes 50; no quorum
voting
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Steveksojj
and Mr. Soiienck were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that thero were—ayes 26, noes 87.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
No further amendment was proposed to the
paragraph.
The next clause Was read, as follows :
On coffeo of all kind. 4 eonts per pound.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I move to
st ri ke o u t the clause just read. I suppose that the
able Committee of Ways and Means have dis-
tributed this tariff in the best possible manner,
as they think, so as to produce tho revenue re-
quired by tho Government. Whether they have
really dono so L am not ablo to say, but I pre-
sume they have done so according to the informa-
tion in their possession. But I desire to say that
in my judgment the true principle of imposing a
tariff duty is, first, for the purposes of revenue;
and second, to so distribute it as to protect
those interests which it is practicable for tho
people of this country to pursue so far as that
can bo dono without oppressing any class of
tho people. This is, as I conceive, an article
of necessity in this country. It is consumed
by all classes of people. In my judgment
nothing is more necessary. Hence to remit
entirely this duty and place coffee upon the
free list will be doing a favor to the people of
the coantly. I ought, perhaps, to explain that
if this amendment, be adopted I shall, when
Wo reach the proper point, move to place coffee
ou the free list.
But, Mr. Chairman, I make this motion for
an ulterior object; and I propose to state that
object precisely. As I understand, the com-
mittee proposes to raise §10,000,000 of rev-
enue upon this article of coffee alone. In the
eight months ending August 31, 1869, 167,000,-
000 pounds or a little more of coffee were
imported into this country. Assuming the im-
portations during the remaining four months
of the year to have been at the same rate,
250,000,000 pounds were imported during the
year, which at a duty of i cents per pound
would produce $10,000,000.
I take it, Mr. Chairman, that if tho people
of this country are to pay a certain sum per
head upon the necessaries of life for the sup-
port ot this Government, and this amount is
to be raised upon two articles, it is all the same
to them whether it bo raised upon one or both
articles. Now, what I propose is to place coffee
ujion the free list and to raise, by an increase
of the tariff on sugar, tho amount of revenue
which the committee propose to raise on coffee.
It will be found thatin 1809 weimported nearly
1,500,000,000 pounds of brown sugar. By
increasing the duty upOn brown sugar to XS
per cent, instead of 2 per cent, we can raise
$7,500,000; aud by an increase of^ percent,
upon the other qualities of sugar an addi-
tional $2,500,000 can be raised ; snaking just
$10,000,000, the sum proposed to be raised by
the duty upon coffee. Both coffce and sugar
are necessaries of life; but I hold that the
adjustment Of duty which I propose would be
fair to the revenue and fair tj the people,
while at the same time it would do much toward
sustaining and protecting a very important in-
terest in this country which is at this moment
