1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2881
very much depressed from circumstances grow-
ing out of the war.
Mr. BROOKS, ofNewYork. I suggest to the
gentleman from Louisiana that if we adopt his
amendment, and strike out the clause of this
bill proposing a duty of 4 cents on coffee, we
in effect continue the duty levied by the pres-
ent law, whieli is 5 cents.
Mr. SCHENCIC, Certainly, The effect is
to continue the present rate of duty. I sup-
pose that ia what the gentleman from Louisi-
ana desires.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Not at all.
I have expressly stated that I propose that
coffee shall be placed on the free list when we
reach the proper point.
Mr. LO UGHRIDGE. As a substitute for
the pending amendment, I move to strike out
line ten of the bill and insert in lieu thereof
" from and after the passage of this act coffee
shall be admitted free of duty."
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to call the at-
tention of the committee again to the fact that
we are not really reducing the revenue on these
articles, tea and coffee. We reduce the rate
of duty, but we do not reduce substantially
the amount of revenue. A table called appen-
dix I, prepared by the Bureau of Statistics for
the special Commissioner of the Revenue, and
stating the amount of consumption of imported
articles for the years 1807,1868,and 1869, shows
the amount of coffee consumed in those years.
In 1867 the amount was something over 172,-
000,000 pounds; in 1868,212,000,000 pounds ;
in 1869, 230,000,000 pounds ; showing a con-
stant increase in the consumption.
The same thing is true as to tea. In 18U7
the amount of tea consumed was 31,000,000
pounds ; in 1S68, 37,000,000 pounds; in 1809,
89,000,000 pounds. In two years from this
date—and as I understand we are now hoping
by this bill to do something pcimimenl m the
way of tariff legislation—the revenue fiom these
sources will be considerably greater than it is
now. The consumption of these articles is
constantly increasing. As the country becomes
more civilized and more Republican the peo-
ple quit drinking whisky, and drink lea and
coffee instead. [Laughter.] The South is
using, and will constantly use, more tea and
coffee. Thefreedmen, unable in times past to
get a smell of these delicious drinks except
through the back door of the kitcho, will now
use them more and more. The opening of
railroads, the spread of civilization, increases
the use of these articles. You are really de-
luding the people if you tell tliemthat you are
decreasing the burden on them by reducing the
amount to be collected from tea and coffee.
You propose really to collect a-s much as you
have collected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I would like to
ask the gentleman a question. I!', as he says,
tea and coffee are taking the place of whisky,
will it not be necessary to increase the duty on
tea and coffee to make up for the loss of rev-
enue on whisky? [Laughter.]
Mr. STEYENSON. Whisky, as the gen-
tleman very well knows, is an article of ex-
port. We can export our surplus and derive
revenue in that way. But there is no immedi-
ate danger the people will wholly abandon the
Democratic party or whisky either. [Laugh ter. ]
So there will be no great difficulty there.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 move to amend the
amendment by striking it out and inserting
" from and after this date the duty on coffee
shall be 4 cents per pound."
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I rise to a question
of order. I understood the gentleman from
Louisiana moved an amendment to which I
proposed a substitute, and I make the point
of order the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Ohio cannot be received.
Mr. SCHENCK. I can amend the substi-
tute.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opin-
ion that the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio is in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the amendment,
because if the substitute is to come in I wish it
to come in just in this way.
Mr. Chairman, a good deal has been said on
the subject of the duty on tea which is kindred
to the subject of the duty on coffee, and which
renders it tinnecessary to extend our remarks
on the item now under consideration. This,
like that, is almost purely a revenue tax. At
this time coffee, that is during the last year,
has produced $11,540,782,beingnearly $2,000, -
000 more than the duty on tea has produced.
We propose in the case of coffee, as in the case
of tea, to take 20 per cent, off; that is, to take
off $2,380,000, which will reduce the revenue
on coffee to a little over $9,000,000. Wedo this
not because we are anxious to impose a tax
on tea or coffee. I shall be glad to see the
time come when there will be no necessity for
a tax on either of those articles ; but this is not
the timo. These are two staple articles on
which wo need to raise revenue to pay the
interest on the public debt and keep up our
credit among the nations of the earth.
Gentlemen say it was levied in 1801 at this
rate as a war tax. That is very true, and it is
continued as a war tax, because by the war we
contracted a very large debt, the interest of
which we have to meet and the principal of
which we must eventually or gradually pay.
We suppose, not being in the midst of war,
and a portion of the debt being already paid,
we may gradually reduce our resources by
lightening the burden on the people, and as
the debt came down, so should the tax come
down. But gentlemen are not satislied with
that. Notwithstanding the large debt con-
tracted by the war they want to go back to
what it was before the debt was contracted.
The committee believe as the debt decreases
so should the tax decrease, and we recom-
mend 20 per cent, be taken oil' the duty on
coffee as well as off the duty on tea. it is
possible in a few years, perhaps next year, to
take off another bit, and then another bit,
until wo come back to the condition of ante
htUum times. But it is idle to say these were
war taxes and they must be all taken off when
the war closed, as if the war had entailed no
burden. Wo have a debt to be paid and a
credit to be kept up, so we may hereafter be
able to defend the country in case of another
war.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
tho amendment to the amendment, of the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. LOUGIIXUDGE. 1 renew it for the
purpose of submitting a few observations. I
offered the proposition to take off all duty on
coffee, and I regret to say I have no expecta-
tion that it will carry. The vote on my amend-
ment to admit tea duty free shows the House
does not intend to do anything of the kind.
My own impression is that whatever reduction
there may be of taxes will be in favor of the
wealth of the country and in favor of capital,
instead of in favor of the poor men and the
interest of labor. I do not think I am wrong
in this impression. I believe I am correct from
what I have already seen. It would not sur-
prise me in the least to see the income tax
entirely abolished. I think the wealth of the
country will be relieved from the payment of
that tax.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman let me ask
him a question?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. With pleasure.
Mr. KERR. We have to determine, each
according to his own idea of the matter, as to
the manner of distributing this tax. The gen-
tleman from Iowa proposes to take off the duty
on coffee. Now where does he propose to im-
pose it? On what other articles would he
impose it in order that the necessary amount
of revenue may he raised?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE, The tax on tea and
coffce only amounts to some $20,000,000.
Mr. KERR. I am speaking now of the tax
on coffee.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. The tax on tea and
coffee amounts to about §20,000,000. Now,
according to the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, the estimate of the receipts over
the expenditures of the Government ia about
$102,000,000.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. We
cannot .hear the gentleman on this side of the
House.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Then I will speak
louder.
Now, Mr. Chairman, what I desire to say
is this, that the Secretary of the Treasury esti-
mates that our receipts will exoeed our expend-
ditures about $102,000,000. That being so, then
we can reduce this tariff at least $50,000,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means pro-
pose to reduce the internal revenue taxation
§80,000,000, and the tariff $20,000,000. I pre-
fer to reduce the tariff $50,000,000, and the
internal revenue not more than $10,000,000 or
$15,000,000, taking away a few of the most
odious items. I think that the bulk of tho
reduction should be on the articles of tea and
coffee. And I was sorry to see my friends on
the other side of the House belonging to the
Democratic party, who claim par excellence to
be the friends of the poor man, come up and
vote in a solid phalanx against abolishing tho
tax on tea. I do not believe there was a single
Democrat who voted to put tea on the free list.
Mr. STEYENSON. There were one or two.
Mr. McNEELY. I voted to take off the
entire tax on tea.
Mr. LO UGHRIDGE. I do not expect this
proposition of mine to put coffee on the free
list to carry. I wish that it could carry. 1
wish that 1 could say to the workingmen of
the country that from this time henceforth they
could have free breakfasts. But I suppose the
Democrats will vote against this proposition,
as they voted against removing the duty from
tea.
Mr. COX. In reply to whut has fallen from
the gentleman from. Iowa, I beg to say, as one
of the Democrats who voted to sustain this bill
reported by a Republican committee—I beg to
say that the gentlemen on this side of the House
have not been playing the de'magogu« on this
subject. I speak plainly. I mean to say that
when the gentleman from Iowa undertakes to
cut down the tax on sugar or coffee or tea, or
to put those articles on the free list, if lie un-
derstands what he is about, he deliberately goes
to work (o raise the taxes on all the woolens
and cotton and lumber and iron manufactures
that the people of Iowa require to use.
Mr. DAWES. Is that the object, of your
friend from Illinois, [Mr. McNeely?]
Mr. COX. I am discussing the position of
the gentlemen on the other side of the House.
I am not referring to the gentlemen on this
side. [Laughter.] The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has come over here,
but I do not recognize him as being on this
side of the House at all. [Laughter.] But I
have not yet got through the list. 1 say the
gentleman from Iowa goes to work to raise the
tax on all the plows and harrows and imple-
ments of husbandry used by the people in the
State of Iowa.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is a harrow-
ing subject.
Mr. COX. It would be found worse than
that if I could go a little further. The gentle-
man goes to work to raise the tax on all the
anvils of the blacksmith, and all tho adzes
and axes and chisels of the carpenter. And
along witli him goes the gentleman from Lou-
isiana, [Mr. Sheldon1,] who would put coffee
on the free list for the benefit_ot sugar. At .
the same time, if he will only cipher it out, lie
will see that by taking this_ course he will oiuy
be taxing the poor plantation negro the more
heavily on his hoe. And these gentlemen are
called the friends of humanity!
Mr. Chairman, letuslookiais matter squarely
