1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
one additional member each for its fraction, as may
be necessary to make the whole number of Repre-
sentatives: And provided aluo, That if, after the ap-
portionment of tile Representatives under the next
census, anew State or States shall be admitted into
the Union the Represi^atative or Representatives
a ssigned to sneh new State or States shall be in addi-
tion to the number of Representatives herein above
limited, which excess of Representatives over —  
shall only continuo until the next succeeding appor-
tionment of Representatives under the next suc-
ceeding census,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to
strike oat that section.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 desire to know of the
gentleman who prepared this bill whether or
not he proposes at the present session of Con-
gress to introduce a measure which shall pro-
vide for the apportionment of members among
the several States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do, most
decidedly, unless some other gentleman will
undertake it.
Mr. ALLISON. My meaning was, would
the committee propose such ameasure? Is this
bill to be followed up by another which shall
make immediate provision for apportionment?
Mr. BINGHAM. When?
Mr. ALLISON. If this is to be done dur-
ing the present session and immediately, then
it may be well enough to strike out these sec-
tions from the bill; but I submit to the gen-
tleman that it is not fair to leave the old law
of 1850 as it stands with reference to appor-
tionment. Nor is it afair proposition to leave
this question open till after the enumeration
of the several States shall have been taken.
The fairest way of dividing representation
among the several States is to adopt the plan
of apportionment before we know the exact
population of the several States, so that gen-
tlemen will vote upon a rule or a principle,
and not with reference to the particular inter-
est they may have in the State which they rep-
resent. Wherefore, if this is to be followed
by another measure for that purpose immedi-
ately I shall not oppose the striking out of
these sections. At the same time I believe
we should provide for the apportionment here
and now, and in this bill.
Mr. CLARKE. I propose to perfect the
section before the committee entertains the
question of striking it out. But in the first
place I desire to ask the gentleman who has
charge of this bill on behalf of the committee
if the striking out of the section and the sub-
sequent one does not leave the question open
as to the apportionment to be made by the
Legislatures of the several States, which was
mentioned early in this discussion? Suppose
that the twenty-fourth section of this bill is
stricken out, and suppose that Congress refuses
by the supplementary bill which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] proposes to intro-
duce to make the new arrangements contem-
plated, then would the matter stand upon the
basis of the old law, and would there be any-
thing in this law which would prevent the Legis-
latures of the several States from making the
apportionments? When the question was
raised the other day the gentleman from Ohio
very freely gave his opinion that this law pro-
hibited the Legislature from making appor-
tionments on the basis of the next census;
but he now proposes to strike out the very
section which had that effect. I want to know
how he gets over that difficulty ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will answer the
gentleman. If he will turn to the twenty-sixth
section of the bill as reported he will find a
clause there repealing the old law in regard to
the census and apportionment. Now, to make
that section correspond with what the House
has already done in striking out the section, it
will be necessary to adopt an amendment which
I am prepared to offer repealing only such
parts of the old law as refer to the taking of
the census, and not that part that changes the
basis of representation or apportionment, and
leave all that to be regulated by legislation
hereafter.
Mr. BINGHAM. When?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If gentlemen
prefer it we can leave in the section repealing
the entire law, which will compel some legis-
lation before there can be another apportion-
ment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to inquire whether
it would be in order to move that this section,
with the subsequent one, be- reported back to
the House with the recommendation that they
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary?
The CHAIRMAN. But one section can be
before the committee at one time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will make my inquiry,
then, with regard to this section. Would it be
in order to move that when the bill is reported
back to the House it be with the recommend-
ation that this section be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary? If it is, I will make
that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the
opinion that it is competent for the committee
to recommend to the House to refer any por-
tion of this bill to any committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. After the action which
the committee has just taken I will move
that when the bill is reported to the House it
be with the recommendation that this section
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WELKER. What will you do with the
bill?
Mr. MAYNARD. The bill will be reported
with other recommendations, of course. My
object is to lake this branch of tho bill out
from the bill and refer it to tho Committee on
the Judiciary, and leave with them the duty
of providing for an apportionment of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
The Committee of the Whole have no power
to make a reference of anything to a committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The'Chair understands
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee to
be that the Committee of the Whole recommend
to the House that this section be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. In the opin-
ion of the Chair that motion is in order, and it
takes precedence of the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. MAYNARD. My motion applies to the
scction now under consideration. J" will state
very frankly that my object is to have the whole
matter embraced in this scction and the pre-
ceding and subsequent ones referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary for their action,
as of course the Census Committee will be
fundus officio when this bill shall have been
disposed of".
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Do I understand
the Chair to decide that the Committee of the
Whole on tho state of the Union can vote to
refer a section of the bill to one of the standing
committees?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has not only
not so decided but the Chair has decided that
it cannot be done.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then what is
the motion?
The CHAIRMAN. It is that the Commit-
tee of the Whole recommend to the House that
this section be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary. All amendments adopted iu
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union are but recommendations to the House,
and this is but another recommendation to the
House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is anything in order here
except a motion to amend the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. Any recommendation
touching any particular section of the bill if
adopted by the committee will be by the Chair
reported to the House, and it will be for the
House to determine whether they will concur
with the committee.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Can we interrupt the
reading of the bill for amendments to pass
resolutions advising tho House to refer certain
matt ers to a committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. By the rules the bill
must be gone through with by sections before
this report will be made to the House. If the
committee shall adopt this motion it will be
only one of the recommendations of the com-
mittee.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a point of order.
I make the point that the proposition of the
gentleman from Tennessee amounts to the
striking out of this section. It is equivalent to
a recommendation that it be stricken opt. I
make the point, therefore, that a motion to
amend the section takes precedence of that
proposition. It is competent for the commit-
tee to perfect the section before the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee is voted on.
The CHAIRMAN. No motion is now pend-
ing to perfect the section. When a motion to
perfect the section shall be made by any mem-
ber the Chair will rule upon the question. The
pending motion is to strike out the section.
The ruling of the Chair is that the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Haynaed]
will take precedence of the motion to strike
out, for it is evident that if the section should
be stricken out it could not afterward be
referred to any committee. It is therefore
necessary that the motion of tho gentleman
from Tennessee shall take precedence of the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field.] For the same reason if the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] or any other
gentleman should move an amendment to per-
fect the section, then that motion will take
precedence of the motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee.
Mr. NIBLACK. The point I make is that
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee
is equivalent to a motion to strike out the sec-
tion. I desire to offer an amendment to the
section.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Niblack] makes a motion to
amend the section the Chair will rule that it
takes precedence of the motions of the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] and the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 move to amend this sec-
tion by striking out the words " excluding In-
dians not taxed." My reason for moving that
amendment is that if the so-called fourteenth
article of amendment to the Constitution
amounts to anything—a question about which
I confess I have some very grave doubts—those
words in our Constitution are rendered obso-
lete. That fourteenth article of amendment
provides that—
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof aro
citizens of the United States and of tho State wherein
they reside."
Now, if Indians are within the jurisdiction
of the United States then we must consider
them a portion of our population, and native
citizens, without reference to the question
whether they pay taxes or not. We cannot
longer treat them as a foreign people, or as for-
eign tribes assimilated somewhat to the people
of foreign nations, as we have been doing here-
tofore; but we must trea*, them as citizens of
the United States, entitled to all the privileges
of such citizens, ridiculors as it may seem to
have to do so.
I know the question arises, what is it that
places persons within the jurisdiction of the
United States? I take the gronnd that by a
proper construction of the fourteenth amend-
ment everybody residing within the territorial
limits of the United States who does not owe
allegiance to some foreign Power, or who under
the law of nations is a citizen of some foreign
nation, is within the jurisdiction of the United
States. But Indians do not owe any allegiance
to any foreign Power, and their tribal relations
are not recognized as national relations.
Mr. PAINE. I would ask the gentleman if
he has ever considered the bearing upon this
question of the following words in the second
section of the fourteenth amendment?
" Representatives shall be apportioned among the
several States according to their rcspeetivenumbers,
counting the whole number of persons in each State,
excluding Indians not taxed."
