1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
4263
aware that in almost all our western States
the rights of citizenship, so far as the exercise
of theelective franchise is concerned, are vested
in aliens after a period of two, two and a half,
and throe years from the time of their first
coming to this country, and that the constitu-
tions of our States provide for that State citi-
zenship?
Mr. WARD. I ara aware that the time
required by various States for the admission
of foreigners to the right of suffrage varies.
Some States require a longer, some a shorter
period. But it seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that
the time for naturalization established sixty-
eight years ago, and which has remained the
law of the land from 1802 down to this day,
has bean shown by experience to be a very
proper period. For a man wholly unacquainted
with our institutions, with our system of gov-
ernment, coming from another country hero,
to become so far acquainted with these insti-
tutions, so far accustomed to those duties which
should pertain to a citizen as to enable him to
cast an intelligent ballot,, I believe that this
time is not too short. I have no sympathy
with the prescriptive policy which should keep
the foreigner here a long period of years taxing
him, white we call upon him to discharge the
burdens of Government and excluding him
from participation in its privileges. But I do
believe that a reasonable time such as has been
established by law for nearly seventy years,
and which has met the approval of good men
of all parties during that time, should not be
abridged.
I believe, sir, that this right of citizenship
is a high privilege, the highest that can be
conferred upon any man. The man who leaves
the fatherland of Germany, who leaves the
Emerald Isle, who comes from any of the con-
tinental States of Europe to take part in this
Government and become one of its support-
ers, comes here to assume a great privilege
and to have a great, right; and if that, privilege
becomes cheapened, if it can be easily got, if
it can be fraudulently secured, if it can be
hawked about in the markets as naturaliza-
tion certificates have been during the last few
years in the markets of Europe for two dol-
lars apiece, if the privilege becomes so cheap-
ened that it will be treated with no respect in
the courts of Europe, if it carries no protec-
tion to the foreigner naturalized here who goes
abroad and returns to his native land, if it
becomes so cheap that it is indeed a matter of
reproach rather than of honor, then, sir, the
foreigner has secured no blessing, he has
secured no privilege, and the paper upon which
is written his naturalization certificate is mere
waste paper to him.
When it comes to this, that seventy thousand
fraudulent naturalization papers can be issued
in a single year in a single city; when itcoines
to this, that hundreds of thousands of fraudulent
naturalization papers can be scattered all over
the country and frauduently used to vote on ;
when it comes to this, that those fraudulent
papers go abroad into all the markets of Europe,
to be sold for the merest pittance and to be
used by all sorts of adventurers as a means of
protection to them—I say when naturalization
and naturalization privileges become reduced
to this low ebb, the men in this country who are
the most interested^ in giving it character and
respectability, who are interested in making it
a real security to those who obtain it. are these
very foreigners, who come, thank God, from all
lands underthe sun to enjoy the blessings of our
Government and aid us in discharging the
duties of citizenship.
What I would say is, make it respectable;
surround, your courts with those guarantees
that shall stop the avenues to fraud, that shall
close the sluice-ways of crime, and let it be
understood that when Our German friends go
back to Germany and our Irish friends go
back to Ireland they carry with them the
proud title of American citizens, and that our
courts have so guarantied them that right that
fraudulent papers shall not come in competi-
tion with theirs, and those holding them assert
with them equality wherever they seek the pro-
tection of the American Government.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this is no party question.
Iaskthe attention of my Democratic colleagues
on the other side of the House, because this
subject perhaps affects our State at the present,
time more than any other. I say to them that
this is not a question of to-day merely ; it is
not aquestion of party; it transcends all party
questions ; it reaches the very foundations of
the Government. This is a Government of
the ballot-box, and if the ballot-box is in the
hands of the people, then, sir, the ballot-box is
the reflection of the people's will, and you have
a free Government. But if your ballot-box is
a reflection of fraud, if unscrupulous and dis-
honest men can make combinations to stuff
the ballot-box, can make combinations to count
any vole they may see fit, can make such com-
binations that you and I will feel that what-
ever we may do, however we may act, whatever
labor we may do with the people, it is all vain,
that however many hundreds or thousands or
hundreds of thousands of ballots may be hon-
estly and actually deposited it will all be in
vain, if some clique, or cabal, or gathering of
men in some dark place by buying up inspect-
ors or controlling public ollicers can count out
any result they please—then I say to you, my
colleagues, that while you may be benefited by
it for a time, your Government and my Gov-
ernment is at an end and your liberty and my
liberty is dead.
My colleague [Mr. Sciiumaiceu] asks me how
we are going to prevent this by a naturalization
bill? I thank the gentleman for the inquiry.
1 am obliged to refer, in answering that ques-
tion, to certain statistics, and I desire t,o say
that in referring to those statistics f do it with
no party feeling and without any party ani-
mosity. My colleague is aware that in 1868 wo
had an election in the State of New York for
President and Vice President of the United
States, and for State officers, and for members
of Congress. Immediately prior to that, elec-
tion in 1868 there were forty-one thousand one
hundred and twelve naturalizations. 1 will fur-
ther say to him that the annual average num-
ber naturalized in the city of New Yoik from
1856 to 1867, inclusive, was nine thousand two
hundred and five. Now, T will give him the
naturalizations in 1S30, in 1800, in 1801, and
in 1806.
The gentleman will remember that in 1856,*
I860, and 1861 there were presidential elec-
tions where party feeling was wrought up to
the highest tension, and in I860 there was an
exceedingly exciting election in our State for |
Governor, when the policy of Sir. Johnson was
considered by the people and the action of
Representatives in Congress was reviewed.
Now, let me call the attention of my col
league to some figures. In 1856 there were
sixteen thousand four hundred and ninety-
three naturalizations; in 1800 there were only
thirteen thousand five hundred and fifty-six
naturalizations; in 18G1 there were twelve
thousand one hundred and seventy naturaliza-
tions; in 1866, only two years prior to 1868,
and ata very exciting election, when the entire
vote of the State was developed, there were
only thirteen thousand and twenty-three nat-
uralizations ; and in 1808, when the sluice-
gates were opened and the infamous conspira-
cies of Tammany Hall culminated in the over-
throw of the elective franchise in the State of
New York, and defrauded Grant and Colfax
of the vote of the State for President and Vice
President, and John' A. Gktmvou) of its vote
for Governor, there were forty-one thousand
one hundred and twelve naturalizations in New
York city.
Now, 1 will go a little further, if my col-
league will permit me. I want to give you the
history of those foity-onc thousand one hun-
dred anu twelve naturalizations. Judge Bar-
nard, in the supreme court of the city of Kew
York, from October 8 to October 20, 1868, in-
clusive, naturalized ten thousand and seventy,
or an average of seven hundred and eleven
daily. On the 19lh of October he naturalized
nine hundred and fifty-five persons, or forty
an hour for the whole twenty-four hours, or a
minute and a half for eaeh person, provided
he spent the whole twenty-four hours of the
day at the work without sleeping or eating;
eighty in an hour for twelve hours, or more
than one a minute; one hundred and sixty an
hour for six hours, the usual length of a daily
session of court, or nearly three cases a min-
ute for the whole six hours.
And let me remark here, that the evidenco
before the committee, of which Hon. Mr.
Lawkexce was chairman, and of which my
friend, thegentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,} was a member, as were also thegen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. Blaiu,] the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Keiir,] and other
prominent gentlemen of this House—the evi-
dence reported by that committee shows that
Judge Barnard, who made so many naturaliza-
tions in the supreme court, did not occupy
over three and a half hours a day.
Now, I wish to call the attention of my col-
league [Mr. Schcmakeh] to the superior court
of New York city. From October 1 to October
23 inclusive, twenty-throe days in all, there were
naturalized in the superior court twenty-six
thousand two hundred and ninety-one persons,
or eleven hundred and forty-seven each day on
an average. Now, there were two judges in
this court, Judge McCunn and, I believe, Judge
Garvin. Judge McCunn naturalized the most
of those persons. Mind you, gentlemen, these
two judges naturalized daily eleven hundred
and forty-seven persons for a period of I wenty-
three days. Now, how did they naturalize that,
large number daily? They were brought in in
groups and in platoons; they swore in anybody
and everybody that came along ; and whenever
they got through swearing them they natural-
ized all in the room ; and for fear some one
might watch and report upon them all the
newspaper reporters were turned out of the
room.
How did they get the witnesses for all these
persons? I will answer. In the supreme court,
for fourteen days, twenty-one persons wit-
nessed twenty-three hundred and seventy-nine
natuialization papers. They must have had a
very general and extensive acquaintance. Iu
the superior court, for twenty-four days, thirty-
seven persons witnessed twenty-three hundred
and seventy-nine papers. Did you ever hear
ofpersons having such extensive acquaintance?
They swore that they had known all these par-
ties tor five vears.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. Did not the Repub-
licans get out fraudulent naturalization pap<*rs?
Mr. WARD. I am not aware that they did.
But if they did. it does not strengthen the case
against this bill. If the Republicans it-sued
fraudulent papers I will give you specific eases
of fraud in naturalization papers. 1 want to
speak now concerning Patrick MeCaffry, one
of these witnesses in the supreme court. He
witnessed two hundred and fifty-one papers in
that court, and in the superior court lie wit-
nessed two hund'T'd and fifty-two papers, mak-
ing five hundred and two in all, in the two
courts.
John Ward—and by the by I must say that
this Ward exhibits the most vigorous memory
and extensive acquaintance ofanjbody of the
name I ever heard of before—John Ward wit-
nessed three bundled and twenty-four papers
m tho supreme court and one hundred and
ninefy-live persons in the superior court, or a
total of five, hundred and twenty-four papers
iu the two courts. John Morau witnessed in
the supreme court four hundred and filly-live
papers and in the superior court two hundred
and ninety-nine, or seven hundred and Lit;-
four in all.
Eleven persons, inciuding the three I s,a', e
named, appear as witnesses to a large number
