1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOM
3325
tiat it is probable that within one week or two
ireeksthe United States troops must be taken
from my State and from others of the southern :
States: and yet in view of these facts it is
proposed bere in hot haste and in advance to
gx a time for the reduction of the Army of
the United States. Mr. President, it will be
quite time enough when we shall have peace
and quiet within onr own borders, when the
settlers on our western frontier shall be safe
in their homes, when the loyal people of the
South everywhere are safe in the enjoyment
of their rights, when the bands of disguised
Kuklux who have been so much spoken of
here shall have been put down, for us to talk
about reducing the Army of the United States.
Mr. President, it belongs to this Government
and to this Congress to exert all the power
they can within the limits of the Constitution to
protect their own people ; and if you withdraw
the United States troops from the southern
States, where they are recognised as the repre-
sentatives of the power of the General Govern-
ment, you devolve on each of those States the
charge of organizing a State militia for the
enforcement of the laws; and it is seriously
apprehended that in some of those States such
a force may result, if not in civil war, in local
conflicts which will cost a good deal of blood.
It is my judgment that the Army of the United
States may be used in those States to preserve
the peace. I know that the moral effect of their
mere presence there is to restrain the violence
of the enemies of the Government and the ene-
mies of good order; and I think this Govern-
ment can do no greater wrong, not only to the
people %n our western frontiers, but to the
loyal people of the South and to all the people,
than by now adopting stich legislation as will
require the withdrawal of the troops from these
sections.
You talk about saving $6,060,000 by this
reduction. Mr. President, that saving is very
desirable; but this Government cannot afford
to deny extending all the protection i n its po wet
to its people everywhere withont regard to cost,
and the loyal people of the southern Slates
would gladly and willingly contribute this pal-
try $6,000,000, if they could do it themselves,
rather than see the United States forces with-
drawn from their midst.
Bat, Mr. President, if thi3 measure is to be
passed in the interest of economy I think the
Army is a poor place to begin. Begin with
your regiments of civil office-holders that are
swarming all over the land and at every man's
door. Begin with your custom-houses, where
yon have officials fattening on their fifteen,
twenty, forty, or fifty thousand dollars a year.
Go to New York ; cut down the pay of yonr
customs officers there from forty or fifty thou-
sand dollars to the mm you propose to give to
the General of your Army. Go to New Or-
leans and begin your reduction there. You say
yon cannot afford to the greatheroea who have
saved your country fifteen or sixteen thousand
dollars a year from yow Treasury, but you can
afford twice and treble and quadruple that sum
to civil officers who have nerer rendered any
service that has distihguished them before
the country. Go to New Orleans ; go down
into my own State; your collector of euStoms
there is receiving his $16,000 a year. Will you
give him $16,000 a year and deny to the Gen-
eral of the Army, remembering his services
*nd proud of his fame, another $16,000? Will
yon give to your collector at Charleston his fif-
teen or twenty thousand dollars & year and
deny to Sheridan his $12,0(X)? If economy is
the word, begin somewhere else than with the
heroes of the war and the saviours of your
country.
Bat, Mr. President, it is proposed to strike
down the supernumeraries of the Army. Here
again Congress can better afford to begin some-
where else} with the supernumeraries of the
till ®®partraents of the Government rather
than to be in such hot and hungry haste to
begin with the Army.
What does the fifth section of this :biH mean,
providing that the office of General arid Lieu-
tenant General of the Army shall continue until
a vacancy shall occur in the same,and no longer?
It means this, and it will be understood by the
country and by the world as saying to the distin-
guished men who hold these places, "You are
no longer wanted; we continue you by grace ; ■
but you are not wanted ;.you are supernumer-
aries, yon are superfluities, you are parasites
upon the Government; and while we do not
propose to-day to strike you down we propose :
to say to the country that your offices are use- |
less." And in the succeeding section, in i
which it is proposed to reduce their pay, we j
withdraw something of the gratitude that was
given to them when these offices were created.
In the inspiration which followed the war, J
and in the gratitude which welled up in all
men's hearts at the distinguised services of
these men, you made these officesund you fixed
their salaries. Now that you have gotten the
services, now that you have peace, you propose
to say to them " We are paying you too much;
your services to the Country are not worth
$17,000 a year; they are only worth twelve or
ten thousand dollars; we withdraw something
of the acknowledgment of your distinguished
eerviceS which we nave heretofore made.'' And
I shall expect this proposition^ if it succeeds, to
be followed next year by another to turn them
out of office.
Mr. President, disguise it as you may, the
Army, the country, and the world will under-
stand that provision to mean that these officers
are not wanted, and if I were General of the
Army I would not hold the place a moment if
that section becomes a law. I would not hold
a position which the Congress of my country
held to be a useless one; and I would not
receive this seeming gratuity from the Treasury
of my country. I would say, " I served you
not for pay; I did my duty as a citizen of my
country, and I am not depending upon your
stipend for a living;" and I believe that would
be the feeling of every soldier.
The same is true of the sixth and seventh sec-
tions. I know well they are not thus intended,
but they will be so understood. You say the j
same thing to your major generals and to your ;
brigadier generals. I
I know, Mr. President, that this is the feel-
ing of the Army, that this continued tinkering
with the Army, this disposition to reduce, to ■
muster out, to try men by boards, and to legis--
late co^dnually to affect it, is destroying the
tnortUefme esprit de corps of the Army, which j
is its life. The best men in the Army are
looking about for something else to do. They
feel that their tenure of office is insecure and
uncertain, that they are not wanted, and that
to-day or to-morrow or next session they will
be mustered out.
Mr. President, I think the effect of this pro-
vision for a retirement with a year's pay will
be to drive from the Army its brains and its
energy. The men of brains, the men of energy,
the men who will make your future Sheridans
and Shermans and Thomases, if you need them,
will leave the Army and go into the walks of
civil life, where they can do better, so far as
pecuniary results are concerned. The worth-
less men, the men who cannot make a living
outside of the Atmy, will remain in it to draw
their pay and to vegetate, simply doing the
routine duty which devolves on a regular Army
officer, and utterly unambitious to accomplish
anything else.
Now, Mr. President, I am not mistaken as
to the feeling which the Artny entertain in
regard to this legislation. I speak whereof I
know' when I say that that grand old hero,
Thomas, who died the other d-ays felt pained
to his heart at this, as he deemed, hostile legis-
lation toward the Army. And I know that he
expressed that feeling, and that he said that if
he were put upon a board to muster out offi-
cers he never would muster out one of them
except for personal unfitness; that because-a
man was a' supernumerary he would not muster
him out.
But it does not appear that this provision
for pay has even the claim of economy. And
here I may say that I think before we are pre-
pared to act intelligently on this provision of
the bill we should have printed upon our desks
a report from the Secretary of War, which should
set forth exactly what the pay of each grade of
officers is under the existing law and what it
will be under this section of this bill. Then
we shall be able to determine intelligently how
officers of the Army shall be affected by this
bill, whether their pay is to be increased or
reduced, and how much, and also what is to
be the effect upon the Treasury, whether a
saving or a loss. And until we have that inform-
ation in detail, as it certainly can be afforded, I
do not think we are prepared to act upon that
provision of the bill.
Mr. President, these, in very few words, are
my opinions in regard to the bill; but I would
repeat again in regard to the first section, which
is the vital one to us in our region of the coun-
try, that I do not think Congress could be
guilty now of a greater wrong, an act which
would carry greater dismay to the hearts of
loyal people in the South, than the passage of
this bill looking to the reduction of the Army.
It will be tiipe enough to do it when we shall
have peace everywhere, when men and prop-
erty shall everywhere be safe, when the declar-
ation within our own borders, as abroad over
the world, "I am an American citizen," shall
be a guarantee of protection. If the humblest
citizen of this Republic were abroad in a for-
eign land, and the finger of a foreign Power
were laid upon him, it would rouse the whole
country, and the whole material power of the
country, even to the extent of war, would be
wielded for his protection; and yet the cries
come up here day by day from your own cit-
izens of lack of protection, of persecution,
and of murder for loyalty in our own country,
and they are passed unheeded; and in view of
that you propose to diminish, to some degree
to strike down one of the greatest instruments
for their protection.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I concur
with the Senator from Alabama that it is not
the time now to reduce the Army. I think it
must be clear to anybody who has given it any
investigation that that is true. Take, for in-
stance, the Territory of Arizona. There is an
inadequate force there, and the people are daily
murdered. The list of horrors there is per-
fectly shocking. When the Governor of that
Territory was here I called with him upon the
President, the General of the Army, and the
Secretary of War, to see if something could
not be done to afford protection on the princi-
pal mail routes-and for the large settlements,
without any idea' of protecting the Territory
generally, but protecting the capital of the
Territory, and I was told there were not troops
enough; that there were calls from every part
of the country. In that Territory from March,
1864, to December, 1869, one hundred and
sixty-eight whites were murdered by Indians.
The names and dates and places are given,
with all the particulars of these outrages. It
was estimated that there were at least two hun-
dred more of which they were unable to give
the details. This is in a very small population.
The names of nineteen are given in the Chron-
icle of March 10, 1870, furnished by the Gov-
ernor, killed by slow torture in two counties
last winter, and many more names are not
known. 1 saw an estimate of the largest
county in the Territory, in which Tucson, the
capital, is located, and in eighteen months one
ninth of the entire people had been killed.
They call for protection, and they get none.
Hardly a mail carrier attempts to go through
that country. You provide for mail contracts
there; you appoint h Governor and other offi-
cers to organize a Government there, and the
Apaches have charge of the Territory, lhat
is a country where Vincent Colyer does not
