5214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
greatest frauds have been practiced in the
custom-house there, owing, perhaps, to the
vast accumulation of goods at thatpoint. The
Senator from New York prefers that all this
business should be done there. Now, I appre-
hend that there is more fraud, as has already
been stated by the Senator from Ohio, arising
out of .the vast accumulatiosi of merchandise
in the city of New York, its cartage through
that city to distant warehouses, and its inspec-
tion there by the vast number of officers they
have, in the absence of the owners of the
goods, who live in the interior of the country,
than would arise out of the transportation of
the goods, as is now proposed, in bond, to
their final destination ?
But, Mr. President, I rose more particularly
to speak to the amendment of the Senator
from Delaware. His amendment is the pre-
cise law as it exists to-day. Goods can be
transported in bond now from the city of New
York to all the interior cities if you will first
take the time to have your weighers and in-
spectors and your cartmen take them through
the city of New York and examine them.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Sen-
ator turn to the law for that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury stating that fact. I
will read a sentence or two from it:
"It is true that goods are transmitted in bond from
San Francisco to Chicago and New York upon the
lines of railway.
"As far as I know, or can learn from inquiry in the
Department, no application has ever been made for
a bonded line ot railway connecting St. Louis with
the Pacific roads at Omaha; and therefore it is true
that goods cannot be forwarded in bond frotn Sail
i'rancisco to St. Louis; but 1 atn not aware of any
circumstance which will prevent the bonding of a
road from St. Louis to the existing lin« of bonded
ra.ilway and the transmission of goods in bond to
your city, should the proper steps be taken by the
railways or merchants interested in the business.
"The construction uniformly given by the Depart-
ment in relation tothetransmissionof goods in bond
from the ports of entry to an interior port is this,
(and it seems to me to be the only construction au-
thorized by law,) namely, that goods may bo moved
from a port of entry to an interior port of delivery;
but that the law does not authorize the subsequent
removal of the same goods in bond/rom the interior
port of delivery to another interior port. It lias
occasionally happened, I am informed, that olficers
of the customs have authorized a transfer of goods
in bond from a port of delivery to which I hey had
been forwarded to another port of delivery."
I do not read the whole letter, as it would
take my five minutes to do it. 1 mean to say
that after goods are landed at the port of land-
ing, the boxes broken open, portions of them
spirited away, perhaps, the goods appraised
and weighed, the duties assessed upon them,
and the owner of the goods living in the inte-
rior is put to the expense of all this cartage,
all this delay, then the goods are repacked,
and he is charged with that expense, and then
his goods can go forward under existing law.
What our interior merchants want is to get rid
of this delay, of this expense in the city of
New York. That is the very complaint. The
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] stated
it. It is sometimes months before goods reach
them.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Will they not have to
cart them just the same under this ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No ; they will have none
of this cartage to your warehouses and bf*ck
again. The goods will go directly to the line
of transportation, sealed up and under bond,
and will be delivered at their place of desti-
nation, if it is a large interior city of one hun-
dred and fifty thousand inhabitants or more,
or a port of entry of fifty thousand inhabitants,
where we have already the officers to examine
them.
The amendment of the Senator from Del-
aware is the precise law as it is now. Of
course it defeats the measure, and every one
who understood the measure very properly said
at once thatif adopted it destroys the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I admit that a construction
may have been given in practice by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury ; but the law as at pres-
"entpiovided for the transmission of goods from
one port in this country to another is a trans-
mission'for exportation; and that is the only
language I can find in the laws on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I perhaps led the Sen-
ator from Delaware into that error, as I showed
him the law. It happened to be a law for the
transportation of goods from place to place for
reshipment. But under the general laws it is the
every- day practice ; it is done every day, per-
haps several times a day. Goods are received
at the port of entry, there weighed, gauged, and
examined precisely as stated, and the duties
ascertained, and in some cases paid and in
some cases not paid ; they are then sent to the
portofdelivery. Thatisthedistinctionbetween
a poit of eutry and a port of delivery. I have
here a very excellent statement prepared by a
merchant, showing the precise manner in which
this is done every day in practice. I think I
can refer the Senator to the law. He asked me
to do so a few moments ago, and in the hurry
I could not turn to it at the time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Delaware to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Missouri.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 20.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered ; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 30; as
follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Bayavd, Boreman,
Chandler. Oonkling, Corbett, Uragin, Edmunds,
Eenton, Gilbert, Ilamillon of Maryland, Hamlin,
Johnston, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Osborn, Patterson, Saulsbury, Stockton, Yickers,
Williams, and Wilson—22.
NAYS — AIp.-ms. Carpenter. Cole, Davis, Drake,
"Fowler, Hamilton of Texas, Hnvlan, Harris, Howe,
Howell, McCreerv, McDonald, Morton, Pool, Pratt,
Itamsey, ilice, llobcrtson, ltoss, Sawyer, Schurz,
Seott, Sheiinan, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Thur-
raan, Tipton, Trumbull, andWillcy—30.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Cattcll, Ferry,
h'bmagan, Howard, Kellogg, Lewis, Norton, Nye,
Pomeroy, Itevels, Spenccr, Thayer, Warner, and
Y ates—2-'J.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Schurz] as amended.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the yeas and
nays. I hope the amendment will be voted
down.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWELL. Are we in the Senate or in
Committee of the Whole?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the
Senate.
Mr. HOWELL. I should like to know if
there is any mode by which one hundred and
fifty thousand can be struck out?
The PRESIDENTprotempore. Thatamend-
ment has been olfered and rejected.
Mr. HOWELL. I will move to strike out
and insert presently.
In the first place, that Senators may not
think that I am acting improperly in speaking
on this question—a question which confessedly
I know nothing about, and which all the Sen-
ators here probably know that 1 know nothing
about—I will say that it is well that the lack
of knowledge does not disqualify me from
speaking on this or any other Subject, and I
think the remark may be extended to a great
many other Senators in the Chamber.
This is a change of our system in regard
to the importation of goods. We have on one
side the Secretary of the Treasury and the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce tell-
ing us that it is an improper change, a peril-
ous, a dangerous change. We have on the
other side the chairman of the Committee on
Finance and the distinguished Senator from
Illinois, who were originally and are still, I
think, in favor of limiting the points to which
these direct importations in the interior of the
country may be made to cities of one hundred
and fifty thousand inhabitants. I am willing
to risk that. I am willing-to run the peril of
the frauds and the losses which may be incurred
under a provision of that kind, confining it to
cities of one hundred and fifty thousand inhab-
itants. I am willing to incur the expense which
will necessarily grow out of this increase of
plaefes for the entry and importation of goods
into this country. But I am not willing to run
the risk, I am not willing to incur the enormous
expense which we shall incur by extending this
privilege to all cities of fifty thousand inhab-
itants. Nor is there any reason under heaven
of a public character, of general policy, of
general convenience to the country, or to any
portion of the country, why we should extend
it to cities of fifty thousand inhabitants. It is
done to secure the favor of some pet-sons who
represent cities of fifty thousand inhabitants,
and for no other reason.
There is no section of any considerable ex-
tent which cannot be supplied and accommo-
dated perfectly by cities of one hundred an'd
fifty thousand inhabitants. The West and the
Southwest and the Southeast and the interior
and the Northeast, every section of the coun-
try, can be fully and fairly supplied by cities of
one hundred and fifty thousand inhabitants,
and to that extent we might incur the risk and
to that extent we might fairly incur the ex-
pense ; but we cannot afford to run all these
risks of frauds and of loss of revenue and of
expense to the Government by extending it
to cities of fifty thousand inhabitant?. If it
cannot be secured in some other way, I shall
vote against the whole proposition. I move
now that instead of fifty thousand inhabitants
we insert one hundred and forty nine thousand
nine hundred and ninety-nine.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The Senator
from Iowa moves to strike out the words 
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression has been
that the rule prohibited this. 1 should like
to have an end to it, one way or the other.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why does the rule pro-
hibit it ?
Mr. SHERMAN.^ "When the Senate has
inserted these particular words you cannot
strike out the very same words.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Iowa is not in order.
The words which be moves to strike out have
been inserted by order of the Senate. lie can
move to strike out additional words and insert
something else. He cannot move to strike out
merely the very words just inserted by the
Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I hope this amendment
will not prevail.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore- Tt is not
before the Senate.
Mr. HOWELL. I move to strike out the
additional line that follows ; anything to secure
a vote upon this amendment is my object. I
thought the bill was in committee, in the first
place, or I would have moved au amendment ,
sooner.
'The PRESIDENT protempore. Theamend-
'inent offered by the Senator from Iowa will be
reported.
The Chief Cljjkk. The amendment is to
strike out the words:
Or any city containing not less than fifty thou-
sand inhabitants which is a port of entry in it- collec-
tion district more interior than the port of original
importation.
Mr. COLE. I i nquire of the Senator from
Missouri if this will apply to cities that contain
less population than fifty thousand now but
which grow to that magnitude hereafter?
Mr. T RTj MBULL. It can be changed after-
ward.
I he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment ot the Senator from
Iowa to the amendment.
Mr. CONKLIN G. I think lUe question of
the Senator from California is a kroner one,
uiid it ought to be understood.
Mr. MO.RTON. Undoubted! y under that
language in 1871, if it be determined that a
