424
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 17,
Ho. oi? Reps
Revival of American Tonnage—Mr, Cleveland.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
holders engaged in its collection we are left
to conjecture. Our population is now esti-
mated at forty millions. The number paying
income amounts to some two hundred and
seventy thousand. Can it be possible that so
small a number in the United States only have
an income exceeding $1,000? Mr. Speaker,
this law encourages fraud, holds out an induce-
ment to men to be dishonest, is not only op-
pressive upon the industry of the country, but
inquisitorial, even to the searching every man's
safe, and making known to the public his pros-
perity or adversity. This tax was imposed
upon the people as a war measure, and now the
war has ceased it should die. There is no
people on the globe to-day taxed as are the
Americans.
This bill proposes to exempt $1,500 instead
of §1,000, as in the present law. Now, let us
for a moment look at the injustice of this. A
has $25,000 in Government securities, for
which he receives $1,500 interest annually.
B has a farm worth §25,000. Oil that farm lie
pays county, road, State, school, and poor tax;
and by frugality, economy, and close attention
to business, if he makes more than $1,500 per
annum, you tax him five dollars upon every
100 he makes, while the bondholder pays you
nothing, and all the labor he performs is to cut
off" his coupons twice a year and collect his
interest. Here, then, we see the farmer taxed
beyond endurance, and the bondholder free.
Mr. Speaker, this is unwise legislation; it is
unfair, unjust, and oppressive. I would tax
all property, wherever found and by whomso-
ever possessed, whether it be in Government
bonds or in realty.
But, sir, this income tax is unfair, because
it taxes the enterprise and industry of those
who accumulate more than a specified sum.
'L'lio man of energy, of activity, of industry, of
perseverance, who rises early, who toils day
and night, and (hereby is successful, all he
makes for his family over $1,500 you send the
tax-gatherer after him and demand he shall
pay the Government lifty dollars on every
$1,000, or livo dollars on every $100 he accu-
mulates, thereby crushing every motive ho has
to industry, while your legislation rewards the
indolent. My honorable friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Iverh],, whose clear head and sound judg-
ment seem to grasp almost every subject as by
intuition, told us yesterday that if this tax was
burdensome, "so are all taxes." Sir, with
ail due respect, 1 differ with him. Lay your
taxes upon the people equally; single out no
particular class ; let every man pay tax accord-
ing to his ability, and permit no more taxes to
be levied on the people than will economically
administer the Government, and every true
man will pay hi.s taxes cheerfully and not con-
sider it burdensome. 15nt the principle in-
volved in this bill is clearly wrong, n-s it seeks
to establish class legislation. "
But I affirm that this Government can dis-
pense with this tax, and its credit by no means
be impaired. The Secretary of the Treasury
estimates the expenditures for the present fiscal
year to be $315,000,000, and the receipts $393,-
000,000. The honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [.Mr. Kellei'] estimates from customs
and all other sources over four hundred million
dollars, leaving a surplus of some eighty or
ninety million dollars. Now, the expenditures
of this Government from the year 1849 to 1859
were on an average annually only about fifty-
live million dollars. Of course this does not
include the payment on account of debt. And
if we go a little further back, from the year
1820 to 1839, the average was only about nine-
teen million dollars. Prior to the year 185G
the expenditures never reached $60,000,000.
The average expenditures of the Government
in the years 1858, 1859, and 1860 were a frac-
tion over $06,000,000 annually ; but those were
the days of Democracy, when the executiveand
legislative branches of this Government were
in the hands of Democrats, who always labored
to strike down extravagance in every Depart-
ment. Now, if we add to the $66,000,000
which it required to carry on the Government
in 1859 and 1860 fifty per cent, for increase
in prices, we have $100,000,000; then add
fifty per cent, more for increase in population,
and we have the sum of $150,000,000 as a very
generous and large estimate for the expendi-
tures of the Government. Now, suppose wo
add to this $25,000,000 more to go to the sink-
ing fund. Therefore it is plain that $175,000,000
per annum will cover everything that an extrav-
agant Administration could desire. To this add
$120,000,000 to pay the interest on our national
debt, and we have a sum total of $295,000,000.
Then, taking the Secretary's estimate of $393,-
000,000 for this year, and subtract the $295,-
000.000, which I have shown is all required,
and it leaves $98,000,000 per annum the people
are taxed, more than is absolutely necessary.
Hence, Mr. Speaker, I shall vote to abolish all
tax on incomes, and by so doing get clear of
twenty-seven hundred and sixty-one office-
holders, and relieve the people of $30,000,000
of annual taxation.
Revival of American Tonnage.
SPEECH OP HON. O. CLEVELAND,
of nkv,- .tkksisy,
In the House of Peprksentativik,
.1lay 17, 1870,
On the bill (II. 11. No. 1SS9) to rovivo the navigation
anil commercial interests of tho United States.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Mr. Speaker, no mem-
ber of this House lias a more ardent desire to
do something for the revival of American ship-
ping interests, therecovery of the carrying trade
of the ocean, and the restoration of the Ameri-
can flag to its old-time pride and glory than I
have. Were it in my power the stars and stripes
should again float from the mast-head in every
commercial port of the world, an emblem of the
power, dignity, and prosperity of a mighty peo-
ple. The time has been, and that within twenty
years, that the American citizen standing in
any of the termini of tho great highways of
commerce, watching tho incomings and the out-
goings of the white-winged messengers of rest-
less humanity that traverse that broad domain
over which the hand of man lias no power,
anxiously watching tho distant horizon for the
appioaeh of the proud ship that might bear
tidings from his far-off home—I say he would
have had no difficulty at that time, as the
ship came nearer and he could distinguish the
full-bent sails, the tall masts, the squared yards,
tho taut lines, the perfect rigging, the beau-
tiful model of the great hull, and the graceful
outlines of the whole ship as she sailed into
the harbor in all her majesty, unscathed by
the storms and defiant of the dangers of her
voyage, growing larger, prouder, grander every
moment as she approached the shore, to dis-
cover at a glance that those unyielding spars
must have grown in an American forest, and
that none but an American ship-builder could
sot afloat so magnificent a structure; and his
heart would swell within him as he discov-
ered the stars and stripes borne forward upon
the breeze, commanding the respect of all
beholders.
Bat those times have passed away. The
wooden ship that once floated out upon the
ocean proud and noble as a queen, the wonder
of the ignorant and tho admiration of all, has
given place to advancing civilization, to the
desire of the age for a saving of time, and the
iron steamer is now the real dependence of
commerce and ocean travel, and the American
people, generally the first to adopt any great
public improvement, are left far behind in the
strife for the supremacy of the seas. But we
must not remain behind; we must adopt the
iron steamers, and if we cannot build them
cheap enough at once, we must buy them abroad
for thepresent, till we can learn to build cheaply.
And it is to this proposition that I shall address
myself in the few minutes awarded to me. I
shall vote for the amendment to allow the pur-
chase of ready-built ships, and for the first and
second sections of the bill; but I cannot vote
for tho subsidy portions, as at present advised.
Mr. Speaker, there is an oft-repeated cry
raised by those who favor the system of subsi-
dies and high protective tariffs, (for I find that
they generally go together,) and that is, that
we should do something for the farmer; that
we should manufacture at homo and create a
home market for our surplus produce. Now,
I propose to do something for the farmer, and
not for the farmer only, but for the producer of
anything and everything that might find a
market outside of our own country. It is not
always economy to manufacture every article
you may want. Somebody else maybe able to
make it better and cheaper for the time being
than you can produce it yourself; but you
should so shape your matters that you may
have something to sell, with the proceeds of
which you can pay for such things as it may bo
economy to buy. We in this country find it
economy to buy very many things, and we
have surplus cotton, wheat, petroleum, and
other items, a3 well as many articles of manu-
factures to sell to various parts of the world in
exchange. The making of these exchanges is
called ''commerce;" the making of such ex-
changes among ourselves is called "trade."
Now, we talk a great deal about the decline of
our commerce, when we really refer only to
the decline of our "shipping." Shipping^or,
more properly speaking, "ship-owning" and
navigation, is not necessarily "commerce."
The shipping of a country is properly denom-
inated its "tonnage;" but there really might
be no tonnage at all. The vessels arriving and
leaving our ports might all belong to foreign-
ers, as unfortunately the most of them do;
but that would not show that we had no com-
merce, nor even that it had fallen off. On the
contrary, our commerce might be larger than
ever, as it really has been since the war, reach-
ing in 1860 over a thousand millions, and nearly
nine hundred million dollars in 1867, 1868, and
1869, respectively, against loss than six hun-
dred millions for any year up to 1855, when our
"tonnage" reached its highest point. In order
that we may understand the question clearly it
is necessary that we bear in mind the difference
between commerce, the exchanging of products
with foreign countries, and shippingortonnage,
which is the vehicle that carries for hire, bring-
ing the products ol'other countries and taking
away ours, as the inland transportation com-
pany or railroad carries and exchanges our own
products between ourselves; but we do not call
railroads " trade" any more than we can call
ships "commerce."
That there has been a great decline in our
ship-owning we all regret being compelled to
acknowledge, and we are all easting about for
the cause, and for a remedy; but while doing
this we have found time for an extensive trade
in the "decline and fall-off" business in this
Congress. We have had a special committee
appointed, who have traveled from city to city
at the public expense, and published a large
volume of evidence; prominent members have
made posthumous speeches; the Secretary of
the Treasury lias had a specialreport made, and
even the President himself has given a "Silas
Wcgg" readingto the "Boffins" in this House,
and all about the decline of American com-
merce, which has not declined, is not in a
decline, and has no prospect of declining, but
is now in more vigorous health than ever before
in the history of the country. But what all
