4270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
of naturalization papers in these two different
courts on the same days.
There was issued by the Democratic print-
ing committee of the city of New York, on the
requirement of the clerks of those two cou rts,
the superior court and the supreme court, one
hundred and five thousand blank naturaliza-
tion applications, and _ sixty-nine thousand
blank naturalization certificates for the fall of
1868.
A single other fact; I now call attention to
the vote of New York city. The average yearly
increase of the vote of New York city, from
1856 to 18G4, inclusive, was four and one half
per cent, per annum. The vote of the city was
in 1864, 110,000; in 1860, 114,000; in 1867,
111,000, in round numbers. But in 1868 the
vote was 156,000, an increase of forty-nine per
cent, over the vote of 1867. Now, there is no
doubt, and my colleagues know it., and every
man familiar with the history of our State
knows it, that there was polled at the election
of 1868, in defiance of law and by means of
fraudulent naturalization papers, at least fifty
thousand votes in the State. Sly colleagues
very well know that at the last election, of the
one hundred thousand votes polled in the
citv of New York fifty thousand at least were
polled by repeaters, and by men engaged in
fraudulent practices. That is the record of
New York. The State of New York is the
empire State of this Uniom By and by it will
decide the electiou of President of the United
States; by and by the eyes of the_ whole coun-
try will be fixed upon the city of New York;
and by and by, as my friend from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes,] the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, said to
mo the other day, there will arise the question
whether the people of the United Stales will
submit to have a President and a Vice Pres-
ident counted out by the fraudulent votes of
the State of New York. In this view it, inter-
ests gentlemen of all parties to have fairly con-
ducted elections , for when that time comes
there must bo civil war, in which right and
justice will triumph, or the country will go
down.
Mr. SCIICMAKER. Why should the gen-
tleman object to the policy by which Lincoln
was counted in in 1861?
Mr. WARD. I believe that in 1864 this
fraudulent business was commenced by the
Democraticparty. I believe one Samuel North
commenced the business of fraudulent sol-
diers' votes, with reference to the Slate of New
York, to secure the election of Iloratio Sey-
mour. I believe ho was detected and arrested.
Now that the great conspiracy is consum-
mated he has his reward ; now that Grant has
been cheated out of the electoral vote of New
York State, Mr. North receives his reward
from John T. Hoffman, (who was cheated in
by the same fraudulent vote,) the Governor of
that State. The object, of the great conspiracy
being achieved, the sachems of Tammany Hall
gather in council every year to cheat us out
of our vole. Samuel North has received his
reward. John T. Hoffman has given him a
prominent State office. That is my answer to
the remark of my colleague with reference to
the interference with elections in 1864.
Mr. SHUMA.KER. Mr. North was dis-
missed because no complaint was ever pre-
sented against him.
Mr. WARD. 1 beg my colleague to remem-
ber that whatever there is in this discussion of
a political nature, so far as I am concerned,
lias been called out by his remarks. 1 had no
desire to talk about the Democratic party,
or the Republican party, or any other party.
As a man who has been disfranchised since
1863, I have a right to be heard. If any exhi-
bition of feeling has been made by me, it is
perhaps due, partially, to the fact that since
1868 1, along with my conslituents, my honest
neighbors, have had no political privileges iu
elections in the State of New York except for
local offices. No matter what vote we may give,
no matter what our public sentiments may be,
we are counted out.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to inquire how much
time I have remaining?
The SPEAKER. One minute and a half.
Mr". DAVIS. I desire at this time to enter
a motion to recommit.
Mr. WABD. I do not desire to speak much
longer on this bill; but I hope there will be no
objection to giving me fifteen minutes addi-
tional time.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I desire to know
whether there is any limitation as to the time
which this debate is to occupy. If so 
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has indicated his intention to call the
previous question to-day.
Mr. DAVIS. At four o'clock.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
extending the time of the gentleman from
New York for fifteen minutes?
Mr. HAM ILL. I object. _
Mr. WARD. I never objected t« such a
request. If the objection is persisted in then I
say to those gentlemen who would stifle debate
on this question that ibis question must be
met, and that whoever seeks to hide the truth
in this matter must account to their constitu-
ents for it,.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 appeal to my friend
from Maryland [Mr. IIamill] to withdraw his
objection.
Mr. 1IAMILL. I withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no other
objection, and the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wai'.d] will proceed.
Mr. WARD. I say, therefore, that my col-
league cannot find fault with me for dragging
this paity matter into my remarks. I had no
desire to do it. 1 am not here to say that the
whole Democratic party, or any considerable
body of them are guilty ; I acquit them of any
such charge, i believe the mass of all parties
sincerely desire th"re shall be an honest ballot,
and so believing 1 hope this House will pass the
only rational bill submitted to this Congress,
so far as the question of naturalization is con-
cerned. It is a measure which will accomplish
what we desire.
I am prepared to say further, so far as the
city of New York is concerned, that while the
organization which is controlling the Demo-
cratic party in the State, and which is control-
ling the elections there, which is stuffing the
ballot-boxes, which has its organized leaders,
jvhicli is cheating the State at every election
out of its choice, which is threatening the stabil-
ity of republican government, which, if per-
mitted to succeed, will pervert the foundation
of our Government and launch us on a sea of
anarchy and blood for which no war cither iu
this or any othei country can afford any par-
allel ; I say, while that organization is per-
mitted to control in the city of New York, I
believe the gieat, majority of the Democratic
party abhor the system as much almost as any
one can, and 1 believe if we give them a law
by which they can go up to the polls and
deposit their votes, aud prevent all ballot-box
stuffing, they will join with us_ in contributing
to the purification of our elections.
Mr. I-IALDRMAN. How about Whitte-
more?
Mr. WARD. I do not know what Mr. Whit-
temore lias to do with this debate. I under-
stand he will be back here in a few days, and
then the gentleman can deal with lnm. If
there are men who profess to speak for the
Republican party who are in this business of
swindling and robbery, who are in this system
of cheating the people out of their suffrage, in
conjunction with the Democratic leaders, I
hope the swift condemnation will fall upon
them which I ask may fall upon these Tam-
many leaders.
But this is not a New York affair alone. It
is an affair of the nation. If this system of
fraud prevails and is successful in New York, it
can be transported to Philadelphia, to Chicago.
It may be transported to San Francisco and St.
Louis and Cincinnati and New Orleans and Bos-
ton, and to all the other large towns and cities
in the United States. If it succeeds in Now
York it will succeed everywhere else. If you
lay upon it now the heavy hand of your power,
and crush it in its incipient stages, the purity
of the ballot-box will be preserved and the
country saved.
If you allow party prejudice, party tactics,
or a fear of being misinterpreted by German or
Irish constituencies, if you allow anything of
that kind to control you in voting on this bill,
that which is now but a speck, so far asthe
whole nation is concerned, will grow until it
covers the whole laud, and ballot-box stuffing
will become a general evil; and when that is
done gentlemen may as well bid farewell to the
liberties and free institutions bequeathed to U3
by our fathers and secured to us by the blood
of our brethren during the recent rebellion ;
then all tlie glorious privileges which have
come down to us will be frittered away, and
anarchy and discord will settle on the Republic,
and the proud name of America will go down
into the gloom of eternal night.
All we have is the ballot. The ballot stands
between the rich man aud the poor, aud between
the poor man and the rich. The ballot stands
between the oppressed and the oppressor. The
ballot stands between the ignorant and the
wise, between the designing and tlie simple.
But, sir, whenever you make the ballot an
instrument of fraud, wheneveryou have brought
about that state of things everywhere which
exists in New York, when the honest people
of my district and of other districts shrink
from voting because they know they will be
counted out, that there is no use of going to
the polls, for they will bo cheated no matter
how many votes tliey may cast; when that state
of things prevails generally throughout the
country there will be no longer any hope for
the preservation of our free institutions. I
say to this House and to the country that the
Government which we in part represent on
this floor will, so far as republicanism is con-
erned, fade and disappear like the baseless
fabric of a dream.
This is no fancy sketch ; we have facts before
us. We have the fact of the vote of the State
of New York in the presidential election sur-
rendered up into the hands of an organization
in the city of New York, which is not only
engaged in robbing the people in the State of
their vote aud of their choice, and which is
daily swindling the coiporation of the city of
New Yoik, but is engaged in extending its
system throughout the nation, so as to control
the national Congress.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. Did not Republican
senators sell themselves in New York for
money?
Mr. WARD. If Republican senators or
other senators sold themselves for money ; if
public corruption has grown to that extent,
and public virtue sunk so low that men in high
places will sell themselves for lucre, then I say
God help the laud. But if we have the ballot
left, if we keep that pure, then we can root
out these evil-doers.
Mr. RANDALL. Keep your representa-
tives pure.
Mr. WARD. I do not understand what my
friend from Pennsylvania means. I appre-
hend he is a pure man in all his congressional
dealings, in all his public life. I accord that
to him and to every other gentleman here. I
believe my colleagues on this floor are pure
men in all their official business and personal
transactions. I do not know what the gentle-
man means.
Mr. RANDALL. I alluded to Republican
members of the New York State senate, who
sold out to the Democratic party.
Mr. WARD. If they sold out to any party,
as my friend says, they sold out to Tammany.
We had no money to buy them out, and
we had not the disposition. If they were pur-
