126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
Mr. NIBLACK. I concede that upon this
question there is some repugnance between
these provisions, but insist that the general
provision must prevail if it really has any
force and amounts to anything. But I really
have but one point in my mind now, and that
is the question of jurisdiction. Indians do
not owe any allegiance to other nations, as I
have already remarked, and their tribal rela-
tions are not recognized as being national rela-
tions subjecting them to that sort of intercourse
which we have to recognize in dealing with other
nations of the world. All the Indians of this
country being natives of it, and having been
born within its jurisdiction, it follows as a
necessary logical consequence that they are
citizens if we recognize the binding force of
this amendment.
This provision, therefore, of the Constitution
which declares all persons born within the
jurisdiction of the United States to be citizens
annuls, I think, the provision which proposes
to exclude from the enumeration Indians not
taxed. Hence I have moved this amendment
for the purpose of preserving the harmony of
our legislation and trying to conform to this
very remarkable amendmeutof the Constitution
called the fourteenth amendment—a proposi-
tion adopted for partisan purposes and passed,
I think, with more indecent haste than ever
before attended the adoption of any constitu-
tional amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Are there any
Indians not taxed? So far as they are con-
sumers of manufactured or imported articles
they are tax-payers.
Mr. NIBLACK. It is not necessary I should
go into the question whether the Indians are
taxed or not taxed ; for so far as my argument
is concerned it makes no sort of difference.
But in point of fact, Mr. Chairman, I suppose
there are a great many Indians who are not
taxed, or from whom, at least, no tax is col-
lected ; for I suppose many of them do not
remain in one place long enough to be assessed,
much less to have taxes collected from them.
But I am content to rest this question on the
proposition that being born within the juris-
diction of the. United States these Indians are
citizens under the fourteenth amendment, if
it be really now a part of the Constitution of
the United States.
The amendment of Mr. Niblack was not
agreed to.
The question recurred 011 the amendment of
Mr. Maynaed.
Mr. MAYNARD. Upon consultation with
the gentlemen of the Census Committee, and
being reminded of the extent of their investiga-
tions, I will with the leave of the committee
modify my motion so as to provide that this
subjcct shall be considered by the select Com-
mittee on the Ninth Census rather than the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend by striking
out in the pending section all that part which
recognizes the operation of the fourteenth con-
stitutional amendment in excluding certain per-
sons from representation in certain States. The
language which I propose to strike out is as
follows:
But when the right to vote at any election for the
choice of electors for President ancl Vice President
of tho United States, Representatives in Congress,
the executive and judicial officers of a State, or the
members of the Legislature thereof is d nied to any
of the male inhabitants of sueh State being twenty-
ono years of age and citizens of the United States,
or in any way abridged except, for participation in
rebellion or other crime, he shall reduce the basis of
representation therein in tho proportion which the
number of such male citizens shall bearto the whole
number of male citizens twenty-one years of age in
such State; and it shall be his duty to thus ascertain
the aggregate representative population of theTJnited
States.
Now, Mr. Chairman, inasmuch as the com-
mittee has not seen fit to recognize the theory
upon which I proposed my last amendment, I
offer this amendment upon a somewhat differ-
ent theory. I present this proposition upon
the ground that I do not believe the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States has any force whatever, or ever had, as
a part of the Constitution of this great country.
There are, theoretically at all events, thirty-
seven States constituting the United States of
America. Congress has never yet taken upon
itself the responsibility of declaring that the
American Union consists of any smaller num-
ber of States. There being, then, thirty-seven
States, any proposed amendment of the Con-
stitution in order to become operative must
have the assent of twenty-eight States. On
looking into the history of this fourteenth
amendment I find that from the time of its
submission by Congress until the present day
thirty States have voted for the ratification of
that amendment. Of these thirty States twenty-
three are what are termed in common political
parlance loyal or adhering States, States that
never attempted to withdraw from the Ameri-
can Union, and the other seven are what have
been know as seceding States, to wit: Arkan-
sas, Florida, North Carolina, Alabama, South
Carolina, Louisiana, and Virginia. Of these the
State of Virginia, I believe, has never been recog-
nized by the party in power, represented by the
majority in this House, as an organized State
within the Union. She is not represented here
to-day. She has never been represented here
since the commencement of the war, except with
one or two brief intervals, except in some excep-
tional cases. She is now known as constituting
" the first military district of the United States''
under the reconstruction laws. Certainly gen-
tlemen on the other side will not insist that her
ratification can be of any force and validity up
to this moment. Whether she shall vitalize it
hereafter is a question I do not consider. Up
to this time the majority here will not insist
that anything she has done is of any binding
force as a State. That leaves only twenty-nine
States recognized .as States within the Union
and in practical relation to the other States of
the American Union that have assented to this
amendment. Of those twenty-nine States,
three have withdrawn their assent, to wit,
Ohio, New Jersey, and Oregon, before enough
had voted to constitute three fourths, leaving
but twenty-six States which have unreservedly
given their adhesion to this amendment.
Now, sir, I have always insisted, and reaffirm
my position here to-day with the responsibility
that attaches to my position as a member of
Congress of the United States, that I believe
that before three fourths have voted in favor
of the ratifiation of any proposed amendment
any State theretofore consenting may withdraw
that consent. The validity of the fourteenth
amendment depends on that. My theory is
that until a proposed amendment has received
the assent of three fourths of the States it is a
mere proposition to the States to be accepted
or rejected by them, or accepted by them and
afterward rejected if they shall choose to do
so. In other words, it is an open question—a
question of negotiation between the Federal
Government and the States, respectively;
therefore I believe that the fourteenth amend-
ment has not received the assent of three
fourths of the States as required by the Con-
stitution to make it obligatory upon us.
I should like to refer to some of the means
resorted to to obtain from many of the States
what purported to be an assent to this amend-
ment ; the absolute coercion used in many
cases in order to obtain this pretended assent;
but my time does not permit.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I
presume that the committee will strike out
this section, as it has already stricken out sec-
tion twenty-three. In order to be consistent
with our previous action we must strike it out.
In this connection I desire to put a question
to the Chair in reference to the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynaed,]
that this section be referred to another com-
mittee. Do I understand the Chair to enter-
tain that motion to refer this section to the
Committee on the Ninth Census ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled
that motion to be in order.
Mi\ FARNSWORTH. If that question is
decided in the affirmative could a motion after-
ward be entertained to strike out the section ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then, as a point of
order, it seems to me that the motion to strike
out is first in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee
is first in order.
Mr. Niblack's amendment was rejected;
and the motion of Mr. Maynaed was then
disagreed to.
Mr. WINANS. I move to strike out the
words " to thus ascertain the aggregate repre-
sentative population of the United States,
which aggregate population he shall divide
and in lieu thereof to insert " having ascer-
tained the aggregate representative population
of the United States as aforesaid, to."
Mr. Chairman, the first clause of the first
section of this bill provides for the ascertain-
ment of the aggregate representative popula-
tion of the United States. The second clause
provides for deducting from the representative
population of certain exceptional States which
disfranchised a portion of their citizens a por-
tion of the representation to which they would
otherwise be entitled. The bill then goes on to
provide that it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of the Interior to ascertain the aggregate repre-
sentative population of the United States, which
aggregate population he shall divide, &c. Now,
sir, the point of my amendment is this, that in
the bill as it now stands the exceptional cases
of States which disfranchise a portion of their
citizens will decrease the aggregate represent-
ative population of the whole country, and will
consequently increase the ratio of representa-
tion in order to have a certain number of Rep-
resentatives which may be provided. The
amendment I now propose will cure that diffi-
culty. By fixing the number of Represent-
atives at a certain number and fixing the ratio
by which those Representatives shall be elected
the disfranchisement of a portion of the citizens
in any particular State will not affect tho ques-
tion generally throughout the country, but
only in the States in which they are thus dis-
franchised. The aggregate number of Repre-
sentatives being fixed, until the disfranchised
citizens of a particular State are enfranchised
that particular State will not be entitled to
have any more Representatives than it would
otherwise have ; and the aggregate Represent-
atives in the House of Representatives will be
less than that which is authorized when all the
people are enfranchised.
If I have been understood I have said about
all that I desired to say upon the subject. I
will illustrate, however. Suppose that the State
of Tennessee, for instance, has five hundred
thousand citizens, who have to be estimated as
the voting population, but one hundred thou-
sand of them are disfranchised, and one hun-
dred thousand is the ratio of representation;
Tennessee would then be entitled to five Rep-
resentatives. Five hundred thousand for Ten-
nessee would be counted in ascertaining the
aggregate voting population of the country, and
one hundred thousand would be the ratio; but
until Tennessee enfranchises the one hundred
thousand who are disfranchised she would be
entitled to but four Representatives. And if
three hundred was the number of Represent-
atives, theaggregatenuinberfixed, there would
be but two hundred and ninety-nine Represent-
atives in Congress. When Tennessee should
enfranchise her population and be entitled to
her full quota, then the actual number enfran-
chised would be the number of her citizens.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
committee rise to close debate upon this sec-
tion. I had hoped that we might have stricken
it out without debate. But, if the committee
is willing to take that vote now, I shall with-
draw that motion.
