1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5215
city has fifty thousand inhabitants, it has the
benefit, and if a city hereafter becomes a port
of entry that is not now it will have the benefit
of it under the provision. This system is just
as capable of being extended to a city of fifty
thousand as to one of one hundred and fifty
thousand inhabitants; and if it is designed to
make the revenue system one of general con-
venience to the people, if that is one of the
objects of it, and not simply to favor a few great
cities, then this amendment ought to be adopted.
If it is confined to cities of one hundred and
fifty thousand inhabitants, I for one shall vote
against it.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask what increase
of officers this will involve? Will there have
to be a collector at every one of these places?
Mr. CHANDLER, Certainly; I showed
all about that.
Mr. CONKLING. And weighers, inspect-
ors, and gaugers.
Mr. NYE. My own impression is that every
additional collector you have greatly increases
the troubles of the Department. You have
the same paraphernalia around your custom-
house in a city of fifty thousand people that
you have in a city of millions. It will increase
the number so much that I doubt very much
the propriety of its adoption.
Mr. HOWELL. So the Secretary of the
Treasury says. It will increase the number
and the expense.
Mr. NYE. It seems to me that it is going
to make the customs system so burdensome
that it will break down of its own weight.
Mr. SHERMAN. If Senators want to try this
experiment I hope they will act now. This is
the only opportunity they will have this session.
The number of ports of entry containing fifty
thousand inhabitants that are not cities of
one hundred and fifty thousand inhabitants are
probably four or five. If Senators are in favor
of this proposition they ought to vote for it.
I cannot now recall a single port of entry that
does not contain one hundred and fifty thou-
sand inhabitants, except Portland, in Maine ;
Detroit, in Michigan; Cleveland, in Ohio ;
Milwaukee, in Wisconsin, and Charleston,
South Carolina. Those are all.
Mr. NYE. Every port of entry does not
have a collector, does it? I think Albany is a
port of entry.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think Albany is a port
of delivery.
Mr. NYE. I think Albany is a port of entry.
Mr. SHERMAN. Every port of entry has a
collector and all the officers that are provided
for by this bill.
Mr. NYE. Then you propose to multiply
them indefinitely.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. You do not
multiply a single officer at Albany or any port
of entry.
Mr. NYE. I want to understand this.
Mr. COLE. All the machinery for the col-
lection of the revenue already exists in the ports
of entry. It will not increase the number of
officers there.
Mr. NYE. I understand that, if it does not,
it ought to exist; but I want to inquire whether
you do not create the same number of officers
and increase the number of these ports of entry
greatly by this measure ? That is the point.
Is it not making almost as many new ports of
entry and revenue officers as you have got
now ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No new ports of entry.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator had been
in his seat during the debate 
Mr. NYE. I was engaged in another place
in my official duties, and I do not propose to
be scolded about that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall vote.
Mr. HO WELL. In view of the fact stated,
that there are but four ports of entry of fifty
thousand inhabitants that are not included in
the measure originally under the limitation of
cities of one hundred and fifty thousand inhabit-
ants, and in view of the fact that Congress can
hereafter take care of this matter and not
increase the number of these ports of entry, I
withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Missouri.
Mr. HAMLIN. • I wish to say a word ia
reply to the inquiries made by the Senator
from Nevada. The country is divided into
two classes of ports, ports of entry and ports
of delivery. At ports of entry reside collect-
ors, inspectors, weighers, measurers, gaugers,
and all the necessary officers for the purpose
of ascertaining the duties levied upon imported
merchandise. To ports of delivery the goods
are sent and the customs duties are there paid,
all these other functions having been performed
at the ports of entry.
Now this is a measure, as I understand it,
to reduce the revenue. That is the title of the
bill. Then this amendment is most appropri-
ate, in my judgment; for, mark what I tell
you, there is no Senator who hears me that will
not say to me within one year that it will have
reduced your revenue by §1,000,000. How do
your goods get here from a foreign country?
There is no inspection; they are put into boxes
and bales and barrels, and they come here with
or without correct invoices. There is to be no
inspection at the port of arrival, but they are
to be sent to the interior, thousands of miles
distant almost, with an invoice which has no
more relation to that which is represented as the
goods on shipboard when they come than the
most distant thing in the world. No sort of check
is afforded. When you get them into these in-
terior ports of delivery what must you have?
First a collector, next weighers, appraisers,
gangers, measurers, and a whole corps of officers
which will be necessary to get at the true revenue
that is to be assessed upon those goods. That is
just what it will be.
I agree entirely with the Senator from Indi-
ana, that if there be merit in this scheme
there is meiit in a place of five hundred thou-
sand inhabitants as much as in a place of one
hundred and fifty thousand inhabitants; and
if there be wisdom in applying it to one it
will be applied to the other, whether you apply
it to-day or not, and you will add to your rev-
enue officers by thousands.
I doubt not that gentlemen who are better
acquainted with the interior of the country
than I am can designate places of fifty thou-
sand inhabitants which would impoft more
largely, from their position geographically,
where they would diffuse the goods abroad,
than other cities with a population of one hun-
dred and fifty thousand. There must, I know,
be some delay in the manner of getting these
goods into the interior.
My friend from Missouri, who offered this
amendment, if he has not said it to the Sen-
ate, has certainly said it to me individually,
that the same system obtains in the continent
of Europe. The Senator is mistaken. The
Senator shakes his head. I assure the Sen
ator that he is mistaken. There is an inspec-
tion required wherever the goods are entered.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator permit me
to state a fact?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly.
Mr. SCIIURZ. The inspection goes only
so far as to fix the identity of the package. The
packageitselfisnotopened, is not appraised—-
nothing of the kind—the identity of the pack-
ago itself is simply fixed.
Mr. HAMLIN. I repeat again to the Sen-
ator that he cannot find any Government on
the continent of Europe that sends goods into
its own territory without examination. It may
allow them to be transported across its terri-
tory to another country when it cares not
whether there be fraud or not. because thatdoes
not affect it.
Mr. SCHURZ. I assure the Senator that it
is done in the North German Confederation,
and in the Zollverein. All those Senators who
have traveled in Germany know it. When they
arrive there they can send their trunk through
to Berlin without the least inconvenience.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is travelers' baggage.
Mr. SCHURZ. All that is done is to identify
the package.
MTr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must remind the Senator from Maine that his
five minutes have expired. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri, as amended, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Carpenter, Cole, Davis,
Drake. Harlan, Howe, McCreery, McDonald, Morton,
Pool, Pratt, Ilamsey, Bice, Ross, Sawyer, Schur/,,
Seott, Sherman. Stewart. Sumner, Thurman, Tipton,
Trumbull, and Wiltoy—25.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Bayard,' Boreman,
Chandler, Conkling, Cragin, Udmunds, Font on,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harris, Johnston, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, llob-
ertson, Saulsbury, Spencer, Sprague, Stockton, Vick-
ers, Williams, and Wilson—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Cameron, Casserly.Cattell, Corbett^erry.jPla.nagan,
Fowler, Gilbert, Howard, Howell, Lewis, Norton,
Nyo, Revels, Thayer, Warner, and Yates—20.
So the amendment, as amended, was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Illinois has announced that I am opposed
to the bill and, therefore I suppose he desired
to prejudice the Senate against any amendment
i may propose to offer. 1 will say that I shall
not offer any amendments which I do not hon-
estly believe will improve the bill, and not
many of them. I propose now to insert " ex-
cept articles in bulk" 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ver-
mont has succeeded with his eastern friends in
killing the only measure the West is especially
interested in.
Mr. CHANDLER, I am not an eastern
man.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware that the Sen-
ator from Michigan has united with them. The
Senator from Vermont has accomplished more
than he knew he had. He has succeeded; and
the whole question was whether the merchants
in the western cities should be permitted to
get their goods and have the same privilege in
dealing as those in New York.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That was not the whole
question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say a word in
reply to my friend from Illinois.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
pending amendment read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no amendment
pending.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then allow me to offer
an amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg pardon ; I wish to
reply to the Senator from Illinois just here on
the spot. The Senator from Illinois has chosen
to say that by a piece of selfishness and for the
purpose of greed and aggrandizement'and to
hurt western merchants eastern men have com-
bined to defeat this great measure of national
good. As I am one of the eastern people who
voted against the views of my friend from Illi-
nois, who is always right and everybody else
always wrong, I think it proper to reply on the
spot.
I wish to tell him for the people of the State
of Vermont, that as far as their individual
interests are concerned they are precisely as
those of his people are, for we should be glad,
to have our goods brought from New York and
Boston directly to Burlington and Montpelier
and to our chief towns. It is for our selfish
interest to do it; but my people know, and I
know for them, on investigation, from experi-
ence, and observation in that quarter of the
globe, that there is no better method of offer-
ing a premium to fraud and dishonesty than
precisely the one that, if my friend will permit
me to characterize it, "the selfishness of the
West"—borrowing one of bis phrases, though
everybody is selfish ; it is a passion instilled
