1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2888
I could run these comparisons out inlo twenty
different forms, showing in every form and by
every result and in every possible view that the
duty imposed upon coffee, provided it is a rea-
sonable one, and F think that in the present
condition of the country the duty hero pro-
posed is reasonable, is the very lightest duly,
the least burdensome, and the least injurious
that it is possible to impose.
I now yield to thegentlemau from Iowa [Mr.
Louoiiridge] for his inquiry.
Mr. LOUGHEIDGE. The gentleman made
a statement that I proposed hereafter to do so
and so.
Mr. KERR. I yielded for a question only ;
not for an argument.
Mr. LOUGHUIDGE. The gentleman can
go on.
Mr. KERB. The gentleman from Iowa can
get his turn to speak whenever he is so in-
clined.
Mr. STEVENSON. "Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. KERR. I will.
Mr. STEVENSON. Would the gentleman
be willing to vote for a direct poll-tax equal to
this coffee tax upon the people, say so much a
head? He says this coffee tax is light. Would
he be willing to vote for a direct tax upon the
people of this country of fifty cents or a dollar
per capita ?
Mr. KERR. No, I would not; I would not
vote forany such tax. I will vote for the mild-
est and lightest possible tax upon the people
of this country. Therefore il is that 1 want
this duty on tea and coffee reduced as proposed
by the Committee of Ways and Means, because
any other duty which we could possibly impose
to raise the same amount of revenue would be
more oppressive upon the people. I want the
burdens removed from other articles, such as
salt, pig iron, lumber, woolens and cottons,
whereby (he oppressed and abused people may
be tenfold more benefited.
I want it understood distinctly that. I do not
pay this in any demagogical sense, or for any
partisan purpose, but because I believe it, that
i have no doubl the majority m this Congress
having the power to establish this tariff upon
principles of honesty, justice, and decency,
will make no bona jide effort to do so, but will
retain and continue its worst features; but
that will be no fault of ours on this side of the
House. It will result from the vicious princi-
ples of taxation on which the majority act, the
best of which, God knows, arc bad enough and
indefensible enough.
Now, if the Democratic party had the con-
trol of this country to-day so that we could
legislate from our stand point, upon theground
of honesty and sound principle, we would
regulate and very thoroughly reform this tariff,
so that it would not bear one half so heavily
upon the country as it does now.
Bnt wc are powerless, and we have only the
poor privilege left us of selecting the best from
the bad, illogical, and piece-meal propositions
of the majority, and of proposing occasional
reforms ourselves, generally to be rejected by
them. _ We may not all agree as to the several
provisions of this bill, but our differences are
not fundamental, but arc generally limited to
the inquiry, What is practicable under the cir-
cumstances; what is the best result attainable
now? if the Democratic party possessed po-
litical control and the responsibility of Gov-
ernment in this country, as we did in years
past, we would maintain its honor and reestab-
lish its prosperity and commerce and immensely
reduce its burdens. We would establish a tariff
for revenue, and cease the cruel policy of legis-
lation in the interests of sections, classes, indi-
viduals, and monopolists. We would at once
reduce all duties and entirely abolish a vast
number, and thus remove the shackles from
industry, production, commerce, and labor.
The question was upon the substitute moved
by Mr. LouGHiuuan.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is it in order to move
an amendment to the original clause?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to amend it by
striking out *'4 " and inserting "3," so that
it will read: "On -coffee of all kinds, 3 cents
per pound."
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Stevensox, and upon a
division there were—ayes !), noes 53 ; no quo-
rum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stevexso.n'
and Mr. Kxakp were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes thirteen, noes
not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WiNANS. I move that the committee
now rise.
Tl*e motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the following
substitute, moved by Mr. Loughridge:
From and after the passage of this act ooffoc shall
bo admitted free of duty.
The substitute was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the motion
of Mr. Sheldox, of Louisiana, to strike out
the paragraph, as follows:
On coffee of all kinds, 4 cents per pound.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I withdraw
that motion.
No other amendment was offered to the
clause.
The following clause was then read :
On chiccory, succory, dandelion root, and acorn
cofteo, raw, ground, burned, or prepared, and on all
substitutes tor coffec, 5 cents per pound.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe a majority of
the members of the Committee of Ways and
Means are in favor of reducing this duty from
5 to 4 cents per pound. I therefore move that
amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
No further amendment was offered to the
clause.
The following clauses were then read:
On cacao, or cocoa, 2 cents per pound.
On cocoa leaves or shells, 1 ccnt per pound.
On ground cacao, or cocoa, 5 cents per pound; on
prepared cacao, or cocea and chocolate, 7 cents per
pound.
No amendment was offered.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before we proceed to the
article of sugar, a member of the Committee
of Ways and Means reminds mo of an amend-
ment which the committee designed to offer.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
state the amendment. Tt is to amend the par-
agraph in relation to ground cocoa, &e , so
that il will read as follows :
On ground or prepared cacao, or eocoa, 5 cents per
pound; on chocolate, 7cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I move to amend
by inserting after lino eighteen the following:
On yatt in sacks, barrels, and othor packages, 12
cents per 103 pounds; on salt in bulk, 9 cents per 100
pounds.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
this amendment is not in order at the present
time.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The Chair will allow
me to state that the article of salt is not named
anywhere in the bill, and if my amendment be
not in order now I would like to know when it
wit! be?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that all
amendments relating to articles not named in
the bill will be in order at the end of the first
section.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask unanimous consent
that an amendment which I propose to offer in
relation to sugar may be ordered to be printed.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
it will be so ordered.
There was no objection.
• Mr. SCHENCK. As the Committee of Ways
and Means desire to propose several verbal
amendments in relation to the article of sugar,
I ask that the schedule on sugar be printed
separately as proposed to be amended.
The CHAIRMAN. That order will bemade
if there be no objection.
There was. no objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the commit-
tee rise. ' '
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; 'and the Speaker
having resumed fte chair, Mr. Wheeler re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (II. R. No.
1068) to_ amend existing laws relating to the
duty on imports, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
leave of absence.
Additional leave of absence for two weeks
was granted to Mr. Laflin, on account of sick-
ness m his family.
order of business.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
On the motion there were—ayes 55, noes
55 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. JUDD. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. INGERSOLL. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and navs were not ordered.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for tellers.
Tellers wore not ordered.
The motion of Mr. Jtod was agreed to; and
(at three o'clock and twenty minutes p. m. )
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. JOHNSON: A joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of California, ask-
ing the abolition of the income tax.
Also, a memorial of the said Legislature,
praying the establishment of a mail route from
Yreka to Little Shasta.
Also, a memorial for the establishment of a
certain post route.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of Dabney
Walker, praying the passage of an act secur-
ing the payment to him of SI,000 for services
as scout and guide in the army of the Potomac
during the late rebellion.
By Mr. McCRARY: The petition of Lyman
Cook and others, business men and citizens of
Burlington, Iowa, and also the petition of J.
Whitney and others, businessmen and citizens
of Mount Pleasant, Iowa, praying that the
pending bill for the funding of the debt of the
United States be amended by striking out the
seventh section thereof.
By Mr. MFLNES: A petition of distillers
of Rockbridge county, Virginia, seeking relief
from paying storekeepers.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of Asa
Lylehart and 2G others, citizens of Evansville,
Indiana, remonstrating against certain provis-
ions of the funding bill now pending before
Congress.
By Mr. ORTH: The petition of Manson
Head and 130 others, citizens of Zionsville,
Indiana, for the compulsory prepayment of
postage on printed matter.
By Mr. PACKARD: The memorial of C.
W. Guthrie and others, citizens of South Bend,
Indiana, in opposition to the proposed legis-
lation affecting national banks.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of Sidney
Letzenburg, asking a pension for^ the loss ot
her son, William Wright, from diseases con-
tracted in the line of his duty during the
Mexican war, having served in an Illinois regi-
ment.
