1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4271
chased by anybody, they were purchased by
the same set of men who purchased New York
inspectors, who purchased certain members of
New York Republican organizations, and who
now control that city by corruption and fraud.
I know nothing about the secrets of the senate
of the State of New York, or the secrets of the
senate of any State. If our Legislatures have
been corrupt—and I fear that in many instances
they have been ; if corruption exists in the
New York Legislature, I do not think it is
peculiar to that Legislature—let us purify them
as far as we can by such legislation as will
protect the honest farmers, mechanics, and
artisans of the country in the exercise of the
elective franchise.
Now, I desire simply to say that I hope the
House will pass this bill. I implore them to
pass it. If any gentleman has objections to
the bill, let him state these objections, and if
they can be removed without imperiling the
bill itself, or opening it to a sea of amend-
ments, I hope my colleague will permit it to
be done. I simply ask that you examine this
matter carefully, and that you pass this law
whereby any citizen interested in a pure natu-
ralization, and in an honest ballot, can enter
the courts, can investigate the cases, and can
see that there is no cheating in granting natu-
ralization. I hope that before this bill passes
the ordeal of the Senate and of the conference
committee, to which it will probably be sub-
jected, there will be a clause put in by which
we will be enabled to let the citizen in where
the ballots are counted ar.d where they are
certified.
I desire to occupy no farther the attention of
the House. I thank the House for its courtesy
in having listened to me. I ask the membeis
of this House to lift themselves above party
feeling and party influence, to consider calmly
this great question which affects the character
of the hundred thousand naturalization papers
issued in a year, and which lies at the founda-
tion of our whole system. I ask them calmly
to consider it in view of our national interests,
in view of those great privileges which we are
to hand down to those who come after us, in
view of the great charge imposed upon us as a
people to preserve our liberties and transmit
them unimpaired to posterity. I ask them so
to act on this and on other questions affect-
ing the ballot that the people, the people irre-
spective of party, irrespective of creed, whether
rich or poor, when they come to the ballot-box
to vote shall feel that when their ballots are
counted their choice is regarded, the interests
of the country are safe.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I shall not
enter into the subject of New York politics or
any other local politics. I differ very widely
from both of the honorable gentlemen who have
addressed the House.
This bill may not properly, perhaps, be called
a war measure ; but it has its origin and its life
in the spirit of revolution evoked by the war.
It is in fact, in all its main features, certainly at
war with the well-established order and long-
settled policy of this Government on the sub-
ject of naturalization and immigration. It is
one of the waves of the revolution that has,
during the last years, been surging and boating
with almost resistless force against the Constitu-
tion, against the several coordinate departments
of the Government, against the Union and the
States, and against all the laws and the barriers
set up by the fathers of the Republic for the
preservation and protection of the rights and
liberties of the people. It is a party measure,
and another of a system of measures becoming
very familiar to the country of late, invented by
f selfish, reckless, and unprincipled-partisans
■ for the preservation aud perpetuation of party
power. It has, it can have, it seems to me, no
higher or better motive.
It may not be as monstrous, as outrageous
of the rights and liberty of the citizen as some
of the measures resorted to to the same end. It
is not, perhaps, as desperately cruel and bar-
barously wicked as the disfranchisement of the
cultivated and refined men of our own race
and the subjugation of their women and chil-
dren, at the point of the bayonet, to the rule
and government of the ignorant and bcutal
negro, but the spirit and purpose is the same.
The object to be accomplished is the contin-
uation of the power, patronage, and spoils of
office in the hands and control of the ruling
dynasty.
The bill is entitled "A bill to establish a
uniform system of naturalization, and to reg-
ulate proceedings under the same." In my
judgment the title would be improved and its
character much more clearly indicated by
styling it a bill to establish a most intricate
and difficult system of naturalization, and to
hinder, delay, embarrass, and, as far as pos-
sible, prevent naturalization under the same,
and to discourage intelligent foreigners from
immigrating to the United States.
Mr. Speaker, in the remarks I purpose
making on this bill I do not propose to discuss
it or any of the amendments offered section by
section in detail. Nor shall I confine myself
altogether to the provisions of the bill as
reported from the Judiciary Committee, for I
have no idea that that report will meet the
intolerant and illiberal views of the majority
of this House. I shall endeavor to present
general views and considerations as they appear
in the several propositions before the House,
as they suggest themselves to my own mind.
The bill as it comes from the committee is a
very great improvement on all the bills intro-
duced on the subject. I prefer it to any and
all the others. We were enabled, thanks to
the liberality of some of the gentlemen of the
majority on the committee, to reduce the time
during which the applicant must be a continual
resident of the United States before he could
be naturalized, according to the bill as origin-
ally reported, from over five years to between
three and a half and four years.
But, sir, there is nothing in this measure that
commends it to my judgment. I am opposed
to it in every form and feature. The people
have not demanded or called for any such legis-
lation. It is the work of the scheming pol-
itician. And aside from its having its motive
in the spirit of bigotry and intolerance, in the
old, exploded, partisan theory of Native Amer-
icanism, its pretense and title are an untruth.
It is not intended or designed " to establish a
uniform system of naturalization." That sys-
tem was long ago established under existing
laws. We have had "a uniform rule of natu-
ralization," in pursuance of the power granted
to Congress by the Constitution, almost ever
since the Government was founded; a rule,
too, devised by statesmen in the interest of
country, and not by politicians p.nd demagogues
in the interest of party. The men who framed
and established the present rule comprehended
the vast interest with which they were dealing,
and they made the law brief, simple, aud easy
to be understood. They made it to encourage
and not to discourage those who would become
citizens of this country.
The present rule, substantially as it now
exists upon the statute-book, was established
in 1802. It was the result of the triumph of
the liberal views of the Democracy over the
intolerance of Federalism. During the time
of the infamous " alien and sedition laws" the
time of residence in the country before natu-
ralization could be obtained had been extended
from two to fourteen years. With the repeal
of these odious laws, by act of Congress of the
14th of April, 1802, the time of residence was
again fixed at five years. All the amendments
heretofore made since that time, in spite of the
hostile aud malignant spirit of Native American-
ism, have been in the direction of toleration
and liberality. They have been to simplify the
forms and to make the law easy of comprehen-
sion. They have been to foster this great
interest and to encourage immigration and set-
tlement of our vast unoccupied territory by
just and generous offers of citizenship. They
have been in keeping with the progress of the
age and the advancing civilization of the world.
But by this bill the law and practice of the
Government almost since its formation is to be
swept away. The entire policy and spirit of
our system is to be reversed. The injury-re-
sulting from this sweeping and radical change
can scarcely be comprehended, much lqss com-
puted. If the spirit and temper manifested in
and by this bill were not hostile to the past
policy and present interest of the country in
relation to immigration and naturalization, the
change itself would still be most damaging and
unwise. Next to good laws, the most import-
ant thing to any country is to have them lixed
and stable. No people can be prosperous and
happy whose laws are undergoing constant
change. Laws must be known in order that
they may be obeyed. They must be under-
stood to be appreciated and respected. And
on no one subject can it be more important
that the laws should be stable, simple, and well
understood than upon the subject of natural-
ization. They in general more immediately
affect those not learned in the law. So far as
private interests and rights are concerned they
affect the laborer, the agriculturist, the me-
chanic, those who have not the time or the
opportunity to make themselves acquainted
with intricate and complicated statutes.
It is of the greatest importance that these
laws should be known and comprehended by
the people of other countries, and especially
those countries from which our population has
so largely come. The intelligent foreigner,
considering the question of uniting his destiny
with this country and people, will be largely
influenced in his action by the consideration
that he may easily and speedily and cheaply
become a citizen and be entitled to the full pro-
tection and benefits of citizenship. The law
as it has heretofore stood accomplished these
objects, and the prosperity, wealth, and growth
of this country has been very greatly promoted
thereby. The law and proceedings for natu-
ralization are almost as well understood now
in Ireland, Great Britain, Germany, and in the
other countries on the Continent from which
our foreign population has chiefly come, as they
are here. This knowledge has been dissem-
inated through a period of nearly seventy years
by great effort and large expense. If the rad-
ical and sweeping change now proposed shall
be made it will be at tne cost of much time,
money, aud labor that our system and policy
shall again be understood, cither at home or
abroad.
Mr. Speaker, it is pretended by some gentle-
men that this bill was not intended to and will
not require a longer residence before the appli-
cant can become a citizen than is required
under the law as it now stands. At first view
it might look as though this were so. The bill
is adroitly and cunningly drawn. Let us look
at the provisions calculated to increase the
time. The bill as amended in the Judiciary
Committee, where we struck outlive years and
inserted three, provides:
Such alien .shall have continuously resided within
the United States, with the intention to become a
citizen thereof, at least three years before making
his .application for naturalization, and shall have
resided six months in the State, and, except in cased
hereinafter specially provided for, thirty days in tho
district, county, or parish in which such application
is made next hefoie making the same.
Let it be observed here that a change of resi-
dence from one State to another may add six
months to the three years, and from one county
to another thirty days more. Then, by the sec-
ond section it is provided that the proceedings
for naturalization must be had in the district and
circuit courts of the United^ States, except in
counties where there shall not bo holdon
annually " more than two stated or appointed
terras" of one or both of said courts of tne
United States, and then only such proceedings
for naturalization may also be had in the court
of highest jurisdiction in each State, having a
