4272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
clerk and seal, which holds a stated or regular
session for the trial of civil causes in such
county. Now, it will be readily perceived that
at least four months, and possibly six or even
ten months more, may be added by the time at
which these terms of courts may occur. If
the three years required before application can
be made were to expire during a term of court
the alien would have to wait, and could not
make his application till the next term, which
might be six or even ten months away. Then
suppose the application .to be made and the
twenty days' notice filed, the proceedings are
then commenced. It is a regular proceeding
in court, where the applicant is or may be made
substantially a defendant and every citizen of
the United States his prosecutor. By the first
section it is provided that at the term of court
specified in the notice of application, or at any
term to which the hearing may be adjourned
by the court, the applicant shall produce one
or more witnesses to prove the facts necessary
to be established, and such alien and witnesses
shall be examined on oath in "open court,"
atxl maybe cross-examined by any citizen who
shall appear for that purpose. It is further
provided (hat—
On tlio hearing of snuh application any citizen
shall bo allowed lo appear and oppose the natur&l-
mition o 1,'L:c.alien, and to introduce any legal evi-
dence tending to disprove the right of such alien to
booome a citizen of tho United States.
Unlimited power is given to the court before
which the application may be pending to ad-
journ from time to time the hearing. And
any citizen of the United States shall be allowed
to appear and oppose the naturalization. How
long do gentlemen suppose these proceedings,
under such circumstances, may not be contin-
ued? One opponent, after another may appear
and oppose, the naturalization, to the extent of
the whole number included in the language of
the bill, "anv citizen of the United States,"
until all shall have bad the opportunity of
opposing the application.
ilere, then, is power given to the court or
judge to adjourn or continue the hearing for
an indefinite and unlimited period of time. The
court is imperatively required to allow any citi-
zen of the United States to appear and oppose
the naturalization. This, too. is without con-
dition, without restriction, and without limita-
tion. " Any citizen" here must mean every
citizen who chooses to intervene either to pro-
long tho proceedings,  r from ill will, malice,
or spite of the applicant, or for partisan and
political purpose's. Let it not be urged that
these objections which I suggest would bo an
abuse of power from which we shall be pro-
tected by the high character of the courts and
judges. The improper conduct of judges in
the commission of fraud, or connivance at it,
under the present, law, is (he pretense for the
passage of this bill. Frauds in elections which
could only occur by the bad conduct or neg-
lect of duty by the judges is the great, the sole
objection I have heard urged against the law
as it now stands. The gentleman who make
this objection, therefore, must admit that the
purity and uprightness of the judges who pre-
side over such proceedings cannot and ought
not to be relied upon as a sufficient protection
against abuse of power.
One of the leading features of this bill is to
confine these proceedings as far as possible to
the Federal courts. These courts have been
revolutionized almost as thoroughly and com-
pletely as the States themselves m the interest
of a party. The judges, therefore, must here-
after be looked upon as political and partisan
judges owiiigallegianceto the party that placed
them in office, and leady in general to do its
bidding. And, sir, how easy will it be, with
the immense aud unrestrained power placed m
their bauds under this bill in times of high party
excitement, to so del.ly and hinder, by adjourn-
ment or otherwise, the proceedings as to give
great advantage to the party to which they be-
long. But, sir, the honest and just judge, under
this bill, disposed to act im partially an d u pright-
ly, may not, will not be able in many instances
. to so conduct the proceedings in these eases as
not to do injustice, as not to hinder and even
prevent good men from becoming naturalized.
The-cases and proceedings authorized will of
themselves fill and clog the courts. Every
application may become a case in court, a reg-
ular trial.
On tho hearing of such application any citizen of
the United States shall be allowed to appear and
oppose the naturalization of such alien, aud to intro-
duce any legal evidence tending to disprove the right
of sueh alien to becomeacitizenof the United Slates.
Suppose the application to be made at a time
when if speedily heard, and if decided without
delay, the applicant would become a citizen in
time to vote at the next general election, and
the delay of a week or a month might defeat
him ; suppose the precinct a close one between
the contending parties, and suppose that num-
erous cases were pending; what better system
than this bill provides could be devised for
delaying and preventing naturalization? And
can any man predict, or conjecture even, the
time during which naturalization might not be
put off?
Good character is one of the facts that must
be established by the applicant on the hearing,
and of course one that may be put in issue aud
disproved by any one who may choose, or be
hired to oppose the application. This issue
suggested, tho court is required to let any one
in to dispute the good character and to dis-
prove it. if he can. lie comes in without pre-
vious notice. He comes without cost or ex-
pense, or any other liability to be incurred,
whatever may be the result, and tho unsus-
pecting applicant finds himself suddenly and
unexpectedly involved in a lawsuit, the cud
of which he may never know.
The charge of bad character is easily made.
We all know how readily one party charges the
other with bad character. There is scarcely
a Democrat in all the land, high or low, but
what has, during the past eight years, been
charged by his political opponents with bad
character. In times of great political excite-
ment, when party spirit, runs high, reckless
men can be found to make this charge against
the purest and best of men. Jt is sufficient,
oftentimes, in the minds of some men to brand
others as traitors and criminals that they dilfer
in mere party polities—that they do not enter-
tain the same opinions of governmental policy.
Yet this issue is one that may be made; and
when made tho court is bound t.o try it. And,
air, under this provision of tliisbill, by adjourn-
ments and postponements and the crowding
of tho courts with such cases and the interm-
inable trials that may be had, naturalization
may be delayed after the application has been
made for years. And with the prospect of
such an ordeal before them, how many good
arid deserving men, men who would make good
and desirable citizens, will be kent, from mak-
ing the application at all? The prudent, cau-
tions, and frugal German and Irishman, natur-
ally timid and fearful, and especially awed by
the forms and proceedings of courts, will hesi-
tate long before involving themselves in the
labyrinths of such a trial.
But the character of the applicant is not the
only question over which a contest may be had.
He must prove to the satisfaction of the court
all the facts required to be stated in his notice
of application; among the icst "that he is
attached to the principles of the Constitution
of the United States, and wt 11 disposed to tho
good order aud happiness of the country."
Upon this may be raised controversial and
political questions, questions upon which, to
some extent, the two great parties are divided.
Some rabid and unprincipled demagogues pro-
fess to believe that no Democrat or person hold-
ing tho views of the Democracy ij " well disposed
to the good order and happinessof the country."
It would not, I suppose, in times of great po-
litical excitement, in times such as wo have
jast been passing through, be very difficult to
get some dishonest partisan judge so to decide.
Especially are we warned of this danger when
we reflect that this is one of a system of party
measures devised by unscrupulous partisans to
perpetuate party power. The vice of the bill
is that it admits of such things being done;
that it puts this great interest of the country
into the hands and control of party, and makes
it possible for the proceedings to be thus pro-
tracted and delayed, if notaltogether prevented.
No man can doubt, it seems to me, that this
scheme was invented to keep aliens from apply-
ing for and obtaining naturalization. It can
have had no other object. There is nota pro-
vision in it friendly or inviting to the foreigner
to become a citizen. It is disingenuous and
hostile to the alien, and unfriendly to his nat-
uralization from the first to the last sectiou.
After the applicant sha'll have passed through
the trial and buffetings to which I have only
partially alluded, if he shall be fortunate and
happy enough to live so long; after he shall
have satisfied the court that he has fulfilled
every requirement of the law and established
every fact necessary to be established in his
favor ; after he shall have put down every one
who saw fit to oppose his application; after
he shall have procured tho judgment of a hos-
tile court in his favor, adjudging hint of good
character, attached to the principles of tho
Constitution, and well disposed to the good
order and happiness of the country, aud entitled
toallthe privileges and benefits of citizenship,
and after lie shall in open court have sworn to
support the Constitution of the United States
and renounce all former citizenship, and espe-
cially that of his birth, by an infamous provision
of this bill thejudgment thusprocured and thus
pronounced is declared to be of no " legal force
or effect until tho expiration of six months after
the date of such adjudication." lie is proved
and adjudged by our own courts to be everv
way worthy and entitled to citizenship in this
country, and has sworn allegiance to this Gov-
ernment, he has abjured and renounced alle-
giance to every other Power on earth, and yet by
this bill he is debarred the privileges of citizen-
ship for six months in the only country in tho
world to whose protection he is entitled ! For
six months he is a citizen of no country, lie has
no country to love and no country to protect,
him 1
This provision, which tho gentleman from
New York [Mr. Davis] tells us is the grand
conservative provision of the bill, in my judg-
ment may very properly be denominated the
purgatory creating section of the bill. The
genius, originality, and statesmanship of its
author will, [trust, stand undenied and unchal-
lenged for all time to come ! The faith of the
alien who can thus cut himself loose from all
country and all citizenship, and step forth into
thhgloomy abyssofnothingnessforsix months,
is grander and more sublime than that which
animated hitn who walked out in the darkness
from the ship upon the boisterous watets of
Galilee, crying "Lord, save mel"
Mr. Speaker, there is another provision of
the bill lo which I wish to call attention. The
gentlemen who advocate and urge this bill pro-
tess great love for the soldier who helps to light
our enemies. In the exuberance of their p.C«o-
tion they talk very much and do veiy little.
Under the law as il now stands any alien of the
age of twenty-one years or upward, who has
enlisted in the armed forces or naval services
oi the United States, and shall be or shall have
been honorably discharged therefrom, may be
admitted to become a citizen after one year's
residence. By this bill he cannot make his
application till after one year's residence, and
then he must give the notice and pass through
the same ordeal I have already described. And
if at the end of sueh trial he shall be fortunate
enough to obtain a judgment in his favor he
must wait for six months thereafter in the pur-
gatorial condition of having sworn allegiance to
a country of which he is not a citizen, and.
fought its battles without being entitled to the
benefits and privileges of citizenship.
