5216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
into every man's mind, and so it is not invid-
ious—induces him to insist upon.
I should hope that in-legislation we should
not know any East or any West, but that what-
ever is fair and right for the whole country-
should be done; and I am ready and my people
are ready to stand upon that platform; but
we do not think the people of the West have
any right to butcher the Treasury for the sake
of obtaining a mere local advantage, as this
would be, ail advantage to which they have a
perfect right if it can be given consistently with
the general security.
Therefore I do not take in the meekest pos-
sible manner this statement of my friend, after
the amendment is defeated, that this is an
injustice and a selfishness and an improper
combination of anybody to injure our western
friends. 'We are all friends, and I hope we
always shall be.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ver-
mont says that his constituents would have had
a selfish interest in having goods cometoMont-
pelier and Burlington. The bill provided for
no such thing. The bill is not a bill to encour-
age fraud. It is a bill to place the merchants
of this country upon an equal footing, and not
make the western merchants and the interior
merchants tributary to the city of New York
and to the abominable frauds practiced in the
city of New York. We ask nothing but to be
put upon a level. The merchants who are
selling goods by the tens of millions in the
western cities ask nothing more than the mer-
chant who sells his tens of millions in the city
of New York. They ask to pay duties on the
goods where they sell them, they are ready
to give any sort of bond to have them trans-
ported there, so that they may sell them. You
permit by your law to-day the merchant that
lives in Toronto or Quebec to land his goods
in the city of New York and take them through
the United States iu bond, and you do not al-
low a merchant in St. Louis to do it; and the
Senator says this is no combination of eastern
interests!
It is true there may have been a vote or two
from New England for the measure, and there
was a vote or two from tho West against it for
some unfriendly reason. My friend from Mich-
igan, who hasgotcommitied on this bill in some
way, opposes doing justice to the interior mer-
chants of (his country. This is a great measure.
The boards of trade of all our western cities
have demanded it. The National Board of
Trade have demanded it. The merchants of
Philadelphia have asked it. The merchants of
Baltimore have also demanded it. But this
whole country is to be made tributary to the
city of New York, and this rally is made here,
and we find the Senator from Maine even talk-
ing about frauds. How is fraud going to be
committed any more in transporting goods
from the city of New York to the city of Chi-
cago than form the city of New York to the
city of Toronto ? And yow allow that.
Mr. CRAGIN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CRAGIN. Has the United States Gov-
ernment any interest in the duties on goods
transported to Toronto'? Not a particle.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "Notapartiole." I think
you have just as much interest in preventing
goods destined for the merchants in Toronto
being smuggled into this country as if they
• were for a man in Chicago. Have you any
interest in putting the merchant of Chicago
or St. Louis in a worse condition than the mer-
chant in Toronto ? If you can transport goods
through this country for the foreigner, can you
not for an American citizen ? Why, sir, this
is no new question. Twice or thrice—twice
at any rate—the House of Representatives has
passed a bill of this character, and this smoke
that is raised about fraud has had its effect in the
Senate, I apprehend, iu driving men from the
support of a measure essentially for the pros-
perity of western interests. It has had its
effect in defeating such a measure. I regret
it; and in the incidental remarks that I made
awhile ago, I did not wish to make any par-
ticular attack upon New England or the Sen-
ator frein Vermont. I know there were some
few Senators from the East who voted for this
measure of justice, of right,-of equality among
the business men of this country. But it does
not follow, let me tell the Senator from Ver-
mont, because we have ports of entry in the
large cities where a large business is done, that
therefore Montpelier and Burlington should be
ports of entry. We must legislate reasonably.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend understood
geography a little better, he would know that
Burlington is an important port of entry.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has not fifty thousand
population ; that is certain.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate have ex-
pressed such great anxiety to avoid fraud that
I offer an amendment which I think will pre-
vent a great deal:
And be it further enacted, That sections five andsix
of tho act approved July 28, ISfjij, entitled "An actto
protect the revenue, and forotherpurposes/' andall
provisions of law allowing goods, wares, trad rner-
chandise to bo transported through the United States
without payment ot duty, arc hereby repealed.
Section five of the act of July 28, 18G6, reads
as follows:
"Andbeii further enacted, That from and after Hie
passage of this act all broods, wares, or. merchandise
arriving at the ports of I\ ew York. .Boston, and Port-
land, oi any other port of tho United States which
may be specially designated by the Seciotary ot the
Treasury, and destined for places in adjacent British
provinces, or arriving at the port of Point Isabel,
Texas, or any other port of tile United States, which
ma> be specially desiguatod by the Secretary of the
Tieasury, and destined tor places in the repubhcot
Mexico, luay be enleicd at the custom-house, and
conveyed, in tiansit through tho territory ot tile
United Suites without tile payment of duties, under
such rules, regulations, and conditions tor the pro-
tection oi tho revenue as tho Secretary of tho xreas-
ury may prescribe."
Under this an enormous commerce sprung
up with Mexico, the authority for which has
now been repealed. I will not speak of that.
But an enormous commerce is being carried
on now between Portland and the Canadian
provinces, between New York and Niagara
Palls, and also between New York and Sr. Paul
for the Red river country, and clear across the
continent. If frauds will supenene by trans-
porting goods from New Yoiit to Cincinnati, I
should like to know if they would not super-
vene between New York aud Niagara Palls?
Tho frauds supervene, not because of the non-
payment of duties, but by abstracting and with-
drawing goods in transit on their way across
this country. I have no doubt in a different
way great frauds have occurred. Goods in
vast masses h&vo gone into Canada. Mer-
chants iu Toronto and in Quebec and Mon-
treal have got enormous consignments of
goods in Canada, not intended for Canadian
consumption and they are sifted through our
border. After going through our country free
of duty, having availed themselves of the benefit
of our liberal laws, passed for the benefit of
Portland and New York, they dribble back
through all our western border ; and in that
way more revenue is lost to this country than
could possibly be lost, by the amendment which
has been voted down.
I hope we shall put all sections of the coun-
try on the same footing. As the Senate is not
willing to run the risk of the loss by cheating
that might happen by the substitution of one
package for another oa its way from New
York to Cincinnati, I hope they will not sac-
rifice the revenue by the same loss of goods
on the way from New York to the British
provinces and to the Red river country. I
hope this amendment will be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I confess
that I am somewhat astonished that the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, in a littie
pique, if ho will permit me to say so, should
raise so large a question as this at the peiil of
the bill we have been struggling so many da\s
to get through. There is no doubt that there
are some frauds committed in the places whefe
these goods are permitted to pass now, bat
nothing to the extent that they would be if
they were subject to duty. This question brings
up our whole relations to the Canadian prov-
inces, or the New Dominion. Are we^not
sufficiently embarrassed by those, questions
without having to discuss them in this hot
weather on the present occasion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, this provision of law, which ought never
to be passed, was put upon a bill without dis-
cussion, and is admitted, according to thestate-
ment of a good man, familiar with the subject,
to have lost us revenue to the amount of two
or three million dollars a year, not by trans-
porting goods in bond, but by the smuggling
through of foreign goods from the Canadian
border.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This raises
a far different, question from the bill which has
just been defeated. It raises the question
whether we are to have reciprocated the use
of the Canadian canals and the St. Lawrence,
and it also raises the fishery question, which is
now in a state of very considerable excite-
ment; and L trust that tho Senate will not
entertain the question.
Mr. MORTON. The danger of taking goods
from the cars between New York and Chicago
and Cincinnati and Indianapolis is very great,
and therefore the amendment offered by the
Senator from Missouri is voted down; but
t'ue danger of taking goods fiom the cars in
fraitsilu tioni New York, Portland, or Boston
to Niagara and otaer points on the Canada
frontier is very smalt ! '• Circumstances alter
cases.'' I am in favor of repealing this pro-
vision. if there is such danger as to prevent
the extension cf these facilities to the interior
American chic, that danger is sufficient to
warrant me not to extend it to the Cauadian
cities.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask those Sen-
ators who have examined this subject if1 this
matter cannot be corrected in ::;uieway. I
take it there is nobody who desires that the
merchants of New York shall have their goods
any sooner than those who live in other sec-
tions of the country. I have not voted in this
matter for the benefit of Inew York. On the
contrary, I should have been very glad to ac-
commodate every section of the country: but
your Secretary of the Treasury has ueciJed
against it. It seems to me a very extraor-
dinary proceeding for us here in Congress iO
undertake to overrule those who understand
and have studied these questions. I have voted
for tho safety of the Treasury of the United
States.
It does seem to me that a provision niisht
bs made by which goods impoited into New
York going to interior cities raijjht have the
precedence in examination, so as to be put oil
their route to be forwarded promptly. It seems
to me some provision of that kind might be
devised 30 that persons in the interior should
get their goods just as soon as they would if
the provision we have voted down had bren
adopted. Everybody here has but one feeling
about this. We have boon forced by iha fact
of the dangers of smuggling or cheating the
Government of the country to cast the votes
we have g:ven. At any rate, I have been s.i
actuated.
Mr, C0NKL1NG. I wish to sny a word
about the amendment offered by the Senator
from Ohio. Perhaps I ought to say one won!
about the repeated assertion touching the self-
ishness of New York and the citv of New
York.
wish, Mr. President, every city in this
Union, it there is any advantage in it, could
stand upon a narrow tongue of land upon the
Atlantic occan, with a desirable harbor and
i tho other advantages which have built tip a
: great city on Manhattan Island, which was
i once sola and bought for a trunk of beads,
I I wish that every city on this continent could
