1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4273
Thus it will be seen the time which the sol-
dier, discharged from the Army on account of
wounds or injuries received in the service of
the couutry, must wait before he can become a
citizen, is lengthened bythis bill at least more
than six months, and it may be for years,
dependent on the continuances and delays of
the trial.
Mr. Speaker, I have no words of denuncia-
tion and contempt with which to characterize
this section of this bill. I have no respect for
the head or heart that would enact into law so
infernal a provision. It is in utter and abso-
lute violation of every principle of our Govern-
ment, and of every principle of any free Gov-
ernment. Let it be borne in mmd that the
trial is passed. All have been heard, and no
citizen has aught to allege against the man.
Every objection that can be made has been
urged. Nothingcan be found against him, and
the court has so solemnly pronounced. He is
then required on his oath to "absolutely and
entirely lenouneeaud abjure all allegiance and
fidelity to every foreign Government, prince,
potentate, State, orsovereignty whatever," and
to swear allegiance to the Constitution and Gov-
emmentof the United States. _
It is then provided that the judgment of the
court and all these proceedings "shall be of
no legal force or effect to make such alien a
citizen until the expiration of six months after
the date thereof!" What is this man during
these six months? To what country does he
belong ? What State can command his services,
and what obliged, in the light of international
law, to protect him ? He has abjured all others
and sworn allegiance to this, and yet by this
most monstrous and inhuman provision he is
for six months an outcast, a wanderer, recog-
nized as a child of no country, spurned and
repudiated bv all. In the hour of his prosperity
or his misfortune, his joy or bis despair, there
is not of the nations of the earth one of which
he can exclaim, " I am a citizen!"
There is another most odious feature of this
odious bill. Alter providing all sorts of fines,
cenalues, and personal punishments for the use
or possession ot any false, forged, counterfeit,
or fraudulent certificate of naturalization, it
also provides for subjecting every holder of any
certificate whatsoever to a trial in the United
States courts, wherein its proper issue and the
holder's right to the same must be established
to the satisfaction ol the court, or it may be
annulled and set aside. The citizen of fatty
or more years may thus, failing to satisfy the
court of the regularity of his naturalization, be
declared an alien. Against this vexatious pro-
ceeding there is really no protection. Any and
every citizen naturalized since the first law on
the subject is liable to be called into court to
establishthevalidityofhisnaturalization, ihe
oath of any perjured political party hack, that
he believes that the certificate of any citizen
"was knowingly obtained contrary to the ex-
isting laws at the date thereof," will cause the
party to be called into court under pam ot
attachment and to deposit his certificate with
the clerk thereof, to be adjudicated upon again
by the court. ,
Here a ain witnesses may be called ana a
regular trial had. Who can estimate the cost,
expenses, and annoyance of such proceedings
Parties may be summoned hundreds ot miles
away from the court, and obliged, rich or poor,
to attend or be imprisoned. And when these
parties appear in court what are they to do.
Non-professional men, farmers, mechanics,
and day-laborers, dragged from homo and
forced to employ counsel at large expense, and
when the trial is over and their certificates are
pronounced genuine and valid, they go without
reward, remuneration, or compensation tor ail
this vexation and loss of time and money
The pretense for these sweeping changes and
incongruous and most oppressive proceedings
is that frauds have been perpetrated m the
elections by means of naturalization papers.
Doubtless such has been the case, to a greater
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 2G8.
or less degree. I do not believe, however,
they have been as extensive as gentlemen pre-
teni. I have shown that fraud and wrong may
be perpetrated under this billtoan almost end-
less extent. The alien and* the naturalized
citizen are the least of all to blame for what-
ever frauds may have been committed under
the present law. They may have been the
instruments, in some instances, in the hands of
reckless and unprincipled politicians by which
frauds have been practiced. But the chief
perpetrators are the judges and officers of our
own courts. Without their consent and con-
currence none of these things could have been
done. They are the men who should be pun-
ished ; they are the men who should be hunted
down and brought to justice. There is no
sense or propriety in impeding and obstructing
naturalization by cumbrous and impracticable
laws, in making our offer of citizenship to the
alien a delusion and a snare, because frauds
upon the naturalization laws have sometimes
been committed.
But, Mr. Speaker, the cry of fraud is a pre-
text merely. This measure is not brought and
urged here because these pure, these immacu-
late Republicans have suddenly been seized
with a great hatred of fraud and dishonesty.
Let no one be deceived by this shallow pre-
tense. It comes here moved and inspired by
their ancient hate and hostility of the Irish and
German voter in particular, and the Catholic
population which we have received froin for-
eign countries in general. Its maui-spring, its
moving motive, is partisan malignity, religious
bigotry, and intolerance. Every line and letter
of the bill breathes of the infernal spirit of
Know-Nothingism and the convent and church
burning of Native Americanism.
To prevent fraud and purify the ballot-box !
Indeed! Radicalism purify the ballot I That
party that lias done more to corrupt and de-
grade the ballot than all other influences put
together! That party that has stuffed the ballot-
box with the bayonet, that has driven ignor-
ance and brutality to the polls, and intelligence
and refinement away by the sword! That party
that has by a fraudulent and corrupt use and
abuse of the ballot overthrown and destroyed
sovereign States and revolutionized the Fed-
eral Government'. That party that to-day holds
the power and controls the destinies of forty
million people by corruptly using and corruptly
preventing the use ot the ballot 1 Iliat party
purify the ballot-box, that has by force and
fraud just sent to the polls more than a million
negroes, the great majority of whom cannot
read the ballot they carry, who forget their own
names between the day of registration and the
day of voting, and who. uncontrolled, are as
likely to deposit the ballot in the lamp-post as
in the ballot-box. That party that now, by this
bill, strikes from our law the word " white,
and thereby extends the same invitation of <pill-
zenship to aU India, Japan> China, and Anica
that is extended to the people of those coun-
tries of Europe from which we or our ancestors
have all come. That party, those men purify
the ballot-box and elevate the ballot, who would
now for the first time open wide the doors ot
the Republic to more than eight hundred mil-
lion pagan idolaters, and welcome them on the
same terms and with the same cordiality to a
participation in the Government and use of the
ballot that they do the intelligent Christian of
our own race and blood! The idea is absurd
and revolting.
Sir, 1 repeat, the cry of fraud in the elections
as an excuse for this legislation is a pretense
only. It is to hide or divert the attention from
the real object. It is avowed by at least one
gentleman of the committee LMr- Butler,
of Massachusetts] that one of the purposes
sought by the bill is to prevent the voting at
elections of those persons who have onlyde-
clared their intentions to become citizens ot the
United States. My own State and several other
western States, too, I believe, have allowed and
still do allow aliens having all the other qual-
ifications of voters to enjoy this privilege im-
mediately after making the preliminary declar-
ation now provided for by law.
The bill under consideration repeals this law,
and makes no provision for the preliminary
declaration of intention to become citizens. By
this means it is supposed that the State of Wis-
consin and the other States disposed to treat
with justice and liberality their foreign popula-
tion will be deprived of the power to do so.
Not content, with her own unfriendly treatment
of the foreigner who settles in the State of Mas-
sachusetts, her Representatives, with charac-
teristic and proverbial impudence and inter-
meddling, thus seek to regulate the franchise
of other States, and to force them into a policy
and practice inimical to and destructive of their
best interests.
If this shall accomplish what these gentle-
men desire it will drive from the polls and
deprive of the privilege of voting thousands of
educatedjintelligentmeii whohavebeen allowed
to vote under the laws of the State of Wiscon-
sin for more than twenty years. These men
have been prevented by a variety of circum-
stances from becoming fully naturalized. They
have been poor with large families to feed and
support, and needing, therefore, every dollar
they could acquire. They have been in a new
and sparsely-settled country, and living a long
distance from the courts where they could
apply for their final papers, and absolutely-
unable to pay the expense of themselves and
their witnesses to and from the courts. It is now
proposedby this actio shut thedooragainst these
men and all those throughout the United States
who have declared their intention to become
citizens, to make null and void all these initia-
tory proceedings, and to repudiate without
notice the contract entered into with them by
this Government, by denying them the right
of citizenship altogether or forcing them to
come in under the cumbersome, vexatious, and
expensive mode provided for by this bill. I
know it is said these preliminary proceedings
are made unnecessary j that the alien who has
resided here the requisite length of time may
apply at once for naturalization.
But he must apply in the manner provided
for by this bill, in the manner and subject to
all the delays and annoyances I have^ before
described. He must obtain his naturalization
if at all, through the mazes of, it may be, an
interminable lawsuit or proceeding m court.
And though it may be then five or even twenty
years since he declared his intention to become
a citizen, he, like all others, can only obtain a
judgment to take effect after six months lrom
its rendition. And even if there should be no
delay in the proceedings of the court he can
in no event become a citizen of the United
States till six months after he is fully entitled
under existing laws. This delay applies to
every man who shall not have become iuliy
naturalized before this new law shall take
effect. Who will, who can now deny, alter
looking into the provisions of this bill, that it
is a gross wrong, an outrage upon the rights,
the vested rights, if I may use the term m this
connection, ol all those who have been induced
by the liberality and generosity of our natural-
ization laws to immigrate to this couutry with
the view of becoming citizens? And, sir, is it
just, is it honest thus to violate our faith, to
repudiate the contract under which we have
procured so large a proportion of our popula-
tion to abjure the countries in which they were
born,and to leave the scenes and homes ol their
childhood and the graves of their ancestors and
cast their lot with us? In my judgment, it is
unworthv the high character and beneath the
dignity of this great nation; it is unjust, abso-
lutely dishonest, and a most flagrant violation
of the plighted faith of the Government
every man" woman, and child wh.  « h«e
bvour naturalization policy induced oi encour
^BursSasfhaveattdTmo^than hinted
the hijurious effect of this legislation will not
