1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5217
have all the advantages enjoyed in the city of
New York, without the burdens and the dis-
advantages which diminish and alloy some-
what the opportunities that exist in that city.
I pass that by to come to the amendment of
the honorable Senator from Ohio, upon which
I would like to make two observations. In
the first place, fraud and wrong always spring
from that black drop locked up in the human
heart called motive. What motive is there
productive in fraud in tampering with goods
which make transit across our country into a
port of the British realm? If an individual
can steal from a package destined to a British
provincial town a case of watches or a b.ox
of goods, like any other thief, he is engaged
in a business which is profitable, if he is not
caught.
Mr. SHERMAN. Could he not substitute
ginghams for silks ?
Mr. CONKLING. It is said by the Bible
that a contented mind is great riches. I have
only part of five minutes, and I am coming to
that if the Senator will not embarrass me. I
was saying that if a thief can steal these goods,
like any other thief he profits by it, if he is not
caught. If some outside man can take away
silks and substitute ginghams, perhaps he
would profit in some way or other; but he
would not in the manner suggested by my hon-
orable friend. Why? There comes a package
of goods from England transmitted via New
York and Suspension Bridge to Toronto. They
go for nothing as to customs duties from Eng-
libhmen to Englishmen. Who is going to profit
by stealing silks and putting in ginghams?
Nobody, except some man who steals the one
and uses the other as a cover of his theft. He
does not profit by trade regulations, by cus-
toms duties ; and I ask the honorable Senator
on my right, [Mr. Hamlin,] who knows very
much more about it than I do, whether I am
not correct in the statement I make now, that
all the motive which grows out of the savings
of customs by exchanging one kind of goods
for another does not exist ?
But, says the honorable Senator from Ohio,
these goods gravitate back, or, as he expressed
it, they sift through, they dribble back across
the border and get upon our side. What of
that? Do we suffer in that way? Goods find
themselves in Canada and Canadians sell them
to our people, and they are smuggled across
the frontier; they dribble back, as the Sen-
ator says. Does that occur any more because
we have the advantage of handling those goods,
because the transportation and rolling them
over is paid for in the city of New York and
at Suspension Bridge, than if they went up
and entered the mouth of the St. Lawrence
and then went to Quebec? If you or I go to
Quebec, Mr. President, and indulge ourselves
in buying a Cardigan jacket, as I never did,
though I have wanted one a great many years,
and we come back to Ogdensburg, or where-
ever it may be, are we any more likely to do
that because that Cardigan jacket has passed
through the State of New York and its front-
ier instead of going around the St. Lawrence
to Quebcc? Not a bit of it, I humbly submit.
Therefore, although I did not rise to defend
these provisions and voted against them, if I
remember aright, when they were enacted, I
object entirely to attempting to establish any
similitude between things so totally different
as these. If there is fraud in some slight de-
gree growing out of that, so be it; but do not
attempt to make it the fellow of a scheme
which, if experts on this subject are right,
including the Secretary of the Treasury, is a
standing reward offered with a motive behind
for fraud all over the land.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator from New York
attempted to prove, if he attempted to prove
anything, that certain frauds could be perpe-
trated on the transit of goods from New York
to Cincinnati which could not be perpetrated
on the transit of goods from New York to
Niagara Falls.
41st Congk 2d Sess.—No. 327.
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all. I attempt
to prove that the motive is totally different in
the two cases, and motive being the source of
crime, the probability of its occurrence is dif-
ferent.
Mr. SCHURZ. Let us look at the motives,
and let us see what the modus operandi is. A
box of silks comes from France, is landed at
New York and is invoiced to Cincinnati. It
is taken at New York in accordance with the
provisions of the amendment which has just
been defeated, to be carried to Cincinnati.
On the way the silks are taken out and ging-
hams are put in, for the box was invoiced, not
as sifks, but as ginghams; so that the man
who took out the silks can dispose of the silks,
which of course have afar higher value than the
ginghams, and cheat the Government out of
the_ duty. The duty will be paid on ginghams,
while silks have been taken out of the box.
A similar box of goods arrives at New York,
not invoiced to Cincinnati, but invoiced to
Toronto, by way of Niagara Palls. It is in-
voiced as ginghams but contains silks. On the
way, silks are taken out and ginghams put in.
The box has paid no duty whatever. So the
man who takes out the silks enjoys the price
of the silks, while the box is invoiced through
as ginghams. I should like to know what the
difference in motives is? I should like to know
what the difference is as to the danger of such
frauds being perpetrated ? Is it not exactly
the same case ? If the amendment that I
offered is to be voted down because it afforded
an opportunity for certain dangers, I should
like to know what right this statute has to
stand? I do not see the difference.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no doubt in my
mind that these provisions do open a door to
fraud, and Ipresume that frauds are committed
under them ; but the difference between this
proposition and the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Missouri, in my judgment, is
that where there is one dollar's worth of busi-
ness transacted under these provisions, there
would be hundreds of thousands of dollars'
worth of business transacted under his amend-
ment.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will my friend permit me
to state another difference?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHUBZ. The other differenceis this:
while these goods are transported into Canada
with no precaution whatever; while no railroad
company is put under bond, as I understand
it—the Senator from Ohio can inform me on
that point—the amendment which I offered
provides for precautions of all possible kinds.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand what pre-
cautions are provided by the amendment; but
I did not rise particularly to discuss that ques-
tion. I think it is a little unusual, after a vote
has been taken and a question decided, to dis-
cuss the merits of the proposition.
So far as I am conccrned, speaking with
reference to the remarks of the Senator from
Illinois, I am not aware thatthe State in which
I live has any interest whatever in this ques-
tion. I was prepossessed in favor of the amend-
ment when I first saw it; but I satisfied myself
upon the information that I could obtain, and
I made a disinterested examination of the sub-
ject, that it would open the door to immense
frauds upon the revenue; and I have not a
particle of doubt about it at this time. Sir, it
is almost an axiom—-at any rate, it accords
with the common sense of every man—thatthe
more you manipulate goods upon which the
duties are unpaid the more opportunities there
are to commit frauds upon the revenue. Is
not that a proposition that accords with the
common sense of every man?
But, sir, I did not rise to speak upon that
question. The honorable chairman of the
Committee on Finance is anxious to secuiethe
passage of this bill, as we all are. He advo-
cated a certain amendment which he says
would be a great benefit to the West ; but it
was the judgment of the Senate that it should
not be adopted as an amendment upon this
bill. Now, what particular advantage is the
West or anybody else to derive from the amend-
ment which is now proposed to this bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. It will increase the rev-
enue.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I presume the Senator
is governed entirely by that motive in offering
this proposition. I suppose it is not intended
to reflect in any way upon the action of the
Senate. But, sir, it seems to me that if the
Senator desires to remodel the revenue laws
of the country he had better put it in some
other way than to put it on this bill. That is
one objection that existed to the other amend-
ment, that it was not really germane to thebill
before the Senate. I shall oppose this amend-
ment on this bill. I liave very little doubt that
frauds are committed under these provisions,
and 1 do not know whatconsiderations induced
Congress to enact them. I supposeitis akind
of comity which one nation owes to another,
and whiehis generally practiced among nations;
but be that as it may, if this matter is to be
considered, it ought to be considered by some
committee and on some other bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is a mere matter
of national comity. It is perfectly well known
that nearly all the cattle of Illinois go through
Canada in bond. Two thirds of all the ship-
ments of live stock from Chicago go through
Canada in bond. They put a custom-house
lock upon the door of the car filled with cattle,
filled with grain, or with flour or beef or pork,
or whatever it may be, and that oustcm-house
lock is not touched until it passes across the
river at Suspension Bridge. We do the self-
same thing. We put a custom-house lock upon
the car, and it is not touched until it has crossed
the border. It is a mere matter of national
comity.
It. would be a very great inconvenience if
this national comity were broken up, more so
perhaps to Chicago and Detroit than to any
other two cities in the United States. It is a
matter to us of very great consequence. It is
to Canada a matter of very little consequence.
She can bring her merchandise up the St.
Lawrence river during six months of the year
just as well as to bring it by rail. This system
was adopted for our own benefit, and not for
the benefit of Canada. Nearly all, certainly
more than one half of the merchandise that
goes to Chicago goes through Canada in bond.
The Blue Line cars are loaded in Boston, in
Portland, in New York, and all along the coast,
and they go through Canada with the custom-
house lock, and go through in bond. If the
Senator from Ohio desires to destroy that sys-
tem, very well.
Mr. SCOTT. I should like to ask my com-
mercial friend from Michigan one question.
If our custom-house lock will protect the
goods through our territory when they are des-
tined for Canada, will not our custom-house
lock also protect them from New York to
Philadelphia, and from that to Cincinnati?
Mr. CHANDLER. The cases are not
similar.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator from Mich-
igan will allow me, I will answer the question
of the Senator from Pennsylvania as well as I
may.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, 1 desire to
say that I have given no vote in this Senate,
and I hope I shall not if I were to remain here
for years, that is limited by any locality. I
have tried to give votes in relation to every sec-
tion of this Union which I have believed to be
founded in right and controlled by the best
judgment that I have. I am here now, and
hereafter, and at all times, not only ready, but
willing to join with Senators from the West in
maturing any scheme that shall give to them
every single advantage they can have under the
revenue laws that will not lead to those frauds
which they themselves wish should be avoided.
I may err in my judgment, but I have believed
