1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
41st Cong...,2d Sess.
American Commerce—Mr. Schumaker.
Ho. of Reps.
very bill as a proof of the charge that it vio-
lates its own pledges and corrupts its own
people.
American Commerce.
SPEECH OP HON. J. G. SCHUMAKER,
OF NEW YORK,
In tiie House of Representatives,
June 2, 1870,
On tho bill (H. E. No. 1889) to revive tho navigation
and commercial interests of the United States.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. Mr. Speaker, the
tariff upon copper, or rather the bill known as
the copper-tariff bill has been more injurious
to the ship-building interest of this country
than all other causes combined. The tariff
upon iron, and the other tariffs which taxed
heavily all the articles from which ships were
constructed, sufficiency crippled and stagnated
such industry, but the immense duty upon
copper completely broke up the ship-yards and
drove capital and capitalists elsewhere to seek
investments. The city of Brooklyn before the
war contained more ship-yards and employed
more mechanics and laborers than any other
city of the United States. More than two
miles of its water-front contained ship-yards,
and some twenty-five firms, with an aggregate
capital of over iifty millions of money, were
engaged in that branch of business.
The Erie basin in South Brooklyn contained
one of the largest dry docks in the world, cost-
ing $1,000,000. That dry-dock now stands
idlo, having taken up but two ships since the
1st of January last. Thousands of laborers
who obtained work at such place are now out
of employment. In Greenpoint there were to
he seen the finest, ship-yards in the country,
givingalso employments thousands of people,
and building up by such ship-building alone a
small city. In Williamsburg, another portion
of Brooklyn, were to be found more yards for
ship-building, also employing thousands of
men, building up in a great measure by such
interest another city larger than the city of
Washington. So in South Brooklyn, yards
and docks in which large sums of money had
been expended, were to be found at the foot
of most every street; but the tariffs upon ma-
terial for building ships, together with the duties
upon all the articles which the mechanics and
laborers were compelled to buy in order to live
and to clothe themselves and families, were so
enormous and oppressive that they were com-
pelled to demand higher wages, and these two
causes together have completely paralyzed the
trade.
decline of ship-bc1ldin9.
Why, Mr. Speaker, in order that this House
may see the disastrous effects which these va-
rious tariffs have had upon this one locality, I
will read a list of the ship-yards that existed in
only two wards of the city of Brooklyn, and
which comprise the two cities of Greenpoint
and Williamsburg, which, as I have before
stated, were actually built up by such business.
The following is a list of the ship yards for-
merly in operation in the fourteenth and sev-
enteenth wards of the city of Brooklyn, New
York:
fuui-tcrnth Wcrd.—Patterson k Co., fooi of North
Second street; Lawrence&FouIks, footofNorth Fifth
street; Thorn as Stack, foot of North Sixth street;
Wiliiiuas, foot of Moith Seventh ytreet.
iiv.-r<i.—E. F. Williams foot of Quay
Hieet; S Sneden, foot ot Oalyer street; Slup-Tim-
Ivr-Bcndmg Company, foot of Oalt street; E. S.
Vv'hitlock, foot of Milton street; J. Snnonson, foot of
Xoble street; p;,ic k Davis, foot of Kent street;
Blootefield k Co,, foot of India street; Henry Steers,
foot of Huron street: Webb & Bell, foot of Greene
sticoi; Lupton k JleD,armaid, toot of Freeman
street
At the present tori" there is but one yard la the
fourteenth ward (\Y 11 i i am-bii rt-; Lawrence .V Kou! !; ■.
and three in the sevo'iteea1 h. (Greenpoint,) Webb k
i'Jell. Jlenrv Si ■ .ts, and John t'lishs.
This certainly cannot fail to call the atten-
tion of this House to the fact that some radi-
cal change in commerce stopped ship-building
in that vicinity. Now, what was it, and who
caused it? It cannot be denied that it was the
various tariffs that made the materials for build-
ing vessels higher in price. And it also can-
not be denied that the Republican party were
in power at such time and had full control of
both branches of Congress ; and that having
such power they refused and still refuse to
alter or modify such tariffs. Even General
Grant proposed to put the whole matter over
for one year; and it has not been until lately
that he has retraced his steps in the matter,
and then he did not conclude to do it until the
whole shipping interest of the land had been
knocking at the door of the White House.
But, Mr. Speaker, the building of vessels
was not the only resource from which the ship-
yards of our city received great revenue and
profits; but the repairing of vessels, which is a
branch of the same business, and by far the
most lucrative part of it, was carried on in
Brooklyn and in all our sea-port cities. The
copper-tariff bill completely killed that busi-
ness. Such business had heretofore been im-
mense, causing more money to be distributed
among the working classes than even the build-
ing of ships. The facilities of our ports and
the expedition of our workmen, together with
the moderate costs of repairs, brought vessels
from all parts of the world to be refitted iu this
country. Now, this business is almost entirely
driven from our shores. The owners of ships
and other vessels find that they can buy their
copper and yellow metal about nine cents per
pound cheaper in Europe than here, making a
saving, as I have been informed by a firm of
ship-builders—C. & ii. Poillon, of Brooklyn—■
in coppering a ship of one thousand tons, of
about fifteen hundred dollars.
For this reason alone ship-owners would delay
other repairs to their ships until they had an
opportunity to send them to England, where
coppering and all other repairs could be done
at the same time ; thereby all the other artisans
usually employed about a ship, while repairing
her, are deprived of employment, such as ship-
carpenters, sail-makers, riggers, ship-chand-
lers, blacksmiths, rope-makers, painters, and
other laborers. By this means millions of dol-
lars have been taken out of the pockets of the
mechanics of this country, besides ruining the
very manylargeand costly dry-docks that before
the passage of such copper tariff were profitable.
Mr. Speaker, all this havoc in the ship-yards
of America has been done for the benefit of a
few rich monopolists in Massachusetts. Two
or three copper manufacturers there have con-
trolled the whole matter, and prevented legisla-
tion in these Halls, and spread so much distress
and privation among the mechanics and ship-
wrights of our sea-board.
The facts have been laid in full before a
committee of this body, showing the decline
and almost total annihilation of the ship-build-
ing interest which was once the pride and glory
of our land. And when it becomes known that
half a dozen rich monopolists from New Eng-
land came to these Halls and by their machina-
tions brought this great calamity upon us, I
think it will have the effect of turning from the
Republican party all the reflecting and intelli-
gent mechanics of the-land; no matter what
vocation they may follow, whether they are ship-
builders or house-builders or stone masons,
thev mustalike contemn such ignominious and
bad laws.
America since the Revolution has been the
great nation to whom all lands have looked for
science and improvement in the art of building
vessels. Her greatness and superiority in such
matters have long been acknowledged by the
whole world. Fulton, Newton, Eckford were
the three great pioneers in the early part of this
oentury in applying steam to vessels, both inland
and sea-going. The first vessel propelled by
steam that ever crossed the ocean was built in
the United States, sailed froiji our shores, and
under our flag. The improvements in sailing
vessels of all kinds were first made here, and ail
our models, from a first-class clipper ship to an
iron ocean steamer, are now to be found all
over the world, from the Clyde, iu Scotland, to
Van Dieman's Land; in the ship-yards of all
nations. The sultan of Turkey, the Tycoon
of Japan, the emperors of Russia, China, and
Brazil, all the kingdoms and nations, both large
and small, all over the globe, have American-
built vessels, and employ American mechanics.
Mr. Speaker, the destruction of Amorican
ship-building and the decline of American
commerce lies at the door of the Republican
party; they and they alone are reponsible
for it. The bill reported by the committee,
of which Mr. Lyxch is chairman, ask too
much of the downtrodden tax-payers of this
country. Some of its provisions I favor; but
to say that the United States Treasury should
build up from its coffers the fallen fortunes of
every individual or corporation bankrupted or
destroyed by Radical legislation, or build up
any particular branch of industry or trade by
directly paying money out of the pockets ot
the whole American people, is a doctrine too
monstrous and enormous for me, as a Demo-
crat, to advocate or sustain.
Mr. Speaker, let us look at its disastrous
consequences, and where it would lead us, if
bounties should be paid out of the public
Treasury at the rate of about thirty dollars per
ton to builders of vessels. A ship of one
thousand tons burden would cost the Govern-
ment $30,000; and, as I understand the bill,
four dollars per ton every year for ten years
while the ship is engaged in the carrying trade.
This is a most remarkable provision. If
allowed to all kinds of vessels, as this bill per-
mits, to inland, coastwise, and sea-going ves-
sels, to vessels on our canals, rivers, and lakes,
from Alaska to Kennebec, I would like some
gentleman to inform me where this immense
amount of money is to come from? Who is
to be the paymaster ? They certainly will not
find enough money iu the Treasury. Is this
to be another pretext to issue more greenbacks?
The Long Island sound steamboat lines, the
North river lines, and all the like lines, I know
are doing well enough. Why pamper them;
why stuff into their coffers, now running over,
more gold ? If you give money to this particu-
lar branch of industry, will not others ask with
the same propriety; and why should they be
refused? If ships, schooners, steamers, and
sloops are built by Government bounty, why
should not houses, stores, wagons, carriages,
carts, plows, reapers, locomotives, and every
other article made here be also recipients of
the same bounty ? There can be no good reason
offered against this theory. If one should re-
ceive Government aid all should. In building
ocean steamers that come in contact with for-
eign-built vessels, in the competition for foreign
trade, there might, he and really is some found-
ation for a claim to drawback from the Treas-
ury for all moneys paid as duties on material
used for building such vessels. But to say that
such drawbacks should be extended to the
builders of vessels for inland trade that come
in contact with no foreign competition is per-
fectly absurd, and is actually so much money
given to such builders by the Government.
This is a monstrous doctrine, and that it has
advocates on the Democratic side of this House
is surprising. I can only say for myself that
my teachings of Democracy have been in an
entirely different school.
The true remedy is to take off all tariffs upon
the articles required to make ships; make the
duties lower on all articles required for the
mechanic and his family to eat and wear; take
