1870.
THfi CONCESSIONAL GLOBE,
3329
question is which mode is poet efficient «nd
best calculated to accomplish the object. lam
riot very confidant about that) but I desire stilt
to call the attention of the Senate to the
amendment of the committee specifically, so
that it will be seen precisely what the point
1 aimed at is, and then the Semite will judge
for itself which is most likely to accomplish
the object. Bear in mind the object to be ac-
complished is to carry into the Treasury at the
. end of the fiscal year all the funds appropriated
! for any object not necessary to discharge the
actual expenditures of the Government for that
year. Having that in view, the committee did
what? Firt-t they say thaton the 1st day of Juue
in each year the Secretary of the Treasury shall
transmit, to the head of each Department a
statement of the balance of appropriations for
the service of his Department which shall ap-
pear by the books of the Treasury to be unex-
pended at that time. That is with a view of
taking the first step by the Secretary of the
Treasury to ascertain what the balances of
appropriations for that year really unexpended
are. That is the first step, and it seems to me
the proper step. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury, whose books al way s shoul d show and al ways
are presumed to show the balances that have
not been d^awn by these heads of Departments
or remain unexpended by the heads of Depart-
ments, is to call qu the heads of Departments
who have drawn the funds to show how much
ot the hinds they have drawn are really unex-
pended and will not be needed for the current
fear.
What is the next step? The next step is
tba- on receipt of such statement the head of
the Department to which it is sent shall cause
to be certified thereon how much of the unex-
pended balances will be required to meet out-
standing liabilities, &c., and lie shall return
that to the Secretary of the Treasury. Now,
put the two things together; first, near the
close of the fiscal year it is the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury to put the inquiry
to the heads ot the several Departments how
much of the moneys credited to their Depart-
ment will be needed in their Departments in
that year. Then on their official oaths, or i«
the line of their official duties, they are to J
answer bow much. My honorable friend says !
that they, will not answer. !
Mr. SIJERMAN. How can they? They I
have not the boobs or accounts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They can answer,
I think- Take the Secretary of the Navy. His
Department asked for a deficiency this winter.
 e sent to the Secretary to know how much
of the; appropriations made for that Depart-
ment and for the several bureaus of that Depart-
meiit were really unexpended, and they sent to
as an accurate aocount of it; there was no diffi-
culty at all. Each head of a bureau certified the
condition of bis bureaato the Secretary of the
Aavy, go that the Secretary of the Navy wag
enabled to certify to the Senate of the United
States what were the appropriations unex-
pended in the several bureaus, about twenty
millions. If they had -made that same state-
ment under a law to the Secretary of tliti
treasury it would be seen, assuming that that
was accurate, that the Secretary then would
uave had the data upon which he could have
covered into th$ Treasury the balance unex-
pended. Therefore, I submit to my honorable
'tend that the object being to ascertain the
Balances, the committee's amendment applies
o the true sources. In answer to the assertion
i&t this cannot be done, I submit that the very
proposition which the chairman of the Com-
anttee on Finance proposes leaves to the Secre-
anes the exercise of the same discretion, if I
u not misunderstand it. Let us see ■
Jlr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me to interrupt him, X will tell him just the
"terence. In his case it depends on an esti-
ate taade by .the head of the Department, who
ias not the books and accounts before him,
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 209.
and cannot tell him how wuoh if disbursed an<j
bow much to be disburstdtj white the amend-
ment. I propose leaves it «s a matter of judicial
inquiry by the proper Auditor and Comptroller
to state whether or not the money has been
paid for the service of the fiscal year. One is
a judicial fact to be determined  ftM the thing,
 nd the other is a mere estimate p &d« by the
head of a Department.
. Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Here is the point
on which I base the question, "and Such bal-
ances." What balances? "Such balances of
appropriations, aot needed for said purposes,
shall be carried to the surplus fund." Who is
to-ascertain whether they are needed or not?
Mr. SHERMAN. The proper Auditor and
Comptroller, on exAinin&tioa of the Accounts*
Mr. MORRILL, Qf Main©. If the proper
Auditor and Comptroller can ascertain that to
the satisfaction of the Senator, I submit whether
that is not precisely on a line with the amend-
ment of the Committee on Appropriations.
That is exactly what we intend to do. We say
to the Secretary of the Treasury, " You make
this investigation on the 1st day of June to
the heads ot the several Departments as to
what the balances are." Now, upon that in-
quiry we have the same means of information
that there will be under the requirements of
the Senator's amendment, and they have an
additional stimulus because here they are di-
rected specifically by blanks which are to be
prepared by the Secretary of the Treasury,
addressed to the head of each Department, and
they are to answer specifically; and then, that
being furnished, the next question is what shall
be done?
Then comes in the fifth section, which is the
third proposition of the amend moist, that upon
the return of the statement the Secretary of
the Treasury shall issue-a warrant thereon,
directing all amounts which by said statement
may be covered into the general Treasury to
I be charged to the proper appropriations; and
it further provides that it shall not be drawn
out or transferred except as other, moneys
appropriated.
I am not very confident in my pwn opinio^
because the Senator from Ohio has had very
much more experience than I have; but still
I am quite unable to see that the proposition
of the Senator is really an improvement on
that of the committee^
Mr, SHERMAN* J will state oae further
fact,
Mr, MORRILLi of fifoiae. Dqes the Sen'
ator understand that that proposition, is at all
inconsistent with the first three propositions
of the committee ? Suppose, in other words,
the honorable Senator proposes that in addi-
tion 
Mr. SHERMAN. It is inconsistent with th
first three sections. The last section of the
committee, I think, we ought to adopt any
way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. ,The first three
sections would be simply-a method by which j
to ascertain the result contemplated by the !
proposition of the Senator from.Ohio. i
Mr..SHERMAN. On the contrary, there the
Senator mistakes the effect of the amendment.
The amendment I offer confines the unex-
pended balances to the payment of two classes
of expenditure; first, where the expenditure
has accrued during the fiscal year, but the
money has not been paid out till after the year
expires; second, to the satisfaction of con-
tracts made during the fiscal year but not fully
satisfied until after the fiscal year, and that is
a question to be passed upon by the account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department.
Now, I wish to state one other fact to the
Senate, without imputing any fault to any offi-
cer, because I do not want to criticise the
conduct of officers. The present law requires
theheadsof Departments to furnish statements
of the balances of appropriations that they do
not need. X have here the statement of un-
expended balances reported by the heads of
cm/v?n1,s? ky which it appears that out of
$ 0-,000,000 of unexpended balances they
Onjy report, as being proper to be carried to
? LUnd, $7,367,000. It is manifest
taat tbey either never examined the subject or
would not examine it; it is not in the line of
tueir duty. But if you tell an accounting offi-
cer to say to a disbursing officer that unless he
pays a given fund on his expenditures of a
given year he shall not be credited, he will
t ke care not to pay except during that year;
and if hedoes it, if he misapplies public mouey,
the proper accounting officer, the Auditor and
then the Comptroller, will say, " This waspaid
from an improper fund, and we will suspend
your accounts."
The truth is the proposition of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations leaves all these un-
expended balances as a matter of estimate to
the heads or Departments ; it will operate to
some extent to call their attention to these
balances, and will require them to make an
estimate, while the amendment I have offered,
which I have drawn with great care, will re-
quire it as a matter of judicial investigation by
the accounting officers. I assure tlie Senate
that I have examined this matter carefully,
and the effect of the amendment which 1 pro-
pose will be to carry all the balances of the
annual appropriations, at the end of the fiscal
year, over to the surplus fund, unless in the
opinion of the accounting officers, as will be
shown by the vouchers furnished them, the
^mounts are needed for two specific purposes
t for the service of the previous fiscal year. Then
eeotion six of the amendment proposed by the
; Committee on Appropriations will carry alt
, the balances to the surplus fund absolutely at
the end of the second year. I think with these
two propositions we shall get rid of the unex-
pended balances on the Treasury books.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then the Sen-
ator limits his amendment to striking out oil
page 58, down to the sixth section 1
Mr. SHERMAN. \es, sir- I think the
sixth section is now the law as to the Army and
Navy.
Mr. TRHMRDLL" This is an old subject.
We have, discussed it several times before. It
is a very important question. I have been
examining the Globe to see if I could not turn
to the former debate. Wo have been trying
for several years to put some provision upon
these appropriation bills which would limit the
Departments in the expenditure of money, and
.it &eeins to nae singular that we have not been
able to aqcomplish it. I do not know hut that
the Senator from, Ohio has got an amendment
that will do it. I have not had time to study
it sufficiently to say.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
that we did last year accomplish a wonderful
reform in correcting an abuse which had grown
up in the Departments; and that was prevent-
ing the transfer of appropriations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I recollect that has been
one subject of difficulty, and this has been an-
other. We made very large, appropriations,
amounting to hundreds of millions of dollars
during the w;ar. Those appropriations were
not used when the war closed. Now they ough t
to be, I believe the technical term is, covered
into the Treasury, and those laws making the
appropriations ought to be repealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Carried to the surplus
fund.
Mr. TRUMBULL. " Carried to the surplus
.fund," if that is the proper term. Insteadofdo-
ing that, when weinquire of these Departments
how much money there is appropriated that is
not needed, they answer generally that there
is very little. I know that some of the heads
of bureaus, when called upon to report how
much of appropriation may be needed in their
bureau, say, " We cannot exactly tell; make
it large enough; we will not use the money if
it is not-needed; but it is best to be on the
