2386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
of the Secretary of the Interior, dated March
7,1870, transmitting a communication from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs and accom-
panying documents, being a power of attorney
given by the Sissetou and Wahpeton bands oi'
Sioux Indians to R, Brown ; and alsoapetition
of said Indians that they be restored to their
rights and privileges under the provisions of
the treaty of 1851, of which they were deprived
by aot of Congress of February 16, 18t>3 ; and
believing that equitable provision has already
been made for these Indians by subsequent
treaty and act of Congress, the committee aslc
to be discharged from the further consideration
of the subject.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. The same committee, to
whom was referred a letter of the Secretary of
the Interior, transmitting a copy of a commu-
nication dated the 21st ultimo, from the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs and accompanying
papers, transmitting a claim of J. & C. M.
Dailey for goods and provisions furnished the
Sioux Indians in Minnesota by request of their
agent in 18U2, amounting to '$0,200, have in-
structed me to report it back, and believing that
there is no reason why the Government should
pay this claim, the committee ask to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
subject.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were loferrcd the petitions and
p.ipeis in the cases of Emily llaync and of
Catharine Barry, praying for pensions ; as also
the petition of Margaret I). Sharp, praying an
increase of the annual pension paid to widows
of smgeons in the Navy, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
Mr. HOWELL, troin the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the petitions of
Feidinand Selieiblich and Catherine Dreseall,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration ; which wits agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mit ten on Public Buildings- and Grounds, to
w hum was referred the bill (II. It. No. 108-i)
In incorporate the Washington Market Com-
pany, reported it with amendments.
AMKXDMRNT.S TO DEFKHRSCV BILL.
Mr. HAMLIN and Mr. TRUMBULL sub-
mitted amendments intended t.o be offered to
the bill (II. R. No. liMfi) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for the
fiscal year ending .Iiuie r,(), 1H70, and for other
purposes; which were referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
OIISKQIIIKS OK GKNUn.ll, TIIOMAS.
i he VICE PRESIDENT. By ajoint reso-
lution, unanimously passed by Congress in
regard to the death of Major General Thomas,
the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives were directed
to make such arrangements in connection with
Ins obsequies as should attest the sympathy of
Congress in the national bereavement. The
Chair reports the following as having been
agreed to by the two officers named.
The Secretary read as follows:
Forty-First Ooxcitnss United Si'atks,
Wasiiinqtox, i). 0„ April i, 1870.
To tli  Senate find House of Jirpreaentatives:
The undersigned, who were directed by tho joint
vo-olutnn unanimously pn*«<l by Congress to laako
Midi arrangements in connection with thuoWqnics
Ot Iilujor General George 11. Thomas as will attest
tho sympathy of Congic,-^ at. thy national bereave-
Micnt, ru«pectlully report the following for your
iwroval:
[. A meeting in tho Hall of tho House of Repre-
sentatives on Tuesday evening. Apnt 5. at oight
o'clock, to ho presided over by General J. 1>. (Jo;-:,
Secretary of tho Interior, and to be under the super-
vision ot the committee of arrangements uppointed
by tho oncers who- served with Major General
Thomas. The Senators and Representatives to
attend said meeting.
II. Ajoint committee of thirteen, to he composed
of six Senators and seven Representatives, to attend
the funeral of General Thomas as representatives of
the Congress of the United States.
SCHUYLER OOW?AX,
Vice, President and President of tho iSr'natc.
J.0. BXiAINB,
Speaker of the J/ouuc of lieprcaentatives.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon concurrencc.
The report was concurred in.
KILLS INTKODtrCliU
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 747) to regulate judicial proceedings, and
for other purposes ; which was rend twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say that that
bill is prepared by one of tho judges of one of
tho district courts of tlui United States, and in
presenting it 1 do not give it tho benefit or dis-
favor of my approval. Many of its subjects are
worthy of attention, and 1 have therefore pre-
sented it for consideration.
Mr. FLANAGAN nsked_, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 7-18) to incorporate the Southern Pacific
Railway Company, and granting the same the
right ot way from the Itio Grande to San Diego,
California; which was read twice by its title,
referred to tho Committee on the Pacific Itail-
load, and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 7T.I) to provide for an American lino of
mail and emigrant passenger steamships be-
tween New York and Copenhagen and other
Scandinavian or Gorman ports ; which was read
twice by its title.
I Mr. KENTON'. T desire to say that I know
j but little about tho grounds of the proposition
, contained in this bill. I have been asked by
' the highly respectable firm of Messrs. ltuger
& Co.. of New York, to present it, and am
authorized to say that the bill as now presented
is essentially modified and changed from the
bill previously, introduced and upon which the
Committee on Commerce reported adversely.
I am asked to present this bill, and move its
reference to tho Committee on Commerce.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
730) for continuing the St. Paul and Sioux Cily
railroad across tho Territory of Dakota to Yanc-
ton, and for continuing the land grant in aid
of the, same ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed,
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 751) to disapprove an act of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Idaho, passed
January lo, 1809, and forotherpurposes; which
was read twicc by its title, referred to the Com-
mit, tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 702) for the survey of the Columbia river
in the State of Oregon and Washington Terri-
tory; which was read twice by its title, referred
to tho Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 703,1 relating to building in the city of
Washington, and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed,
DUBATE ON GEOKQIA DILL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I send to the Chair a
resolution, upon which I desire to make a
remark or two before it is acted upon, after it
is read for information.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires the
present consideration of the resolution to
enable the Senator to speak upon it, except by
unanimous consent.
Tho Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Resolved, That upon tho resumption of tho consid-
eration oi* the Georgia bill there shall be no adjourn-
ment or recess until tho final vote bo taken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan desires to make a remark in
explanation of the resolution. Is there objec-
tion to hearing the Senator ?
Mr. THURMAN. I object to the consider-
ation of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
objects to the consideration of the resolution,
but does not object to a remark by the Senator
if he desires to make it.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the resolution goes over,
let the remark go over also.
Mr. CHANDLER. I give notice that I
shall call it up to-morrow.
JOINT INDIAN COMMITTEE.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Senate bill No.
252, to provide for tho sale of certain lots and
lands of the sea islands of Beaufort county,
South Carolina, and for other purposes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
now resume, under the new rule, the consider-
ation of resolutions which have been laid over.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
concurrent resolution of tho House of Repre-
sentatives relative to the appointment of ajoint
Indian committee, which had been amended
by the Senate to read as follows:
Jlesolvcd by the llome of Jieprenentatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That a joint special oomtnitteo, to con-
sist of ton members, fivo from tbo Senato and five
from tho IIouso, bo appointed, to whom shall bo
referred the propriety of a chango or modification of
tho Indian policy and system of governing the Indian
tribes; and said committee shall have power to ex-
amine witnesses, to send for persons ana papers, and
to employ a clerk at the same compensation allowed
a olerk of a standing committoo of tho Senate.
The pendingquestion was on the amendment
of Mr. Drake, which was to amend the reso-
lution by striking out the words " to examine
witnesses, to send for persons and papers,and,"
Mr. DRAKE. When the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. IIaulan] made the suggestion he did the
other day about tho clerk of the committee I
consented to a modification of my proposition
to slriko out the whole closing clause of that
resolution; but upon explanation made on the
other side of the Chamberthat each of the Com-
mittees on Indian Affairs of the two Houses
have a_clerk, 1 think it is better to retain my
proposition in its original form ; and I there-
lore move to strike out the whole concluding
clause of the resolution, including the clerk to
the committee as well as the power to examine
witnesses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the resolution bo indefinitely postponed.
Mr. SUMNER. That motion opens the
whole question, does it not Y
'The VICE PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand this resolution
has the support of the Indian Committee, rep-
resented by my honorable friend, the Senator
from Jowa.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Not a very
energetic support.
Mr. I-IARLAN. The committee were unan-
imous, I think, in reporting this resolution
and in t,heir recommendation that it should be
adopted. 'The support of the resolution may
not have been as vigorous as the Senator from
Vermont would desire. Had he been on that
committee doubtless the support would have
been much more vigorous and able.
Mr. SUMNER. I was about to observe that
if the support of the resolution had not been
strong, the opposition is not obnoxious to any
such criticism. My friend, the Senator from
Vermont, has been strong against the resolu-
tion. Now, it is not for me to become a parti-
san of a resolution like this reported by the
Senator from Iowa, the chairman of the Com-
