428
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 2,
IIq. of Reps.
Income Tax—Mr. Stiles.
41st Cong 2d Sess.
the duty from the tools that ho uses to prose-
cute bis trade; make it^ as it was before the
Republican party same into power. Let us
have the old Democratic tariffs revived as far
as we can, and at the same time pay the interest
on our debt; put the ship-builder on the same
footing he was before the war and it will be all
the assistance he will require. Then once
more American shipping will be seen on every
sea, and the ship-yards now idle will resound
willi the busy hum of industry.
TKADE UNIOXS.
But, Mr. Speaker, it has been asserted that
the trade unions and the eight-hour laws have
had a great deal to do with the decline of ship-
building. Thisis untrue. Almost every Amer-
ican ship was swept from the ocean long be-
fore the country became agitated by trade
unions. Ship-building had received its death
blow before a single society was organized!
Trade unions came as the result of high tariff
and speculations of capitalists. The working
men of this country were hounded on to it.
Labor should always be the handmaid of capi-
tal, and the two great interests should go hand
in hand, one balancing the other, and working
harmoniously together. But capital and capi-
talists are always aggressive and oppressive
when they can and dare. Labor always bears its
assaults until it can bear them no longer ; and
whan it asks relief or organizes or attempts to
organize to repel such assaults by demanding
pecuniary remuneration commensurate with
capital,then the cry of ''Conspiracy!" "Con-
spiracy! " is raised; and oftentimes the capi-
talists have gone so far as to arrest the artisans
who have combined together to demand higher
wages. Indeed, in the State of Now York the
Republican party have kept a law upon our
statute-books for a number of years past mak-
ing any attempt on tho part of workingmen
who should combine together to get higher
wages for themselves and craftsmen a crime
punishable with line and imprisonment; and
it was not until this winter, when a Demo-
cratic Legislature repealed the law, that the
foul blot was wiped out. When capitalists
buy all the flour in the land, raising the price
per barrel from six dollars to sixteen dollars ;
when all the corn is bought up and stored;
when speculators gamble in beef and pork,
and control tho entire provision market,
quadruple the price per pound of all the
laborer and the mechanic bays to eat, not one
word is said, no cry of conspiracy is heard.
Oh, no; thisis all legitimate trade! The news-
papers shout out, "Good times!" "Prosper-
ous country!" It matters not if the poor
man's family suffer for want of bread owing to
the high price of Hour. No one desires to
indict the wicked conspirators; but if tho
butchers or bakers, the men who butcher the
cattle or bake the flour, combine and demand
higher wages, they, forsooth, are criminals.
I think trade unions just and proper. If cun-
ning and designing men sometimes direct these
organizations from their proper channels to
serve their personal ends, it is no fault of tho
noblo purpose for which they were formed.
There can be no nobler object, no loftier am-
bition among men than their banding together
to aid and protect each other, to fix a price
upon the labor of their hands, and firmly re-
solve that that which they have earned by toil
shall not be wrung from them by fraud !
Trade unions are not of to-day nor yester-
day ; they have an antiquity greater than the
Bible. The ancient order of Free Masons, now
known throughout Christendom, was formed
by master mechanics long before the sacrod
Scriptures were written.
JUGlIT-nOCK LAW.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will refer to that trouble-
some question—the eight-hour law. This ques-
tion has caused much debate in these Halls.
The committee having the matter in charge
refuse to report. This House has refused to
entertain any resolution calling upon them so
to do. Two resolutions offered at different
times by colleagues, both Democrats, [Mr.
Cox and Mr. Mayham,] have been voted down.
I will not speak for my party in the matter,
but I will speak for my State when I say i am
in favor of the eight-hour law, and am happy
to inform the gentlemen that the great State
of New York, now under Democratic control,
after repealing the conspiracy laws, have passed
the eight-hour law. I think that eight hours
a day is long enough for any human being,
white or black, male or female, to labor. I
refer now to our workshops and factories. I
do not mean to apply this rule to agricultural
or domestic pursuits, or any out-door employ-
ment where the work depends upon the state
of the weather, as occurs in seed-time and
harvest; but eight hours a day, day after day,
is enough to toil. The old plan of laboring,
from the rising of the sun to the setting thereof,
is a relic of barbarism, only fitted to serfdom
and slavery. Those dark days of want and
toil, when tho poor man had to eat his break-
fast by candle-light in the early morning, then,
at noon to pick with his fingers his cold dinner
out of a tin pail and wash it down with a cup
of cold coffee, and then to eat his supper at liis
bedtime, thanks to enlightenment, freedom,
and trade unions, are fast passing away, and
before tho eve of the nineteenth century will
belong to the dead past 1 I hope the working-
men of this country will agitate this question
far and wide throughout this land, and that
their wholesome example will find followers
throughout the world, until nowhere can be
found a being in the image of his Maker who
shall be like unto a beast of burden!
An American mechanic, Mr. Speaker, can
accomplish as much in eight hours as most of
Europeans can in ten hours; and this is uni-
versally acknowledged. It cannot bo urged
successfully that this will interfere with any of
the trades, for if the eight-hour system is
adopted as law there will be none of tlie loiter-
ing and idling that was so much practiced
under the old system of ten hours. The time
must be spent in active labor; men will be
expected to work and must work or the system
will be brought into disrepute, and the very
men for whose benefit it was intended will ask
for its repeal. The employ6 must make his
labor profitable to tho employer or there will
be no employment. The whole system regu-
lates itself, it must of necessity bo reciprocal
as regards pecuniary profits—a striking exam-
ple is afforded us in the building of ships, when
there was no profit to bo had for tho capitalist
there were no more ships built.
Incomc Tax.
REMARKS OP HON. JOHN D. STILES,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
Ijr the House op Representatives,
June 2, 1870,
Tho HJuso having under consideration tho ((ucstion
of recnacting tho law to tax incomes.
Mr. STILES. Mr. Speaker, I am the only
member of this body that voted against this
tax in the Thirty-Seventh Congress when it first
became a law. Out of the ten that then pro-
tested against it I am the only one that holds
a seat in this Congress. I was satisfied it was
wrong then, and time has strengthened my
first convictions of its inequality and injustice.
It was passed during the war as a war measure,
as a necessity, it was an odious tax in the be-
ginning, and has continued to be so ever since.
The people submitted to it in the firm belief
that when the war ended this sort of taxation
should cease. They had a right to so believe.
Congress plighted the faith of this Government
to the people that at this time this inquisito-
rial, unequal, unjust system of taxation should
die a natural death. And Congress, as if anti-
cipating popular condemnation, limited its
operation and existence. I read from the law:
" The taxes on incomes herein imposed shall be
levied on tho 1st day of March, and be due and pay-
able on or before the 30tt. day of April in each yeur
until and including the year 1S70, and no longer."
The time for the duration of this tax has
expired by its own limitation. Unlike any
other kind of taxation imposed upon the peo-
ple, it has breathed out its existence. And you
propose to reenact it, to breathe into it new
life. And, sir, you propose to do so in direct,
absolute violation of a contract made with the
tax-paying people of this country. I ask, in
the name of the people, whether they have not
a right to complain, to protest against such a
violation of a solemn covenant? Until the year
1870, and "no longer," is your contract. But,
sir, if there had been no plighted faith upon
your part, common justice requires that in the
reduction of taxes this odious law should never
be reenacted.
It is the most expensive kind of taxation. It
is estimated that less than three hundred thou-
sand people pay the whole of the $30,000,000
raised by incomes. We need no more to con-
vince any man who is disposed to be just that,
tho tax is unequal in its operations. Thou-
sands escape its provisions. I know it is
claimed that the rich men pay this tax. Not
so. The rich generally pay none. The poorer
classes always pay the taxes. I am in favor
of its absolute, unconditional repeal, because
it creates a horde of officers who are eating out
the very substance of the people. This tax
requires twenty-six hundred and seventy-one
assessors and assistant assessors for its assess-
ment. In addition to this there are collectors
and hundreds of clerks in the different depart-
ments of the Treasury whose sole business
relates to the assessment and collection of
incomes. It supports an army of Radical
office-holders, whose main business, aside from
their official duties, is interference in elections.
Aside from all that, it exposes to the public
gaze the financial condition of every business
man who is honest enough to comply with its
monstrous exactions. Prying in its character,
a man is required under solemn oath to dis-
close all the sources of income, from what-
ever cause, and give an annual account of his
business, showing in many cases his misfor-
tunes and reverses. The watchful creditor
glances at the report, and failing to see rapid
success in business, withdraws his aid, and
bankruptcy and ruin reaches many an honest
man, and blasts forever the hopes, joys, and
comforts of many a happy home.
The horrors of such an anti-American law
as this should be condemned now, and should
be blotted from our statutes as a relic of bar-
barism. There is no necessity for this inquis-
itorial rule to obtain revenue. According to
official reports $410,000,000 have been collected
from all sources during this fiscal year. With
an economical administration of the Govern-
ment you can dispense with this tax, and also
with that other obnoxious part of your bill—•
the stamp tax—and yet pay the interest of the
public debt, and as gradually as is expedient
reduce the principal of the public debt. Repeal
your stamp duties._ I have voted against theui,
and shall vote against any bill containing such
odious features. Our ancestors suffered the
horrors and persecutions of a stamp tax, and
some now living have not forgotten the odium
of the stamp act of other days. Strip your bill
of all these objectionable features, and our
constituents will rejoice with us in the return
of better times.
The popular voice and the public press
everywhere clamor for the repeal of all these
