3330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
safe sid«;" and out of over $100,000,000, it
seems they only reported $7,000,000 that could
be turned over to the surplus fund.
Now, it. is very important as every one will
sep, if the action of Congress ia to amount to
anything, and if we are to have any control
over the disbursements made by the Govern-
ment, that the money should not be left thus
at loose ends, hundreds of millions appropri-
ated and unused which these bureaus and
Departments may continue to use as they may
find occasion for. I do not see myself why
we might not repeal these appropriations abso-
lutely. I suggest that to the Senator from
Ohio. I am not sufficiently familiar with this
matter and did not know it was coming up to-
day, and 1 have not looked into the various
statutes. It would take, I presume, a long
time for me to become sufficiently advised
on the subject so as to draw a p^pvision that
would accomplish the object. The Senator
from Ohio has turned his attention to it and
thinks he has such a provision. I hope he has.
i shall certainly support it nnless the matter
can be made more specific. Now, I should
like to inquire of him what would be the objec-
tion to repealing absolutely all those provis-
ions of law which made appropriations dur-
ing the war? This grows out ot the war. The
war has been closed for four or five years.
Suppose we were to repeal absolutely every
statute, in general terms, appropriating money
for any purpose whatever, that was passed
prior to 1866?
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will look
at the book which I hold in my hand he will
find a long list of appropriations which in their
nature ought not to be repealed ; for instance,
the appropriations for the interest on the public
debt, and for paying for the expenses of the
collection of the customs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The appropriation for
the interest of the public debt we make annu-
ally, do we not?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir. There is in this
book a return of what are called the perma-
nent and indefinite appropriations. They are
in the nature of permanent appropriations. It
would be utterly idle to put them in the annual
appropriation bills. There are certain objects
that must be secured beyond peradventure of
the failure of Congress to pass the appro-
priation bills. If the Senator will look at this
list he will see that they are all of that char-
ftctcir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Could not they be ex-
cepted? Is there no way in which we could
make an absolute repeal of those old statutes?
Mr. SHERMAN. The very amendment I
have drawn excepts them and carries to the
surplus fund everything that is not necessary
for the expenditures of the present fiscal year.
If the Senator can make it more specific I
should be glad to have him do so. If be will
read it carefully he will find that these are
excepted, and all other balances carried to the
surplus fund.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is this amendment suf-
ficiently specific as to the time when they are
lo be carried there?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "And said balances,
not needed for said purposes, shall be carried
to the surplus fund; provided, that this section
shall not apply to appropriations known as
permanent or indefinite appropriations." Now,
why not put on another proviso to repeal all
the appropriations formerly made up to a cer-
tain date ? Would not that get rid of the whole
of this difficulty at once?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it might be danger-
ous to do that. I think this carries there to the
Fiirplns fund. It is a general act, and they can-
not. be taken out of tbeeurplus fund without an
appropriation by law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I admit I have not suf-
ficiently studied this matter to enable me to sug-
gest any improvement upon the amendment;
but I see the Senator from Maine and the Sen-
ator from Ohio have not entirely agreed in
reference to it. I wish they would take the time
to make it so specific that there shall hereafter
be no trouble about it. I shall vote for the
proposition of the Senator from Ohio, and shall
be very glad if it accomplishes the object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
from Illinois will pardon me, I will call his
attention to pages 65 and 50 of the bill, in
which some of the difficulties to which he re-
fers have been anticipated by the Committee
on Appropriations and provided for to some
extent. That class of indefinite and perma-
nent appropriations have been examinee! under
instructions from the Senate, and a provision
for their repeal has been made, as he will see,
by reference to those two pages of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see that those pnges
repeal specific laws, but the House put in a
sweeping provision of repeal. It seems to me
it is certain that under the general provision
of the House we should have repealed all these
appropriations; but when yon come to specify
them, whether you have specified them all or
not, I cannot say.
Mr. MOltRILL, of Maine. Nor is it per-
haps quite easy to tell whether it is so; but
upon the very best examination, under the in-
struction of a resolution introduced by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, the committee studied that
question thoroughly, examined all the appro-
priations of a permanent and indefinite char-
acter with a view of ascertaining what could
safely be repealed and what eould not. It will
be seen by a reference to the bill 'hat several
of that class of appropriations which are called
indefinite and which relate to the expenses of
the war have been repealed. I make that re-
mark beeanse it is in reply to a suggestion of
the Senator whether'it would not be proper to
repeal all the appropriations with reference to
the war. There may be some of an indefinite
or permanent character touching the war which
are not repealed, but none occurs to me at the
present time.
The Senator will see on page 56 of the bill
that u sections one and seven of the act of
March 3, 1849, being an appropriation to pay
for horses, males, Stc., lost or destroyed while
in the military service," are repealed. That
is an old act; but during the war it became
vastly more important than prior to the war.
The committee were satisfied that that might
be repealed, but they required, as will be seen
by the last clause of that amendment, that
" hereafter it shall be the duty of the proper
Department to submit estimates for the ex-
penses and expenditures under these several
heads." That is to say, instead of having what
are called permanent and indefinite appropria-
tions, which may be drawn upon indefinitely
as to amount and as to time, there does not
seem to be as to this class of cases any real
difficulty in the heads of Departments making
the estimates annually for them so as to bring
the subjects distinctly before Congress.
Mr. HAMLIN. We made very excellent
progress with this bill last evening ; and I
think if we take a recess this afternoon from
half past four until seven o'clock we can get
this bill out of committee and agree to all the
amendments which do not lead to a division,
and thus be ready to-morrow morning to close
it up upon those only on which there will be
disagreement. I therefore move that the Sen-
ate take a recess from half past four o'clock
until seven o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to that motion?
Mr. HOWARD. I object, and I beg to say
one word.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am on the floor still.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine still retains the floor.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to pass over this bill
for the purpose of giving me the opportunity
of making the motion for a recess.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to stale a reason
for not holding a session this evening. ]'|,e
Committee on the Pacific Railroad hold a meet-
ing this evening at half past seven o'clock, at i
which eleven Senators will be present, and
must be present in order to transact business
properly, as flie committee consists of that
number, and it will be utterly impossible Tor
that committee to be in attendance here (his
evening if they do their duty as a committee,
as I trust they will. We have a subject of a
great deal of importance before us that ought
to be disposed of.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Why not have
that meeting to-morrow morning?
Mr. HOWARD. The meeting of the com-
mittee is already called.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to suggest further
that the session of last evening was devoted to
those portions of the bill which did not pro;
duce a division, and any amendment on which
a division was required was passed over. The
session of this evening would be little more
than a formal one ; that is, to dispose of such
parts of the bill as would not lead to a division
or discussion in the Senate, so as to bring the
bill into the Senate to-morrow morning and
then act upon those portions which Senators
want to divide upon. That was my object in
submitting the motion, and we can just as well
do it as not. I suppose the Senator's com-
mittee will meet here, and if there is a divis-
ion they can have an opportunity of voting.
I think we had better do it.
Mr! WILLIAMS. I submit to the Senator
that there is nothing left in this bill that I
know of about which there will not be a divis-
ion. We passed over one or two matters about
which it will be necessary to divide, and I sup-
pose that the amendments that will be pre-
sented by the different committees here will, of
course, be contested.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We are on the lastsec-
tion of the bill now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know of any-
thing there is left, except such amendments as
may be introduced by other committees, on
which it will not be necessary to have a divis-
ion. There are two or three amendments passed
over, about which we must divide.
Mr. HAMLIN. There are several amend-
ments, I know, to be proposed; probably I
may propose one or two myself. I am not
certain about it. I know the Senator from
Rhode Island proposes to submit one, and I
think there are other Senators who propose to
submit amendments, which we could consider
this evening, and get them through committee,
and then they will all be ready to be acted
upon in the Senate, and with a full Senate, to-
morrow morning. My object is to forward
business along, and it seems to me we can do
it in that way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If my colleague
will yield to me, if he proposes to make this
motion, I hope he will enjoin it upon the Sen-
ate not to leave us without a quorum, as was
the case last evening. I should be very glad
if the Senate would agree to meet here this
evening and proceed with this bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I should like to submit the
question to the Senate, and let them determ-
ine it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Maine insists on his motion to pass over the
pending bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do; but only for the
purpose of enabling the Senate to determine
whether they will have an evening session or
not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine has stated the object of his motion. The
question is on the motion.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 23, noes 20.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move that the Sen-
ate take a recess from half past four o'clock
until seven o'clock.
