1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
appreciation by the people of his State of his
preeminent abilities as a statesman and of his
sterling qualities as a man.
As chairman "of the Finance Committee of
the Senate he took a leading part in shaping
the legislation that provided the "sinews of
war" during the rebellion, and although his
natural conservatism often led him to hesitate
to adopt some of the financial measures which
the emergeucy required, his doubts always
yielded to the necessities of the case, and he
maintained from the first the rights of the Gov-
ernment to adopt any measures however arbi-
trary to preserve its existence. At a most criti-
cal period of the war, July 6, 1864, after having
performed the arduous duties of his position
in the Senate for nearly eight months, worn
down with fatigue and suffering from physical
exhaustion, he was called by President Lincoln
to the Cabinet as Secretary of the Treasury.
And as he expressed himself in a letter to a
friend at that time: "At whatever risk of
health or reputation, I am compelled to accept.
I dare not take the responsibility of declining
at such a crisis."
Making no pretensions as a financier, and
having no particular policy or theories on the
subject of finance, he had what in such a crisis
was vastly better than either, a character to in-
spire that confidence which is the soul of credit
and an abiding faith in the ability and determin-
ation of the American people to sustain then-
Government. With an apparent stagnation in
military movements, the people, heart-sick with
" hope deferred," an Army to be recruited,
maintained, and paid ; with demands pressing
for payment on an empty Treasury, few men
ever assumed weightier responsibilities, and
none ever met such more manfully or discharged
them more honestly and successfully. lie im-
mediately put himself in communication with
the capitalists of the country by calling a meet-
ing of baukers at New York, slated to them in
a straight-forward, business-like manner the
financial condition and needs of the Govern-
ment, his desire to gather opinions from all
sources and listen to advice from any who might
offer it.
Although this meeting tended to strengthen
the confidence of capitalists in the new Secre-
tary and to improve the national credit, as was
seen in the immediate decline in gold, it failed
to provide the needed funds. liis next step
was to issue art appeal to the people of the
United States, reminding them that it was their
war; that they had proclaimed it and carried
it on thus far; that if they now contributed
their money to continue it the end was not far
distant, as the rebels were nearly exhausted.
If they kept their money for speculations and
gold gambling they might make larger imme-
diate incomes for the time, but they would lose
that without which nO investments would have
any value—the prosperity of our institutions
and the safety of the nation. The response to
the appeal was electric. Money which had
been locked up came forth into the market and
the wheels of trade began to move again. The
press of the country seconded the efforts of the
Secretary with its powerful influence, and the
$200,000,000 authorized by law were speedily
poured into the Treasury.
Mr. Fessenden's idea was that the cause
could not be gained unless the people were
determined to gain it, and an appeal to their
purses would be the shortest road to ascertain
the true extent of their energies and determin-
ation. At the beginning of his administration
of the Treasury in July, 1864, gold was 270 to
280. When in March, 1865, he left it to resume
his seat in the Senate it had fallen to 198, and |
the national credit was correspondingly im-
proved. I know it is said that financial success
during the war depended upon military success,
but is it not equally true that military success
depended upon financial success? ,
At the period I have referred to the former
followed the latter. I have dwelt at some ;
length upon this brief period in the public life !
of Mr. Fessenden because I have always felt
that the services he so quietly and unostenta-
tiously rendered the country at this critical
juncture had never been duly appreciated,
and also becausc it illustrates particularly his
most valuable traits of character : his compre-
hensive statesmanship; his unselfish patriot-
ism, the readiness and availability of his pow-
ers in a case of emergency, and his firm,
abiding faith in the patriotism of the Ameri-
can people. Holding positions in the Govern-
ment which afforded him great opportunities
to enrich himself, he was never suspected of
prostituting them to that purpose. With abilities
that would have brought him large wealth in
his profession he gave his time to the service
of his country and left that service as poor as
he entered it.
I regret to feel that such virtue in a public man
calls for special commendation. The worst
; enemy of Mr. Fessendes never dare to ques-
tion his scrupulous integrity. He was indeed
God's noblest work, an honest man. He ap-
peared to regard with supreme indifference
criticisms on his public acts, seldom betraying
any emotions or taking any pains to correct
public opinion when he was assailed or his
motives misjudged ; yet ho was not unmindful
of the approbation of his fellow-men, but was
governed by the conviction that it could best
be permanently secured by deserving it.
To say that Mr. Fessendhn had no faults
would be to claim for him exemption from the
frailties of humanity ; but his faults were not
of the meaner but of the nobler kind,
"And e'on his failings leaned to virtue's side."
In manner bo was cold, reserved, and some-
what aristocratic, communing little with his
fellow-men. His private life was retired and
unostentatious. He had but few intimate
friends, and shrank almost instinctively from
that general acquaintance and notoriety in
which persons differently constituted find de-
light; but for those who did enjoy his confi-
dence and esteem his friendship, though not
demonstrative, was strong and enduring, and
by such he was admired and beloved, and it
j was difficult for them to understand how he
could be regarded as cold and selfish. They
saw in the cold exterior and somewhat proud
reserve a manly independence and a contempt
of meaningless or hypocritical professions, and
beneath it a generous nature and a warm heart.
Such, sir, is the man whose life and services
we this day commemorate and whose loss we
mourn. The nation has few such to spare
from its councils. May we emulate his virtues,
and so live and serve our country that when
we depart we may deserve from it the plaudit
which is to-day so heartly bestowed on our
departed friend, " Well done, good and faithful
servant."
Mr. Speaker, I now offer the following reso-
lutions :
Resolved, That this House has heard with deep
sensibility the announcement of the death of Hon.
William Pitt I'essenden, a Senator in Congress
from the State of Maine.
ltemlvedx That as a testimony of respect for the
memory of the deceased the members and officers of
[his House will wear the usual badge of mourning
lor thirty days.
Resolved, That the proceedings of thi? House in
relation to the death ot Hon. Wii.i.i \5tprrt "Fessex-
uex he communicated to his familv by the Clerk.
: llesolved. That us a further mark ot respect forthe
\ memory of the deceased thisliouoo do now adjourn.
I Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to second
| the resolutions. I cannot let the occasion pass
without adding a few words to the record in
; memory of a man for whom I entertained so
| much respect and admiration as I did for the late
Senator from Maine. But little can be added
to what has been said in the public press and
public addresses of the history and character
of the statesman whose death the people of his
own State and the country at large at this time
so sorrowfully mourn.
William Pitt Fessendejj had a reputation
for ability varying but little with classes of
men or in periods of time, and it has been lay
some one truly remarked that the character-
istics exhibited in his congressional life were
conspicuously displayed by him at the early age
of seventeen. In his earliest professional and
political career he took a place in the front
rank of eminent public men and easily held it
to the' end.
In his earlier life and for a long period of
time the practice of the law" was his delight
ful avocation. He had a natural legal mind.
He would have excelled in all respects as a
judge, and I have reason to believe that for
many years he entertained an opinion that it
would have satisfied his tastes and inclination
to have occupied a place on the bench.
Until the formation of the present Repub-
lican party of the country having his associa-
tions with the Whig party as a compeer of
George Evans, of Maine, and an admirer and
close friend of Daniel Webster, of Massachu-
setts, although highly esteemed by his Demo-
cratic opponents he found them almost always
too strong an opposing organization to allow
him to .obtain any considerable political place.
Portland, however, sent him as her local rep-
resentative to the State Legislature, and in the
great upheaving of politics 'of 1840 he was
elected for a term as a Representative in the
Congress of the United States. Unfortunatelj
for the old and respectable Whig party its muni-
ments consisted more in idols than in success;
and while Mr. Fessendeh was for many times
and many years its candidate for United State?
Senator, it was not until the Democratic party
in Maine had become overthrown upon the
issues growing out of slavery that he reached
that eminent elevation. In this legislative
foruin he secured for himself a proud and en-
viable fame. To say nothing of the powers of
his mind as impressed upon other legislation,
his report as chairman of the joint special
Committee on Reconstruction will be an en-
during monument to his memory. Its clear
statements, fairness of proposition, and sound
reasoning swayed the public mind at a critical
moment in the affairs of our country when we
could not see our way clearly through the per-
plexing questions which beset us. I recollect
well its powerful effect upon the minds of those
in my section of the country who were inclined
to look upon our prospects and situation with
dissatisfaction. It was unanswerable. His elo-
quent friend, Hon. James S. Pike, thus well
characterizes it:
"Mr. Fessenden's report on reconstruction stands
as the ablest political document drawn during tho
wnr, and if it does not exhibit initiative, it displays
what is better, namely, a clear comprehension of a
wholly novel political situation, amasterly interpre-
tation of its phenomena, and a lucid exposition of the
true method of treatment of avast and perplexing
national disorder."
Although Mr. Fes sendee in some quarters
has been called cool and conservative in meet-
ing the issues of peace succeeding war, I have
abundant reason to believe that at that time
lie would have gone beyond the recommenda-
tions of his report and in the direction we have
since taken but for the counsels of men
esteemed more radical than he that the mo-
ment for it had not arrived.
As an advocate or debater Mr. Fesshn'Dex's
qualities could hardly be surpassed. He had
clearness, directness, and earnestness, impelled
by great mental force. His mind worked with
the smoothness of machinery, without friction
or chafe; his perceptions were clear and exact,
and so clearly did he see the truth or falsehood
of almost every proposition he may have been
impatient at times with the workings of other
minds which moved with less rapidity and
thoroughness than his own. It was said of an
eminent British orator that his intellect was
all feeling and his feeling all intellect. I have
often thought of Mr. Fessenden* that his feel-
ing was but intellect, for when his mind was
enkindled to a blaze in the cause he advocated
all the qualities of his head and heart seemed
to conspire to furnish the intellectual and mag-
netic force commanded by him. His style was
