430
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Income Tax—Mr. Winchester.
41st Cong....2dSess.
X have not, for want of time and opportun-
ity, designed to make an argument, but rather
to present for consideration objections to the
provisions of this bill not conspicuously pre-
sented by others. For reasons which I have
stated, as well as those given by other gentle-
men here, I am opposed to this entire system
of taxation by the Federal Government.
Income Tax.
REMARKS OF HON. B. WINCHESTER,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the Hoose op Representatives,
June 2, 1870,
On the bill (II. R. No. 2015) to roduoo internal taxes,
and for other purposes.
Mr. WINCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, the re-
vision of the tariff and a reduction of internal
taxation are measures which have been loudly
called for by the condition of the country, but
us yet have received no response. We are
more heavily taxed than the people of any other
country in the world. Not even those nations
of Europe which have been piling up enormous
national debts for centuries, through ambitious
and dynastic wars, and which have to support
extensive monarchical Governments and aris-
tocracies, are burdened as is this young Repub-
lic. We have paid into the Treasury since 18G5
$1,900,000,000. The extent and atrocity of the
taxation which has thus called upon the labor-
ing masses for the product of their sweat and
labor to niaintian an extravagant and corrupt
Government defies comment. It has placed
over us an army of spies, detectives, assessors,
and collectors, who meet us at every corner of
the streets mid in every avenue of business. No
portion of this burden 1ms been more odious,
oppressive, and demoralizing in its influence
than that known as the income tax.
No tax ever imposed has been regarded by
the people as more obnoxious since the estab-
lishment of free government, unless it be our
iniquitous tariD", which limits the amount and
quality of thefood and raimentof the consumer
for the benefit of a few producers. It was gen-
erally believed and hoped that by limitation in
the law this tax would cease in the present
year, 1870; but rather than displace the hungry
harpies who feed upon thin branch of Iho rev-
enue its continuance was secured by a forced
construction, and wo arc noiv asked to rcouuet,
a law scarcely hiss execrated than was the
stamp and tea acts of George III by our fathers.
The great mass of the people are for the repeal
of the imeoinc tax, its entire and absolute re
peal. The President in liis message partially
iceognizes this iaet when he uiges its reduc-
tion to three per cent, and its expiration in
t luee years. This tax is an exotic transplanted
here Iron) the British system of finance, and
from its inquisitorial scrutiny is unsuited to our
circumstances and inconsistent with the per-
sonal liberty of the citizen. It should never
be resorted to except under the presence of
unusual and extraordinary necessities of State.
It is the most, fruitful source of fraud ever
devised ; it is unfair; it is a direct provocation
ot perjury; it is levied upon the few at the
expense of the whole ; it creates spies on the
most confidential business transactions, and
maintains them at the public cost; it is care-
lessly assessed, partially collected, and occa-
sions national demoralization more than any
and all other schemes of taxation. This tax-
was first introduced by Mr. Pitt in 179fi, when
itie nlbailee with Russia against Napoleon
^teatly^iucreased the pecuniary burdens of the
war. No income u nder sixty pounds was to pay
i ny duty ; those under £105 were to pay two and
1 half per cent., and above £200 ten per cent.
I'his continued until after the peace of Paris,
when Lord Castlereagh found himself obliged
to give way to popular clamor for a modifica-
tion. The advocates of the tax in this country
have been led astray by the British precedent.
Examination shows that it was always brought
forward with apologies, and to-day its unpop-
ularity and odiousness iu the place of its birth
is illustrated in the remark of Mr. Bright, when
he denounced it as ''hateful beyond all others."
The admissions of Sir Robert Peel, who
revived the income tax in 1842, and Mr. Glad-
stone, who is more responsible than any other
man for its continuance, suffice to show that it
is far from being accepted in England as a just,
wholesome, or equitable tax; but that though
fair in appearance, though just in theory, it is
in practice essentially unjust and oppressive. I
desire for a moment to call attention to the
opinion of these statesmen, whose early opinions
are frequently sought to sustain this measure.
We have Sir Robert Peel, who in 1842 was
forced to support its revival against his own
previous and simultaneous declarations, an-
nouncing in his speeches of February 27, 1834,
and April 19, 1833:
"If I oould bring myself tn think that it would bo
desirable or expedient in the preseut state of the
country to impose such a tnx, I might he induced to
go along with him on the present occasion; but dop-
recating as I do above all things tho reimposition
jq times of peace of such an inquisitorial tax, with-
out tho most serious and overwhelming necessity, I
can neither adopt the proposal nor act on the pro-
posal of tho honorable membor."—Speech, February
27.1834..
" 1 think tho noble lord has dono well in not pro-
posing an income tax. Nothing but a caso of extreme
necessity can justify Parliament in subjecting tho
people of this country to tho inquisitorial process that
must bq resorted to in order to render {hat impost
productive." ^ * *" ' "Kucha tax is a
grout resoureo in tiino of necessity;  nd thercforo
I am unwilling, by establishing the offensive inqui-
sition by which it must be nceompanicd, to croafco
such nn odium ugainst it ns may rendet it almost
impracticable to resort to it in time of extreme neces-
sity/'— Speech, April 19,1833.
Mr. Gladstone admits the impolicy of mak-
ing the income tax a permanent part of the
fiscal system, and only defended its continu-
ance 011 its necessity as a means of carrying on
and perfecting the free-trade reform, and its
importance as a resource in great emergencies,
lie likened it to the reserve of an army, which
participates in thebattle only when its fortunes
reaches a despoiale pass. He says :
"8ir,thogonernl views oflier Majesty'sGovcrnmont
witli I'ospocl to tho income tax aro those : that it ii
nil etiffino of gigantic power for national purposes;
but at tho sumo timo tliero are circtiinstances attend-
ing its operation which m.iko it difficult, perhaps
impossible, at .my r.ito in oar opinion not desirable,
to maintain it as a portion of tho permanent and
ordinary revenue of thooountry. Xho public fooling
at its inequality is a fact most important in iUelf.
I ho inquisition it entails is a most serious disad-
vantage, (111(1 tho frauds to which it leads aro an
evil such as it is not possible to characterize in torms
too strong.*'
It, is seen that oven iu the country whose
circumstances are most favorable to it, and
where it works tho least injustice, it ia regarded
by its most ardent friends as an exceptional
measure ; to be resorted to only when all other
resources fail.
The advocates of this tax claim that it only
faljs upon the rich. This is a mistake. The
official statement made before the Committee
of Ways and Means showed that out of a pop-
ulation of forty millions there were about two
hundred and seventy-two thousand who paid
this tax. The classification is as follows:
Whole No. Tax income. Tax on each.
MK'Sfy  or 'os3 82"
WSi  500@1.000 2o@50
41,19o  1,000@2,000 50@t0n
*>•<$9  2.050^)4,000 100@200
4 464  4,000 and over 200 and over
i'lie total number of persons in this classifi-
cation who pay $100 and under that amount
exceeds two hundred and eighteen thousand,
and one hundred and seven thousand pay only
twenty dollars or less a year. Are those pay-
ing these moderate contributions to bo called
rich ? Yet they pay four fifths of thi3 unequal
tax. The number of wealthy men who are
embraced is less than ten thousand, while over
two hundred thousand with incomes barely
sufficient to sustain their families are burdened
with a tax which virtually takes bread out of
the mouths of their children.
It cannot be disputed that the pressure of this
tax is felt most keenly by men of moderate
means, who are the body of the people, and
among them most of all by those of fixed in-
comes, and those who live upon salaries derived
from others.
During the last fiscal year there were col-
lected from this source $34,000,000, of which
only $9,000,000 were paid by corporations,
the remaining $25,000,000 coming directly out
of the incomes of the people and chiefly from
the earnings of labor. The heavy percentage
is a great temptation to moneyed corpora-
tions, who too frequently manage to evade
much of the burden that the law ostensibly
imposes. It falls with oppressive severity upon
the farmer, the mechanic, the clerk, and small
business meu. It forces from them a large
revenue which should be obtained from the
wealthy classes and from the people at large.
The wealth of the nation, which is invested
in property now paying no income, but which
every year increases in value, escapes with no
tax at all.
Sir, there is no tax which is so generally
abhorred, and which falls so oppressively upon
the people, as this direct tax upon incomes.
The widow or minor living on a fixed income
has no chance to escape, and the salaried man
in the city, though he earn barely enough to
support his family, is compelled to pay not only
his own income, but a part of his landlord's,
his butcher's, and his baker's. To him the
pretended exemption is a crucl mockery. It
is not true that it is a tax which places the rich
man upon the same footing with the poor. It
is most borne by those least able to bear it. It
reaches wages and salaries, and small sums
invested for the support of the aged and infirm
and widows and orphans. It is exceedingly
onerous upon this class more especially, be-
cause it is all paid in one sum, whereas tho
indirect taxes arc all paid in small and easy
payments whenever a purchase is made. But
this tax falls in one heavy mass, very embar-
rassing and frequently distressing to people of
small means. It is claimed that this tax operates
only on profits, and not on consumption.
But, sir, is it not as much a tax on consump-
tion as customs duties. Income must be de-
rived from some form of property in general, or
from some trade or profession that produces it.
Is it not true at last that the person who pays
it puts it on to the property or to the means
from which he derives his income? Does not
the landlord in proportion advance his rents?
Does not the farmer enhance the price of his
products? So of the merchant and every one
who pays an income tax and is engaged in
business of any character. Thus in the end all
taxes, except a direct tax on property, which
is only levied by the States, and not by the Gen-
eral Government, comeoutof the consumers.
Again, sir, this tax is a plain and glaring in-
fringement of the Constitution. It is as direct
a tax as was ever imposed. The Constitution
requires all direct taxes to be apportioned
among the several States on the basis of pop-
ulation. In the second section of the first
article of that instrument we find that—
"Representatives and direct taxes shall be appoi-
ticned among tho several States which may bo in-
cluded within this Union, according to their respect-
ive numbers.
Who can gainsay that it is a palpable viola-
tion of this clause, not being collected in the
manner and way the Constitution prescribes?
Who can doubt that it is a direct tax? A poll
tax or a land tax could not be more so. All
men are not voters nor land-owners, and all
men do not have incomes. There is no dif-
ference in that respect. They stand on the
same basis. The Supreme Court has decided
