132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
simple and unstudied but marked by fine taste.
He disliked all attempt at display, and had no
ear and but little toleration for a person whom
the great dramatic poet describes as '' drawing
out the thread of his verbosity finer than the
staple of his argumentquick, though cool
and cautious, and in purpose independent and
bold, no man gained an advantage of him by
personal assault; he would strike uj>on the
weak point of his adversary with unerring aim
and resistless force.
One of the crowning traits of his character
was sterling integrity. His actions and motives
were clear, transparent; his conduct was not
based upon a formulary of morals such as in
practice would satisfy the requisitions of
society and obtain the approval of the world,
but an absolute and profound love of truth
was born in him, to which through a long life,
in all public and private relations, he most
rigidly adhered without feeling even a tempt-
ation for departure from it. His intellect as
well as heart was honest. He had the un-
bounded respect of all the courts within the
jurisdiction of which lie was known. An ex-
chief justice of Maine once told me that Mr.
Fessenden submitted a case at law to the
court and argued it with great force ; after-
ward upon reflection he became doubtful of
the value of the proposition he had maintained
and was unwilling that he should be con-
sidered as abiding by it, and so called up the
case to qualify the views he had submitted;
notwithstanding which, and all his frankness,
the court decided the case upon the objection-
able point in his favor.
Mr. Speaker, I shall never forget his internal
struggles upon the question of impeachment.
I saw the deep emotion he felt while his friends
were urging, if not demanding, his vote for the
conviction of Andrew Johnson. I knew his
deep conscientiousness on the subject, and you
and I very well knew that wherever the tend-
encies of his mind and his deliberate convic-
tions carried him, there, without regard to con-
sequences, would be stand forever. It was to
him the trying scene of a lifetime. No man in
Maine, to my knowledge or belief, ever delib-
erately offered to cast any imputation of dis-
honesty upon his proud name and record for
that vote. That it to some extent created an
alienation of feeling and sentiment toward him
cannot be denied ; what would have been the
result of such alienation upon the question of
his reelection as a Senator ayearhenee was with
him a point of the deepest interest. His soul
seemed agitated to know whether for the per-
formance of an act, however distasteful to his
friends, but dictated by his conscience, he
should stand or fall in the estimation of his
noble and beloved constituents.
He was in a position, as the poet hath it, to—
"Know how sublime a thing it is
To suffer and be strong."
His nature made him a match for any ad-
versity. And here let me say I have several
times since his death noticed in the newspa-
pers a statement that in the earlier stages of
the controversy Mr. Fessenden favored the
idea of prosecuting an impeachment. Such an
assertion is not just to his memory, for I know
that at all times and under all circumstances
he was strongly opposed to it upon all the
grounds of a wise expediency. He has always
contended that his action as a Senator upon
that memorable occasion would redound to the
future honor and prosperity of the Republican
party.
What would have been the personal future
of our great and beloved Senator had he lived
it is useless now to attempt to predict. In the
very prime of his usefulness to his State and
nation he has been taken from us. Maine has
lost a son who was always to her an idol and
the country has been deprived of one of her
most illustrious and gifted men. Thatintelli-
gent and beaming face, the gentle and modest
form, always so erect and undaunted in any
forum, the winning conversation, the charm of
simple manners, the magnetic personal pres-
ence, and the friendly encouragements whish
so won for him the affection of his friends and
associates will be familiar to us no more. It
becomes hard for me to say of such a man,
Farewell!
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The more
we advance along the pathway of life the more
deeply do we feel occasions of this sort when
we are obliged to take part in them, for death
comes nearer to us, and the shafts which hit
others will soon hit us.
I first came here into the House of Repre-
sentatives some twenty years ago. On looking
about me now I find that there are but four of
us left in public life, throe of whom are now
on the floor of this House. One is the honor-
able gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means ; another is the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, [Mr. Dixon,] and another
the chairman of the Committee on the Public
Lands, [Mr. Julian.] Death has struck down
all or nearly all who were then in the House
of Representatives ; and all who have not been
stricken down have been moreor less removed
from public life and are now hardly known to
this day or generation.
Hence do I now feel the more deeply the
death of one who was not only a contemporary
and companion in public life, but also a com-
panion in my own early life. Mr. Fessenden
was my friend, associate, room-mate, and bed-
fellow in my early boyhood. I grew up with
him in the town of Lewiston, then a compara-
tively small and unknown village in Maine, on
the Androscoggin river, on the frontier of
civilization, but now a large and populous
manufacturing town. lie was the teacher of the
village school there, while I was a boy in a coun-
try store, acting as clerk in the establishment.
He, I think, was sixteen or seventeen years of
age, a student then in Bowdoin college, Maine,
and sent forth to teaoh in the then small village
of Lewiston, where there were but very few in-
habitants, and those struggling with the forest
and the field and but little given to literature.
He was some few years older than I, but we
were almost the only persons in that village at
that time who had a love for books and who
were devoted to literary pursuits. Hence our
companionship was constant.
No place is more fitted for the education of
a young man for public life or for private life
than the position of teacher of a country school.
Accustomed to govern others aman soonlearns
to govern himself, and thus prepare himself for
that public life in which more important even
than the government of others is the govern-
ment of himself.
We studied many books together, some of
them not now very well known, such as Big-
land's History of the World, Rollin's Ancient
History, then Russell's Modern Europe, Plu-
tarch'sLives; and we read through and through
the village library, which was deemed magnifi-
cent with its forty or fifty volumes.
We afterward came into competition for pub-
lic life, though belonging to the same political
party. He became a lawyer in Portland, Maine,
and I returned there to act as editor of the
Portland Advertiser. As young men we were
rivals for the public favor, and more or less
constantly came into competition for that pub-
lic favor. I represented the town of Portland
in the Legislature of Maine some years before
he did, although younger than lie was, and
I was a candidate for Congress in that district
which he afterwards represented in the House
of Representatives, though it was largely Dem-
ocratic, by some fifteen hundred or two thou-
sand majority.
In the rivalry for public life, in that contest
of youthful ambition, we maintained oursocial
relations with each other; and in the end our
ambition was amply gratified; if not there,
elsewhere, in all the honors to which we aspired
in our early youth.
I have mentioned these facte in connection
with myself, though they may seem somewhat
personal, in order to excuse the deep feeling
which I know is manifest in the tribute I am
now paying to the friend and companion of my
youthful days and my associate afterward in
public life.
We met again in this Capitol; he in the
other branch of the Government and I in this;
and though we had been associated in political
feeling and political principles for many years
from our boyhood up, we were when we thus
met in public life called upon to part company
politically. The father of Mr. Fessenden was
an earnest Federalist. He was a distinguished
lawyer of the-State of Maine, well known
throughout New England and occupying the
highest position at the bar. His father, with
his powerful intellect, gradually educated his
rising son in the principles of the Federal party,
in which he himself had been trained and in
which he had felt such a lively interest. When
great questions arose here relating to the con-
struction of the Constitution and the adminis-
tration of the Government Mr. Fessenden nat-
urally acted upon the principles in which he
had been educated, while I followed those
which I had imbibed. I cherished deep regard
for the rights of the States, while he gave a
higher respect to the consolidated powers of
the Federal Government.
When Mr. Fessenden first entered the House
of Representatives as a member, as well as
when he took a seat in the Senate of the United
States, there were great and mighty men upon
the floor of both Houses of Congress. There
were in the House such men as McDuffie, Ser-
geant, Binney, John Quincy Adams, Wise,
Cushing, Peyton, Stanley, Evans, and Fill-
more. In the Senate there were, or recently
had been, such men as Clay, Webster, Calhoun,
Clayton, Cass, Frelinghuysen, Wright, Rives,
and Leigh. Whoever met and struggled with
those men in debate or in any contest whatever
must have been equal to the occasion or lie
could not have attained the exalted position
which Mr. Fessenden won in both Houses of
Congress.
When this House impeached the late Presi-
dent of the United States I never had a doubt
in my own mind what course Mr. Fessenden
would pursue. Many of my colleagues here
will remember that on repeated occasions I
said to them, "There can be no earthly doubt
as to the vote of Mr. Fessenden." I knew his
devotion to principle as a lawyer ; I knew that
he would look at the question, not as apolitician,
not as a statesman, not as a public man, but
as a lawyer and a jurist, and I never doubted
what his decision as a judge would be. And,
sir, his vote upon that question is an act of
which his party ought to forgive him, for, in
my judgment, the failure of impeachment saved
his party from destruction and defeat. As a
mere party man I always desired the success
of the impeachment project, though as a public
man I shrank with horror from the fatal prece-
dent. If impeachment had been successful and
the then incoming President bad been called on
to distribute the patronage and power of this
Government, who could have foreseen the
amount of disappointment and bad feeling
among the members of the party now in power
that would have been the result of that distribu-
tion of patronage prior to a presidential elec-
tion ? If impeachment had been successful the
course of the Democratic party in its nomina-
tions would have been different.
With all our devotion to intellect, with all
the love of the Democratic party for its first
and foremost men, it would have been neces-
sary and wise for us under such circumstances
to_ select some John Doe or Richard Roc who
might have won a success which the distin-
guished presidential nominee of our party failed
to secure. Hence, I say that, in my judgment,
Mr. Fessenden rendered high service to his
party by voting " no" as a judge, and by thus
relieving them from the embarrassing position
