2388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
the Senator from Missouri,
I should like to have that
amendment of
[Mr. Drake.]
Mr. EDMUNDS.
reported.
Mr. N'TE.' I hSpothe Senator will yield 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call for the regular
order.
Mr, DRAKE. I would like to oblige the
Senator from Nevada, but I think this public
measure Ought to proceed.
MESSAGi; FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clixtox Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions ; in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (II. R. No. 40) to confirm the title
of William M. Garvey to a certain tract of
land;
A bill (H. R. No. C01) declaring the con-
sent of Congress to the erection of   crib in
Lake Erie by the city of Cleveland, Ohio, for
the protection of an inlet for water-works tun-
nel about to be constructed by said city;
A bill (H. R. No. 8G9) to authorize the issu-
ing of a certificate of registry or enrollment to
tho schooners Zenas Snow and Patriot;
A bill (H. R. No. 891) for tho relief of
Charles IS. Dole;
A bill (H. 11. No. 1">42) to authorize the city
of liuffalo, New York, to construct a tunnel
under Niagara river and to erect and maintain
ati iulet pier therefrom ;
A bill (H. R. No. 10U7) for the relief of
.fanes, Fowler, Kirtland & Co.;
A bill (II. R. No. 1009) for the relief of Har-
riet E. Parker;
A joint resolution (II. 11. No. 131) grant-
ing an American register to the British-built
schooner W. 1). B.; and
A joint, resolution (H. It. No. 227) grant-
ing an American register to the British-built
schooner Venilia,
The message also announced that the House
had concurrcd in the following bills and joint
resolutions of the Senate:
The bill (S. No. 302) giviug the consent of
the United States to the erection of a bridge
across the Delaware river between Philadel-
phia and Camden;
The bill (S. No. 420) to authorize the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to adjust the
accounts of Ezra Carter, jr., late collector'of
customs at Portland, Maine;
The bill (S. No. 421) for the relief of 11. P.
Parrolt;
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 135) to return
to the executor of Thomas Jefferson ceitain
private papers ; and
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 1G7) relating
to officers of the Soldiers' Home.
The message also announced that tho House
had passed tho bill (S. No. 745) authorizing
the corporation of the city of Washington to
sot apart portions of streets and avenues as
parks for trees and walks, with an amendment;
in which tho concurrence of tiie Senate was
requested.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 440) to amend an act
entitled "An act for the relief of Alexander
J. Atocha," approved 14th February, 1805, and
the bill (II. R. No. 14'JlJfortho relief of Tobias
J. Kindelberger.
Mr. DRAKE. It was in accordance with a
suggestion of the Chair tho other day, that a
motion to amend took precedence of a motion
to strike out, that 1 offered my amendment to
the Georgia bill: but I have been requested by
Senators to withdraw the amendment for tho
present, so that the question shall recur upon
the motion of the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewakt,] ta strike out tho first proviso in the
bill; and with the permission of the Senate I
will' for the time being withdraw my amend-
ment so as to let the question come up on that
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri withdraws the amendment. The Sen-
ator from Nevada gave notice of his intention
to submit a motion to strike out.
Mr, STEWART. I submit that Motion now,
to strike out the first proviso of what is called
the Bingham amendment.
PARKING OF STREETS AND AVJSJUTBS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the Senate unanimously passed on
Friday a bill in regard to parks in this District,
which has come back with an amendment from
the House of Representatives. The chairman
of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds would like to have it acted upon. It
will be reported if there is no objection. The
Chair hears none.
The Senate proceeded to consider tho amend-
ment, of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 7-15j authorizing the corporation of tho
oily of Washington to set apart portions of
streets aud avenues as parks for trees and walks,
which was to add to the bill:
And provided further, That nothing in this not
shall authorize tho occupancy of any portion of tho
public streots or avenues for private purposes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the Senate concur in the amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to suggest to_theSen-
ator from Vermont precisely how that bill stands
if I am right. It now provides that if the mall,
or whatever you may please to call it, shall be
in the center there shall be two passage-ways
thirty-live feet on each sid«. You will find by
the text of the bill now if they shall make the
malls on either sido they will only be compelled
to leave one street in the center thirty-five feet.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Weleave that
to (ha city corporation. We have no doubt they
will do it rightly.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well.
The amendment was concurred in.
STATU OF GEORGIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of tho Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1335) to admit the State of Georgia to
representation in the Congress of the United
Slates.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report theamendmentof the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] fo the proviso
proposed to bo stricken out by tho Senator
from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart.]
The Ciiikf Ci.kih:. In lieu of the proviso
proposed to be stricken out, tho Senatorfrom
Massachusetts moves to insert the following
words:
Provided, Tlint in consequence of tho illegal, dis~
orgunizini?, and revolutionary prooeodiiiKa ot' tho
Ooneral Assembly of G-eoreia, it be, and hereby is,
declared that tho term of service of tho said (icneral
Assembly shall date -flfoia tho 20th of January, 1870.
and shall continue until tho persons, to be chosen on
tho Tuesday alter tho flint Monday of November,
1872, as members of tho t>oneral Assembly ot .said
State, are r(ualili"d : t'rovi'M, That tho last clause
of tho second subdivision of tho tirst, section of tho
third article of tho constitution of Ueortfia, ia the
following words: "Tile (icneral Assembly may by
law change the time of election, and tho members
shall hold until their successors aro elected and
qualified," shall never ho by any Legislature exer-
cised so as to extend tho term of any office beyond
the regular period named in tho said constitution;
and the said Uoneril Assembly shall by joint resolu-
tion consent to this fundauioiital condition before
this act shall tako effect.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Presidontjil will briefly
state the reasons why I movo tho amendment.
I was not a little surprised at the idea being
advanced that it was in the power of the Legis-
lature of Georgia by an act of legislation to
extend its own term or that of any ofiicers in
that State. Jn reading the constitution of
Georgia I am unable yet to see where that
power lies. I believe that in the condition of
affairs in that State for the permanent good of
the State it is important that the question
should be settled, and settled here, and not
settled there. If an attempt is made to settle
it there, it will lead to excitement, to contro-
versy, perhaps to violence and bloodshed. I
hold in my hand now a letter written by one
of the most accomplished men iu_ that State,
and without expressing an opinion for or .
against the amendment put in the bill by the
House of Representatives and now before u.s,
he expresses the opinion that it is of vital
importance that the question should be settled
by Congress; that "such a settlement; may
save Georgia from a Dorr war, one larger in
proportions than the Rhode Island affair,"
and that he had much rather have it settled
against his own judgment than not settled at
all. That we have the power to do it I do not
think anybody can question. Wo are recon-
structing that State, and 1 fake it we have the
power by fundamental conditions to settle and
determine this point. If we have the power to
do what we have done in other cases, what we
did when we passed the bill of December last,
what wo have done in regard to other States,
what it is even proposed to do in the bill as it
now stands, I think wo have the power to fix
and settle this question. The Legislature of
Georgia having been disorganized by revolu-
tionary, illegal, and unconstitutional proceed-
ings, and having now been organized imder the
law of December last, we have the right to say
that the Legislature shall run from the time it
was organized in January last till the Legis-
lature which shall be elected in November, 1872,
is qualified. That it would bo for the peace and
harmony of that State I am constrained to
believe after all the information 1 can obtain
from gentlemen upon both sides of this ques-
tion, and some of the ablest and best men in
that State who have not been hero.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator from Massachusetts a verbal amend-
ment in tho beginning of his proposition; per-
haps he will accept it. It is to strike out the
words "in consequence of the illegal, disor-
ganizing, and revolutionary proceedings," and
to insert "failure of the General Assembly of
Georgia to perfect a legal organization for a
period of over eighteen months."
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to that
amendment. Ry the action of the members
of that Legislature it was never legally organ-
ized at all. What was assented to was assented
to by itself, by the general concurrence of i's
members, by the Governor of the State, General
Meade, General Grant, and by the House of
Representatives. Immediately thereafter that
Legislature disorganized itself by an illegal
and unconstitutional and revolutionary act, and
has remained disorganized until it was organ-
ized on the 26lh of January fast, under a new
act of Congress passed in December, 1869.
Sir, 1 think the good of Georgia and the tri-
umph of the cause of peace and liberty, justice
and order in that State, require that the question
should be settled, and settled forever, and set-
tled by the Congress of the United States, set-
tled here, and not thrown open to a controversy
in the Legislature, by the attempted exercise
of what seems to me to be a doubtful construc-
tion at least of the constitution of that State.
Tho attempt of the Legislature to extend its
term will lead to ill-feeling and grave contro-
versy, aud may lead to violence and blood-
shed. Therefore I hope that we shall adopt this
amendment; that it will be concurred in by
the other House; that we shall admit Georgia
upon this basis. Injustice will not be done;
the public safety will be secured.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Moa-
nixi,, of Vermont, in the chair.) The question
is on insertingthe amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I think we
are already beginning to reap the fruits of what
seemed to me at first,, and what seems to me
now still more plainly, to be a vicious species
of legislation. We cannot expect anything
else, it seems to me, than trouble whenever we
engage in the process of what may be called
a projected legislation, thrusting the Federal
arm forward into the future, and attempting
to control the legislation of the States and
