5220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
the word "to," in line eighteen, the words
"the goods having been examined," it will
make it all right.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will allow them to
be broken open and detained.
Mr. MORTON. It will give rise to the very
abase that we now complain of.
Mr. HAMLIN. The delay can be prevented
by inserting a provision that they shall have
precedence in the order and time for their
examination. Oar merchants have the same
difficulty. Wo cannot get our goods out of
the warehouse, through the custom-house,
sometimes for a full month. Tf the interior
ports can have the preference, and it shall be
declared that their goods shall be forwarded
first, you stand in order of time better than we
do. If you put that provision in, I tell the
Senate what I know to be so, although I think
there is no other port as to which there will
be any difficulty except New York. I think
we could get goods through all the other ports,
and there you would get your goods by putting
that provision in quicker than a merchant in
New York can.
Mr. MORTON. I will ask the Senator
whether that amendment does not involve the
necessity of hauling the goods up to the custom-
house, and all the expense of cartage, and all
the expense resulting from delay?
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir.
Mr. MORTON. If the goods are to be ex-
amined they must be examined somewhere.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir. There is a pro-
vision in the bill, which my friend from Mis-
souri has just read, which declares that this
shall be under such rules and regulations as
the Secretary of the Treasury shall establish ;
and that examination to compare the goods
with the invoice may be made on shipboard;
it may be anywhere that the Secretary may
determine, and there will be no reshipment.
Mr. SCEJJRZ. The bill speaks of " such
examination as the Secretary of the Treasury
shall deem necessary to verify the invoice and
entry."
Mr. HAMLIN. That is to verify the invoice
and entry ; bat it is not to examine to see that
the parcels correspond with the invoice and
entry. That is the point that should be guarded
against; and in my anxiety to do that which
will accommodate Senators I think they really
ought not to object to that which is absolutely
necessary for the j ust protection of the revenue.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think I must once more
refer to the discussion we had about the differ-
ence in the chances of fraud between goods
transported from New York to Niagara Falls
and goods transported from New York to Cin-
cinnati. If I understand the Senator from
Maine, the chance of fraud consists in this: that
the invoice refers to another kind of goods than
those which are contained in the box. Is not
that it ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHDRZ. In other words, that the
invoice is fraudulent; that the invoice, for
instance, reads "ginghams" and the box is
filled with silks. The ehance of fraud further
would be this: that when that box is shipped
either to Niagara Falls or to Cincinnati, that
box, filled with silks, may be emptied and ging-
hams put in their place, and when the box
arrives at Cincinnati then the contents of the
box correspond with the invoice, and that is
the way such frauds are perpetrated, is it not?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. Now, it was admitted by
gentlemen that no such danger existed between
New York and Niagara Falls, if I understood
them correctly, and I think the Senator from
Maine also admitted that the danger was not
\ery great between New York and Cincinnati,
it is therefore, according to his own statement,
if I understand him correctly, not very import-
ant that the boxes should be opened in New
York for the purpose of seeing whether the
invoice corresponded with the contents of those
boxes.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do think that is necessary.
Mr. SCHURZ. It would certainly be neces-
sary if the chances of fraud, of taking out the
contents of the box and putting another kind
of goods in the box, were very great between
New York and Cincinnati; but the Senator
from Maine says it is not. I therefore do not
see why it should be absolutely necessary to
examine the boxes in New York.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Maine.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to have the
amendment reported.
Mr, HAMLIN. The amendment is to in-
sert after the word "to," in the eighteenth
line of the first section, the words " the goods
having been examined."
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting " Leavenworth, in the State
of Kansas," after "Memphis, Tennessee," in
the seventh section.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have the consent of the
chairman of the committee to insert " Provi-
dence, Rhode Island" in the enumeration in
the seventh section. I call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that Providence is a
city of about seventy thousand inhabitants, and
is a port of entry and delivery.
Mr. SCHURZ. I have no objection to that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the seventh section. 1 notice that there
is no port entitled to the privileges under this
act from Baltimore to New Orleans. A peti-
tion for these privileges has been forwarded
to this body two or three times from the city
of Charleston, and it seems to me there is as
much propriety in making the city of Charles-
ton one of the ports that shall be entitled to
the privileges granted by this bill as anyplace
here named. I therefore move to amend the
seventh section by inserting after the word
"Maryland," in the seventh line, the words
" Charleston, in the State of South Carolina."
Mr. HOWELL. I should like to know from
some of these very well-informed Senators how
much additional expense is incurred by each
additional port or place that is named in this
bill?
Mr. SCHURZ. We had a statement made
to us by the Secretary of the Treasury on that
subject.
Mr. CHANDLER. Fourteen thousand dol-
lars to each place.
Mr. SCHURZ. That statement referred to
three places, St. Louis, Cincinnati, and Chi-
cago, and the aggregate expense contained in
the bill amounted to something overforty thou-
sand dollars a year. But the expense as to
ports of entry, where they already have the
officers contemplated by this bill, will be very
limited, if indeed anything at all.
Mr. HOWELL. He calculated forhow many
ports of entry where the additional expense
would be $40,000.
Mr. SCHURZ. St. Louis, Chicago, and
Cincinnati, three ports of entry. They are
only ports of delivery now, and we therefore
have not the necessary officers contemplated
by this bill.
Mr. HOWELL. We are having a dozen,
fifteen, or twenty, and probably by the time i
we get through, a hundred more places added, j
At that rale of $40,000 for each three it will j
increase the expense of this Government very
considerably. In addition to that it will in-
crease the United States officers who are
located at all these places, their salaries, their
influence, and the disagreeable sensation that
is springing up all over the country in conse-
quence of the multiplication of Federal olhcers.
I therefore oppose the increase of these places, ij
1 should like to have the bill confined to about H
half a dozen principal cities of the country ip
the different sections of the Union, as .1 said
before. That will be sufficient for the interests
of the country, and for the interests of com-
merce throughout the country. All these little
places are to be put on for the sake of accom-
modating this little locality and that little
locality, and this Senator and that Senator,
and not for the benefit of the country or the
facility of commerce, or the interests of com-
mercial men. I oppose every one of them, or
every additional one at least.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand that in the
confusion which has prevailed in the Chamber
of late the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bay-
ard,] who was not heard by me or by some
Senators around me, raised a question in refer-
ence to this bill which perhaps is deserving of
a moment's consideration, and appropriately at
this time, when Charleston is proposed by name
to be added to the ports which are now con-
tained in the seventh section of this bill. One
of the provisions of the Constitution of the
United States is this:
"No preference shall be given by any regulation
of commerce or revenue to the ports of one Stat©
over those of another."
The honorable Senator from Delaware, I
understand, read this provision of the Consti-
tution and called attention to it. I did not
hedr him at the moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 should like to ask the
Senator upon what ground he would justify the
particular designation of Portland and New
York and other places in the proposition I read
awhile ago. I could give the Senator a great
many cases where particular ports are named
for the transaction of particular business.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will give
me one, it will answer my purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will name the case in
1866 where two ports are named, Portland and
New York.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, Mr. President, the
Senator names an instance in which, according
to the comity of nations, and in deference to
the public law, points are designated between
which transit may take place of goods con-
signed by a foreign nation to a colonial posses-
sion of its own, or by some otherforeign nation
to a destination not within our jurisdiction.
Within the limit of five minutes I decline to
enter with the Senator into an attempt, either
to compare that case with this, or to discrim-
inate between the two.
The bill before u3 proposes that whenever
merchandise, with the exceptions stated, shall
reach certain specific places named they shall
have the "privilege"—that is the very word
employed—of doing certain specific things,
without going into those things, doing that
which is directly, and indirectly, too. denied to
other ports. I do not know but that some court
or somebody has said somewhere that when by
a legislative regulation of commerce you per-
mit the port of a given State raid the people
interested in that port to do as a privilege, a
preference, the very thing which you deny to
others, you do not impinge upon the provision
of the Constitution which says no preference
shall thus be given. It is possible. I say. that
this objection has been answered, and that it
is owing to my shortness of vision that I do
not at this moment see the answer to it; but
k seems to me before we go further with this
bill somebody who defends it had better notice
the suggestion far enough to let us see how it
is that we are to plow around this particular
stump, in the language of the West.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I can answer the
Senator very clearly. In the original act reg-
ulating the commerce" of the United States,
which I have before me, there are certain ports
of entry named by geographical description ;
certain districts are named, and then certain
ports are named within them as ports of entry,
and within them are named ceriain ports of
delivery. Then thc-ie issm express designation
of ports of eutiy, that all entries shall be made
