4276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
an kdditional clause before the Senate would
agree that the treaty might be ratified. I ask
the Clerii to read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Butnothing herein contained shall be held to con-
fer naturalization upon citizens of the United States
in China, nor upon the citizens of China in the
United States."
-Mr. SARGENT. For fear that under this
treaty the Chinese might claim that they had
a-right to naturalization in this country, the
Senate inserted in the treaty the clause which
I have caused to be read by the Clerk. And
in answer to the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. PaiseJ I will say that the spirit of this
provision is exactly this and nothing more:
thal.'the United Slates look upon it as unde-
sirable that the Chinese should be naturalized
in this country, and the Government, there-
fore, says to the Chinaman, "You must not
expect naturalizationand to the citizens of
the United States who are brought in contact
with Chinamen, and to whom this question is
one of fearful importance, the Government
says, " We do not intend by this treaty to
sanction the idea that these Asiatic hordes can
become citizens of the United States; that
they can be brought here to swamp American,
Christian, Anglo-Saxon civilization." That
is the spirit of the treaty, couched in such
language as not to offend Chinese pride ; but it
was taken as an assurance by our people that
the naturalization of Chinamen was not con-
templated and would not be tolerated.
Therefore there is nothing, either in the
amendments to the Constitution or in the treaty
with China, that would require that we, as Re-
publicans, or as statesmen, should admit these
Chinese to naturalization; and, furthermore,
allow me to say to my liepubiican friends, whose
attention I claim npon this subject, there is
nothing in the amendment proposed by tiie
fentleman from Nevada [Mr. Fitcii] in con-
ict with Republican principles. There is noth-
ing in it inconsistent with any principle that
ever was announced by the Republican party.
On the contrary, the civilization which we have
built up here, and which we endeavor to guard
and protect by constitutional amendments and
the other measures adopted by the Republican
party, is imperiled by refusing the amendment
which has been proposed.
Here are swarming millions of men, alien not
alone to our blood and our language, but to
our faith. They are idol worshipers. So far
as they have any political principles they are
imperialists. It has been well said that Louis
Napoleon himself, under our naturalization
laws as they now stand, could not become a
citizen of the United States. Those laws re-
quire that a man shall be attached to our insti-
tutions and well disposed to the good order
and happiness of the same. An imperialist,
does not come up to this standard ; he is at-
tached to imperial institutions. The China-
men are imperialists. Did any one ever hear
of a Chinese republican? No; they are not
attached to our institutions.
Furthermore—I say it in sorrow, I say it in
no spirit of abuse—Chinamen, as a race, are
addicted to all the nameless vices character-
istic of the Asiatics. They herd together in
little bunks, fifty of them occupying a place
where five Americans could scarcely live. Any
one knows this who in visiting San Francisco
has taken occasion to explore the purlieus of
Dupont and other streets occupied by the Chi-
nese. They are degraded by their love of
opium, by their superstitious and idolatrous
practices. The question is, taking them with
all their want of adaptation for becoming
American citizens, the impossibility of their
being assimilated to our healthy Christian civ-
ilization, whether we shall lead them to the
ballot-box. No period of preparation is here
proposed, if any would avail. We are to take
these hordes with all their deformities of char-
acter, ingrafted upon them by ages of degra-
dation and idolatry and by the want of proper
humanizing influences, and lead them to the
ballot-box. Is it republican to do so? Is it
not rather republican to protect ourselves and
our children for all time to come against such
influences? Is it not in accordance with
Republican principles to transmit American
liberties and'institutions to the future?
Gentlemen, this matter now presses hard
upon us on the Pacific coast; but let me ask
you whether this country has yet tested its
capacity to receive this inflowing Chinese pop-
ulation? We are but the portal, the doorway,
through which the Chinese have access to the
United States. Already they are going on to
Massachusetts; and I say to my friend from
that State, [Mr. Dawes,] and other gentlemen
who are strong Republicans, and who would
do whatever they can to protect our principles
from contamination from any source whatever,
that these Chinese, invited to Massachusetts by
the manufacturers of that State, are already
supplanting Americans in the shoe manufac-
tories, and white families will soon be asking
for the work that the Chinamen will absorb.
In place of your "meeting-houses" you may
have your Josh houses. The political part of
the question as well as the industrial will be
upon you. No long apprenticeship is needed.
Under the present system of manufacturing
shoes the work is done in parts by different
workmen on one shoe, and the Chinaman can
be taught very quick to make welts or sew
round the soles, or do other parts of the work
of shoemaking. Under this system it can all
be learned in ten days by men of ordinary
imitative capacity. These Chinamen who go
there can afford to work for twenty-live or fifty
cents a day. They subsist upon rice, and little
at that; they live in the filthiest, meanest hov-
els, in unutterable stench. They live as Ameri-
can citizens cannot, as we would nothavethem
live if they could. They live upon a lower
plane, entirely different from that occupied by
our thriving, healthy, prosperous, happy popu-
lation. They are without any appreciation of
American institutions or American ideas.
These Chinamen are being invited to Massa-
chusetts to engage in shoemaking and other
branches of manufacture. The effect of their
introduction must be to weed out the white
laborers, with their schools, their churches, and
the other characteristics of New England civ
ilization. I have seen the operation of this in
my own State. I can point to districts there
which once were populous, and which are still
capable of supporting thriving populations, but
to which the Chinese have gone, so that white
men with families have been compelled to leave
for want of subsistence. I predict that the cen-
sus which will be taken in California during
the present year will show that instead of our
population having increased, it has, on the
contrary, if we exclude from enumeration the
Chinamen, diminished. This diminution is on
account of the fact that these thousands of
Chinamen have absorbed occupations which
formerly were pursued by the white men.
Gentlemen may say that there is a sentiment
of humanity involved in this question. I be-
lieve it; but I also believe in that humanity
which commences with our own race and cares
for our own people. Our own people came to
these shores years ago. By long years of toil
your fathers and mine have built up American
laws, American customs, and American civil-
ization. Shall these be supplanted by Asiatic
laws, customs, and civilization ? Which is the
better? They may bo supplanted. As I have
said, the Golden Gate is the mere portal which
lets in these vast hordes of Chinese upon the
American continent. There is a capacity in
China to furnish millions of immigrants to our
shores. The Chinese are already striking out
toward South Carolina and Louisiana. They
are found all along the Pacific railroad ; they
are following every artery of travel in the Uni-
ted States. If you encourage them to come
they will come with redoubled numbers. They
will come until it will not be long before their
numbers will exceed the rest of our population.
China can pour upon our shores millions of
her population, and when our other population
gets to'be fifty millions she may have one hun-
dred and fifty millions upon this continent.
In South Carolina this question takes another
aspect. There those hostile to the blacks,
and who wish to get rid of them, secessionists,
those who are endeavoring to prove that we are
mistaken in our policy of reconstruction, are
importing Chinese and insisting that Chinese
labor for them is a success. They say that it
is just the labor they want, and they do not
want and will not have any more negro labor.
The result will be to drive out the negro labor-
ers, to expel them into the North, and to replace
them with Chinese. The negro has been brought
up under our own customs, and has to a con-
siderable extent a capacity for education, for
enlightenment, and for bettering his condition.
The slave lords of the South want some other
character of labor. They want degraded labor,
over which they may crack their whip as of
old; and to this complexion comes this Chinese
question in the South.
What is the character of this Chinese immi-
gration? Is it that of men seeking citizenship?
I ask the Clerk to read an extract from the
correspondence of the New York Tribune,
from Canton, China, published June 7, 1870.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The coolie (all laborers are called coolies) goes to
the rulers or elders of his town or village, and with
the consent of those interested gives security on the
persons of his family for such a sum as will secure
his passage to the United States. The eldeisgo to
the mandarin, and give him thoir united bond lor the
amount. The mandarin in turn gives his note to the
ticket brokers, who lurmsh the coolie with his ticket.
The bond, by which all the persona are bound, given
to secure the coolie's lioto held by the brokers, stip-
ulates that in case the coolie fail to pay the Sana
charged for his ticket, including the fees of biokeis,
mandarin, and elders, within the spocilicd time, then
the indorsers will pay the samo without question.
The sum charged to the coolie tor the ticket, which
costs the brokers but forty dollars, is often as nigh as
three or four hundred dollars. In live instances out
of ten he will fail to meet Ins obligation. If he fails
to pay, the brokers here demand payment of tho
mandarin at onoe. The mandarin pays the note,
charging a heavy fee for so doing. The elders pay
the mandarin, charge another lee, and demand the
amount from the coolie's family. Tliey being unable
to pay, are sold olf, one after another, beginning with
the youngest girl, until enough is realized to cancel
the debt. In this way whole families are often re-
duced to slavery to pay for a forty-dollar ticket.
" Two families were sold here in Canton last week
to satisfy such a debt. One of the notes was for >;.>).
Two unmarried girls, each thirteen years old, weie
purchased by an Italian profligate at seventy-tive
dollars apiece. One boy was sold for fifty dollars.
Six persons in all were sold before the requisite
amount was raised. Girls, however, often bring
higher prices. and somotimes tho sale of a handsome
daughter will be sufficient. It is not unfrequent for
diflei ent members of a family to urge that they may
be sold instead of some loved one that is offered.
The heads of families sell themselves into servitude
to save their iamilies. Chinese, besides the sacred
family ties common to alt mankind, have a strong
religious desire that their children should be Ireo to
pay devotion to their memories after thoy arc dead.
When they sell a child they believe that it is sold
body and soul, and that it can never again be a rela-
tive of theirs, either in this world or the next; and
unless they leave children to pay them certain kinds
of devotion after death their souls 'wifl wander lor-
ever, naked, cold, and hungry through an eternal
waste of darkness and terror.' It has sometimes hap-
pened that after sale of a family the coolie return-
ing finds a portion of tho claim still unsatisfied, and
he himself is sold for it."
ilr. SARGENT. Animmigration thus pro-
moted cannot furnish us the material to be
desired for citizenship. It must be servile, and
is temporary and unquiet. No honest resem-
blance can be traced between that and the
immigration so well described by my friend from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Elduidoe,] which adds to the
wealth as well as to the best elements of our
citizenship. Such immigration I would encour-
age by all means. I would lighten the bur-
dens of naturalization rather than make them
heavier on that class of persons who seek our
shores to become citizens with an intelligent
appreciation of our institutions and well dis-
posed to our good order and happiness. They
are of the races from which we sprung. They
have a common faith and common aspirations
with us. But the Asiatic knows ns only as
