1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4277
barbarians, among whom he may better bis
fortunes by a temporary sojourn, and, with a
gambler's recklessness, stakes his liberty and
that of bis race on the chance. He comes here
eitiier in pledge, body and soul, to the usurer of
his own race, or the slave of one of the Canton
companies who shipped him as negroes were
formerly shipped from Africa.
We have protested against the emptying of
prisons and pauper-houses of Europe upon our
shores. But here is worse. Here is not a
pauper meiely, but a slave. He is not merely
a slave to exacting masters, but to supersti-
tions and vices and traditional corruptions.
Outof such materials American citizens should
not be made unless the form of American civ-
ilization is to be changed more radically than
it could be by changes of laws and constitu-
tions.
But 1 have promised to give a portion of my
time to others, and cannot say all that I would
on tbi.i subject. I beg the House to consider
well before so changing the naturalization laws
as to make citizens of the crowding hordes
of China, to vote at a master's will, and crowd
out the children of the Republic. Let us not
take the children's meat and give it to the
dogs.
j now yield to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Stevensox.]
Mr. S PEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, nothing
could be worse than our existing system of
naturalization. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] calls it" convenient." It is, indeed,
too convenient for our own welfare. It is ''con-
venient" for the immoral, reckless, and lawless
immigrant, who disregards all its provisions
arid comes to the polls over broken laws, a
fraudulent citizen, demoralized in his civil
birth, owing his privileges and acknowledging
allegiance, not to the country and the laws,
but only to the party and the men who tempt
and aid him to accomplish the fraudulent nat-
uralization.
Under this system and the practices which
prevail, it is estimated that there were five
thousand fraudulent naturalizations in the city
ol' New Orleans and filly thousand in the city
of New York in a single year, 1808; and these
votes were cast at the last congressional and
presidential elections ; and if the electoral vote
of either Louisiana or New York had been
material in that election these fraudulent votes
might have decided the destinies of the Repub-
lic, adversely to the will of the lawful electors.
While these lawless elements pass over the
barriers and reach the polls without probation,
the moral and intelligent immigrant obeys the
law and suffers the disabilities of alienage dur-
ing ihe period of pronation ; and his condition
is only aggravated by the consciousness that men
whose claims are inferior to his own have by
criminal disregard of law made themselves his
rulers. Ihiib the system operates to admit into
the body-politic the worst elements, and ex-
clude the best.
Whalis the remedy? In myjudgmentthetrue
remedy would be to reduce the period of proba-
tion. remove the temptation to irauduleut natu-
labzation, and admit the better element to citi-
zenship, to balance and neutralize the worse.
t>y ieduemg the period of probation we should
accept and naturalize the average immigiaut.
The period of residence might well be leduced
to two years, or even less. I would allow the
European immigrant to declaie his intention
to become an American citizen and renounce
his allegiance to foreign potentates and I owers
when he steps upon American sou, anu be
imtuialized in two '/ears thereafter. Uehave
admitted all classes of natives to citizenship,
and the average European immigrant is equal
to the average native. There is no danger
thy we shall dilute the quality of our citizens.
Mr. EARNSWORTU. Am I to understand
the gentleman from Ohio to mean that the mail
who conjos here, unable to spreak our lau-
gn;ige is capable ot becoming at once as good
fi, citizen as the mail born liere.'
Mr. STEVENSON. I believe he is as well
qualified as some of our preseut citizens. We
have broken down all barriers against natives.
"While the remedy I suggest would be right and
politic, it would be specially advantageous to
the Republican party. It. may be fairly assumed
that in the city of New York there are but few
unnaturalized men who could he persuaded, if
naturalized, to vote against us. All such as
could have been so persuaded have probably
been already admitted, by fair means or foul,
to the ballot-box.
But there must be thousands of intelligent
immigrants in that great city patiently wait-
ing the expiration of the present term of five
years' probation. What would be the effect of
admitting all such persons as have now been
in the country for two years? It would largely
increase the Republican vote and bring into
the public councils a valuable element now
excluded. Arid this would be the case, to a
less extent all over the country, and thus the
Republican party would recover some ground
lost under the present system, and the coun-
try would start afresh upon a sound and liberal
policy, which would encourage immigration
and promote the growth and prosperity of the
Republic.
Mr. SARGENT. I yield now to the gentle-
man from New Jersey, [Mr. Cleveland.]
Mr. CLEVELAND, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to have printed in the Globe
some remarks which he had prepared on the
pending bill.
Mr. SARGENT. How much lime have I
remaining?
The SPEAKER. Thirty minutes.
Mr. SARGENT, [yield the balance of my
time to the gentleman from Nevada, [Mr.
Fitch.]
Mr. 1'TTCH. Mr. Speaker, I shall be com-
pelled, against my wishes in some respects, to
cast my vote against this bill unless the amend-
ment which I have offered, and which has been
advocated by the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Sauueat,] shall be inserted. Thoamend-
ment proposed is to the third line ol the first
section. Instead of sayiugthat " aoyalieumay
become a citizen of the United States," I pro-
pose that the House shall say " that any aliens
except natives of China and Japan maybe-
come citizens of the United States." And I
call the attention of gentlemen to the fact that
while we invite the natives of all portions of
the world, while we invite men of all nations,
creeds, and climes, of all characters, of all
grades and capacities, to come here and live
among us, we do not invite all to become cit-
izens. Any man may become a denizen here,
whether he be afugitive from justice or whether
he be a man of good moral character, whether
he be an imperialist, a monarchist, or a friend
of republican institutions; but only men of
good moral character, only men who are, above
everything else, attached to the principles of the
Constitution of the United States can lawfully
become American citizens ; and every man who
has become an American citizen without being
sincerely attached to the principles of the Con-
stitution has acquired his citizenship in conse-
quence of the neglect or iniquity of the judge
who natuialized him.
w, sir, there are those who arc attached to
the principles of the Constitution ot the United
States, which are the principles ot republican
liberty ; there aro those who hate republican
institutions, and there are those who do not
understand thein. There are races of men pos-
sessing distinct civilizations of their own who
are without any appreciation of the idea ot re-
publican institutions—men to whom the word
'•republican," translated into their tongues,
would have no meaning, and would convey no
significance whatever. Why, sir, as was stated
by the gentleman from California. Louis Napo-
leon, with all hisculture, with all his experience,
and with all his power, could not become a
citizen of the United States, because, when his
life and works are taken into consideration, lie
is not a man who could satisfy anyjudge desir-
ing to do his duty that he is attached to the
principlesofrepublican government. Bismarck
could not becomc a citizen of the United States
for the same reason. And, if we take men of
our own race and of our own tongue, Disraeli
could not become a citizen of the United
States; Bulwer could not become a citizen ;
because they are aristocrats : because they are
not attached to the principles of republican gov-
ernment nor friends of republican institutions.
The theory of our institutions, if sustained in
our courts, would not permit the naturalization
of these men. On the other hand, Charles
Dickens, whose writings evince attachment
to republican ideas ; Victor Hugo, the great
French author, with his broad and catholic
philosophy; John Bright, the clearest-headed
and cleanest-hearted Englishman of the ago ;
Lamartine, the poet-statesman—all these could
become citizens of the United States, because
the evidence of their lives and the evidence
of their utterances demonstrate that ill their
hearts they are attached to the principles of
republican government. Thus, on the one
hand, there are men of world-wide fame who
could not become citizens because of their
hatred to republican ideas, or because of their
attachment to despotic or aristocratic theories
of government; and on the other hand, there
are men whose lives and works furnish unde-
niable evidence of their love of the institutions
of our country.
But when we pass eastward from Europe,
when we enter upon the continent of Asia, we
find not merely individuals, but nations, races,
which through centuries and conturics ol civ-
ilizations peculiar to themselves have been
ever guided by ail idea now incorporated into
their very moral being, an idea of patriarchal
I government, an idea which prevents their be-
coming citizens of the United States, because
its existence is incompatible with the other idea
of attachment to republican institutions. I call
attention to the lact that the Peisians, the
Turks, the Chinese, and the Japanese are races
of tyrants and slaves. The Chinese belong to
a race which through all the long ages irom the
dawn of civilization has never had any kind of
popular representative government,
Mr. IIALDEMAN. I dispute the first prop-
osition of the gentleman, that the Chinese and
Japanese are a race of tyrants and slaves.
Mr. FITCH. I trust I shall not be inter-
rupted, except for questions asked in good
faith. I repeat that the Chinese and Japanese
. are races of tyrants and slaves. I repeat that
during the six thousand years through which
China claims her civilization, while princes
have battled and dynasties have changed, there
has never been an insurrection upon her soil
in behalf of popular governmentand there
has never existed there any form of represent-
ative government.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I dispute that propo-
sition.
Mr. FITCIT. I have confined my amend-
ment to the Chinese and the Japanese because
they aie the only races ol Asiatics who have
, evidenced any intention of coming here. I
! say they are imperialists ; as such they come,
I and as such they remain among us, and the
; theory ol' our naturalization laws does not in-
clude an invitation to imperialists to become
' citizens of the United States. And here we
j can draw a proper distinction between the
I Asiatic and the European. In every European
! country on the face of the: earth, in every kmg-
I dom and empire a';d principality in Europe,
S there are people who will make good American
citizens, because they are attached. to reputj-
! lican institutions, and who have aspirations o
republican freedom. In England it is those
people who struggle for the ballot. In ■
it is those who wait for the^hourwbenthcpa e
of the mock Cccsar shall be 1iwhod ■true
representative government of the people shall
be established. In Russia, it ,s that element
which sanctions the emancipation of the serfs
