1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1445
under discassion was that which exercised the
public mind universally, not only here but
throughout the country, "How can Major
General MeClellan's army be saved?" I re-
member the remarks of General Wadsworth on
that occasion. This was simply an accidental
conversation, and I give what General Wads-
worth then said as the judgment of an emi-
nent man then living. He said: " It seems to
me there are four ways to save that army. The
first would be for it to advance immediately
upon Richmond. Had it done so instantly
after the battle of Malvern, I believe "—I am
giving the words of General Wadsworth—"it
would have gone to Richmond without the
loas of a thousand men ; but that army is de-
moralized, and I doubt very much whether it
will be safe to order that advance. The sec-
ond would be for it to fight its way down to
Yorktown; but this would be likewise a haz-
ardous undertaking, as it would have a victo-
rious army of the enemy on its front, flank,
and rear, and it must necessarily lose a large
amount of baggage, perhaps artillery, and
many men. The third would be to assemble
steamboats enough at Harrison's Landing
in one night to take on board all the men,
with all the small-arms of the army, abandon
the artillery and baggage-trains, and save your
men; but this would incur an immense loas of
material, which would be of great benefit to the
rebels. The fourth would be to use our army
here to create as great a diversion as possible,
and thus aid General McClellan in getting his
army away." This fourth proposition was sub-
stantially adopted by the Administration, as
you will see by General Pope's after-state-
ment. He says—mark you, this was a few
days before he started on his memorable cam-
paign :
"The mission of the army under my command,
therefore, was to cover, as far as possible, the front
of Washington and make secure the valley of the
Shenandoah, and so operate upon the enemy's lines
of communication to the west and northwest as to
force him to make such heavy detachments from his
main force at Richmond as would enable the army
<if the Potomac to withdraw from its position atHar-
rison's Landing and to take shipping for Aquia
Cieek or for Alexandria. If, as was feared, the
enemy should throw his whole force in the direction
of Washington, it became my duty to resist his ad-
vance at all hazards, and so to delay and embarrass
his movements as to gain all the time possible for
ilie arrival of the army of the Potomae behind the
Rappahannock."
At this very time General Pope was begging
to be relieved from the command of this army.
He says:
"Many circumstances, which it is not nccessair
here to set forth, indueed me to express to the Presi-
dent, to the Secretary of War, and to General Hal-
leck, my desire to be relieved from the command of
the army of Virginia, and to be returned to the
western country."
This request was made over and over again
by General Pope, but never was acceded to.
His, object and his sole object in commencing
that campaign, was to relieve and help save,
if possible, the army of the Potomac. A few-
days before he marched we requested him to
appear before the Committee on the Conduct
of the War. The question was put to him,
"What is your force?'' and he said about forty-
two or forty-three thousand men. He said
precisely what is contained in the statement I
have just read. Here I ought to say that that
small force of forty-two thousand men was
scattered from Aquia Creek to Harper's Ferry,
guarding a line of perhaps more than one hun-
dred miles, and scattered through western Vir-
ginia ; and it was never possible for General
Pope to concentrate more than thirty thousand
men at any one point and keep up his line. I
asked him " What is to prevent you from being
struck by a superior force of the enemy and
overwhelmed?" Said he, " Nothing on earth
is more probable than that I shall be struck
by a superior force and shall be whipped ; but
I will keep my troops near the mountains, and
there are no ten miles where there is not a
gulch up which I can take my men and small-
arms, and by abandoning my artillery and
1 * a, save my men; I shiill probably be
whipped; but it must be done." Any military
man can see and appreciate the difficulties and
responsibilities of so desperate a campaign.
"Yet," said he, "it must be done."
Well, sir, General Pope started on that cam-
paign. Had he announced to the newspaper
press of Washington or of the North the num-
ber of his men or his object the object itself
would have been defeated. General Pope did
what I believe is allowable in war: he perpe-
trated a ruse de guerre. He sent his scouts all
through the mountains of Virginia proclaiming
that he had an army of one hundred and twenty
thousand men. And, sir, he fooled the news-
paper correspondents of the city of Washington
and of the whole North. General Pope, when
he started on that campaign, had no more idea
of going to Richmond than he had of following
Elijah to heaven in a chariot of fire without
seeing death. He started with one single object,
and that was to save the army of McClellan
or to do all that was in his power to save it.
He massed his troops, and that terrible battle
of Cedar Mountain was fought; and by that
battle he not only fooled the people of this
country, but he fooled the rebels. The rebels
believed that he had one hundred and twenty
thousand men, and that unless they fought him
and crushed him before he could unite with the
army of the Potomac their cause was lost;
and he drew upon his shoulders with that
little force the whole rebel army, so that when
McClellan started for Yorktown there was not
even a popgun fired at his troops. Not a rebel
soldier was seen from the time he started from
Turkey Bend until he embarked his troops.
The ruse was a perfect success, and as I told
General Pope then, "I consider that your
campaign has been one of the most brilliant
that has been fought up to this time," which
was February, 1863 ; "you saved two armies;
you first saved the army of the Potomae, and
then you saved your own."
Sir, General Pope fought for eleven days,
fought night and day, fought the whole rebel
army with his little force, his force never hav-
ing exceeded seventy thousand men, compris-
ing not simply his own army, but also General
Burnside's forces and the twenty thousand men
who had in thirty days been brought up from
the army of the Potomac, and of whom Por-
ter's corps was part. The force which he had
met with these was that originally in his front,
but overwhelmingly augumented by that rebel
force from which McClellan, with his ninety
thousand men, had had to be delivered by a
demonstration in their rear. He fought for
time. He defended every brook, every barn,
every piece of woods, every ravine. He fought
for time for the army of the Potomac to reach
him and unite with him, so as to crush the
advancing and overwhelming force of the
rebels.
I shall be very brief in reading the extracts
which I propose to submit. Between the 24th
and 27th of July, 1862, in carrying out this
plan, General Halleck, in his report, says:
"On the day of my arrival at Harrison's Landing
General McClellan was of opinion that he would
require at least fifty thousand additional troops. I
Informed him that this number could not possibly be
sent; that I was not authorized to promise him over
twenty thousand, and that I could not well see how
even that number could be safely withdrawn from
other places, lie took the night for considering the
matter, and informed mc the next morning that he
would make the attempt upon Richmond with the ad-
ditional twenty thousand. But immediately on my
return to Washington, he telegraphed thathe would
require thirty-live thousand, a force which it was im-
possibletosend without IeavingWashington andBal-
timore almost defenseless. The only alternat ive now
left was to withdraw the army of tho Potomac to some
position where it could unite with that of General
Pope, and cover Washington at the same time that
it operated against the enemy.
" Ait or fall consultation with my officers, Ideterm-
ined to attempt this junction on the Rappahannock
by bringing General MeClellan's forces to Aquia
Creek. Accordingly, on the 30th of July "—
And here permit me to say that dates are
very important in this matter—
" On the 30th of July I telegraphed to him to send
away his sick as quickly as possible, preparatory to
a movement 6f his troops."
Mark you, this was the 30th of July. Gen-
eral Pope having marched upon his campaign
on the 29th, Halleck telegraphed to McClellan
to send away the sick as soon as possible ; and
he says:
"This was preliminary to the withdrawal of his
entiro army, which was ordered by telegraph on the
3d of August. In order that the trani-ier to Aquia
Creek might bemade as rapidly as possible 1 author-
ized General McClellan to assume control of all the
vessels on the James river and Chesapeake bay of
which there was then a vast fleet. Ihe Quarter-
master General was also requested to send to that
point all the transports that could be procured."
General Halleck afterward says:
" Had the army of tho Potomac arrived a few days
earlier the rebel army could have been easily de-
feated, and perhaps destroyed."
But General McClellan protested, as I shall
show very soon, that the army could not be
removed in less than a month. On the 3d of
August the order was repeated, and it con-
tinued to be reiterated day after day. Here is
General MeClellan's reply to that order, under
date of August 12:
" It is not possible for any one to i>lace this army
where you wish it, ready to move, in less than a
month.
"If Washington i3 in danger now, this army can
scarcely arrive in time to save it; it is in much bet-
ter position to do so from here than from Aquia.
" Our material can only be saved by usin? the whole
army to cover it if we aro pressed. If sensibly weak-
ened by detachments the result might be the loss of
much material and many men. I will be at the tele-
graph office to-morrow morning."
This is twelve days after the first order was
given to remove the sick, and nine days after
the peremptory order was given to remove his
army with all dispatch, and thirteen days after
General Pope had started on his campaign.
Dates are very important in this matter. On
August 9 General Halleck telegraphs to Gen-
eral McClellan:
"I am of the opinion that tho enemy is massing
his forces in front of Generals Pope and Burnside,
and that he expects to crush them and move forward
to the Potomac. You must send reinforcements
instantly to Aquia Creek.
"Considering the amount of transportation at
your disposal, your delay is not satisfactory. You
must move with all possible celerity."
That was August 9; and on the 12th of Au-
gust McClellan says the army cannot be moved
in less than a month! It was moved in less
than fifteen days. As I said before, dates are
of the utmost importance in this connection.
On August 18 General Halleck telegraphed to
General Pope:
"I fully approve of your movement. I hope to
push a part of Burnside's forces to near Barnett's
ford by to-morrow night to assist you in holding that
1 pass. Stand firm on the line of the Rappahannock
till I can help you. Fight hard, and aid will soon
come." •>
General Pope in his report says:
" My orders required me to keep myself closely in
communication with Fredericksburg, to which point
the army of the Potomac was being brought from
the peninsula, with the purpose of reenforcing me
from that place by the line of the Rappahannock. My
force was too small to enable me to extend my right
further without so weakening my line as to render
it easy for the enemy to break through it at any point.
I telegraphed again and again to Washington, rep-
resenting this movement of the enemy toward my
right, and the impossibility of my being able to ex-
tend my lines so as to resist it without abandoning
my connections with Fredericksburg. I was assured
on the 21st that if I would hold the line of the river
two days longer I should be so strongly reenfbrced
as not only to be secure, but to bo able to resume
offensive operations."
On the 21st of August General Halleck tele-
graphs :
General Pope : I have telegraphed General Burn-
side to know at what hour he can ree'nforce Reno.
Am waiting his answer. Every effort must be made
to hold the Rappahannock. Large forces will be in.
to-morrow.    
H. W. HALLECK.
General-in- Chief.
And again on the same day—bear in mind,
this was on the 21st, or nine days before the
final battle on the 30th—General Halleck tele-
graphs :
United States Military Telegraph,
Wae Department, Washington, August 21,1862.
General Pope: I have just sent General Burn-
side's reply. General Cox's forces are coming in from
Parkorsburg and will be hore to-morrow and next
day. Dispute every inch of ground, and fifcht like
