1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
138
in which they had been placed by the House.
Mr. Fessenden's beau ideal of a Senator was
well illustrated by the honorable gentleman
from the Portland district, Maine, in the extract
he read from a speech he made. His unflinch-
ing devotion to duty ; his love of independence,
his fearlessness, his determination to do his
duty—no matter what became of himself per-
sonally—without regard to anything that might
affect, him, we have all seen in his action on
this impeachment case. We have also seen
that the independence which he manifested
there amid trial and temptation he manifested
throughout his entire life.
My honorable friend from Portland, Maine,
in the course of his beautiful eulogy, took occa-
sion to say that Mr. Fessenden was not elo-
quent. In that I differ from him entirely.
Eloquence, sir, is not words. Eloquence is
not the pompous parade of speech. Eloquence
is not emphasis, ejaculation, gesticulation, or
intonation. The orator is not he who can roll
off periods on sesquipedalian words, or em-
blazon feeble thought in brilliant rhetoric ; but
it is he whose mind most powerfully grasps
ideas, and with unerring logic sets them forth
in fitting words to the public ear. He who
can do that is really an eloquent man; and in
that respect, sir, no man was more eloquent
than Mr. Fessenden.
Mr. Speaker, the great characteristic of Mr.
Fessendes was his individuality, his fearless
individuality. He went with his party when
he thought it was right, and nothing on earth
could induce him to go with his party when he
thought it was wrong. No screws of party, no
pressure of caucus, no outcry of the public
press, no thundering denunciations of the mob
ever affected his conscience or moved him in
the least from what he believed his duty to his
country ; and I commend that independence,
that individuality to all the public men of this
day. for it is in that alone they may hope to
secure stable fame as public men. We who are
here to-day in mere party struggles will pass
away and soon be forgotten if that is all we
leave behind. Let us therefore endeavor lo
leave such honest records behind us like that
of Mr. Fessendejj who has bequeathed a name
to posterity as well as to his children which
will shine as long as the stars in heaven.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the biography
of Mr. FESSENnEN" has been spoken in fitting
terms,and nothing can be added to theeloquent
words of tribute to his talents and worth which
have already fallen from other lips. And yet
I would like very briefly to give utterance to
the feelings of personal as well as public loss
with which his death has burdened me. I
cannot forget on this occasion that he gave me
his hand at the door upon my entrance into
public life, and that his welcome ripened into
a personal friendship, which, however widely
we sometimes differed, nevertheless suffered
no abatement while he lived. And upon hi3
bier to-day I lay the offering of a stricken
friend.
Mr. Fessexdbx came to the public service
first in this House for a single term; many
years before I met him here, then a young man
of growing fame and toward whose future the
expectations of his friends turned with pride
and confidence. It was as early as 1841, while
the great statesmen of the past generation
were still holding imperious sway in these
Halls and were at the zenith of their fame and
influence. He came among them, however,
with a mind so well disciplined by early study
and professional training as well as public
service in his own State as to be able at once
to take the foremost rank as a debater even
upon that arena, and to make room for him-
self where the strongest stood. He left the
House of Representatives at the end of a sin-
gle term to return to the chosen profession of
his lite, with a reputation established for clear-
ness of perception, accuracy of statement,
and power of argument hardly equaled even
then by any of his compeers. The next ten
years of his life, devoted to his profession with
signal success at the bar of his native State,
taking rank and leadership among those who
had rendered that bar illustrious, was never-
theless a constant, though, perhaps, uncon-
scious preparation for that greater work to
which he seemed called on his return to the
Senate in 1853, and in which, with the excep*
tion of the few months he was Secretary of
the Treasury; was spent the remainder of his
strength and life.
His senatorial career covered the most event-
ful period in the history of the nation. About
him and before his eyes began and were ma-
tured those plots for the dismemberment of the
Republic which eventually drenched the laud
in blood. Treason reared its head in the Sen-
ate Chamber, and stalked out of the open door
with the torch of war in its hand. Firm hands
and stout hearts and clear heads alone could
could stay up against the assaults of traitors
the tottering Government. And among all upon
whose part in that great life struggle we look
back from the calm and peace of this day no
hands were firmer, no heart was stouter, and
no head was clearer than his.
There was no mind in its organism or its cul-
ture like his, so completely made for antagon-
ism and argument, and trained, like the athlete
for his work, to constant conflict and wrestling.
For this reason he seemed to so stand alone
among his peers that the sphere in which he
worked was left to him, few venturing to dis-
pute his supremacy in it. To this peculiarity
of mental structure and disciplineis attribut-
able much of that occasionfor criticism to which
his course not unfrequently gave rise. In de-
bate he so hated sophistry that nothing could
restrain him from rending it in pieces, no matter
whom he wounded. Subterfuge and pretense
in argument were dealt with by him as down-
right dishonesty and fraud. And sometimes,
thinking he saw these phantoms flitting across
the field of debate, he would charge indiscrimi-
nately upon friend and foe, leaving grievous
wounds that were long in healing; and yet self-
possession, clearness of mental vision, direct-
ness and aptitude of expression, in short per-
fect command of thought and language in the
most animated debate, were marked character-
istics of his mind. In current debate he had
but few if any equals. He wielded a Damas-
cus blade that never was broken and seldom
parried. With the coolreess and deliberation of
a surgeon with his dissecting knife he laid bare
every argument that fell in his way, and never
left his subject so long as a muscle remained
uncloven or a limb unjointed.
He had power, also, to touch the tenderost
chord and stir the deepest fountain by his elo-
quence if fitting occasion required it. Once in
debate, all unpremeditated, he was forced to
speak of his own personal sacrifices in the war,
and his allusion to one son who had fallen and
to another who had lost a limb in battle moist-
ened every eye in the Senate Chamber. And
when the late Executive by an insane attempt
at forcible ejectment from office crowned liis
long and bitter hostility to that great Minister
of War who had organized victory out of defeat
and wrested national salvation from the very
jaws of national dissolution, the defense of Mr.
Stanton pronounced by Mr. Fessejjpex, with-
out preparation at midnight upon the floor of
the Senate, will live forever.
Not less conspicuous than the great ability
with which he grappled those mighty questions
born of the war, which divided and shook the
nation, were the painstaking and fidelity which
he brought to the discharge of every official
duty however minute or apparently unimport-
ant. In the dull and painful drudgery as well
as in the attractive and exciting or the grave
and responsible duties of the statesman he was
equally patient and faithful, performing what
each day fell to his lot as if it were his specialty.
To all his work he brought an official and
personal integrity that never for a moment
encountered a suspicion or a whisper. He
trod the devious and doubtful ways of opportu-
nity and temptation with unsoiled feet, and
moved amid corruption and scandal with rai-
ment untarnished. When recently his con-
victions of public duty caused him to separate
so widely from political associates and persona!
friends that permanent alienation seemed in-
evitable the universal tribute to personal
integrity which was heard above the tempest
stilled at last the waves of public indignation,
and plucked reconciliation from the unre-
lenting lips of denunciation itself.
At his decease Mr. Fesseuden was chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations in
the Senate, and it was in the discharge of his
official duties as such that I last met him. My
intercourse with him in that capacity has pro-
foundly impressed me with the loss the nation
has sustained in his death. His great famil-
iarity with every detail of his multiplied work,
his painstaking and fidelity, and over and per-
vading all his fearless integrity, were qualities
it 13 not easy to supply.
I have not spoken of any great public meas-
ure with which the name of Mr. Fessenden
is identified. In the grand rebuilding of the
national structure upon the ashes of the rebel-
lion he worked faithfully and wisely. But if
he originated less he fashioned more. Meas-
ures which others introduced lost none cf their
inherent value under his molding and polishing
hand; and no blot or blemish, no flaw or
failure can be traced to his folly.
Of the great statesmen who have finished
their work and departed Mr. Fessendeji will
stand alone in history. The proud niche his
name and fame will fill was niade by and for
himself, and no one can reach or occupy it
with him. Such was the structure of his mind
and such his habits of thought and work that
he could not always cooperate with others.
That liberty of independent thought and action
which he always asserted permits us in this
hour to put on record our differences with him
and our sorrow for their consequences. But
as "it is the angles of the diamond which give
it its beauty and its brilliancy," so these differ-
ences will not impair a just estimate of the life
and character of a great statesman except it be
in the mind of him the dead unbroken level of
whose pathway has never led him to experience
the "agony of a doubt or the luxury of a con-
viction."
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, I speak as a young
man who admired and revered William Pitt
Fessendem. Twelve years ago, when I cast my
first vote, he was an honored Senator from the
State of Maine. InthatScate his life had been
passed and his education and experience had
been such as to eminently fit him for the high
place that he then filled.
He was a graduate of our oldest college, had
chosen the profession of law, been admitted to
practice at an early age, and for many years
had given to it his best talent, which had car-
ried him to the head of the profession in his
State.
His professional life was always marked by the
highest sense of honor, by a keen sympathy for
the poor or oppressed suitor, and by a plainly-
shown impatience at that public clamor which
now and then usurps the place of public justice
and demands a victim without nauch heed as to
the question of guilt or innocence. His single
term in this House, and his longer service in
our State Legislature, had prevented his mind
from running in a purely legal channel, and he
stood, by natural ability and varied training,
the peer of his fellows in the United States
Senate.
Since that time his public life has been open
to the view of all, and in common with, I sup-
pose, a large majority of men who have watched
it. I have learned the lesson of respect for its
excellence. Within the last few years l have
enjoyed the privilege of his close acquaintance
and friendship, and can bear earnest testimony
