1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2889
to sa,y whe.t a State shall not do, and what it
shall do; attempting to construe the consti-
tutional power of State Legislatures under the
constitution of a State. In short, it seems to
me to be initiating a process which must sooner
or later absorb in the Congress of the United
States the whole power of the States.
I will say, by the way, however, that I have
never belonged to what was called the State-
rights school, and have been rather subject to
the criticism of that school for my latitudina-
rian principles. But it does seem to me that
any person who can vote to adopt either the
pro viso as it stands now in the bill or the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts ought forever hereafter to hold his peace
in regard lo the interference of congressional
power with the rights of States in any respect
whatsoever. Why, sir, we not only undertake
to construe the constitution of a State, the law
of a State, and the power of the Legislature of
a State under its own constitution beforehand,
before any contingency arises requiring the
intervention of Congress, but we undertake to
say what the State shall do under its constitu-
tion and under its laws, and what a State shall
not do in the future upon some imaginary
contingency which may or may not happen.
The result of this policy will be to complicate
the General Government with State legislation
henceforth. The result will be that this will
turn out to be an entering wedge to the inter-
vention of legislative and executive power on
the part of the Federal Government in the local
and municipal concerns ofany^jndall the States,
according to the arbitrary will and pleasure of
any Congress in the future.
Why, sir, if we are to have States at all, and
they are to have any distinct municipal power
authorized to be exercised at all within their
proper jurisdiction and limits, why shall we
not allow them to exercise it, reserving to our-
selves simply the right—and it seems to me to
be all that we can legitimately do—to stretch
forward the executive or the legislative arm of
the Federal Government, under the guarantee
clause of the Constitution, whenever a State
shall attempt to set up a form of government
that is not republican in its character.
Look at the latter clause of this proviso as
it stands in the bill. It not only proposes to
construe and to prescribe the duties of the State
of Georgia in certain respects, and to advertise
Georgia what may be the consequence if that
State shall put upon her powers and her rights
a different construction from that which is con-
tained in this bill, but the proviso concludes
with an absolutely mandatory clause :
Said election shall bo held inthcyear 1ST0, cither
on the day named in the constitution of said State
or such other day as the present Legislature may
designate by law.
Sow, Mr. President, I am very free to say
that in my opinion, under the constitution of
Georgia, there ought to be, there must be an
election held there in the month of November
on the day prescribed by the constitution of
Georgia, or on such day as the Legislature of
Georgia shall fix within the year 1870. On the
other hand, also, I am free to admit that if the
Legislature of Georgia attempts by its arbitrary
power to perpetuate its own existence, to ex-
tend its authority and its duration beyond the
year 1870, it will be in derogation of that clause
in the Federal Constitution requiring the Uni-
ted States to guaranty to every State a repub-
lican form of government, I admit that; but
the contingency has not yet occurred. The
time, it seems to me, has not yet arrived when
the United States should stretch forth its strong
arm under the Constitution and arrest Georgia
in the process of setting up any such govern-
ment as this; and to me it is hardly a suppos-
able case that any State under any circum-
stances would attempt to do any such thing.
The amendment offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts seems to me in its text, fully as
objectionable as the original clause which he
proposes to strike out and substitute by his
amendment. I had drawn up an amendment
in place of that proviso called the Bingham
amendment, which I had intended to offer, and
which I will read now, simply by way of sug-
gestion, not undertaking to say that if it were
incorporated in the bill I would still vote for
the amendment; but I would prefer it vastly
to the clause as it now stands, or to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
It will be remembered that in the first pre-
cedent for this kind of legislation, the Missouri
compromise, the Congress of the United States
did not undertake to say what Missouri should
do or what it should not do; but finding a
clause in the constitution of Missouri which
was contrary to the provisions of the Federal
Constitution, in that it interfered with the right-
ful and equal immunities of citizens of the
United States, it said lo Missouri that her ad-
mission into the Union was upon the funda-
mental condition that that clause should never
be construed in such a manner as to interfere
with the clause in the Constitution of the United
States which guarantied to all the citizens of all
the Suites equal immunities in any of the States.
It simply gave notice that if such a clause in the
constitution of Missouri should be construed
otherwise than so as to leave the constitution
of Missouri in accordance, in principle and in
effect, with that clause in the Constitution of
the United States which gave equal immunities
to all the citizens of the United States, then
they might expect the intervention of the
United States to prevent it.
The amendment to which I refer would be
to strike out the whole of what is called the
Bingham amendment, and simply give an ex-
pression of our legislative opinion by way of
warning to the State of Georgia that if she
undertook to set up a perpetual government
under the authority of the present Legislature
it would require the intervention of the United
States to prevent it; and so I have drawn the
following amendment:
That any construction of the last clause of the sec-
ond subdivision of tho first section of the third article
of the constitution of G-corgia in the following words:
"Tho General Assembly may bylaw change the time
of election, and tho members shall hold until their
successors are elected and qualified," which should
have the effect to authorize an extension of tho term
of office of the members of tho said General Assem-
bly at their own will and pleasure, and without a
now election by the people at the time required in
the constitution of said State, or by a law passed in
pursuance of and in conformity with said constitu-
tion, will be deemed and held to be contrary to the
essential principles of free institutions, and if car-
ried into practico subversive of a republican form
of government in that State, requiring the constitu-
tional intervention oftheUnited States to prevent it.
That would be giving fair warning lo the
State of Georgia that any construction of her
constitution authorizing the present Legislature
to perpetuate itself a day beyond the hour fixed
for its election by the constitution of the State
of Georgia, or a law passed in conformity with
that constitution, would be held so subversive
of the structure and principles of our free
Government, that under the guarantee clause
of tho Federal Constitution, the President, if
Congress were not in session, or the Legisla-
ture of the United States, if in session, might
reach forward the strong arm of the Govern-
ment and call out the militia, or under the con-
struction of our powers in such case made and
provided, laid down by Chief Justice Taney in
the Dorr rebellion case, may use any power and
any means necessary to the end, to suppress the
establishment of any such revolutionary and
unrepublican organization.
Mr. President, if half be true that is said of
Georgia, what we ought to do would bo to
strike outall of this bill after the clause in the
commencement of it, and insert the word !'not"
in that clause, so as to leave the bill simply
read, "that, the said State of Georgia is not
now entitled to representation in the Congress
of the United States," and to commit the bill
back again to the Committee on the Judiciary,
or some other committee, to provide a provis-
ional government for that State. But I under-
stand that that is not the purpose of the Senate.
Whatever may be the disorders in that State,
the insecurity of life, the insecurity of prop-
erty, the trampling upon law, the rebellious
spirit, and the disorganization that exist there,
notwithstanding all these, it is the purpose of
the Senate of the United States to pass some
law admitting that State to representation. It
strikes me, therefore, that if we do anything we
ought to admit her as we admit other States,
with a warning that unless she abides by the prin-
ciples of our republican and free institutions
we will interfere by the strong arm of the Gov-
ernment. It strikes me that if we are to have
anything in the place of what is called the
Bmgham amendment some such declaratory
provision as I have read would be the o.nly pro-
vision we could justify the insertion of.
Mr. STEWART. I rather like the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson.] I see no difficulty in the way of
adopting it if we are going to admit Georgia
at all. We have assumed the power to recon-
struct tho rebel States, and the necessary power
to effect reconstruction, thus far in all our pro-
ceedings. Now, we have Georgia before us,
and if we admit her at once in such a way that
it will be impossible for her Legislature to have
reasonable time to legislate and organize a re-
publican government, before the State is turned
over to the rebels, of course it will be a failure.
Everybody knows it must be a failure from
the history of Georgia. Without going into
details, we must know that between this and
next fall a republican government cannot be
fully_ organized in Georgia. You cannot get
a militia system in operation; you cannot
get a registration law in operation; in short,
you can do nothing. That is evident. The
rebels in Georgia have had their own way. It
is not like the other States. In Georgia they
have been supreme; I may say they had the
power to prevent the proper organization of
the Legislature until we passed another act.
They have prevented the passage of any law to
carry into effect the reconstruction measures.
They have had that amount of power.
Mr. THUKMAN. Will my friend from Ne-
vada allow me to ask a question? Do I under-
stand him to say that seven months are not
enough in which to pass a proper registration
law?
Mr. STEWART. I most emphatically say
it is not time to pass it and to carry it into
effect.
Mr. THURMAN. Seven months not time
enough?
Mr. STEWART. I doubt very much whether
two years would be sufficient. Certainly they
need as much as that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Putin four so as to make
it safe!
Mr. STEWART. Very well; say four years.
I would rather have four than two.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to the Senator
from Nevada, to carry out the spirit of his re-
marks, to put in " from ten to twenty years,"
according to the judgment of the authorities
in that State.
Mr. STEWART. The spirit of my remarks
is much more in harmony with the spirit of the
Constitution than the spirit of the rebels down
in Georgia. The spirit of ray remarks is sim-
ply to this effect: if we are going to reconstruct
Georgia and guaranty her a republican form
of government wo must make it possible for
those having in charge that State to organize
a republican form of government. If there is
any power in this Government, any power in
the Constitution to secure to Georgia a repub-
lican form of government, we must see to it that
that is secured. If you read the reports of
General Terry and make yourselves familiar
with the facts, and observe the success of the
rebels in preventing for eighteen months the
organization of the Legislature and the passage
of the necessary laws, you can very well im-
agine how they can continue the same game ior
six months longer. If at the end of six months
