1446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
the devil till we can reiinforoe yon. Forty-eight
hoots more, and wo can make you strong enough.
Don't,i«ld an inch if you ca^help
Utneral-in-Chitf.
These were his orders, and he carried them
out literally, and fought for eight days longer
"like" whatever you please to say. On the
22d of August General Pope telegraphs to
the General-in-Chief:
"I think it altogether well to bring Franklin's |
force to Alexandria. Leo made his headquarters at
Culpepper last night. He has tho whole of his army
in l'ront of me. Its numbers you can estimate as well ,
as myself. As soon as his plans are fully developed I :
shall be ready to act." I
Here General Pope was, with the whole rebel
army upon his hands, fighting in accordance
with General Halleck's directions. On the
24th of August General Haupt telegraphed to
General Pope from Alexandria:
[Received August 24,1862, from Alexandria August
24. 1862.]
United Status Military Telegraph.
[Extract.]
To Major General Pops : * * * *
Thirty thousand troops or more demand transporta-
tion. It is clear that the sudden demand exceeds
the capacity of the road. We can manage twelve
thousand troops per day with supplies if no acoident
occurs. The new troops might march, the veterans
go in cars; horses driven; baggage, tents, Ac., wait
until they can be forwarded; supplies take prece-
dence. HAUPT.
This was on the 24th of August, or six days
before the final battle in which Pope was over-
whelmed. Thirty thousand troops were await-
ing transportation, and not a man of them ever
reached General Pope, and yet they were within
twenty-six miles of the field of battle I Not
one man of them reached the battle-field, and
yet they were awaiting transportation on the
24th day of that month. On the 26th of Au-
gust, at eleven o'clock and forty-five minutes
a. m. General Halleck telegraphs :
Haior General Pops:
Not the slightest dissatisfaction has been felt in
regard to your operations on the Rappahannock.
The main object has been accomplished in getting
up troops from the peninsula, although they have '
been delayed by storms. Moreover, the telegraph
has been interrupted, leaving us for a time ignorant !
of the progress of tho evacuation.
Mr. President, what I have been saying is
simply preliminary to the facts in the case of j
Fitz John Porter. On the 26th of August, '
1865, at eight o'clock p. m., General Pope
sent to General Fitz John Porter, who com-
manded the freshest and largest and best corps '
of the army, a dispatch, of which he gives this i
account in his report: !
"Thinking it altogether likely that Jackson wonld '
mass his whole force and attempt to turn our right i
at Bristoe station, and knowing that Hooker, for
wantof ammunition, was in little condition to make ,
long resistance. I sent back orders to General Por-
tcr, about dark of the 27th, to move forward at one I
o'clock in the night, and report to me at Bristow by 1
daylight in the morning, leaving instructions in
some detail for Banks, who was expected at War-
renton junction during that night or early in the
morning. The orders for all these movements are
herewith appended. General Porter failed utterly
to obey the orders that were sent to him, giving as
an cxcuse that his men were tired; that they would
straggle in the night: and that a wagon train pro-
ceeding eastward in the rear of Hooker's division
wonld offerobstructions to his march. He,however,
made no attempt whatever to comply with this order,
although it was stated to him in the order itself that
his presence was necessary on all accounts at day-
light, and that the officer delivering the dispatch was
instructed to conduct him to the field."
The officer who carried that dispatch was
ordered to conduct him to the field. The whole
testimony goes to show that he might have been
on the field. Thanks to the want of knowl-
edge on the part of the rebel general, the attack
was not made; no thanks to the knowledge
of Fitz John Porter, that Hooker was in front
of the enemy without ammunition, that he was
not destroyed before the arrival of Porter's
troops. And here permit me to say that I am
not making these statements because I deetnit
necessary that they should be made in the Fitz
John Porter case, but to correct the "truth of
- hiNtory." The duty of a general is to march
under his orders, and it is none of his business
what the difficuUiesor the dangers of that march
may be. Fitz John Porter, in disobeying that
order, rendered himself amenable to court-
martial, to trial, and to death if that were the
judgment of the court. But he did not even
try to execute the order.
On the 27th day of August, or three days
before the linal battle, none of these troops
having left Alexandria, General Halleck sent
to General McClellan an order to march Frank-
lin's corps by forced marches to the field of
battle. This is the order:
Washington, Auguit 27, 1862.
Telegrams from General Porter to General Burn-
side just received say that Banks is at Fayettevillo;
McDowell. Sigel, and RicketU near Warronton;
Iteno on his right. Porter is marching on Warren-
ton Junction to reenforco Pope. Nothing said of
lleintxelman. Porter reports a general battle im-
minent. Franklin's oorpa should move out by forced
marches, with three or tour days' provisions, and to
be supplied as far as possible by railroad. Porhaps
you may prefer some other road than toCentreviUe.
Colonel Haunt has just telegraphed about sending
out troops. Pleasoseehlm and^give him your direc-
tions. There has beon some serious negleot to guard
the railroad, which should beimmediately remedied.
H. W. HALLECK,
General-in- C hitf.
Major General McClellan.
Remember that this was on the morning of
the 27th of August; and here dates become of
the utmost importance. These thirty thousand
were then within at least twenty-six miles of
the field of battle, a single day's forced march.
It would have been I know a hard day's march,
but a single day's forced march would have
brought them on to the field of battle. It was
a good road, as many here present know, for
they have traveled over it. At twelve o'clock
and five minutes in the afternoon of the 27th
of August McClellan telegraphed:
Alexandria, Augvtt 27,1862—12.5 p. m.
My aid has just returned from General Franklin's
camp; reports that Generals Franklin, Smith, and
Slocum are all in Washington. He gave the order to
the next in rank to place the oorps in readiness to
move at once. I learn that heavy firing has been
heard this morning at Centreville, and have sent to
ascertain the truth. I can find no cavalry to send out
on the roads. Are the works garrisoned and ready
for defense t
G. B. McCLELLAN, Major General.
MajorGeneral Halleck. Watkington.
Mr. HOWARD. What works ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I suppose they were
the works around Washington. Pope had
been fighting then for twelve days, night and
day, and all the time there were thirty thou-
sand fresh troops that had been lying then three
days awaiting transportation ; and with an or-
der peremptorily to go out by forced marches,
McClellan wanted to know if the works around
| Washington were safe ! And at one o'clock
I and fifteen minutes p. m. on the 27th—and
i here hours and minutes become important—
| General McClellan again telegraphed:
" Franklin's artillery have no horses, except for
fonr guns without caissons. I can pick op no cav-
alry. Inviewof these facts, will it notbewell to push
Sumner's corps here by water as rapidly as possible,
to make immediate arrangements for placing the
works in front of Washington in an efficient condi-
tion of defense?"
This was on the 27th of August, three days
before the final battle was fought, and when
there were thirty thousand men lying iu Alex-
andria doing nothing!
"I have no means of knowing the enemy's force
between Pope and ourselves. Can Franklin, with-
out his artillery or cavalry, effect any useful pur-
pose in front? Sbonld not Bumside at once take
steps to evacuate Falmouth and Aquia, at the same
time covering the retreat of any of Pope's troops who
may fall back in that direction? I do not see that
we have force enough in hand to form a connection
with Pope, whose exact position we do not know.
Are we safe in the direction of the valley?"
Not force enough to attempt to join a brother !
soldier fighting overwhelming odds? Yet up i
to this very time, dope's supplies and muni-
tions were actually going to him by an unob-
structed railroad, and the superintendent had
been begging for infantry to protect his trains.
His dispatches of those days are full of such
petitions. And thatis in response to a peremp- j
tory order to march by forced marches thirty :
thousand fresh troops to relieve our army that ;
had been fighting eleven days ! Again, on the I
morning of the 28th of August, the day of that
severe battle where Hooker's men were left
without ammunition, General Halleck tele-
graphs to General Franklin:
War Department,
Washington, 1). C., Auguit 28,1862.
On parting with General McClellan, about two
o'clook this morning, it was understood that, you were
to move with your corps to-day toward Manassas
Junction, to drive the enemy from the railroad. I
have just learned that the General has not yet. re-
turned to Alexandria. If you have not received his
order acton this. II. W. HALLLUK,
(reneral-tn-Uhirf.
Major General Franklin, Alexandria.
This was two days before the battle ! At one
o'clock and five minutes p. m. of August 28,
not General Franklin, but General McClellan
responds:
Alexandria, Virginia,
Augutt 28, 1862, 1 p. m.
Your dispatoh to Franklin received. I have been
doing all possible to hurry artillery and oavulry,
The moment Franklin can be started with a reason-
able amount, he shall go. In the mean time seo
Whipple's dispatch. Something must bo done in
that direction. Please see Barnard and be sure that
the works toward the Chain Bridge are perfectly
secure. I look upon these works, especially Ethan
Allen and Marcy, as of the first importance. I have
heard incidentally that there is no garrison in Ethan
Allen, but presume it a. mistake. I have just con-
versed with Colonel Ilolabird, and think the enemy
is in so much force near Manassas as to make it necos-
sary for us to move in force.
GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,
Major General Commanding.
That is in response to a peremptory order
to move instantly! General Halleck replied :
War Department,
Washington, D. C., Augvtt 28,1862.
Not a moment must he lost in pushing as large a
force as possible toward Manassas, so as to commu-
nicate with Pope before the enemy is reenforced. I
directed General Barnard to report to you, and do
not know where he is. In Barnard's absence Whip-
ple can tell you about the garrisons of the forts. No
message from Pope has reached here. _ „
H. W. HALLECK, .
General-in-Chitf.
Major General McClellan, Alexandria.
He says that not a moment must be lost in
pushing a large force toward Pope. On the
same day, August 28, is another dispatch from
the same source:
Wab Department,
Washington, D. C., Augutt 28,1862.
There must be no further delay in moving Frank-
lin's corps toward Manassas. They must go to-mor-
row morning, ready or not ready. If we delay too
long to get ready there will be. no necessity to go at
all, for Pope will either bo defeated or victorious
without our aid. If there is want of wagons the men
must carry provisions with them till the wagons can
come to their relief. H. W. HALLECK,
General-in-Chief.
Major General MoCleluan, Alexandria.
On Friday, the 29th of August, General
McClellan telegraphed—mark you, this was two
days after the peremptory order to move by
forced marches—
" Franklin's corps is in motion; started about six
am. I can give him but two squadrons of cavalry.
I propose moving General Cox to Upton's hill, to
hold that important pointwith its works, and to push
cavalry scouts to Vienna, via Freedom hill and
Hunter's lane."
To make a long story short, Franklin's corps
moved the enormous distance, starting at six
o'clock that day, of six miles, and then en-
camped. I cannot stop longer to read from
these documents, though I have them all before
me, for I see my time is nearly out. On the
day of the final battle, August 30, at six o' clock
in the afternoon, after Pope had been driven
back, he was informed that Franklin's corps
was within twelve miles of thS battle-field and
it had been during the whole three days within
sound of his guns in the terrible fighting that
i was going on. Franklin's corps arrived within
| twelve miles of the battle field, having accom-
plished the enormous distance of eighteen mil< s
on a forced march of three days! And Pope
I was defeated. I asked General King, who took
j part in that battle, " Suppose General Frank-
i lin's corps had appeared on the field of battle
| at four o'clock in the afternoon of Saturday
j the 30th, what would have been the effect?'
! Said he, " If one single brigade of Franklin s
I corps had appeared on that battle-field at four
