2390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
they are to be turned over to tho rebels the
time is so short that it will be impossible fur
them to frame the proper laws, even if they
had power to execute them. The Kuklux Klan
and everybody concerned in the organization
to overthrow the government there are well
aware that if they can only hold out a few
months they will have it all their own way.
Do yon think the colored men down tlioro
under such circumstances will dare return to
their counties, register their names as voters,
and get ready for an election next fall? Do
you not believe the Kuklnx will keep entire
control of that country until that time?
But it is said this is an extraordinary power
to be exercised by Congress.; I submit that the
power in this amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts is a precisely analogous power
to that assumed by the Bingham amendment.
The Bingham amendment undertakes to say
when an election shall take place in a State.
If you are going to fix the time when an elec-
tion shall take place fix a proper time; fix a
time that will give the loyal men of Georgia an
opportunity to organize ; fix a reasonable time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question ?
Mr. STEWART. Yes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 ask whether in his
opinion there is any difference in point of pro-
priety between fixing a time for the election m
accordance with the Georgia constitution and
fixing one in the face of it?
Mr. STEWART. Any difference in point
of propriety! ] do not propose to lix a time
in lace of it. 1 maintain that this is just as
much in accordance with it as the other.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not answer
my question.
Mr. STEWART. Well, assuming for the
sake of this question that the Bingham amend-
ment is in accordance with the constitution of
Georgia, and that the other is in the face of it,
1 then say if we are going to guaranty to Geor-
gia a republican form of government we should
fix the proper time to do it; wo should take
securities that wo shall have a republican form
of government when Georgia is lot. in.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to ask this question:
whether the Senator's argument for the post-
ponement of the time of the election docsnot go
directly to defeat this bill altogether ; whether
it does not prove that the bill for the admis-
sion of Georgia ought not to pass at all?
Mr. STEWART. The Senator can judge
of the weight of my argument and the force
with which it strikes him. I suppose we want
to getthrouglfVith this matter of reconstruc-
tion. I confess that if this was a new ques-
tion, if it was not necessary to get rid of the
business, the best way would bo to put Geor-
gia under military rule until there could bo
another election; but I believe tho loyal men
of Georgia who have held out against all ob-
stacles will be able to make that a republican
State if they have an opportunity.
Now, as to the power to do just what is here
proposed I will not lengthen this argument
and do not propose to talk at any length, but
I wish to call attention again to section eleven
of article eleven of the Georgia constitution :
"11. Should this constitution bo ratified by tho
people, and Congress accept the same with any qual-
ifications or conditions, tho government horein pro-
vided for and the officers elected shall nevertheless!
exist and continue in the exercise of their several
tunetions as the government of this State so far as
tho same may be consistent with tho action of the
United States in the premises."
I propose to make "tho action of the United
States in the premises'' consistent with tho
possibility of having a legal and loyal State
government. The constitution here declares
that the officers shall remain in office so far as
is consistent with the action of the United States.
I do not propose that the rebels who have pre-
vented the organization of the Legislature, and
prevented a large portion of that Legislature
from occupying their seats at all, shall avail
themselves of their own wrong to get posses-
sion of this State government and to organize
a rebel government in the beginning. We have
had enough to do with fundamental conditions.
This is not a more extensive fundamental con-
dition than any others:
That in eoiisonnoitco of the failure of tho Son-
era! Assembly of Ueorgia to olleot . legal organiza-
tion after a period of over eighteen months, it bo,
ami hereby is, declared that the term of sorvico of
the General Assembly a? now organised shall dato
troni the lioth of January, 1870, and shall oontinuo
until the persons to bo ohoson on tho Xuosday aftor
the tirst Monday of November, 1872, as members of
tho General Assembly of said State, are qualified.
With a proviso that the constitution shall not
thereafter bo construed so as to extend the
regular term provided for in tho constitution.
You have in Georgia a Legislature elected, and
you have State officers who are loyal elected.
You have had that election, but yon have not
been able to carry it into effect by reason of
tho fraud, force, and violonce of the opposition
to that government. You are proposing to
reorganize on a loyal basis. Now, lot us pro-
vide by compact between Congress and this
State tliat the government of Georgia shall not
be turned over to the rebels, until they have a
reasonable time to organize.
1 concur with tho Senator from Massachu-
setts that this is tho honest view. It is exactly
what I mean, that if Georgia is to come in, the
present Legislature shall have time to pass the
necessary laws to pnt a republican government,
in operation. If she cannot have that time,
and if wo cannot give her that time, we have
no need Ao guaranty a republican form of
government. It is a poor guarantee to bring
her in without allowing sufficient time to put
the government in operation, and turn her over
to the rebels to organize it,. 1 do not propose
to participate in any such kind of guarantee
as that, because if you do that, after you have
admitted her you will have a case much worse
than Tennessee at the next session ol' Con-
gress. You had better meet it now. Either
keep her out under military rule, or give the
present organization time to establish itself
and time to protect loyal voters, so that there
can be a fair election when it comes.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not propose to
enter into any general discussion of this ques-
tion, or of anything relating to the reconstruc-
tion of Georgia in particular ; but I confess
there is one sight I should like to see on this
earth before I die ; and that is, I should like
to see one of this Kuklux Klan. Whenever
party interest is to be subserved, whenever it
is necessary, in the language of the Senator
from Nevada, to make a Republican State,
whether the people of that State wish it to be
a Republican State or not, then the news-
papers of the party to which the Senator be-
longs are filled with most horrible accounts of
the bloody deeds and the terrible threatenings
of this awful Kuklux Klan.
When the people of Tennessee meet at the
polls, and two men, both Republicans, are can-
didates for the office of Governor, and one not
supposed to be quite so radical in all respects
as the other succeeds, the State needs to be
reconstructed, because then the Kuklux Klan
break out afresh all over the State 1 And when
you have reconstructed Georgia, and become
apprehensive that under the operation of your
own handiwork your objects as a party will not
be so completely subserved as you anticipated,
then up starts the bloody Kuklux Klan to
threaten all the loyal citizens of the State of
Georgia, and especially those superlatively
loyal and superlatively intelligent American
citizens, the negroes 1 Then it is that their
rights are to bo outraged ; then it is that this
horrible white race are banding themselves
in Kuklux Klans to destroy every vestige of
civil and constitutional liberty in the State of
Georgia! When you again reconstructed her,
entertaining the apprehension that the State
might not be in the future such a Republican
State ; notrepublican within the meaning of the
Constitution of the United States, but mightnot
be, according to party name, so Republican as
you desired, you summoned up, if not from
the vasty deep, from your own imaginations,
this bloody Kuklux Klan to desolate all Geor-
gia. And now, sir, when you are for a third time
reconstructing Georgia, when you have proved
yourselves on your own confession to be but
poor artificers in the work of State-making,
we have again the same picture of the Kuklux
Klan !• Wlien one of these bills comes before
Congress, if you notice it, if it is deferred for
a month you hear but little of the Kuklux
Klan ; but a few days before it is to be called
up, lo 1 and behold, we hear of this terrible
band of outlaws desolating Georgia, and mur-
dering peaceful, quiet citizens, especially those
loyal citizens, the negroes !
Now, sir, the Senator from Nevada avows
that his advocacy of this bill is for the purpose
of making this State a Republican State, of
course in a party sense, not in the sense of the
Constitution. What have you to do as a Con-
gress of the United States wtih causing this
Stato either to bo a Republican or a Demo-
cratic State ? After you yourselves have some
two or three times attempted to reconstruct
this State why are yon not willing to stop for a
short time and see whether the people them-
selves will not go to work under your recon-
struction acts and properly carry their govern-
ment, into operation ? Why, sir, we had a bill
before us in the month of December last to
further reconstruct, the Stato of Georgia ; and
on tho passage of the bill its title was very
wisely amended, on the suggestion of a Senator
now in my eye, "further to promote tho recon-
struction of Georgia;" and why the amend-
ment? Because it might become necessary for
tho Senate still further to promote the recon-
st ruction of Georgia. Promote it for what pur-
pose? That peace, law, order, and good
government might be more effectually and per-
manently established in the State of Georgia?
No, sir; but that tho object which has been
avowed here to-day on the floor of the Senate
should bo more absolutely secured; that Geor-
gia should bo made more effectually a Black
Republican State; that its reconstraction in
that sanse might be further promoted. We
were led to believe when that bill was before
us in December last that it was to accomplish
all that was desired. You had a prompter ou
the floor of the Senate—a man who 1 under-
stand displayed his loyalty in the early stages
of the rebellion. I do not wish to do that
gentleman injustice, but such is my private
in form ation—a man who showed his devotion
to the Union of these States by leading a force,
it' 1 mistake not, to seize upon the arsenal at
Augusta. If I do the gentleman injustice I
•shall be happy to retract it; but such is private
information communicated to me. Notwith-
standing he was here all ablaze with loyalty
and you were listening to his counsels; not-
withstanding we had a right to think we were
assured under the operation of your work then
that peace and good order would prevail in
Georgia, what do we find by your own con-
fession? The very amendment offered this
morning by the Senator from Massachusetts
declares the action of the Legislature of Geor-
gia to have been revolutionary, and the debates
in this body heretofore when this measure
has been before you—I believe the report of
your Committee on the Judiciary, certainly the
speeches of the members of that committee—
show that the action of this Legislature of Geor-
gia, whom you summoned to legislate for that
State by saying who the military command'er in
Georgia was to recall as members of the Legis-
lature, has been so revolutionary and so out-
rageous that you yourselves are now bound to
correct your own work; and the proposition
before the Senate, which, however, I will not
discuss, is to continue the same set of men in
power until 1872, the object of that being
avowed to be that they shall not construe
themselves to be in power longer.
I do not propose, however, Mr. President,
to discuss the 'fi orgia b<U on this proposed
