1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5223
in command, and in opposition to the wishes of the
claimant^ is set, forth in the depositions of his subal-
terns, that officer having died soon after the occur-
rence took place.
"The respectability of the claimant is attested by
a large portion of the members of the Legislature
of Florida, who express in strong terms their belief
io the justice of his claim."
I set out the claim in full, the items in detail,
and we very much lessened tlie sum claimed by
the original applicant. T will explain this mat-
ter as fully as may be deemed necessary ; but
this is the outline of the case. The whole list
is itemized here, with the values attached to
each item proven by a dozen or more witnesses.
All the facts referred to in the report of Mr.
Butler in 184G are substantiated by the testi-
mony, and more than substantiated.
The original amount of the claim was some
fifty odd thousand dollars. We have reduced it
to $30,000. Considering that this loss took
place in 1888, giving no interest, if the party
is entitled to anything at all this is avery mod-
erate sum that we propose to aliow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have glanced over the
report hastily since the biil has been up, and
really I do not think we ought to pass a bill to
pay 530,000. The case is simply this 
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator is opposed
to it- 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not want to delay
it any more than simply to state what the case
is, and then if the Senator from Ohio and other
Senators think proper to pass it, be it so.
Here was a gentleman living in Florida some
forty years ago,and he hada house and akitchen
and a stable and out-house. Here is his ac-
count : $500 he says his kitchen was worth, a
one-story kitchen. His house was one-story
high, set up on pillars so many feet from the
ground, and for that he charges $4,500; and so
on. He makes up an account of §30,000. He
hos been pressing that matter here now for
forty years. The property was destroyed by the
Indians. He says the reason it was destroyed
was because of friendship to the whites, that
the Indians retaliated and destroyed this prop-
erty. The testimony is ex parte. Affidavits
are filed to prove this statement of this man.
It does seem to me that we ought not on such
testimony, and on a case like this, forty years
old, to vote 5530,000 out of the Treasury to
pay to the owner of this property, sworn to on
affidavit 
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The Sen-
ator from Ohio calls for the regular order;
which is House bill No. 2045, to reduce inter-
nal taxation, and for other purposes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say to tho
Senator from Ohio that I was through. I do
not wish to delay the bill called up by the
Senator from New York, so far as 1 am con-
cerned.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think wo had better go
on with the regular order. I am very anxious
to get through with the tax bill to-night.
tax bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 2045) to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes, is before the Senate. The
pending question is on the amendment of the
Senator trom South Carolina [Mr. Sawyer] to
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Scnur.J;.] It is to add Charleston to the
cities mentioned in the seventh section of tho
original amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. As Charleston is far re-
mole from any place named here, I shall vote
to insert it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is already a port of
entry, and they have the officers, 1 suppose.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; it will create no
additional expense to put in Charleston.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word "Charleston" the words
'' Savannah, Georgia,"
Mr. SHERMAN. If Savannah is added
Charleston ought not to be, they are so close
together.
Mr. KELLOGG. They are several hundred
miles apart.
Mr. SHERMAN. A morning's ride in a
steamer.
Mr. KELLOGG. Savannah is a very im-
portant point and imports more goods than
Charleston.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana to the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 20, noes 10 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a proposition to load
the thin" down.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now, I ask any Senator in
this body what can be the objection, where the
place is a port of entry at which the officers
now all exist, to giving them the right to send
through ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I supposed the Senator
objected to this because it created so much
expense.
Mr. HAMLIN. If you make a port of entry
out of what is now a port of delivery you make
an expense; but by giving all existing ports
of entry the right to send their goods to other
places you do not add one mill to the expense.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We had a bill up a little
while ago, a bill that confined these provisions
to ports of entry in cities of fifty thousand in-
habitants, and the Senate voted it down. Now
you are proposing to put on ports of entry
without reference to their population ; and the
Senator from Maine tells us 
Mr. KELLOGG. They are sea-ports.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Maine
tells us now that it docs not create expense.
If we could have the votes of the gentlemen
who sustain these amendments it might be dif-
ferent; but we find the Senator from New
York and the Senators from Vermont very
anxious to put on all these little places; and
when they get th m on how are they going to
vote ? If putting them on would make the bill
so fair and proper that we could have the vote
of the Senators from Vermont, then there might
be some reason why the friends of this meas-
ure should consent to have these cities put on.
But when we understand that the putting on
of these small cities simply tends to load down
the original amendment, those who are friendly
to it must try to keep as many of them off as
they can.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I never knew before—
but we learn every minute—that the amount
of fraud committed in transporting goods de-
pended on the smallness of the places to which
they were to go. The Senator from Illinois
instructed us a little while ago that the amount
of fraud bore a ratio to the largeness of the
city, and therefore, inasmuch as New York
was the largest city, that was the place we
ought to get all goods out of before they were
examined in order to avoid fraud. Now, when
we propose any place where there is a smaller
number of inhabitants, my friend gets up and
ooposes it on the ground that it is going to be
a dangerous performance.
The real truth about this business is that if
it is right to send goods anywhere, it is right
to send them everywhere where it is reason-
able. Goods may be expected to go where
they arc wanted. That is the fact about it, as
I think the Senator from Indiana stated the
other day. If this is to come within the Con-
stitution, you must send it to every State where
there is a port, and to every port. There can-
not be any reasonable dispute about that.
Whatever my friend from Illinois may say, this
prohibition against making any regulation of
commerce against the port of any State and
in favor of others is a prohibition against the
unequal exercise of the power that the Con-
stitution givesto Congress to impose duties and
to make regulations of commerce. " To regu-
late commerce " is the very language of the
Constitution. The Supreme Court hag decided
a dozen times, as my friend well knows, that
everything that relates to imports is a part of
the regulation of commerce, and it is nothing
else. _ The Constitution says (everything that
you do as to imports being a regulation of
commerce) that you shall make no unetjual
regulations which shall operate in favor of the
ports of one State against the ports of another ;
so that if you are to have this matter consti-
tutional, to say nothing now about the danger,
and the danger is no greater as to a small
place than a great one, you must say that every
port of' entry or every port of delivery, where
ever Congress chooses to establish it, which is
another thing, shall have the same right to
introduce goods that any other port has. That
would be fair.
Mr. HOWELL. Having got the bill in that
shape, does the Senator propose to vote forit?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know whether
I will vote for it or not. It will depend con-
siderably on what I think is right about that.
My friend from Iowa and ray friend from Illi-
nois seem disposed to make a trade about this
business. That is not the way I legislate. It
is either right or wrong under the Constitution
that the ports of entry of every State should
stand upon an equal footing. If it is right,
let my honorable friends go for it without count-
ing the cost as to how many votes they are to
get or lose by doing right. If it is wrong, let
them give a good reason for its being wrong
and go against it, and not ask me what my
views are as to the safety of this whole measure,
be it more or less, whether one port is in it or
out.
I will say this to the Senate, and in all frank-
ness, that I think there is no more danger,
but less, in providing for every port of entry
irrespective of the number of its inhabitants,
than there is sending goods to these great cities
where the opportunites of secrecy and sudden
disappearance of goods are more than they are
at the small ports.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I wish also to put in a
little protest against the way that the Senator
from Illinois is inclined to treat this subject
and dispose of it. He does me the honor to
classify me with other Senators, and he says
of the group that he mentions that they vote
for all these places with a view to loading down
the bill for the purpose of defeating it. I beg
to say to the honorable Senator thai I have not
voted to add a single place, except this one
named, to wit, Savannah ; and I have voted for
that for reasons peculiar to Savannah ; and the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] perhaps
stated them sufficiently, when he said that the
accouterments and equipments of a custom-
house are there already at that port of entry,
and that it is to add no expense whatever to
give it the facilities which are being accorded
to other places.
Very likely, now, the Senator from Illinois
is unable to see any reason why that distin-
guishes Savannah from any other place. It
does distinguish it, in my judgment; and there-
fore, although I have not voted for the addi-
tion of one other place, unless I have forgotten
it—I did not vote for Charleston—I do see
reason why I should vote for this.
Nov/, I hope the Senator, in regard to this
matter, will be able to accord to others motives
at least as sincere as those which actuate bin?.
Legislation is not like swapping jackknives or
trading horses, nor is it a thing wnieh depends
upon the principles that gomrnagame ot gra'u.
I am notopposing this measure because I think
its defeat is to be an advantage to'the city of
New York. That is not the reason at all. I
oppose it because I believe that its friends
resist piovisions upon which alone we can reiv
as barriers against fraud. I believe the state-
ments repeatedly made by the Treasury Depart-
