1870.
THE QONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3335
ment of education at the close of the first year
of its existence, and that volume of statictics,
for the purpose of gathering which it is said this
department was created, is simply made up of
extracts from the various educational journals
throughout the UnitedStates, extracts from the
reports of State superintendents, and copies of
engravings in those annual reports published by
the States. I do not blame the Commissioner
who at that time held this office for this condi-
tion of things. He could not help himself.
And as the law stands now you may appoint
forty Commissioners, and they cannot help
themselves.
If you are to have a Bureau of Education
that is to do anything in the way of collecting
statistics which shall be of any value, which
shall contain anything new and not known to
the various State superintendencies through-
out the United States already, you must then
create a system of collecting those statistics
through subordinate officers who shall return
their reports to the head of your Bureau of
Education. In other words, you must begin
the creation of a system of education carried
on ihrough Federal functionaries, instead of
having those systems carried on through the
functionaries of the several States as they are
now. It is because I believe that the addition
of expense in this Bureau or department of
Education is but paving the way toward draw-
ing to the Federal Government legislation over
this subject of education, and thereby tending
to withdraw that subject from the superintend-
ence of the States, and tending to diminish the
interest of the local authorities of the State in
the subject, that I deprecate it. I deprecate
ravself the very existence of this Bureau of ;
Education; but if you wish to have a bureau
such as is existing under the law as it stands, i
merely for the purpose of collecting such sta- ,
tistics as the State superintendents or persons ,
interested in education in the different States
inay choose voluntarily to contribute, then a ;
Commissioner and two clerks are all sufficient [
for the purpose. If you ask for more you have
got to have further legislation, having the effect,
as I have already said, perhaps too often, of
drawing from the States the superintendence ;
of the system of education.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, my im- !
pression is that if this proposition were sent
to the Committee on Appropriations it would
come back to the Senate with a recommenda-
tion to the Senate concurring in the action of
the House. I was absent during the consider-
ation of this proposition in the committee, and
was not aware that it received a negative vote
in the committee until the bill was presented
to the Senate.
If I had my way I would make this a depart-
ment of education, and I would give its head
the position of a Cabinet officer, and I would
appropriate for its benefit $1,000,000. There
is a wide difference in reference to the subject;
but I make these statements upon deep and
cautions and deliberate consideration. There
is, to be sure, certain educational machinery
in the different States, apparently performing
its proper functions, where the responsibility
is apparently upon the shoutders of those who
are more intimately connected with the educa-
tion of the people than it could be if it were
located in the national Government.
. But, sir, I have some knowledge in connec-
tion with the State of the Senator from Con-
necticut, where I know from experience that
these functions have not the proper operation
and motion to give effect to the system. I say
it with shame and with sorrow; and I also say
it with a feeling of anxiety touching the future,
that we in New England need especial attention
from some quarter directed to know whether
the youth of the country are receiving that
instruction that will prepare them to become
citizens of this Republic, capable of giving
their sanction to measures affecting the inter-
ests and the life of the nation. There are a
bookiul of considerations that would influence
me to modify to an extent beyond any other
Department of this Government a department
of education. It may not be so considered
to-day, but I am quite sure that before the end
of the term of the Senator having the longest
term who now sits in his seat there will be
forced upon the attention of this body consid-
erations that will compel a vote giving sanction
to a department of that character.
Mr. YATES. I did not expect to say any-
thing further on this subject, but some thoughts
have struck me at the moment. They are not
momentary, but so far as my past life ha3 been j
concerned, so long as I have been in public i
life, for thirty years it has been my solemn
conviction, from conversation with intelligent |
men, educated men, and even with good men
who were not educated, that the first, the 1
grandest, the highest, the noblest department ■
in the Government should be a department of ]
national education—not that we would deprive
the States, as the Senator from Connecticut,
who always speaks ably on every subject, says,
of any power whatever upon this subject. We
leave them to do all that they can for educa-
tion, and when they have done all that they ,
can they have not done enough. When the
national Government has done all that it can,
then enough has not been done. The theory >
of this Government, as 1 understand it, is rad-
ical. All men are to vote. The preservation
of this Government, the union of these States,
and the prosperity of this country depend upon
education. That is the foundation-stone; all
else are but the pillars of this superstructure.
Now, Mr. President, if I understand the
[ present proposition before the Senate it is to
strike out the clause as it came from the House,
and also the proviso of the Senator from Mis-
souri. Am I right?
. The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. YATES. Then we are left with an
appropriation of $5,400, which pays $3,000 to
the Commissioner, and $1,200 apiece to two
clerks, not enough to educate a single China-
■ man or three negroes in the United States.
[Laughter.] That is the proposition now, as
I understand it, contended for by the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations. That is
the appropriation to be made for this great
| subject of national education at this important
crisis in our country, when we are getting
down to the foundation theory of the Govern-
ment, the Declaration of American Independ-
i ence, when we say, as I do from my heart,, that
this Government consists of all the people,
high and low, rich and poor, ignorant and
learned, with equal rights. All depends upon
that.
I do not say that we shall survive the experi-
ment of self-government. We may be landed,
on the other side of Jordan in this great experi-
ment, that all men 3hall have equal rights.
But, sir, that is the theory of the Govern-
ment; that is the position upon which I have
placed myself; and we will trust in the provi-
dence of God and in the wise legislation of Con-
gress and of all of our State governments,
that there will be education and intelligence
enough to counterpoise the ignorance that may
meet us on every hand. We will trust to that.
That is our theory. We know as well as we
know anything that there are men not qualified
to vote, and yet they have rights as dear as
your3 or mine. The humblest blacksmith in
the land has the same rights and understands
his wants better than the able Senator from
Massachusetts ("Mr. Sumner] understands the
wants of that blacksmith ; and he is a better
legislator upon the subject of his trade than
that most distinguished Senator could be.
This is the theory of this Government.
The Senator from Rhode Island said that he
would establish this bureau with $1,OOCLOOO
of appropriation. I said the other day tHy11
would establish it with an appropriation of
$100,000; and I now say that ! would go to
any and the highest limit to which the Senate
of the United States would go to make this
bureau a grand national institution. I would
give it a building equal to any that has been
erected for any purpose, with its library, its
halls, its officers, and its clerks, suitable in
every respect to the character of a great and
mighty nation such as we are. That is the
kind of an institution I would have.
Gentlemen talk about this as a mere institu-
tion to collect statistics, &c. Why, sir, that
would be the least of the duties of this depart-
ment when it is properly organized. We must
have information from every State for the legis-
lation of Congress, because connected with
this department are all the interests of the
Government. Commerce, agriculture, and all
the interests that are referred to here are insig-
nificant compared with this noble and worthy
object of education.
Mr. President, Iamnotmakingtheseremarks
without having thought on the subject hereto-
fore. I am not making this speech in any im-
fulsive mood. I do not know that the views
present would be popular with a large por-
tion of our tax-paying constituents; but I do
know thata Government like ours, that aspires
to be the first Governmentin the world, should
do everything to promote intelligence among
the people. It should be an example toother
nations. It should do everything to promote
the moral power and influence of the Govern-
mental home and abroad. The legislator who
cannot come up to high-water mark on this
question, in my opinion, thirty years from now,
as this nation grows in power and intelligence,
will be sorry to find his name recorded for a
commissioner and two clerks for a national
bureau of education. I would rather sign my
death warrant than to cast such a vote.
Sir, must we have State rights come up
against every question where this nation pro-
poses to take a subject in its hands? Must we
say that this belongs to the States and that
] belongs to the States? It wouTd be very fine
for Connecticut, for she has an admirable sys-
j tem of schools, her people are educated and
I intelligent. But how will it be in Georgia, iu
North Carolina, in South Carolina,, when the
Democrats come into power, as they will unless
the legislation of this Congress is materially
: changed? How will it be as to education
there? You may. put it in your Constitution
| if you please that they shall educate their peo-
ple, but will they do it? How lonsr will it be
I before Arkansas and Alabama will have the
I advantages of Connecticut?
j Sir, thpre is every interest at stake in this
j measure. This is a new period in the history
! of the world. By the kind providence of God
j we stand upon a new era; and it is the era of
I reform. There is no preservation for this Gov-
ernment or this Union unless we make educa-
tion run pari passu with our increasing ignorant
population. I wish I had time from notes that
! I have made to present the various subjects
which would properly claim the attention of
such a bureau as this. Why, sir, if properly
constituted, it would be the pride of America ;
it would be her glory. Her capital might stand,
but the building in which the bureau of national
education was placed would tower above, it.
Sir, if I thought that Senators came up to my
view on this subject I would have this clause
of the bill referred again to the Committee on
Appropriations, of which the Senator from
Maine is the able head. I would have them
make an appropriation for an edifice which
should not be inferior, though not perhaps as
large, as any other of your public buildings;
which should be beautiful in its construction,
and arranged with reference to all the import-
ant matters that should come before this
bureau. I speak on this subject from my mind
and from my heart. This bureau would inspire
in the States emulation, would communicate
with them, and derive information from them
which would be general and could be received
by the other States. It could collect statistics
from foreign nations, from the most, advanced
peoples of Europe, Sir, let not this Senate
