1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42.79
him or with any race in prowess and in intel-
lect. He may even compete with him in in-
dustry; but he cannot compete with him in
ability and willingness to live at small cost.
He cannot compete with him in bestiality of
social life He cannot compete with him in
indifference to the decencies of civilization.
One hundred Chinamen will live, with unusual
comfort for them, in a house in which ten
Americans would be cramped for room.
Do you think you can convert them to our
religion or our civilization? You have been
trying it for the last five hundred years; and
Catholic and Protestant missionaries in China
have labored in vain there, and they have had
tiot the least effect upon these Chinese, who
have been brought here and who have thus
come in contact with the vices as well as the
virtues of our civilization. You cannot make
them conform to our institutions. You cannot
attach them to the principles of the Constitu-
tion. They have a civilization of their own,
older than ours, and in their opinion better
than ours. They will not compete with us, as
I have said, in muscle ; but they will in cheap-
ness and wretchedness of existence.
X tell gentlemen of my party upon this floor,
and I have never been anything else than a
Republican—I was a Republican almost with
the first political breath I drew, and by that
party I expect to stand so long as it and I shall
live—I ask my Republican friends to beware
how they open the doors to these hordes from
Asia, to beware how they, invest them with
citizenship, because they are a corrupt people,
because they are destitute of all moral prin-
ciple, because they are without self-respect,
because they will not*appreciate the privilege
of citizenship, except so far as it will afford
them opportunities to make a few dollars by
the sale of their votes. I cannot look with
complacency on the prospect of Chinamen in
the jury-box, of Chinamen upon the beach,
of Chinamen holding the county offices, and
on Chinamen dictating to our rulers, who will
iu many cases be placed in their positions by
the Chinese votes which they have purchased.
I ask my Republican friends not to perpetrate
this act of folly. I ask them not to perpetrate
this outrage upon the American people. I ask
them not to strike down the last vestige of the
Republican party on the Pacific coast.
Mr. SARGENT. I now yield to my col-
league [Mr. Axtell] whatever time 1 may
have left.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, I observe that
gentlemen are anxious to discuss this bill. 1
hope by uuanimous consent debate shall be
allowed to run on, and that I shall be at liberty,
after the reading of the Journal to morrow
morning, to demand the previous question.
Mr. FINIvELNBURG. I shall object to
that, and for this reason : I have been trying
to get the floor on this bill ever since it came
up. Tf that order be made I shall have no
opportunity to make any remarks in opposition
to this bill. I do not wish to speak to empty
benches. I do not propose to rise merely for
the purpose of general debate; but I do wish
to submit a few practical remarks, and I desire
to submit them when there is some one here
to hear them.
Several Members. Do it now.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Cali-
fornia has seven minutes of his hour left, which
he has yielded to his colleague.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I do not want more
than twenty minutes.
Mr. WARD. I hope by general consent
the gentleman from Missouri will he allowed
twenty minutes. Then my friend can resume
the floor and submit the proposition which he
has just stated.
The SPEAKER. The bill is pending, and
of course the discussion upon it will run, unless
interrupted by the gentleman who has charge
of the bill rising to call the previous question
or close debate, or by some gentleman who has
the right to the floor to move to lay the bill
upon the table. Those are the only two test
questions which can bring the House to a vote.
Jlr. DAWES. I desire to state that there
are three appropriation bills waiting the action
of the House. I gave way for this bill on the
assurance of the gentleman from New York
who has charge of it that he would only occupy
two hours and a half; but we have given him
the whole day, and I hope he will dispose of
his bill.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, I wish to renew
my suggestion, that after the gentleman from
California [Mr. Axtell] has got through, the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Fixkelnbueg,]
who represents a large German element in his
constituency, be permitted to occupy the time
which he desires, namely, twenty minutes.
And after the gentleman has occupied twenty
minutes in opposing the bill, then let my col-
league [Mr. Davis] announce what course he
desires to pursue with reference to it.
Mr. McNEELY. Mr. Speaker, I have also
a word to say on this question. I have been
trying to get the floor all day to-day, in order
to make some remarks on this bill. In De-
cember last I offered a bill dealing with this
question, and I desire to substitute it for this
entire bill. I wish at the same time to make
some remarks, to urge upon the House the
propriety of making that substitution.
Mr. FINKELNBCJRG. If I can get the
floor for fifteen or twenty minutes I have no
desire to detain the House for a longer period.
I should like very much, however, to have an
opportunity of addressing the House for that
length of time.
Several members called for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Axtell] is entitled to the floor,
and has seven minutes remaining.
Mr. AXTELL. Before I proceed I should
like to know if the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Finkelscurg] is to be allowed twenty
minutes by unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. FixkeljT-
burg] after the gentleman from California [Mr.
Axtell] shall have concluded, unless the gen-
tleman from New York who has charge of the
bill rises to close debate; in which event, of
course the Chair will be bound to recognize
him.
Mr. AXTELL. Am I then to understand
from the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Davis] that he will allow the gentleman from
Missouri to proceed after I shall have con-
cluded the few remarks which I desire to ad-
dress to the House? If the gentleman from
NewYorkwill not give that assurance, Idesire
to yield the time to which I am entitled to the
gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. WARD. Is there any objection to the
gentleman from Missouri occupying twenty
minutes after the gentleman from California
has got through?
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears none.
Mr. McNEELY. If there is any arrange-
ment of this kind to be made I desire to be
included in it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair makes no
arrangement, except that after the gentleman
from California has concluded he will recog-
nize the gentleman from Missouri, unless the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Davis] shall
then claim his parliamentary right and rise to
clos6 debate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to say to the
gentleman from New York having charge
of the bill that I had an understanding with
him, as I supposed, by which I reserved the
right to offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has entered a motion to-day to recommit
the bill, and while that is pending no amend-
ment can be offered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I beg to say that I had
an understanding with the gentleman from
New York by which I was to have the privilege
of offering an amendment, which was to reduce
the term of residence required prior to natu-
ralization to one year ; and I ask the gentle-
man if he _ is willing to allow the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. McNeely] to offer Ms sub-
stitute in place of that amendment? '
Mr. DAVIS. So far as any understanding
with tho_ gentleman from Wisconsin is con-
cerned, if the gentleman says there was an
understanding I shall accept his assertion. I
have no recollection of it. But! think I ought
to lnnit it to the offering of a simple amend-
ment.
JVIr. ELDRIDGE. Then I shall ask the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McNbely] so to
modify his amendment that it may be accepted
on that understanding. I had ' arranged as
I understood with the gentleman, from New
York that I should offer an amendment to
limit the time of residence to one year. I did
not offer that amendment because I desired
that a year's residence should be required, for
I would prefer that, upon a person coming
here, and choosing to remain here and renounce
his allegiance to other Governments, he should
then have n right to become a citizen.
Mr. McNEELY. _ That is my proposition;
that is exactly my bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman from
New York will concede to the gentleman from
Illinois the right to offer that amendment I
shall waive my right to offer one.
Mr. DA.VIS. I shall not object to his offer-
ing a simple amendment reducing the time to
one year.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title; when the Speaker signed the
same :
An act (H. R. No. 2115) to provide for the
appointment of an Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at Baltimore.
naturalization.
Mr. AXTELL addressed the House. [His
remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Mr. Speaker, in
accordance with my promise I shall not, at this
late hour of the day, try the patience of mem-
bers by any general remarks upon this bill. I
will merely premise by saying that I assume
it to be the policy of this Government to in-
duce settlers from foreign lands to become cit-
izens of this country, rather than repel them,
in their attempts to do so.
The bill now before the House attempts to
change the entire system of naturalization as
it has existed in this country since the founda-
tion of the Government. That will appear by
referring to one of the last sections of this bill
which repeals all former laws upon this sub-
ject. I propose now to show why I shall be
compelled to vote against this bill, although it
has one or two features which I like.
I am obliged to oppose it, because I am sat-
isfied that its effects will be to materially re-
strict the means of obtaining naturalization,
to complicate the machinery and render the
process of naturalization expensive, burden-
some, and oppressive upon those who seek it
in this country. The second section of this
bill provides that every applicant for natural-
ization shall give a notice in court containing
numerous details as to his person atfd as to
his past history. That is his first day in court
under this bill. That notice is of such a char-
acter that nine tenths of those seeking natural-
ization will not be able to draw it up them-
selves, but must either resort to an attorney or
to a clerk of the court to draw it up for them.
At all events he will spend one day in prepar-
ing and presenting that notice.
Then if a person seeking naturalization hap-
pens to presentthis notice on a wrong day, it
he does not do it twenty days before the term
of the court, he is bound- to wait six months
longer and then make a new attempt. In other
words, his cass .goes over to & future term of
