1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 15, 1869.
. Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman.
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved. .
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report from the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, incompliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 6th instant, information in
relation to the lands claimed, held, or occupied
by the Navy Department, for naval or other
purposes, in the State of Louisiana; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also laid before the Senatea letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating the
account of S. Seymour of expenses in making
survey for a bridge across the Potomac river
under joint resolution approved March 2,18G7;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented' the petition of
Mary Muller, of Maryland, widow of John
Mailer, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petitions of
Robert \V. Hart, M. Slaughter, and H. S. Dog-
gett, of Fredericksburg, and Charles B. Gard-
ner, of Montgomery county, Virginia, praying
for the removal of their political disabilities ;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petitions of
Elizabe.li Wood and Mary li. Loring, of Maine,
praying for arrears of pension from the dates
of tire death of their sons to the commencement
of their pensions; which were referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of William H.
Blavi, of Maine, praying for the arrears of
pension due from the date of his discharge on
the 25th of August, 1862, to January 27, 1867,
the date of the commencement of his pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented a petition of the widows of
revolutionary soldiers, praying for an increase
and for arrears of pension ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of John B.
Emerson, praying for compensation for certain
patents which were used by the Navy Depart-
ment and by other Departments of the Gov-
ernment ; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents.
lie also presented the petition of Asa Porter,
praying to be allowed arrears of pay and bounty
on account of services rendered by his son,
Elias K. Porter, of company B, first Maine
heavy artillery volunteers ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the memorial of
laboring men of the United States in con-
vention assembled, setting forth that the con-
dition of the colored laborers of the southern
States appeals most forcibly to Congress to
intervene in their behalf by such just and
timely measures as properly fall within the
scope of the national authority. This memorial
is from the colored convention lately assembled
in the national capital, and is signed by its
president, J. H. Harris, of North Carolina, and
a large number of vice presidents from the
different States. After setting forth the imme- ]
diate necessities of the colored men it says
that thc practical remedy for their condition
lies in making a fair proportion of the laborers
themselves landholders; and it, then proceeds
to ask that Congress will take measures to divide
land inceitaiu portions among the colored
people in the States where land still exists
belonging to the national Government; and it
sets forth that, according to the report of the
General Land Office, there are in Alabama
more than six million acres, in Arkansas more
than eleven millions, in Florida more than
seventeen millions, in Louisiana more than six
millions, and in Mississippi more than four
millions, making a total of more than forty-
six million acres which may be used in this
way; and it further asks the enactment of a
law authorizing the President to appoint a
land commission, to consist of suitable per-
sons, whose duty it shall be to purchase lands
in those southern States in which there are
no public lands.
It will thus be seen that this memorial con-
templates a distribution of publiclands belong-
ingto the United States among colored people,
and further a purchase in other States where
public lands do not lie of -other lands to be used
in the same way. Considering the importance
of this memorial and the body from which it
proceeds, which tha Senate will remember was
in session here, I think, during a week, I ven-
ture to ask in presenting this petition that it
be printed, and referred to, the Committee on
Public Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Is there'objection to its printing? The Chair
hears none, and the printing is ordered.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of W. A. "Wheeler be
taken from thefiles of the Senate andreferredto the
Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William Roach be
taken from the flies of the Senate and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
reports 01' committees.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 291) to encourageand promote the
International Industrial Exhibition to beheld in
Washington city in theyear 1871, liavediree*ed
me to report it back with sundry amendments,
and to ask that it be put upon its passage. I
desire to say that the bill as reported by the
committee embraces very little else than an act
of incorporation and prescribing the duties of
the corporators. The appropriation is stricken
out, and there is nothing in it. but an act of
incorporation with its prescribed duties. It is
very desirable that the corporators shall organ-
ize at an early day, and they are very desirous
to obtain so much power as the bill will give
them. I hope, therefore, that the Senate will
allow the bill to be taken up. If it begets any
opposition I shall not press it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported by the Secretary in full, after which
the Chair will ask for objections if there be
any.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. By direction of the com-
mittee I move to strike out the sixteenth sec-
tion of the bill, which is the last one, which
asks for an appropriation.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT._ Is there objec-
tion to the immediate consideration of this
bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it had better go
over until to-morrow.
Mr. SCHURZ. I object.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well. Will it be printed?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be printed
with the amendments, being the report of a
committee.
Mr. SUMNER. If I can have the attention
of the chairman for one moment 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by the objection of the Senator from
Vermont and the Senator from Missouri the
bill has passed from the consideration of the
Senate to-day. The Senator from Massachu
setts asks consent to speak in regard to it. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have the
attention of the chairman of the Committee on
the District of Columbia in regard to this bill.
I have the honor of being a member of the
committee from which it comes; but, as the
Senator is aware, owing to engagements else-
where I had not the advantage of being present
when it was considered by the committee.
There is one point to which I wish to call atten-
tion, and I take advantage of this first moment
to do it. I observe that the year for this exhi-
bition is 1871. I was going to ask the chairman
whether he was aware i hat at this very moment
the British Government is engaged in arrange-
ments for a similar exhibition in London? For
instance, I have this morning received from
the Department of State an official letter cov-
ering a correspondence with the British min-
ister inviting our Government to participate in
its exhibition at London in 1871. Now, I think
the Senate will see that it would be pretty diffi-
cult for two considerable exhibitions of that
character to go on at the same time, one on
one side of the ocean and the other on the
other.
It seems to me, therefore, the British Gov-
ernment must give way or we must give way
in this present plan.. Soferas I understood
the British proposition, reading it as I did
rather hastily this morning in manuscript, it
seemed to me to cover substantially the ground
of this bill. It proposes an exhibition where
there should be illustrations of all the arts, and
our country is invited to contribute to it and to
be present by a commissioner.
I merely wished to make this explanation
now right on the threshold because it seemed
to me it would require consideration, that pos-
sibly it might be better to change the bill or to
postpone it until we could ascertain positively
the purpose of the British Government to pro-
ceed with their exhibition.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was not apprised of the
movement of the British Government at this
time in relation to an international exhibition.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say to the Senator
that I was not aware of it myself till this very
morning. It is this day that I received from
the Department of State an official communi-
cation upon the subject.
Mr. HAMLIN. I can see very readily that
it certainly would not be desirable that two
international exhibitions should be held in the
same year. When the bill shall be under con-
sideration that will be a matter for careful
examination. I believe, however, this bill as
now drawn provides for an exhibition in 1871,
or as soon thereafter as shall be convenient;
and the language of the bill as it stands may
meet all the exigencies of the occasion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will take
its place on the Calendar.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In accord-
ance with prior notice, I now ask leave to call
up House joint resolution No. 72, and I will
state 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the morning-hour business has not
yet been concluded.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I ask
unanimous consent.
The^ VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from V ermontasks unanimous consent to call up
the joint resolution which he has mentioned.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to make a report.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
call up House resolution No. 72, and I will
state before the question is put to the Senate
that I understand the Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Bkownlow] has a personal explanation
to make, to which I shall, of course, yield;
and also that the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Carpenter] is prepared to go on and address
the Senate now upon another subject, and I
shall be willing to have this resolution post-
poned informally to give him an opportunity
to make that speech. I desire to call up the
resolution now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Morning-hour
business-not having been concluded, the Sen-
ator from Vermont asks unanimous consent that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
House joint resolution in regard to the eight-
hour law.
