1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
433
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Sivann.
Ho. of Reps.
the negro by a specics of class legislation it
would be difficult to say what is.
But there are other features of this bill not
less obnoxious and revolting. It ignores all
State jurisdiction over offenses arising under
it, and transfers the same to the district courts
of the United States; and concurrently with
the circuit courts of the United States, gives
them cognizance of all causes, civil or criminal,
except as otherwise provided. It cannot be
claimed that these Federal tribunals would exer-
cise these powers with any more impartiality
than the States have done in the past; on the
contrary, we know the intensely partisan charac-
ter of some of these judges, and how likely the
marshals and other subordinates indicated by
this bill would be to reflect the prejudices and
feelings of the appointing power, to whom they
would be directly responsible.
Section ten provides—
That the district attorneys, marshals, and deputy
marshals of the United States, the commissioners
appointed by thecircuit and territorial courts of the
Ijtilted States with power?of arresting, imprisoning
or bailing offenders against the laws of the United
States, and every other officer who may ho specially
empowered by the President of the United States,
shall be, and they are hereby, specially authorized
and required, at the expense of thcUnited States, to
institute proceedings against all and every person
who shall violate the provisions of this act, and cause
him or them to be arrested and imprisoned orbailed,
its the ease may be, for trial before the court of the
United States or territorial court as has cognizance
of the offense; and with a view to aflord reasonable
protection to all persons in their constitutional right
to vote, without distinction of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude, and to the prompt dis-
charge of the duties of this act, it shall bo the duty
of the circuit courts of the United States and the
superior courts of the Territories of the United States,
from time to time, to increase the number of commis-
sioners, so as to afford a speedy and convenient
means for the arrest p.nd examination of persons
charged with the violation of this act.
Does the colored man desire any more pro-
tection than this? When was it that the white
man was so tenderly cared for by this generous
and sympathizing party? Hero is unlimited
power conferred upon officers to oppress and
degrade the people. The President of the
United States is invested with the same abso-
lute power to make himself prominent and
useful in this war upon the States, and in this
effort to secure the negro vote to the Repub-
lican party and extend the lease of its power
with his own. When I look at the usurpations,
the irregularities, and the intense partisan
character of this bill, with its army of com-
missioners, prosecutors, and agents, and the
public Treasury, without restriction, backing
up all, I cannot but realize, however reluct-
antly, the extremities to which we have drifted
in the hands of those who now hold power.
Is there no limit to this system of outrage and
demoralization? Are we here in the nineteenth
century to revive in the provisions of this bill
the horrors of the Venetian republic, with
eager ears t,o catch from pimps and informers
the vile whisperings of constructive guilt, and
to hold in terror the honest impulses of an
oppressed and insulted people?
To show the importance attached to this bill
of pains and penalties, and the consequences
expected to result from the rigor of its exac-
tions, I refer to the thirteenth section, making
it ''lawful for the President of the United
States to employ such part of the land and
naval forces of the United States or of the
militia as shall be necessary to aid in the execu-
tion of judicial process issued under this act."
But 1 turn in disgust from a further view of
the outrages proposed by this bill.
My honorable friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] consoles himself with the idea that the
clause in the constitution of Massachusetts,
"that no person shall have the right to vote
or be eligible to any office under the constitu-
tion of this Commonwealth who shall not be
able to read the constitution in the English
language and write his name," may afford par-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 28.
tial relief in certain States having Democratic
majorities. But does he not know that Mas-
sachusetts may do what Kentucky or any other
Democratic State may not do; and that the
same disregard of constitutional guarantees
which marks every feature of this bill may
reappear in another constitutional amendment,
putting an extinguisher upon this and every
other mode of relief which may interfere with
the object proposed to be accomplished.
But, Mr. Speaker, however alarming the
features of intimidation and penal inflictions
embodied in this act, the people of my State
will not shrink from the exercise of their
rights as legal voters and American citizens
entitled to the protection of the laws. They
will do their duty to themselves and their
country in exercising the highest privilege of
freemen, regardless of any consequences which
this bill may impose. They will go to the polls
in the face of your penalties and your threats
of imprisonment. The responsibility of any
outrage which they proyoke will rest with the
Radical party and not with them. You may
marshal your negroes and throw around them
all the muniments of political power which
your bill proposes, but you will not abate one
iota of their pride in the great Anglo-Saxon
race, or in the maintenance of the Government
which they have established in the interest of
the white man, and which they will defend at
every sacrifice in the exercise of their consti-
tutional functions.
Mr. Speaker, every provision of this bill has
its significance. I do not mean to do injustice
to the source from whence it originated. The
measure was carried in all its deformity with-
out a breach in the Republican ranks, by a
strict party vote, for which they, and they
alone, are to be held responsible. It was the
inauguration of a new element of political
power which was to play its part, either for
good or evil, in the future politics of the coun-
try. It was the offspring of gross, palpable,
and defiant usurpation, without a redeem-
ing trait to commend it to popular favor.
Whether it is destined to triumph, whether it
will inure to the benefit of the colored race or
the continued success of Radical rule, is not a
question of doubt with me. I have an assured
conviction that it will end in the speedy de-
struction of both. Congress, with all its com-
manding influeuce and power, cannot accom-
plish impossibilities, and the triumph of the
negro over the Anglo-Saxon race is an impos-
sibility. The laws of nature forbid it, and
moderate men of all parties will turn with dis-
gust from the unjust discriminations which
have been introduced into this bill.
I am no enemy of the colored man. In
times past, before and since his emancipation,
I have been his friend. I have shown it by the
material aid which I have extended to him,
and my liberation before the war of a larger
number of this race than have ever received
the promised benefits this Radical programme
has held out to them. Believing in the fitness
of things and his marked individuality, I have
consulted the teachings of history in solving
the problem of his future destiny. His success
is not with the white man, nor is amalgama-
tion a remedy for the barriers which rise be-
tween us and must always keep him separate
and distinct. Equality is the result of natural
affinities. The two races may coexist, but the
negro will never be permitted to occupy rela-
tions of perfect equality. Impressed with these
views, I have opposed his participation in the
governmental control of this country. With
his rights of citizenship, of person and property,
I have supposed the measure of his claim upon
our justice and humanity to be fully liquidated.
If this Government was founded in the interest
of the white man, it is for the white man to say
whether he will share it with the African race.
_ With the legislation of the past I have no
right to interfere, nor have I the desire if the
right existed. It is an experiment which time
only can determine. I believe it will fail, and
the very bill which I am now discussing, if
persevered in, will make that failure signal
and complete. So believing, I have raised my
voice against the employment of force to ac-
complish impossibilities. The present status
of the negro race is not by any means flattering
to the advocates of equality and amalgamation.
Look at them as they appear in idleness in
the thoroughfares of this Federal city, as they
stand in groups around political club-houses,
tippling-shops, places of amusement, or insti-
tutions where alms are distributed to the poor
and helpless. You may trace it all to the
political rights which you have conferred upon
them.
Inmy own State, sir, in every State where sla-
very has existed, the same demoralization pre-
vails. They are enticed from their labor by
political trickstersand jugglers, who court them
for the ballot which you have placed in their
hands. They become unfitted for any useful
occupation. They are the victims of fraud and
deception and villainy, and their ruin is the
inevitable consequence of the base uses to which
they are subjected. They have not advanced
a single step as a people in the qualifications
and duties of citizenship. L consider their con-
dition as vastly more to be pitied now than
before they were invested with these political
rights and privileges, when they earned their
independence by honest labor and stood aloof
from the temptations to which they are exposed
in the lead and under the guardianship of
irresponsible and designing men. Notthe less,
however, do 1 rejoice in their full aud complete
emancipation, as due alike to humanity, the
spirit of the age, and the character of our free
institutions.
There is no honest purpose or intention, so
far as I can gather, on the part of any class of
our white citizens to recognize, for the present
at least, the equality of the negro race. Prom
the Radical party it has received no adequate
encouragement to place it even among the
probabilities of the future. Their professions,
however earnest, have worked no such result,
nor can we expect from any more favorable
indications that that time will ever come.
There is not an instance among the most
advanced and ultra of these progressionists
where social freedom has been accorded to the
colored man. .Nor does this restriction pro-
ceed from a lack of refinement and educa-
tion. He is excluded from their domestic
circles, and hardly a day passes that you do
not see men standing in the first rank of the
so-called negro worshipers giving unmistak-
able evidence of that want of sympathy and
alienation which no human effort can control,
and which was long ago foreshadowed, not-
withstanding the protestations of radical men
to the contrary. These are truths which admit
of no argument, and of which every man may
speak of his own personal knowledge.
When the passage of the fifteenth amend-
ment was celebrated in my State a few days
ago the truth of my remarks was everywhere
apparent. It was a spectacle, Mr. Speaker, at
once ludicrous and not to be forgotten in the
lesson which it promulgated of the measure of
faith which attaches to the Radical party in
their professions of devotion to the colored
race. Men well known in the city of Baltimore,
who aspired to high social position, found
themselves, for the first time it may be, in lov-
ing contact, side by side, with their brethren
of African descent, and their cheeks tingled
with shame when, conscious of the motive which
prompted many of them to stifle the higher im-
pulses of their nature, they found themselves
shrinking from the public gaze, or banging
