2392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
be Republican, or Democratic or Conservative,
or anything else; one thing we should all seek
for, and we have a right to seek for it, and that
is that in reconstructing this State, in closing
the work, we shall strive so to do it as to enable
the (Government we put in force there to have
vitality, and to have the opportunity and the
time to enact proper legislation for protection.
In view of what has been lost in time, in view
of all the circumstances of the ca6e, it is clear
to any one that the few months between now
and November next do riot give time to make
the necessary legislation, to appoint the proper
officers, and to have those officers in a position
to protect the people, to preserve law and
order for all men of all opinions and all races.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I rise
for a single purpose, and that is to give to the
Senate some evidence in opposition to the
theory that the people of Georgia are suffering
or have been suffering the enormous evils and
experiencing the great outrages which it has
been stated in the public press and stated on
this floor they lmve suffered and experienced.
I read from a letter signed l'N. L. Angier,
treasurer of Georgia." This is a letter having
a great deal to say about the present (Jovernor
of Georgia. I shall not read any portion of it
except that which lias relevancy to the ques-
tion now before the Senate. The letter is dated
'•Atlanta, Georgia, December 1-1, 18G0," and
is addressed to "Hon. James 1!. Buck, mem-
ber of Congress, Washington, 1). 0." It is a
review of the action of the present Governor
of Georgia, but it also treats of the question
whether there have been experienced in that
State those outrages which the Senator fro in
Massachusetts supposes to have existed, and
which the public press assert, to have existed
and to exist there now. This gentleman says:
" \Yhilo ho [tho Governor] gets up sensational tele-
grams, and howls of outrages committed on Union
men and colored citizens, ho neglects to mention tho
many rapes committed by negroes on unoffending,
defenseless, innocent girls and women. Asyouhavo
Keen in my reports-, 1 was a Union man, opposed
secession strenuously and publicly, my office being
headquarters ot the Union association here ; left tho
^outh with all my family in 1863: lived near lJoston
until the closc of tho war: returned ,Soutli in 18(35;
supported the congressional measures of reconstruc-
tion ; voted tor and publicly supported General Grant
tor PrcMdeiit and Ihilloek for Governor: have always
been classed a-* a 'Radical' by the Democrats; have
been m nearly every southern Wtato since the war,
withholding my political opinions on no occasion ;
known to bo a northern man bv birth ;md residence
until X was twenty-four years old, yet I have never
been treated with tho least .severity and almost uni-
formly with kindness.
"Publicsentiment will set itself,igainst and correct
what few political outrages there may have been—
though I have seen none/—mueh s'ooner under hill
reconstruction than military rulo under the direc-
tion ot Bullock, who shows his great inconsistency
and want_ of gincei ity by crying outrages while ho
has exercised tho pardoning power until courts and
jurors have but little to encourage thorn in tho pros-
ecution of crime."
Thatis about the substance of what he writes
i-.i reference to the particular question now be-
fore the Senate as to the infliction of outrages
on the people ol'Georgia.
This gentleman, who is the State treasurer
ofGeorgia, a Republican, a Radical, ashehim-
seif says, who supported General Grant, who
supported the present Governor of the State of
Georgia, declares over his own signature that
these telegrams of outrages have, been got up
for a purpose, and that he, living there, has
neverseen atiy of these outrages. Now, I sub-
rait that this is not, an authority coming from
a member of the Knklux Klati, from a seces-
sionist, from a native-born southern man, from
a native born Georgian, but from a man born
in the North, raised in the North, leaving the
South in 1803, returning, being either elected
or appointed as a Radical Republican State
treasurer of that State ; aud he is a high officer
in that Statu having his office at the Union
headquarters, certainly honored by their con
fidence, and he declares in effect to you that
lie has seen and knows of none of these out-
rages.
Mr. President, while I do not pretend to
offer any evidence coming from sources which
gentlemen on this floor of the opposite party-
would not be expected to credit, when I offer
the testimony of a man high in their own con-
fidence, whose political fidelity to the Repub-
lican party cannot be questioned, who states
who ho is, where born, where raised, how he
has been associated with you, and gives yon
full opportunity to judge whether the informa-
tion which he imparts is correct or not, I say
that such testimony as that outweighs tenfold,
a hundredfold, the newspaper accounts of the
bloody operations of any secret society which
may or may not exist in the South. It was for
that purpose that I rose to call the attention
of the Senator from Massachusetts to the state-
ment of this gentleman, a member of his own
party, in contradiction to these reports.
Now, Mr. President, do we not all know when
an object is to be subserved, when a purpose is
to be accomplished by a very few men through
tho agency and action of Congress, how ex-
ceedingly easy it is for them to get up telegrams
and false reports of outrages and wrongdoings
in the section in which they live? Do wo not
know during tho existence of the bloody war
through which we have so recently passed how
outrages in certain locations were said to exist,
how your papers wore filled with accounts of
outrages perpetrated in States which never
attempted to dissolve their relations with the
Federal Government? I recollect that on one
occasion, after leaders of the party to which'
the Senator from Massachusetts belongs hod
made their efforts in the city of Washington,
by appeal to the President and the Secretary
of War to get military sent into the State of
Delaware to influence the election, but could
not succeed, a few nights before the election
one of their own party struck a Democrat with
a pole on which there was a flag, and ho pulled
the Hag off the pole, not for the purpose of
injuring the flag but for tho purpose of protect-
ing himself; and immediately that flag was
taken up, it was torn to tatters, carried to the
capital of my native State, brought to Wash-
ington, and General Wool with an army was
sent to the county in which I live to put down,
not exactly the Knklux, but to put down these
bloody copperheads who had trampled upon
the American flag, and who would not let the
Republicans vote if they had not military to
protect them at the election !
That was paraded in the newspapers of tho
day, and 1 have no doubt there were many hon-
est, well-meaning Republicans who really be-
lieved it. Yet, sir, the circumstance occurred
iti thetowuiu which Hive. There was not a word
of truth in it any further than that while awagon
was passing along a man having a pole in his
hand audanotherstanding off on the sidewalk,
lie struck liimon the head with his pole, andlie
snapped the flag off trying to get the polo and
would have liked very much to have got hold
of tho man. And yet the Republican papers
of my State and tho Republican papers in
many portions of the country were filled with
alarming accounts, and if my friend from
Maine [Mr. Monntu/J were here ho would say
that the State of Delaware was in rebellion,
and it was necessary to send troops there to
preserve order 1
I only cite this as an illustration of theease
and facility with which such reports may be
originated when apurpose and an object aro to
be subserved. In the case to which I allude
the purpose was simply to get military to the
polls to keep the Democrats from voting. They
failed till within a few days of the election,
and then in order to get them they manufac-
tured the tale of the Democrats having risen
up in rebellion in the town in which I live,
having torn down the American flag and torn
it to tatters. They brought it hero to Wash-
ington and got troops sent, and by that means
got a mail elected Governor of the State of
Delaware whom the people did not want, and
whom the Almighty in His providence did not
let govern the people long.
I have said all, Mr. President, that I pro-
pose to say. I simply rose to offer this evi>
dence to the Senator from Massachusetts and
the Senate in reference to the character of
these reports which have been made in refer-
ence to the operations of these bloody Kuklttx
in Georgia !
Mr. HOWARD, Mr. President, I hope we
shall come to a conclusion as soon as practica-
ble upon this interesting and rather' agitating
subject; and I really hope that before the sun
shall set to-day we shall have voted definitely
upon the question of admitting Georgia.
I confess that I am rather pleased with the
amendment offered by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, and in a certain contin-
gency I think I shall vote for it; but first we
ought, I think, to settle the question whether
we will retain what is called the Bingham
amendment or not. Whoever reads the bill
carefully will see that one effect of that amend-
ment will be inevitably to place the affairs* of
Georgia in the hands of the late rebels of that
State, who, under the provisions of the bill
having all the effective powers of the State in
their hands, will be able to run riot over the
Union party, white and black, in that State.
The amendment declares in its last clause
" that said election"—that is, of the Legisla-
ture—" shall be held in the year 1870; either
on the day named in the constitution of said
State or on such other day as the present Legis-
lature shall designate by law." It is manda-
tory; it requires an election to be held next
fall in the State of Georgia, and of course it
requires that the term of office of the present
members of the Legislature of that State shall
cease. That term will cease, according to this
construction of their constitution, at the end of
tho election which is required to take place
in next November; after which time, if the
amendment shall be adopted as part of the law,
the recent rebels in that State will have every- "
thing their own way there; Union men will be
exposed to all the injustice, all the persecu-
tion, all the oppressions which the then dom-
inant party in the State will find practicable. Is
this state of things desirable? Can wo afford
to permit the State of Georgia to pass into tho
absolute control of such a party as that, influ-
enced, urged on by motives of revenge against
tho Union party? Sir, I think not. I think
the peace of the country and the interests of
the people of Georgia require that somebody
should intervene to prevent a result so painful
to contemplate.
Mr. TUIJRMAN. Will my friend from
Michigan allow me to put a question to him?
Mr. HOWARD, Certainly.
Mr. TIIURMAN. Will the Senator from
Michigan admit that a majority of the electors
in tho State of Georgia are opposed to the Rad-
ical party? Is that what he means to assert?
Mr. HOWARD. I mean to say that accord-
ing to tho best information which I have re-
ceived—information which is equally open to
the honorable Senator from Ohio—I am satis-
fied that a majority of the voters of Georgia are
not, only opposed to what lie calls the Radical
party there, but that they are opposed to the
G overnment of the United States; that they are
hostile to the existeuce of the Government
under which the honorable Senator and myself
now serve in this Chamber.
Mr. TIIURMAN. Does the Senator from
Michigan then propose to reject the nrovision
of the constitution of Georgia that makes them
voters ?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; I do not propose
to reject any such thing. I propose to have
the government of Georgia in the lianas of a
loyal majority, and not in the hands of a dis-
loyal traitor majority.
Mr. THURMAN. Then, if I understand
the logic of my friend it is this: the consti-
tution of Georgia gives to a body of men who
are a majority in that State the right to vote;
those men are opposed, as my friend says,
even to the Government of the United States:
tny friend is not willing that they shall hava
