4280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
the court. If be happens to make a mistake
in the $ay, if he is one day too late, he cannot
vote at the next election, bat must wait for half
a year longer.
But I will suppose that he has spent one day
or more, and perhaps has paid somebody for
writing this noticer and has succeeded in put-
ting it in before the court in time. What next?
I will now describe how this bill will operate
in my city; and my remarks will apply to
nearly every other city where there are united
States courts, for in all such cities the juris-
diction is' taken out of the State courts. After
having put in his notice, the applicant then
waits until the United States district court
meets, and he must attend the court from the
first day of the term, in order to find out to
what register in bankruptcy his case is to be
referred. For, be it remembered, that under
this bill the courts of the United States are not
going to do this business themselves, but will
refer it to registers in bankruptcy. The appli-
cant must attend the court to find out to what
register in bankruptcy his case is to he referred.
That is another day lost; perhaps two, perhaps
three days. Then when the court finds leisure
to take up his application and refer to Mr. So-
and-so, register in bankruptcy, the applicant
must get his witnesses to dance attendance
upon that register in bankruptcy and wait for
his turn to come. And in the large cities where
there ate numerous applications for natural-
ization, all at just about the same time, the
chanccs are that one will have to wait two,
three, orfourdays for his turn before the regis-
ter. Assuming that he has successfully kept
his witnesses together arid has successfully
jnade out his case before the register in bank-
ruptcy, what then? Does he get his certificate?
By no means. The register in bankruptcy will
refer him back to the court, for the reason that
the register under this bill, and indeed under
the Constitution of the United States, cannot
give a judgment. Ho will simply take the evi-
dence in writing and refer the applicant back
to the court. The man applying for naturaliza-
tion is then just where lie started from ; he is
dancing attendance upon the court again.
Now, it may be the judge will have time to
look over his case very soon thereafter; but it
maybe that he will not have time for weeks or
a month, because our United States courts in
St.-Louis at leagt are overcrowded with busi-
ness, ftnd will b&ve very little leisure to bestow
npon naturalisation. But, assuming that the
judge will have time to take up the case im-
mediately, the applicant will have to spend
one, two, or three more days attending court
to receive his judgment, and then he will go
to the clerk and get his certificate. That is
the machinery a man will have to go through
in getting naturalized in the city of St. Louis,
and eveiy other city and town where there is a
United States district court in session.
.Now, when you consider, Mr. Speaker, that
most of the foreigners that settle in this country
Mid apply for naturalization are workiugmeu,
and generally men of small means, you will see
that a law which has a tendency to force them
to lose perhaps a week, perhaps two weeks,
from their d'aiiy labor is calculated to disgust
them with the whole proceeding of naturaliza-
tion, and to keep them from making the attempt
to become citizeus. I know that such will be
the effect.
In the country, where there are no United
States courts, there is also in the bill some
restriction as to the courts having jurisdiction
of this matter. As the law now stands, every
court of record has jurisdiction; but according
to this bill naturalization is confined to civil
courts of the general jurisdiction. As to the
notice, the inconvenience of it will applyinthe
country districts as well as in the cities. The
other objections operate with greater force in
the cities.
Another section of the bill refers lo the sol-
diers of the United States. Ever since the
commencement of the late war we have had a
statute allowing a man who has lived one year
in the country, and who has been honorably
discharged from the military service of the
United States, to become naturalized without
any other proof. This bill makes a change in
that respect. It specifies that only soldiers
who have been discharged for certain reasons
shall receive theirnaturalization papers. These
reasons are specified. The time, also, with ref-
erence to soldiers is extended by the addition,
of half a year. This is another objection which
I have to the bill. It provides—
That any alien of the age of twenty-one years and
upwards, who has enlisted in the armed forces or
naval service of tho United States, and shall bo or
shall havo been honorably discharged therefrom, by
reason of wounds or injuries received in such service,
or sickness or other disability contracted therein, or
by expiration of his term of service, may be admitted
to become a citizen of tho United States upon one
year's actual residence therein.
It may strike many that this will cover all
cases ; but it is by no means true. Thousands
of soldiers are discharged before the expiration
of their regular term of service, as was the
case at the close of the war. Their discharge
reads thus: "Discharged under general order
No. —." The discharge does not say that it
is by reason of the expiration of the term of
service. Now, a soldier who has such a dis-
charge as that, who has served the country
faithfully, and who has been discharged hon-
orably for no other reason than that the coun-
try does not need his services any longer, can-
not, if he applies for naturalization, get his
papers, because lie does not come under any
of the specifications iu this hill. He must
get up his proof like a civilian and wait for
the same period of time. Besides, the time is
extended six months longer as lo all soldiers.
There is another objection to this bill to which
I wish to call tho special attention of members
from the western and southern States. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Davis] has
told us that this relieves tho applicant from
the necessity of making the declaration of his
intention to become a citizen. If this is so, it
will most seriously conflict with the constitu-
tions of eleven States of this Union. The con-
stitutions of Missouri, Alabama, Arkansas,
Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Kansas, Michigan,
Minnesota, Nebraska, and Wisconsin provide
that a man shall be admitted to vote when he
has simply declared bis intention to become a
citizen.
Mr. DAVIS rose.
Mr. FINKKLNBITRG. I anticipate what
the gentleman is going to say. I anticipate
he will say that at the end of this bill there is a
section allowing declarations of intention to
bo made.
Mr. DAVIS. Declarations of intentions are
preserved by the fourteenth section, it being
the intention of the committee not to affect the
rights which States have conferred on aliens
before naturalization. If there be doubt I
propose to clear it by an amendment which I
have prepared, and which at the proper time
1 shall offer.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I am speaking of
this bill as it is. The gentleman would not
allow any amendment to be otfered to it. This
bill does away with the declaration or it does
not. The gentleman has claimed credit that
it does away with the necessity of declaring
intention.
Mr. DAVIS. I stated that the committee
understood this section, and I understand it
now, as not conflicting with the rights which
States have conferred on aliens before natural-
ization; but for the purpose of removing all
doubt 1 shall offer an amendment which I have
prepared.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. No amendment of
that section will remedy the trouble, and I will
show you why. If you allow the declaration
to be made, and do not make it necessary in
order to obtain naturalization, the natural re-
sult will be that no foreigner will make that
declaration of intention. The trouble will be
when they come to the polls in the eleven
States to which I have referred they will think
they are entitled to vote; but the election olB-
eers will tell them, "You have not declared your
intention to become citizens of the United
States." They will say it is not necessary to
declare their intention. They will then be
told thot it is not necessary so far as the Uni-
ted States are concerned, but that the State
constitution makes it necessary for our States.
Then we will have this beautiful condition of
things: men will have to be naturalized doubly;
they will have to get naturalization papers to
become citizens of the United States, and
they will have to go to court in addition to the
troubles I have recounted and get a kind of a
naturalization paper in order to vote in their
own States. Out of that dilemma the gentle-
man cannot escape. We of the eleven States
referred to will have to amend our constitu-
tions if we want to avoid continual confusion
and misunderstanding.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this subject brings me
light to another point. I mean to say this bill
is entirely futile. It entirely fails to accom-
plish the object which the gentleman desires
to accomplish in this act. The right of voting
in this country does by no means depend on
citizenship. In the eleven States I have named
we allow every man to vote, regardless of hia
being a citizen of the United States. Whether
he has naturalization papers, genuine or other-
wise, is a matter of indifference to us ; because
we allow him to vote, provided he has been in
the States six months or a year, as the ease
may be. under the constitution of the State
where he may reside. Such being the fact,
how can you prevent election frauds by a nat-
uralization bill? Why", sir, if you pass this
bill the State of New York may at any moment
adopt a similar provision. We cannot prevent
that except by an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Mr. WARD. Our constitution provides for
that.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The ruling power
of your State, and the same power of which
you complain to-day, may change the consti-
tution of the State. The same fundamental
fact remains in spite of what has been said.
You cannot successfully accomplish by any
legislation on this floor what is proposed. H
is beyond your control. It is not citizenship
which makes votes, but your State laws and
your State constitutions.
Now, as to the object itself, as purifying the
elections in New York or in any other State,
I say that I do fully sympathize with gentle-
men. 1 will cooperate toward the passage of
any law which 1 do not consider burdensome
to immigrants from foreign lands. I will gladly
cooperate with the gentleman from New York
to purify the ballot-box. A former Congress
appointed a committee consisting of eminent
gentlemen, presided over by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence ] They examined
the subject, and reported a bill to this House
which 1 stand ready to support. It provides
proper regulations underwlnch naturalizations
shall be conducted in the courts. It provides
pains and penalties in case of any officer, he
he high or low, who shall fail to comply with
those regulations. It proposes to punish'the
J guilty, and not, as this bill does, to punish the
[ innocent.
I I will ask the Clerk to read an extract from
j Judge Lawrence's repoit bearing on the ques-
l (ion of taking jurisdiction away from the State
1 courts.
[ The Clerk read as follows:
"One of the remedial measures which has been
suserested is, to withdraw the business of naturaliza-
I tion from the State courts.
"13uuhisis notdeetiiedudvisable. Unlessnational
eourtsaresubrftituted equnllyaccessibieto.ipphOcints
tbe_ facilities lor naturah/.it nm would be ^rreatiy
abiidged or rendeied inconvenient, and attended
with unnecessaiy expense.
"It has been proposed to confer .jurisdiction of
naturalization on registers m bankruptcy, and require
them.to hold terms lor business in every county, to
be paid by fees, and without compensation from tho
Government.
