434
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 27,
Ho. op Reps.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Swann.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
their heads in deep mortification as they passed
in review before their admiring friends. There
they sat in that piebald procession, with the
ballot by the side of them, and the ballot all
around them, and the paleness of death upon
their haggard and anxiousfaces,whicha ghastly
smile would sometimes fail to enliven. It was
the degrading penalty of negro support and
negro worship. It was the profession of a sym-
pathy which they did not feel, and of a princi-
ple which they knew to be impracticable and
never hoped to realize.
Mr. Speaker. I have no complaint to make
of the colored race since their emancipation in
my State. When left to their honest convic-
tions they have acted with becoming modesty,
prudence, and discretion. Whatever errors
they may have committed are due to designing
politicians, adventurers, and greedy aspirants
for office, and just such men, with some hon-
orable exceptions, as usurped the high places
in the celebration to which I have referred. In
characterizing these men as they deserve, in
warning the colored race of the snare that is
laid for them, I mean no disparagement of the
object of that celebration or its appropriateness
as afittingreeognition of their iate enfranchise-
ment. Between the colored man and his heart-
less manipulators my faith is in the colored man.
The future will prove whether or not these
views are entitled to weight.
And now, Mr. Speaker, we are called upon
to witness a/further humiliation in a law of
Congress to play its part in this game of decep-
tion, in which the poor negro is the victim.
In this law you force him at once, as I have
before stated, into unkind relations with those
whohave been and are to-day his best friends.
You attempt to elevate him and strengthen
his hands by unjust discriminations against the
white man. You throw down the gauntlet of
a war of races, and you arm the negro for the
mutual conflict. All this you have done by
jour intemperate, ill-timed, and revolutionary
legislation. I have tried to avoid just such an
issue; but permit me to say, deprecating it as
I do, in the interest of the colored race, m the
interest of enlightened statesmanship, in the
interest of progressive humanity, I will not
shrink from the diseliargo of the duty which
attaches to every man on this side of the
House. In discriminating against your own
race, as you have done in this law, you arouse
the sensibilities of the whole American people.
Itis not for me to answer for the consequences.
But if you persevere in your attempt to drive
1.1m negro into unbroken phalanx and to throw
this new element of power into the polities
of the country, you will iind those who will
promptly raise the banner of a white man's
Government, and call upon white men of every
political denomination to rally to the support
of the Democratic parly in tins great measure
of safety. Under that banner I shall plant
myself, should the contingency arise; and I
have reason to believe that my State, true to
her traditionary record, will stand with mo in
such a contest.
But I appeal to the colored race, whose wel-
fare 1 most earnestly desire, to hold themselves
aloof from this war of raeeB and the complica-
tions of this nefarious bill. In the name of the
freedom which they now enjoy,in the name of the
privileges which have beenaccordedtothem, in
the name of a harmonious and tranquil future,
I appeal to them, in a spirit of kindness and
friendly admonition, to turn away from the
teachings of designing men and avert the ruin
which is impending over them.
Mr. Speaker, the people are already aroused
to the importance of the prominent issue in-
volved in this actiou of Congress, and this feel-
ing, I rejoice to say, is not limited by party
lines. Why should it be? In some of the local
elections of my State, since the passage of the
fifteenth amendment, the Democratic majori-
ties have been increased by defections from the
Republican ranks. When the offensive dis-
criminations which have been made in this bill
against thewhiterace andin favor ofthenegro
come to be understood and calmly weighed,
these majorities will be largely increased. I
hold it to be certain that no white man, with
proper impulses ora becoming self-respect, can
join in a vindictive war upon his own race.
The provisions of this bill have forced an issue
which every white man will unite in repelling.
Considerations of race, blood, and sympathy
will sooner or later precipitate a united and
indignant public sentiment. I could invoke no
greater calamity upon the Radical party than
that which has been invited by the passage of
this bill.
Mr. Speaker, are these irritating issues never
to have an end? Are harmony and good feeling
never to be restored? General Grant says, "Let
us have peace.'' Is this the way the Radical party
propose to respond to the appeal of their great
captain ? Is peace to come from the provisions
of a bill like this ? From the close of the war
down to the present moment your mission has
been to distract and separate, rather than har-
monize and unite the people. Agitation has
followed agitation, until fraternal feeling has
been changed into crimination and hate. The
sections have been kept alienated from each
other by the bitter and unrelenting spirit which
has governed your councils. No kindly word
has been spoken by Radicals in Congress or
elsewhere to heal the wounds of a sensitive
people, and to restore that era of toleration
and good fellowship which existed in the past.
Why are some of the States now without rep-
resentation on this floor ? It is the same cause
and the same spirit which has encouraged and
kept alive these heart-burnings and dissen-
sions among the people, so damaging to the
best interests of the country, and which has
culminated in this last effort, under the pro-
visions of this law, to bring on a war of races
with its attendant evils. The Radical party
may flatter themselves with the prospect of
continued success; but they will never prolong
their lease of power by the unworthy means to
which I have referred.
It is a singular fact, Mr. Speaker, that with
all their pretended love and admiration for the
colored race the Radical party have done noth-
ing to elevate or better their condition. They
have used them for their votes, and that com-
prises the whole history of their past relation-
ship. They promised them equality, socially,
politically, and in every other attribute of cit-
izenship ; but how have they kept their prom-
ise? Have they stood foremost in this work,
by throwing open their arms to their embrace
and inviting them to the freedom of their
homes and the intercourse of their families?
Do you see them fraternizing anywhere? Is
there any commingling of races? No, sir; the
lines are as strictly drawn to-day as they were
before the edict of emancipation. Radical
equality is a myth and a cheat, and the
colored man knows it. The Republican party
are as much ashamed of their new allies as
our Radical friends in Baltimore, who dared
not refuse to associate with them a few days
since in the celebration of the fifteenth amend-
ment.
I want the colored race to understand the
character of the men upon whom they have
jilaced reliance, and the emptiness of the pro-
fessions by which they have been seduced and
misled. They have met with nothing but dis-
appointment and demoralization. Nor have
they been more fortunate in appropriating to
themselves the honors which they controlled
in States where the negro vote was predomin-
ant. Strangers from distant States, skilled
only in the arts of political jugglery and decep-
tion, have seized the offices which of right
belonged to them, under the Radical .system
which placed the ballot in their hands. A sol-
itary member in one of the branches of Con-
gress, for a brief space only, is all that they
have to show for the battles they have fought,
in the interest of the Radical party. Are these
the friends upon whom they are willing to pin
their faith in the future? Is the colored man
ignorant of all this?
But the crowning act of the vile deception
which has been practiced upon this unfortunate
race is this act to enforce the fifteenth amend-
ment. A deliberate bid for the negro vote, it
is the last appeal of a tottering party in its
agonies of despair. The negro must be
mustered to the front or all is lost. Ballots,
rather than the negro, are the need of the hour.
But what is the situation in which this law
places him ? Do Radical men think of that ?
Do they pause in their eagerness to save them-
selves? They begin by erecting the negro
into a privileged class—degrading the white
man, and arraying in deadly hate one race
against the other. If the Radical party suc-
ceed, well; but if they fail, as the chances
would seem to indicate, what becomes of the
poor negro, with the laws for his protection
repealed, his best friends alienated, and the
vengeance of an outraged people pursuing him
at every turn ? He will curse the day of his
regeneration, and turn, when it is too late,
from the false friends who, stripped of then-
power, will share with him his unhappy fate.
This, Mr. Speaker, is no exaggerated picture.
I desire to speak the language of soberness
and reason. In no party sense do I refer to
the past, or point with earnest admonition to
the perils of the future. I plead the cause of
the negro in his proper sphere, and denounce
with emphasis the selfish spirit which would
consign him to bitter and ceaseless persecu-
tion.
The problem of this race and their relations
with this Government are by no means set-
tled, assome have assumed. It is still an open
question, and none more difficult of solution.
This very bill upon which I have commented
with so much earnestness presents it in a new
phase. The deep-rooted prejudices of more
than half a century still remain to be dealt with
before his status is secured. Legislation may
make the colored man free, but itcannot estab-
lish his permanency as part of our political
organization ; that depends upon the will of the
people. His safety consists in his cheerful sub-
mission to the laws, and not his antagonism to
thewhiterace, who may terminate his relation-
ship in spite of coercive legislation. If he ia
wise he will leave to others the use of the ballot,
and seek in quiet industry the fruits ofhis labor.
By thus acting he will secure for himself the
sympathy of the whole country, and no class
wants it more than he does in the delicate posi-
tion which he occupies.
Mr. Speaker, there are in my State some
twenty-five or thirty thousand negro votes
which are claimed as the property of the Radi-
cal party. They may or may not be thrown
in that interest. Of this I do not pretend to
judge. I only rejoice that iu any event the
triumph of Democracy is assured. I have no
selfish object or expectation, therefore, in
addressing myself to this vote, or any similar
vote, by exposing the outrages of Radical legis-
lation, and their serious bearing upon the col-
ored race, of making converts to the views i
have presented. I know the difficulties ot
any such attempt when men are manacled and
under duress. I speak, therefore for a more,
enlarged sphere. The country has been humil-
iated by the passage of this bill, and I wish it
understood in all its obnoxious features. It
has subverted your Constitution and changed
the whole theory of your Government. This
