136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
Mr. HOWARD. .Before the vote is taken
on that question I wish to. make a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whpm was referred a joint
resolution (S. II. No. 71). in relation to lands
withdrawn for the TieneQt of the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. CATTELL. The Committee on the
Library beg leave to present the report of the
Librarian of Congress, showing^ the progress
of the Library during the year ending December
1,1869. I move that in addition to the ordin-
ary number of copies five hundred extra copies
be printed for the use of the Library.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be printed, and the motion to print extra copies
will be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred a memorial
of citizens of the State of Indiana, praying for
the establishment of a new judicial district in
that State, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
333) extending the jurisdiction of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office in cases of
applications for the cancellation of homestead
entries: which was read twico by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 334)
to provide for a building suited to the use of a
post office, the revenue officers, and the judi-
cial officers of the United States in the city of
Little Rock, Arkansas; which was read twice lay
its title, referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No
335) to remove political disabilities from cer-
tain persons; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOREMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill ('S.
No. 336) to provide for a building suitable for
a post office, for the accommodation of the
revenue officers, and for the United States
courts and their officers, in the city of Parkers-
burg, West Virginia; which was read twice by
its_ title, referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMILTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 78) relative to the estab-
lishment of a light-station on the Choptank
river, in Maryland ; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the joint
resolution, together with a communication
which I hold in my hand from the chairman of
the Light-House Board on the subject, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 79) to authorize the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue to offer and pay
i ewards for the detection of any person charged
with murdering or attempting to murder any
officer of the internal revenue service; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
LINCOLN MEMORIAL.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. Ii. No. 77) authorizing a distri-
bution of tlie copies remaining in the Depart-
ment of State of the " Tributes of this Nations
to Abraham Lincoln;" which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. ANTHONY. This joint resolution does
not call for any printing, but merely for the dis-
tribution of certain documents already printed.
I presume there will be no sort of objection to
it, and I should like to have it put on its pas-
sage now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to proceed to the consideration of
the joint resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. How is it proposed to
distribute them ?
Mr. ANTHONY. You will see when the
resolution is read.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution, which provides that the
copies of the Tributes of the Nations to Abra-
ham Lincoln now remaining undistributed and
in the possession of the Secretary of State shall
be distributed as follows: one copy to cach
Senator and member of the House of Repre-
sentatives who has not already received a copy,
and the remainder to be distributed by the Sec-
retary of State to the public libraries in the
United States and to such persons as in the
judgment of the Secretary shall seem proper.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to detain the Sen-
ate for less than five,minutes in explanation of
a very exaggerated and somewhat injurious
statement that has gone out in reference to this
publication. I offer the joint resolution at the
request of the State Department.
Much has been said of the publication of the
Lincoln Memorial volume, and very exagger-
ated statements have been made of its cost.
The history of this volume is this: theassassin-
ation of Lincoln aroused, not only throughout
the country, but throughout the world, one
universal shock of horror at the crime, one
universal burst of sympathy with the American
people. The death of no man in all history
had caused so general and immediate a sensa-
tion; for although there have been ciimes as
atrocious and deathsaslamentable, they had not
occurred since the wonderfjl means of mod-
ern communication had brought the whole civ-
ilized world into daily and hourly intercourse.
There was something creditable to human na-
ture, something suggestive of the universal
brotherhood of mankind, in the reception of
the news of that great event. From every
quarter of the globe, from all sorts and con-
ditions of men, from parliaments and con-
gresses and diets, from cities and municipali-
ties, from the associations of religion and sci-
ence and art and trade, from emperors and
kings, from princes and potentates, from rulers
of every rank, from private citizens of high
name and distinguished reputation down to
the humblest artisan in his workshop, to tl;e
humblest peasant in the field, arose the uni-
versal expression of condolence. Some of
these, not always from the highest sources,
were of the most touching character.
When the mails of the State Department
came loaded with these generous missives the
President was in the midst of the new duties
so suddenly thrown upon him; the Secretary
of State and the Assistant Secretary of State,
the heads of the Department through which the
Government communicates with foreign Pow-
ers and with foreign citizens, were lying between
life and death, struck down by the same mur-
derous conspiracy that robbed the nation of
its chief. And had they been in health and
able to attend to the duties of their office it
would have been impracticable to reply prop-
erly to this mass of extraordinary correspond-
ence. And there was another embarrassment
in the form of replies to be made to dignitaries
and public bodies so different in character, in
rank, and in all the circumstances of their
position. When Mr. Seward recovered suffi-
ciently to attend to business he addressed a
circular letter to all these Governments, per-
sonages, public bodies, and voluntary associa-
tions, acknowledging their tributes of sympathy
and expressing the grateful appreciation of the
Governmentand the people of theUnited States.
This was all the return that the circumstances
permitted for so much international good
feeling.
It occurred to Mr. Seward that it would be
a graceful thing, eminently proper and satis-
factory to the American people, that these let-
ters should be collected in a volume and a copy
of it sent to each Government, corporation,
and association, and public body that had
written one of them, and Congress seconded
the suggestion, and a joint resolution was
passed directing the publication of three thou-
sand copies. Thegreaternumber of them were
printed and bound in the usual style of the
public documents. A few of them designed for
foreign Governments and one copy for each
Senator and Representative of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress were printed on large paper and bound
in superior style. The whole cost of this pub-
lication was $18,179 54. It was the only return
that was made, the only one that seemed prac-
ticable to the generous and sympathizing mes-
sages that came to this afflicted nation from
every part of the world and from every rank
of society. And out of this has been manu-
factured a report of an expenditure which I
think I have seen put in some of the papers
as high as ยง>200,000, and even $500,000, and
noisy demagogues have held it up as an evi-
dence of the reek less extravagance of Congress.
I do not envy the feelings of the man who
regards this publication as a waste of the pub-
lic money.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CASSERLY submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be.
and he is hereby, directed to transmit to the Senate
copies of his recent orders restoring the lands in the
State of California previously withdrawn for the
uses of the Sou'iiem Pacific railroad, and of any
decision made by him therein, or a statement of his
reasons for such orders, together with a statement
of the area ofland affected by such orders or with-
drawal, showing the number of settlers located
thereon, together with any other information perti-
nent to the general object of this resolution.
PAY OF CUSTOMS OFFICERS.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to eonsidor the expediency of repealing the
laws relating to the distribution of fines, forfeitures,
and penalties incurred under the laws providing for
the collection of customs, and also for increasing the
salaries of collectors, surveyors, and naval officers
at the principal ports of the United States, and re-
port by lull or otherwise.
REFERENCE OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That so much of the President's annual
messago as relates to foreign relations be referred to
the Committee on .foreign Relations.
r.BCESS FOR CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the House
concurrent resolution in regard to a recess.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following concurrent
resolution of the House of Representatives:
Resolved, (the Sonato concurring,) That when the
two Houses adjourn on Wednesday, the 22d instant,
they adjourn to meet again on Wednesday, the 5th
day of January next, at twelve o'clock noon.
Mr. FENTON. I move to amend the reso-
lution so as to read "Monday, the 20th instant,"
instead of "Wednesday, the 22d instant."
Mr. SHERMAM. I supposed an amend-
ment would be offered to limit (he time, not to
extend the vacation. I trust; as tire House bas
