1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2893
control of affairs in Georgia; but he does not
propose to touch the constitution, but simply
to give the minority of the electors under that
constitution the rule and dominion over the
majority.
Air. HOWARD. No,sir, I do not propose
even that. What I propose is that the present
Legislature, which is confessedly loyal ^y a
pretty largo majority, shall remain in the pos-
session of the legislative power of that State
for the present, as a means of security, as a
means of preserving the peace of Georgia, and
preventing the necessity which may arise in
another case of the intervention of themilitary
power of the United States to put down an
insurrection, a rebellion within that. State.
Now, sir, I think myself, as I said the other
day, that the constitution of Georgia itself con-
templates the necessity of such a continuation
in power of the present Legislature I can
give to the second division of the third article
of their constitution no other construction. It
says expressly that—
" The members of the house of representatives
■:li11 be elected for two years. The clcction for
members of the General Assembly shall begin on
Tuesday after the first Monday in November of evei y
second year except the first election, which sliall be
within sixty days after the adjournment of thus
convention: but tho General Assembly may by law
change tho time of election, and the members shall
hold until their successors are elected and qualified.''
Now, I ask the lawyers in this body from
what time regularly this term of two years
commenecs, from what day is it counted? for
the articlc says plainly that the members shall
be elected for two years from the time at which
they are elected. The election vests tho mem-
bers with their legislative authority, and they
are to hold for two years. Two years from
what time? From the time they begin to hold.
Acid when do they begin to hold? Plainly
when they are elected; and when are they
elected? When the polls have closed and they
have received their certificates of election. It
seems to me there is no other construction to
be given to it.
But, then, the clause goes on and declares
that the Legislature may "'by law"—they must
pass an act for such a purpose—postpone or
rather change the time of election ; and the
members shali hold until their successors are
elected and qualified. The Legislature is thus
vested with the unlimited power to change the
time of the election. Suppose they change the
time of the election for five days. No one will
doubt that they have that power. Arc they
limited to five days' extension? No, sir; the
language is general, and contains no limitation
and no restriction as to the time to which this
change shall extend. Suppose, then, they
change the time of election to some period six
months beyond the November election. Can
it be said that such a change is contrary to the
constitution of Georgia? No, sir; because
there is nothing in tho constitution to contra-
diet the principle. The members elected are
to hold until their successors are not only
elected but qualified; that is, until they take
the oath of office required by the constitution
•as members of the Legislature.
To some gentlemen this seems a great incon-
venience ; to them it seems like a violation of
that principle of the Constitution of the United
States which requires that the United States
shall guaranty to every State in this Union a
republican form of government. Sir, is a
prudential provision in a Stats constitution
such as this, which plainly upon its face for the
preservation of the public peace allows a given
Legislature to hold over and to continue in
office for the purpose of preserving the public
peace and preventing an outbreak and insur-
rection ; is such a clause to be denominated an
anti-republican clause, and therefore as being
in conflict with the Constitution of the United
States? I think not, sir.
It is perfectly plain on reading this article
that it was the purpose of the convention which
framed the constitution and of the people who
ratified the constitution to give to the Legis-
lature the power, should they see fit to exer-
cise it, of continuing themselves in office for
such a reasonable period of time as to insure
the tranquillity of the people of the State of
Georgia, and the Legislature were not limited
to any particular period within which they
would direct an election to be called.
This idea is carried out in one of the ordi-
nances passed by the "convention, which de-
clares that the members of the Legislature and
State officers—
"Shall continue in office until the regular sucoes-
sion provided for after the year X86S and until suc-
cessors are elected and qualified, so that said officers
shall each of them hold their offices as though they
were elected on the Tuesday after the first Monday
in November in 1868, or elected or appointed by tho
next General Assembly."
That clause plainly contemplates such a
change in the time of election, such a prolonga-
tion of the term of office of the members of the
senate and house of assembly of that State. It
was intended, as I said before, as a means of
preserving the peace in Georgia ; as a means of
enforcing law and preserving order; as a means
of putting down your Kuklux Ivlansandall such
turbulent and disorderly bodies as are known to
exist in that State. The convention had all these
contingencies in view when they gave this power
to the Legislature to prolong it own existence.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to ask hnu a question right there ?
" Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. If a majority of the elect-
ors in Georgia are of the disloyal character
ascribed to them by the Senator from Michigan,
and the object of the constitution was to put
down the disloyal and Kuklux Klan, how came
it that that constitution was adopted by so large
a majority ?
Mr. HOWARD. That is a question which
the honorable Senator is as capable of answer-
ing as myself. I shall not undertake to state
here the motives which may have governed the
disloyal element in Georgia in voting for this
constitution. It is a matter of not the slightest
consequence what their motives were in voting
for it, or whether they voted for it at all or not.
It is sufficient for us that we have here before
us a written constitutional instrument which
tho people of Georgia have ratified and sent to
us as the constitution of the State, and we are
now bound to give that instrument a reasonable
and rational construction.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson,] proposes to substitute for the
clause which I have read, known as the Bing-
ham amendment, the following:
That in consequcncc of tho illegal, disorganizing,
and revolutionary proceedings of the General As-
sembly of Georgia it be, and is hereby, declared that
the term of service of the said General Assembly
shall date from the 23th of January, 1870, and shall
continue until the persons to bo chosen on the Tues-
day after the first Monday of November, 1872, as
members of the General Assembly of said State are
qualified.
I believe that Congress, under the constitu-
tion of Georgia, has full authority to enact this
clause. I would prefer greatly to leave this
whole question of the power of postponing the
election to the Legislature of Georgia and to
the constituted authorities of that State. _ Let
them solve their own enigmas, if it be an enigma,
in their own way; and thus would I escape
from all responsibility in undertaking here to
give a construction to the constitution of that
State. It is far more natural, far more consist-
ent with our duty, that this question should
be referred to the authorities of Georgia than
that we should undertake to solve it ourselves ;
but, as I remarked before, if it cannot be thus
referred to the people and their constituted
authorities, then I am in favor of this clause
in the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. I think we have authority to pass
it, and I think it would be binding upon the
people of Georgia, not in virtue of the general
power which Congress had to reconstruct the
rebel States, because when the State of Geor-
gia is readmitted into tho Union it becomes a
State of the Union with all the rights, powers,
and franchises of a State of the Union, but in
virtue of this clause of their constitution,
article eleven, section eleven:
"Should this constitution be ratifiod by the people,
and Congress accept the same with any qualifications
or conditions"—
If Congress shall accept this constitution
with any qualifications or conditions—
"the government herein provided for and the
officers elected shall nevertheless exist,and continue
in the exercise of their several functions as the gov-
ernment of this State, so far as the same may be
consistent with the aetion oftheUnited States in the
premises."
So far as is consistent with any action which
Congress may take upon this matter. We may
therefore accept this constitution with such
qualiiications and conditions annexed to our
acceptance of it as we may see fit; and if we
see fit to declare that the present Legislature
of Georgia shall hold their places as such Legis-
lature until November, 1872, then I insist that
by the consent of the people of that State,
evidenced in the constitution which they have
ratified, we have a right so to declare and so to
provide, and the courts of justice will recognize
our act in the premises as valid andconstitu-
tional. They have given us that authority. Their
constitution says to us, "You may annex to
your acccptance of the instrument such terms,
such qualifications, such conditions as you may
see fit, and tho present government of Geor-
gia shall continue and exist and proceed in its
operations so far as is consistent with the action
of Congress/' There, sir, is the power, broad
and unlimited, and we have the right to exercise
it under that clause of the constitution of Geor-
gia. We have aright to declare that the pres-
ent Legislature of Georgia shall be the Legis-
lature of that State for two years from and
after November next; thus annulling all that
previous part of their constitution which re-
quires an election to be held in November, 1870.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would like my friend
from Michigan to refer me to the page of the
constitution where he finds that clause.
Mr. HOWARD. Page 24, section eleven of
article eleven. Now, sir, if we caunot have
something of this kind, if wecanuothave peace
in Georgia, if wo cannot have u, government,
there which womld protect life, property, and
liberty, then for one am I in favor of remitting
that State into the hands of the military author-
ities of the United States, and of establishing
there amilitary government which shall endure
and be continued there until the people of that
State shall of their own accord be satisfied to
establish amongthemselves agovernmentwhich
will protect life, liberty, and property.
Sir, it is a shame that within the limits of
the United States there should be a State called
a State of the Union in which there is really
no protection by law for life, liberty, and prop-
erty. What are governments made for but to
protect these ; and is that government which
fails in this duty worthy of the name of a gov-
ernment? No, sir; it is not entitled to as
much respect as we are in the habit of attribut-
ing to the Bedouin Arabs, for they protect life,
liberty, and property in their own way. Here
there is no protection in Georgia, Suppose a
Union man is murdered there, be he black or
white, do you ever hear of the offender being
brought to justice and punished by a jury of
the State of Georgia? No, sir. Throughout
the whole series of outrages which have^ oc-
curred in tho rebel States since the close ot the
war, from among the two or three thousand
deliberate murders which have been committed
in Georgia and in other States, especially in
Texas, we have yet to be informed of the pun-
ishment of a single murderer by the verdict o.
or southern jury. -
Mr. President, let me call the attention of
Senators for a moment to one of the possible
contingencies which may flow from the piesent
status of the people of- Georgia. J here is a
party there who contend that on .November
next there should be an election of members
of their State Legislature. That party is numer-
