1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
fixed Wednesday for the adjournment, that we
shall not lengthen theperiod of the vacation, but
rather shorten it. I have no wish myself about
it, because I shall be here during the recess ;
but as they have fixed Wednesday, I am willing
to agree to it. I would prefer to adjourn from
Thursday of next week until the Monday fol-
lowing New Year's day, but I liave no amend-
ment to offer. I trust the Senate will not pro-
long the vacation, but rather shorten it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Only within
a few years have we ever voted so long an ad-
journment as a fortnight. It seems .to me
with the immense amount of business that is
accumulating upon the tables of the two Houses
we can spend the time quite as usefully here as
we could by adjourning at all except, perhaps,
for the mere days, Christmas and New Year's ;
and if this motion shall be voted down, at all
events I will move to curtail the adjournment
so that it will be less than even that proposed
by the House of Representatives.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will not
consent to prolong this vacation, although I
am not disposed to interfere with the will of
the House;of Representatives as expressed in
the resolution they have sent to us. I wish
that the time had been less, for when I look
over the Calendar I see that there are import-
ant measures that do require the attention of
Congress, and the sooner the better. I must
say that I consent with difficulty that several
of these measures which are so important, so
exacting almost, should be postponed until
after the holidays. For instance, here is tho
measure with reference to Georgia ; surely that
ought to be considered ; and then here is a bill
that I hope to call up to-day relating to tele-
graphic communication between the United
States and foreign countries. There is an im-
mediate exigenoy for action on that bill, grow-
ing out of the condition of our cable relations,
if I may so say, with Prance, and also with
other countries. The whole cablc question is
an urgent one at this moment, and I think the
Senate ought to act on it before the holidays.
Then, a Senator reminds me, there is also the
question of Virginia. 1 have already alluded
to Georgia. There are various questions any
one of which is calculated to occupy a good
deal of time.
Mr. POMEROY. Then there is the Cuba
question.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator reminds me
that I have said nothing of Cuba, because, I
suppose, the least said the better. [Laughter.]
Ihere are other questions that are positively
urgent. I hope, therefore, the Senate will not
prolong the time beyond what the House de-
cidos.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
York, to strike out'' Wednesday, the 22d," and
insert "Monday, the 20th."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
insert "Thursday, the23d," in place of " Wed-
nesday, the 22d."
Mr.HOWE. I have not the slightest per-
sonal interest in this matter myself, but I beg
leave to say on behalf of gentlemen who live
in the neighborhood that I come from, who
propose to return to their homes during the
holidays, which I do not propose 
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Do you know
any such?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, I know several of that
sort; and if the resolution passes as it is they
will be enabled to get home before Christmas,
whereas if this one day is snatched away from
them they will be left on the road on Christmas
day ; and I am sure the Senator from Vermont
would not wish to impose that prejudice upon
them. I hope he will withdraw his amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If there is
any objection I withdraw it.
The \ ICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the concurrent resolution of the
House of Representatives.
' The resolution was concurred in.
message from .the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed, without amend-
ment, the bill (S. No. 283) to remove political
disabilities of certain persons therein named.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 86)
in regard to the suspension of the sale of cer-
tain lands in California, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
presidential approvals .
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Pokter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 14th
instant approved and signed the following ioint
resolutions:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 62) in relation
to a site for a building for the State Depart-
ment ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 64) appoint-
ing ^General Thomas Osborn a manager of tho
National Asylum for Disabled Soldiers.
order or business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now ask
to have House joint resolution No. 72, to reg-
ulate the hours of labor of Government labor-
ers, workmen, and mechanics, taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the duty
of the Chair to state that the Senator from
Tennessee [Mr. Browni.ow] the day before
yesterday asked the Chair to request of the
Senate an opportunity to make a personal
explanation. He informs the Chair this morn-
ing that that will consume about thirty min-
utes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will yield
for that purpose if this shall be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont, to
take up House joint resolution No. 72, to regu-
late the hours of labor of Government laborers,
workmen, and mechanics.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to antagonize
with that resolution, but there is another bill
to which I referred a moment ago,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There are
other gentlemen who are going to occupy the
flo3r. I am not going to speak myself yet.
I he Senator from Tennessee desires to make a
personal explanation, and the Senator from
Wisconsin is prepared to make a speech, and
I have said to both that I will yield for that
purpose.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont.
The motion was agreed to.
personal explanation.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I now yield
to the Senator from Tennessee.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Tennessee asks consent to make a per- I
sonal explanation occupying in time about '
thirty minutes. Is there objection?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will displace the
bill relating to the jurisdiction of the courts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
understand that the Senate grants unanimous
consent to^ displace it until the personal ex-
planation is concluded, which will be in the
nature of a temporary postponement of the
order that comes up at one o'clock; but when-
ever the personal explanation is ended the bill
of the Senator from Illinois will come up as
unfinished business. The Chair hears no
objection, and the Senator from Tennessee
sends to the Secretary the paper which will be
read as a personal explanation.
The Secretary read the remarks of Mr.
Beownlow, as follows:
_ Mr. President and Sekators : In submit-
ting the brief remarks I propose on this occa-
sion I regard myself as speaking to a question
of privilege, and as giving some political and
personal explanations concerning the late
bitter and exciting contest or election in Ten-
nessee. I regret that the circumstances and
results of that election require me to allude to
myself and my action therein more frequently
and freely than I could desire. It is known
to Senators within this Chamber that all sorts
of charges against me in connection with the
recentl'ennessee election have found their way
into the Republican journals of the country.
Hence my desire to set myself right in the
estimation of my brother Senators and of the
country at large. The truth of history and the
fair fame of the Republican party of Tennessee
and elsewhere also justify my present under-
taking.
On the 20th of May last the State Republican
convention assembled in Nashville to nominate
candidates for Governor and for superintend-
ent of public instruction. There was a full
attendance, nearly every county in the State
being represented. At the time of the sitting
of the convention I was not within two hundred
and fifty miles of the place of its meeting, nor
did I make any communication to it, relying
as I did upon the patriotism and good sense of
the members to act wisely and rightly in the
business intrusted to them.
Almost immediately upon the assembling of
the members a conflict arose between the
friends of Senterand Stokes as to the tempo-
rary organization. The friends of Senter nom-
inated a gentleman for temporary chairman.
Colonel Cate, who called the meeting to order,
refused to entertain the motion. The mover,
Judge L. C. Houk, then put his own motion to
the assembly, and the nomination was clearly
confirmed by the votes of a large majority of
those present. The lriends of Stokes pu t Hon.
R. R. Butler in nomination, which motion Mr.
Cate put to the house; and thus a conflict
arose as to the temporary chairmanship of the
convention, which continued with more or less
violence for two days. Theconfusion andstvife
thus beginning in bitterness increased in inten-
sity and recklessness until their exhibitions
were disgraceful. Reckless personalities were
indulged. The Stokes men charged the Sen-
ter men in open convention with being school
fnnders, bank thieves, and railroad-ring swin-
dlers. The lie was openly retorted, blows were
given, pistols and dirks were drawn, and but
(or the intervention of the police wounding and
loss of life might have resulted.
In accounting for Ihe fierceness and tenacity
of this conflict in the convention several facts
are urged by the Senter Republicans who par-
ticipated i n the tumultuous proceedings of those
two memorable days, as, for example, that the
Stokes men had packed the convention; that
several counties were present in double, treble,
and even greater delegations. It was claimed
that those delegations in some instances were
prot ured by impromptu unauthorized assem-
blies, and who therefore had no right to seats
in the convention. But chiefly the animus of
I the respective parties in the struggle may be
i traced to the conviction entertained by the
adherents of Senter that a conspiracy had some
months previously been organized on the part
of Stokes, Cate, and others to prevent Gov-
ernor Senter from being a candidate by degrad-
ing him from the Governorship under the ap-
plication of the fourteenth amendment. The
evidences of that conspiracy were published
throughout the State, and they entered into the
canvass on every stump in Tennessee.
After two days of strife, wrangling, and vio-
lence the convention adjourned without effect-
ing even a temporary organization. As further
illustrating the temper of that convention a
fact occurred which should not be overlooked.
It is this: on the second day of the conven-
tion, when strife had wearied itself into com-
parative quiet, J udge Barbour Lewis, of Mem-
phis, brought forward the name of Hon.
Horace Maynard as a compromise candidate,
with a view to heal the breach and unite the
two discordant factions. Of Mr. Maynaed's
