1870.
Titt cosvKESsiojm;
3337
Sit. MQltttlLL, of Maine. I hope we shall
not divide the Seriate to night.
Jlr. MtjRRtLL, of Vermont. Let the vote
be taken to-morrow.
Mr. MOllRILL, of Maine. AHbwitto stand
as it is, arid then get it into the Senate to-
morrow,
Jlr. HOWE. Let it stand open without a
vote. ,
The VICE PttESlDENT. It Way be passed
over, or may be regarded as agreed to, attd a
separate vote taken in the Seriate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the
amendment might ad welt be regarded as
agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ. Why not divide and settle
it now? ,. .
Mr. SUMNER., I shall insist on dividing
the Senate rather than agree to the proposition
of the Senator from Maine. I do not wish for !
a moment that the Senate should agree to such
a proposition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator per-
haps would rather keep us here all night than
have the question go into the Senate, where it
can be taken to-morrow without consuming
time. .....
Mr. SUMNER. I said it might be passed
over, but 1 did not wish to have the proposi-
tion of the committee agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a quorum here.
I do not see why we should not divide. jj
Mr. MORRILLi of Maine, if so, the ques-
tion may be taken. , '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks I|
there is a quorum in the Senate Chamber and
rooms adjoining. , i
Mr. WILLET. I understood this vote was
taken upon the amendment of the Senator from i j
Missouri. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. No; that was
agreed to previously. The question now Is on
the amendment as amended. The vote was
very close, but the Chair thought the ayes
appeared to have it. The, suggestion' of the
Senator from Maine is that this amendment
be passed over for the present. ["Agreed."]
There is one more amendment reserved, on
page 50, relating to the chief clerk,of the Navy
Department.. This is the last reserved amend-
ment. The Secretary will report it.
The CiIief Clerk. The amendment is in
line twelve hundred and. nineteen, to.strikeout
"$2,200" dud insert "$2,500;" so as to read,
"For compensatidn of the.chief clerk of the
Navy Department; at $2,500." Andalso to add
after the word "dollars" the words "when
there is nr> Assistant Secretary."
Mr. SHERMAN, i call for a division on
that.
Mr. MORRILL; bf Vermont. Allow that
to go over until to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection ; but
theTe is a quorum here. ,...
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
will be passed over till to-morrow.,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now move
an amendment; of which I gave notice, from the
Committee On Pqblic Buildings and Grounds,
for the purpose of puttiug upu building for the
State Department: It is to insert as a new
section:
Sfcc. —. And be it further enacted. That the silm
of 8500,000 ije.and hereby is, appropriated out qf
any moneys ip the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the Ccin^tnlction, under the direction of
the Secretary of State; on the southerly portion bf
the premises now occupied by the War and Navy
Departments, of a building which will form tho south
wing of a building tliat, ^hen completed, vnlt bo
similar in the ground plan and dimensions to the
Treasury building, and provide accommodations for
the State, War, and Navy Departments; tho build-
ing to be of such kind of stone as may be hereafter
detcniiincd, three stories in height, with basement
and attic; the height of the pavilioiw to be increased
if necessary; the building to be of fire-proof con-
struction, and in the renaissance style of architec-
ture; the plans to bo approved by the Secretary of
State, the Secretary of War, and Secretary of the
Navy before any money is expended under the pro-
visions of this act.
It will be remembered, Mr. President, that
at tlfe last session of Corigrfess a resolution
passed both Houses unanimously, instructing
the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of
State, and perhaps one other Secretary, th6
Secretary of War probably, to examine and
report at the succeeding session, which is the
present, a suitable site for a State Department
building, and also to prepare plans for such
a building, to be considered by the present
Congress. In obedience to that resolution;
approved by the President, they made a report.
A majority of the persons assigned to mak&
this examination reported in favor of taking
the center of La Payette scjuate as the site for-
th e State Department, ana if that should be
rejected they were thfen unanimously in fSvor
of Scott square.
On the assembling Of the present session of
Congress the Committees of the two Housed
on Public Buildings and Grounds examined
with great care artd particularity the respective
places indicated by the repOrt to which I hav,e
alluded, and also various other places, includ-
ing Judiciary squareand after mature con-
sideration have decided most emphatically td
reject the spoliation of La Payette sqtiare by
putting a building in its center; and then they
almost with equal Unanimity decided agaihst
Scott Square, which is a very small squarb,
made up, since the city has been laid out, out
of the junctions of Verfaont averiue, I street,
and Fifteenth street, where there is ilotllirig
but a large space formed by the junctions bf
the streets, Which has been inclosed, by what
authority I do not know, and is styled Scott
square.
Finally, after looking the ground all overj
the committees have reached the conclusion
that the most suitable site for this building ii
that occupied in part novir by the Navy and
War Departments ; and they merely propose
in this proposition the erection of a building
on the south part of this squate, which will
not interfere at all with the present buildings
there, either the War or the Navy Department
building j and it will be ample for the accom-
modation of the State Department fbr at, least
fifty years to cdme, and perhaps for all time;
and whenever Congress shall be disposed, to
extend thfe building for the further accommo-
dation of the Nav$r and War Departments; so
that the building, when cbmpleied, shall bfe a
'coffiplemerit to thb Trtedsury Dfeparttfleilt' on
the further side of the White House, it will b&
entirely competent on the part of Congress to
do. so ; and the site will.be a very fine one, and
will accommodate not otily all three of these
Departments when tho building Shall be com-
pleted, but most likely the Office of the Attor-
ney General also.
It is evident, Mk President, thht thd office
of the Sebretaty of State ought to be one in
close contigdity with the White House. The
functions of the Secretary of State, both gen-
eral and particular, require him to be often in
consultation with the President. The present
location of thb,State tlepartmeht is exceed-
ingly inbonvenleht. to the Secretary; to the
entire Congress, and to the President. Ittakes
over half atl hour riow to communicate from
the White House to the 'State Department.
The building is & hirfed one, totally unfit for
Such a Department; and the documents, ^rKich
probably would be considered the most valua-
ble as to its arfchrves of any Department we
have, are exposed to fire at Any tiqjg, tbi? the
building is not fire-prbbf. We Have it library
there adapted to the State Department which
if destroyed it wotildbe impdssible to replace.
I hhve jjlans not only of the ground but silso
Of the building proposed to be erfected, which
will be in a slightly different style from the
Treasury Departinent, but will most likely bb
constructed of stone, and therefore will be a
proper complement to the Treasury Depart-
ment building on the further side of the White
House. I do not suppose that there can be any
necessity for arguing this question. I take it
that we shall be as nearly unanimous in rela-
tion td flitting up suitable accommodations
for the State Department as upon any question
that ciiti arise. ^
' I will add one thing more and that will con-
clude what I have to say, for the present at any
rate. This south wing will cost something
like h, million dollars. It may slightly exceed
it. It is impossible to tell precisely what it
will cost; but somewhere about one million
dollkr^ will be tlffe expense; and it is as low
and it Httl6 less probably thatl we could erect
an independent building elsfewhere for. It
tflH form a very firie specitnen of architecture,
be an ornament to the city and creditable to
the Government whether the building shall be
extended ot not, but it will be so arranged that
it can be extended if at any time hereafter it
shall be thought proper.
Mr. COLE. 1 of course am very much in
favOr of this amendment to the bill, and of the
construction of a building for the use of the
State Department; but I observe in the seventh
line Of the amendment as proposed that this is
to be the south wing of a building which shall
be the cOrtijilemeilt of the Treasury Depart-
ment. I was ratlifer under the impression, and
I call the attention of the chairihan to it, that
"we were to commence at the north end of tho
building, and that this was to .be the north
wirlg.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, if the
Senator will remembet, it was found on further
examination that that could not be done with-
out tearing down the War Department, and it
can be commenced ht the south wing without
atly interference with the Navy Department.
Mr. COLE. Perhapis so ; but according to
a plan I 1 do hot know whose it was, but
prdbkbly some other than the Senator has 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That was an
old plan, and wai for a very rndch smaller
building.
Mr. COLE. According to that {(Ian we should
be able to erect the building without any inter-
ference with the construction of the present War
Department; and that was the idea I had as to
the plan that prevailed in the committee. I how-
ever seem to hhve been misled or to be mistaken
in regard to that. I am well aware of the very
frreht necessity tbfere is for the construction, as
Soori as it can b'e So'ne; of a biiildirig for the use
of the State DepEtttmeht. That Department at
preseht occupies 3 Rented structure far out on
Fourteenth street; certaiHly too fitr away from
the bther btisihe^ of the Govet-nmentj and the
btiilding itseli'is riot fire-prdofj and the valu-
ablb records, all the records relating to the fot'
eigh relations of this country, are in a building
that is liable at. any time to be destroyed by
fire. That condition of things shOuld not be
suffered to exist a longer time in this great
ilation. I hope, therefore, the proposition
embodied in the amendment mdy be adopted
by th^ Senate.
Mr. SCHCJfiZ. ' I should like toh&vea little
information from thy friend from Vermont.
He says that the south wing of the new build-
ing to be erected will cpst prcibabty a trifle
Over a millibn dollars. I should be glad to know
how hlufch the whole building will cost, which
is to include the War arid the Navy Depart-
ments, the 4-ttohiey General's Department,
&c. Will not that cost soine five or six hail-
lion dollars?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose
when the building snail be completed it may
cost four or five, or possibly six million
dollars; but I assure the Senator from Mis-
souri that it will cost much less to build it
here than it would at St. Louis. [Laughter.]
Ml*. SCHURZ. The observation I was going
to submit upon this amendment to the appro-
priation. bill hid no reference at all to the mat-
ter which the Seiiator froth Vermont was touch-
ing upon. I'bbtisider it rathfer a smart piece
of strategy On his part to turn the flank of what
I was going to say by such a previous remark.
However I do not intend to let him escape in
that way.
