1870 j
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Internal Tax Bill—Mr. Getz.
Ho. of Reps.
I desire to impress upon men of all classes. I
cannot persuade myself that it can exist long
on yourstatute-book. The issues which itpre-
sents are too grave and affect too closely the
interests of the whole country, not to provoke
the opposition of every white man wherever its
destructive features shall be known. In its
practical working, party will be merged in the
antagonism of races, and the spectacle will be
presented of the white man on the one side and
the negro on the other striving for mastery in
a country which belongs to the white man.
Congress may interpose its strong arm, but the
fury of the storm which it cannot fail to create
may soon get beyond its reach, and end in
consequences which all law-abiding citizens
may have reason to deplore. I call upon the
Republican party, therefore, to pause in this
revolutionary programme. White men must
stand by their race and their institutions, now
that the issue has been made. They cannot
ignore either for the sake of the miserable party
objects intended to be subserved by this bill.
If'the Radical party is destined to go down, let
it fall without involving the country in anarchy
and ruin.
Mr. Speaker, when I came to this House to
represent my people in the Congress of the
United States, I had no object to subserve but
the good of the whole country. I came in no
spirit of ill-tempered, fault-finding, or factious
opposition to the Republican party who held
and still hold the control of the legislation
upon this floor. The Constitution had been
the study of my life, and the institutions which
had grown up under it were objects alike of
my admiration and pride. I had contemplated
this great fabric of human Government from
the stand-point of Clay and Webster, and the
great men of the Republic. At that time it
was a Government of just laws, based upon
and in strict accordance with constitutional
guarantees. No right had been invaded, and
all the coordinate departments were in the
places assigned to them, without interference
or abatement from any usurping source,
whether executive, legislative, or judicial.
The States were recognized as sovereign as to
all the rights which had been so carefully
guarded in the work of the Convention. It was
a Government of which we had just cause to
be proud.
The war came on apace, and with it the
•storm and the whirlwind. At this inauspicious
period the Republican party assumed the reins.
The work of our fathers, sanctioned by the
experience of more than half a century, stood
before them in all the grace and elegance of
its proportions, undisturbed by the mutations
of time through so long a period of trial. What
changes have since come over us! Where
does it stand to-day? In the guardianship
of this party its very foundations have been
sapped. Violent hands have been laid upon
it. Column after column has fallen from its
base, and a stupendous ruin is all that remains
to mark the spot where it once stood. This
very bill for the enforcement of the fifteenth
amendment, degrading your race, wounding
the national pride, striking down States in the
exercise of their constitutional functions, ele-
vating the negro over the white man by a forced
system of pains and penalties, placing in the
hands of a military President the land and
naval forces and the militia to be used without
limitation as to his powers, is confirmatory of
all that I say.
The power to regulate suffrage, guarded by
every muniment which the Constitution could
throw around it, stood at the very foundation
of your republican system. Where is it now;
and what is representative government without
it? There was a time when the mere suspicion
of such a change in your organic law would
have flooded this House with petitions, and
caused the Halls and corridors of this Capitol
to resound with the remonstrances of an indig-
nant people. But the reality is upon us.
I have an abiding confidence, Mr. Speaker,
in the wisdom and intelligence of the Ameri-
can people. They will sever the chains which
have been riveted upon them by this unscru-
pulous and designing party, and reenter upon
that great march of progress and development,
from which they have been so wickedly diverted.
Their Constitution will be restored, their liber-
ties regained, their lostfortunes reconstructed,
and that ruined edifice, to which I have referred,
will rise again in renewed splendor. The day
of jubilee, so near at hand, will warn them of
the dangers through which they have passed,
and history, with the same pen, will record
on the same page their degradation and their
triumph.
Internal Tax Bill.
REMARKS OF HON. J. L. GETZ,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
June 3, 1870,
On the bill to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes, the question being upon the motion of
Mr. McCarthy, of ISfewYork, to strike outsection
tliii'ty-iive, reenacting the tax upon incomes.
Mr. GETZ. Mr. Speaker, a day or two ago,
when section thirty-two of this bill was under
consideration, the House struck out the para-
graph continuing the stamp tax of one cent a
box on matches by a vote of 87 to 74. I ven-
ture to say, sir, that no gentleman upon either
side of the House who voted to abolish this tax
imagined that he was aiding to reduce the rev-
enues of the Government to so serious an extent
as to impair the public credit.
" Optics sharp it needs, I ween,
To see what is not to be seenl"
But my colleague, the gentleman from Phil-
adelphia, [Mr. Kelley,] was keen enough to
make the discovery. In hot haste he arose
and called upon his party friends to reconsider
what the House had done. He could under-
stand, he said,why Democratic members should
vote to strike out a tax which nobody feels and
nobody knows lie pays, and which contributes
to the revenue nearly two million dollars a
year; but he could not understand why Repub-
licans, those charged with the responsibility
of the Government, should vote for a repeal
of this stamp duty. My colleague is nothing
if not partisan; he instinctively makes a party
question of everything, and with over two thirds
of the House in full accord with him rarely
if ever fails to carry his point. It was idle for
gentlemen on this side to deny his bold asser-
tion, that "nobody feels and nobody knows he
pays" this tax, and to show that every man,
woman, and child in the country pays it, and
that the poor housewife, whenever she kindles
the fire to cook her family's frugal meals, and
the laborer, whenever he lights the pipe that
solaces his daily toil, not only know, but feel
they pay it. Only a penny or two a day, it
may be. Nothing to the wealthy constituents
of the gentleman from Philadelphia, but a tax
that the poor man feels as much as but pays
more patiently than the rich man does the
dollars assessed upon his gains. The ductile
majority heeded the crack of their leader's
, whip. The action of the House was reversed
by a vote of 90 to 76; and, thanks to the en-
lightened statesmanship of my colleague, the
Treasury will not be robbed of the pennies it
derives from the little match-girl's sales.
After this, Mr. Speaker, I confess to no lit-
tle surprise when I heard the same gentle-
man, who rebuked his party friends for voting
to repeal a tax that yields the Government
$2,000,000 of revenue, advocate the abolition
of another tax that yields over thirty million
dollars a year! "Consistency, thou art a
jewel!" but thy possessor is not—Kelley. My
colleague, who solemnly warned the House
that the Government could not dispense with
the tax on matches, was one of the first to raise
his voice in favor of wiping out the income tax.
Had he allowed me, I would have asked him
by what process of logic he had arrived at the
conclusion that it was wrong to take off a tax
of less than two million dollars, and right to
do away with a tax of over thirty million dol-
lars? Bat, as he invariably refuses to be in-
terrupted, I refrained. The satyr in the fable
would have nothing to do with the man who
blew hot and cold with the same mouth.
Whether my colleague's political associates
will follow the satyr's cautious example is for
them to say.
Up to the present stage of the consideration
of this bill, Mr. Speaker, I have consistently
voted in favor of every motion to reduce inter-
nal taxation. I have done so, because I believe
that the people expect and have a right to
demand relief from as many of the burdens
that the exigencies of the war imposed upon
them as rigid economy in the public expendi-
tures will allow. The Government is now col-
lecting from its several sources of revenue at
the rate of $420,000,000 a year. The esti-
mated expenditures for the next fiscal year
are $291,000,000. My colleague, [ Mr. Kelley,]
notwithstanding his opposition to the repeal of
the stamp tax on matches, told the House yes-
terday that he believed we could with safety
repeal taxes which are yielding this year
$100,000,000, without impairing the credit of
the Government or depriving it of the power
to make liberal payments on the public debt.
I shall, therefore, continue to vote for every
proposed reduction of the burdens of taxa-
tion, and would, if I could, leave the Treasury
without a dollar of surplus revenue, after de-
ducting necessary expenses, and a fair appro-
priation toward the reduction of the public debt.
In this way alone can we hope to check the
extravagance and corruption that prevail in
every Department of the Government under
the present Radical Administration.
I shall vote for the proposition of the gen-
tleman from New York (Mr. McCarthy) now
before the House, to strike from the bill the
section which reenacts the odious tax upon
incomes. I shall do so for these reasons :
1. It is vexatious and' inquisitorial in its
character; it exposes every man's private
affairs to the public gaze; it is unequal and
unjust in its operation, and a fruitful source
of perjury and fraud.
2. Its assessment is expensive, and necessi-
tates the retention in office of a vast army of
assistant assessors, or Government spies, who
are as great a plague to the people and as
voracious consumers of their substance as were
the locusts of Egypt.
3. When this tax was imposed Congress
gave a solemn pledge to the country that it
should not be continued or renewed. The
words of the act are :
"The taxes on incomes herein imposed shall bo
levied on the 1st day of March, and be due and pay-
able on or before the 30th day of April in each year,
until andmcludms; the year 1870, and no longer."
This tax, therefore, has expired by limita-
tion of law. It was originally imposed as a
war tax. To recnact it now, five years after
the war has ceased, would be, in effect, im-
posing a new tax upon the people. To do this,
at a time when the cry comes up to us from
every part of the country for a reduction of the
burdens of taxation, would be so gross an in-
justice to the patient and long-suffering tax-
payers of the country that I cannot conceive
how any gentleman who regards the honor of
the Government or the duty he owes to his
constituents can be persuaded to record his
i vote in the affirmative.
