436
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Juno 4,
Senate.
Indian Appropriation BUI—Mr. Qasserhj.
41st Conu....2d Sess.
Indian Appropriation Bill.
SPEECH OF HON. EUGENE CASSERLY,
of california,
In the Senate op the United States,
June 4, 1870.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(II. II. No. 1169) making appropriations for tho cur-
rent and contingent expenses of tho Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations(so called)
with various Indian tribes for the year ending June
30,1871, and for other purposes-
Mr. CASSEBLY said:
Mr. President: I agree with the closing
remarks of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr,
Edmunds.] The Administration, in the asser-
tion of an undoubted power, has seen fit to
inaugurate a new policy in respect to Indian
affairs. The distinguishing element of that pol-
icy is that it proposes, by means of a board of
benevolent men, employing peaceful measures,
to bring the Indian tribes of the plains under
the humanizing influences of Christian civil-
ization. Can any object be more noble? Can
any be more honorable to the country? Look-
ing at it in the lowest point of view, as a finan-
cial question, is any course so likely to turn
out advantageously? Is it not worth a trial?
I say with ail my heart, let the new policy be
tried. I would not place the least obstruction
in the way. I would not even speak too strongly
of the many discouragements which our expe-
rience in the past may well suggest.
There are two great difficulties connected
with the Indian question.
One is that we have to deal with it, not as
a new question, but as a very old one. We
cannot treat these tribes as William Penri
was able to treat them, fortunately for his own
fame, for humanity, and for the peace and
progress of the colony which he founded, and
which lias since become a great State. He met
the Indians of Pennsylvania before contact and
collision with the worst classes of the whites
had exasperated, degraded, and rendered them
more barbarous than nature had made them.
We are suffering to-day—our helpless women
and children, our peaceful, well-meaning set-
tlers of the frontier settlements are suffering
to-day for the wrongs done to the Indians by
vicious and lawless white men for the last fifty
years. Hence has sprung a state of border
warfare or of precarious peace which was but
a preparation for war. The Indian has known
too often no protection against his white foeman,
except that which he could win by his own bow
and spear, and no other justice for the wrongs
he has had to bear than "the wild justice of
revenge." To-day, upon our great plains, orin
his mountain fastnesses, or in his forays upon
our border settlements, he is fighting out in
his untutored savage fashion the old quarrel,
which is ever new, between his race and ours,
going back almost to the first occupation of
this country by the white man. With a state of
things so terrible as that of actual war by the
tribes of the plains upon our border settlements,
our Government can, of course, deal only in
one way—by swift suppression of hostilities and
sharp punishment of the foe. The great object
is therefore to prevent a recurrence of such
scenes. The thief point gained to that end will
be to make the Indian understand that his war-
fare upon the white man. though it may satisfy
for the time hishabitual animosities, must inflict
greater suffering on himself by the punishment
it entails, and, in the end, result in his exterm-
ination. It would beagrand fact accomplished
should the new commission, sustained by the
power of the Government, succeed in teaching
him that wholesome lesson.
Another difficulty of the Indian question is
one fully as serious as that which I have just
stated. We sfre too much in the habit of
considering the Indian tribes as all alike in
their capacity for civilization. Nothing can be
more incorrect, as our whole experience shows.
There are Indians and Indians. Some tribes
are very capable, not merely of civilization, but
of a certain grade of political organization.
We have instances of this in the Cherokees, the
Creeks, the Choctaws, and others of the remark-
able tribes of Indians that once held the conti-
nent east of the Mississippi. There are doubt-
less tribes of the plains like them, nearly as
capable of civilization—perhaps more so. There
are, again, other tribes with respect to whom
we cannot entertain the same expectations. I
should say, for instance, that the greater part
of the fierce tribes of Apaches that range the
wholecountryfrom northern Mexico up through
Arizona, are, if there be such a thing in the
world, a sample of the utterly wild, untamable
savage. Yet, perhaps, even the Apache, wolf
of the desert though he is, is not wholly beyond
hope. I am informed by the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, [Mr. Mokrill,
of Maine,] who has charge of this bill, and such
is my information from other well-instructed
quarters, that a considerable body even of the
Apaches, between two and three hundred in
number, have been reclaimed from utter sav-
ageness and collected upon a reservation where,
upon the whole, they are doing very well.
Besides this difference between' the Indians
themselves in respect of capabilities for some
sort of civilization we must not demand too
much even of the best of them. We must not
hope to tame any of them in a day. I was
greatly reminded of this as I listened on Thurs-
day to the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stew-
art] in his denunciations alike of the Indian
tribes and of tho policy pursued toward them,
though I do not mean to say that his denuncia-
tions were altogether uncalled for.
I was struck especially by his reiterated and
impatient demands that the Indians should bo
confined upon small reservations and made to
work for their own support. The Senator
should reflect that what he calls for is no affair
of a day. Even with the most advanced tribes,
such as the Cherokees, any progress has been
the work of years of patient endeavor. It is
only then that you find them capable of reach-
ing or maintaining any substantial civilization.
Yet, what is all that time in the life of a peo-
ple, or in comparison with the advantage gained
in reclaiming whole tribes from the savage
state? Does not such a result, achieved within
fifty years, prove that there is a better way of
dealing with the Indian race, both for them and
ourselves, than by the sword always?
When the Senator [Mr. Stewart] insisted
that the tribes of the plains should be set to
work on reservations and made to earn then-
living did he reflect on what he was saying?
Here is a race of people who from time imme-
morial have lived mainly by the chase over
the great plains or by the spoil of war made
by one tribe upon another. Can you all at once
shut them up in the small reservations of the
Senator and make them tillers of the soil, a
pursuit which so many of those fierce warriors
abhor? What will you do with them if you
find they do not know how to work, and are
not very willing to learn? I doubt if much
can be done with the present generation of men
of most of these wild tribes in the converting
them into farmers or working people. I do
expect something from the younger genera-
tion—from the Indian boys. Let the trial be
made with them, and if fully made, it cannot
wholly fail.
These views are no mere speculations of
mine. They rest upon the truth of history.
In two notable instances in.our country the
peaceful, Christian mode of dealing with the
Indians has been tried, and in both cases with
the most signal success.
One of them was in Pennsylvania, under the
auspices of William Penn. The features of
that great experiment and its complete tri-
umph I need not recount. One result was that
of all the colonies Pennsylvania was least mo-
lested by Indian troubles in the course of her
history.
The other example I find upon the shores of
the Pacific; I find it in my own State of Cali-
fornia. There, under the rule of Spain, and
subsequently of Mexico, the laws of Christian
civilization were applied to the government of
the Indian tribes. The missions of the church
had the control of the Indians of California,
and with a success that, considering the new-
ness and remoteness of the country, and the
other circumstances of difficulty, is wonderful
to think of. There are few things more strik-
ing in the history of these children of the forest
and the plains. About the twenty-one mis-
sions of California a considerable population
of Indians grew up within the influences of
Christianity and civilization. Each mission had
its own community of Indians, industrious,
orderly, self-supporting, not destitute of capa-
city for improvement, with a fair proportion
of farm laborers, herdsmen, and mechanics.
In the works of irrigation, the remains of which
still exist around so many of the old mission
buildings, the Christianized Indians particu-
larly excelled. They showed a remarkable
native talent for the engineering required by
those works. With little or no instruction of
any kind, they were able to find grades, to lay
out ditches, and to manage irrigation as well as
the most scientific engineers. I have seen the
walls of one mission church in California, inside
and out, covered with paintings by a Christian-
ized Indian. They were rude in design, it is
true; but they were just in proportion, not with-
out perspective, and striking in their general
effect. At the mission churches were kept, and
in some cases still are preserved, the ancient
registers of those Indian communities—the
registers of births, of baptisms, of marriages,
and of deaths.
I give you a few leading features only. I did
not expect this debate, and was not prepared
for it. The whole subject is full of interest,
but I can barely touch on it here and there.
What was the general result of the system
pursued toward the Indians of California by the
missions ? Though in an evil hour the Mexican
Government, several years before our conquest
of California, struck a fatal blow at the system
by secularizing the mission establishments,
yet the good effects produced upon the Indian
population could not be blotted out all at once.
It is true, also, that since the cession of Cali-
fornia, her people, to their creditbe it said, with
very few exceptions, have not been chargeable
with cruelty or even harshness to the Indians.
The consequence has been that there is no
frontier State east or west of the Mississippi
whose history is so little stained with Indian
troubles as is that of the State of California.
True, there were several Indian expeditions
during the first ten or twelve years after her
admission to the Union; but in respect of blood
shed they were very harmless affairs. They
were hurtful chiefly to the finances of the State;
and this was their real object; for they were
mainly contractors' wars. I do not now think
of more than two or three serious conflicts
between the Indians and the people of Cali-
fornia during our history as a State.
Now, sir, is there not much, is there not
everything, to encourage us in these two bright,
examples—Pennsylvania with her Indians
managed and humanized by her Quakeis ; Cal-
ifornia with her Indians managed and human-
ized and civilized by her missions? It cer-
tainly is enough to encourage us to make the
experiment now.
I do not enter into the discussion which has
arisen as to whether one Christian denomina-
tion or another deserves the most merit. If I
were to do so I might refer to the devoted
