5226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
tion, for the benefit of the interior trade, and
thus by law to make the center the circumfer-
ence and the inside the outside, then it is just
as safe in Georgia and Alabama as it is in Illi-
nois. That is the fact about it, and it is per-
fectly useless to disguise it.
My friend is sincere, and judges other people
upon that standard, which nobody can com-
plain of, according to his own views of what
under similar circumstances he would do. I
suppose every man ought to do that. But the
real question now is upon the amendment of
the Senator from Maine. I shall go for this
measure with very great reluctance, even with
that amendment on, and for this reason. _ In a
small way we have tried this same experiment
that the Senator from Maine now proposes,
between Canada and the United States, by
the act of 18G4, which is before me ; and after
experience under that act the Secretary of the
Treasury, Mr. McCulloch, recommended that
it be repealed, for the reason that the frauds
committed even on a short line were so great
as to endanger the revenue; and this body
passed without a division an act repealing it, in
the year 1&G6-67, but it did not pass the other
House. Whether it was ever acted on there or
not I do not know. I remember it perfectly,
for I was at the time a member of the Commit-
tee on Commerce that reported it.
Mr. SHERMAN. In 1866 we passed the
law from which I read some time ago.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the two provisions
of the act of 1864 to which I allude are still in
force, and the second section allows things to
go from contiguous territory ; and I wish my
friend from Maine would notice this proviso,
which ought to be in his amendment to make
it uniform and safe :
"Provided, That nothing contained in this aetshall
be construed to exempt such car, vehicle, or con-
tents"—
The imported goods—
"from such examination as maybe necessary and
proper to prevent frauds upon the revenue and vio-
lations of this act."
If this act is passed these very words ought
to go into it, for the effect of them will enable
the customs officers in any State through which
the things go, if they suspect the cars of being
tampered with and the packages interfered
with, to stop them at any point.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think there is another
provision in another section of this bill which
will give the Secretary power to put all safe-
guards upon it.
Mr. PATTERSON. The argument of the
Senator from Illinois is a very singular one.
He is opposed to multiplying the cities to which
goods shall go m bond, because it increases
the probability of fraud; and yet, when he
argues in favor of making Chicago a port of
entry he says there is no danger of fraud. Now,
sir, if there is no danger of fraud between
New York and Chicago, multiplying the places
fifty or one hundredfold does not increase the
probability of fraud.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator never heard
me say there was no danger. There is danger
always, more or less. We are not perfect, any
of us ; but I think there is as little danger in
taking goods from New York to Chicago as
there would be in carting them in the eity of
New York. They will go right through with-
out change, and they can be carried safely, f
think it would be more difficult if you sent
them to all the small places.
Mr. PATTERSON. That is to say, there
is danger in going from the New York custom-
house to a merchant's store in that city, and
the danger is not increased in going from New
York city to Chicago. That is the gentleman's
argument. They pass through precisely the
same streets in getting from the ship to the
cars for Chicago as they would in the other
case. Our experience is the very reverse of
the gentleman's argument. We have had some
experience in this matter, and at this very ses-
sion we have passed a bill, drawn at the Treas-
ury Department by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, to stop the transportation of goods in bond
on our southwestern border, because there was
no possible way of preventing frauds on the
Government of the United States; and only
within the last year the Secretary has been
obliged by an order of the Department to put
special guards upon the transportation of goods
from New York to San Francisco over the
Isthmus, because of the frauds that were prac-
ticed by the million annually upon the Gov-
ernment. The old system proved an utter
failure. Then the system of cording and seal-
ing was introduced, and instead of preventing
frauds it only became a cover to frauds, and
the cunning and ingenuity of the smugglers,
who are a profession down on the Isthmus,
cannot be circumvented by any laws which you
may pass. The only way to prevent it is to
stop the transportation of goods over the Isth-
mus or over these loug lines inland. There is
no other way to prevent it. I have no objec-
tion to the goods going to any of these inland
cities if you can invent some way by which you
can stop the frauds; but you cannot do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You will not let us try.
Mr. PATTERSON. We have tried it, and
it has proved a total failure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 beg the Senator's par-
don ; it never has been tried.
Mr. PATTERSON. I beg the Senator's
pardon; it has been tried from'Galveston and
Corpus Christi and several cities on the Texas
coast to the Rio Grande; it has been tried
from New Y ork by the Isthmus to San Fran-
cisco, and proved a failure. Is not that the
same thing precisely ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is out of the coun-
try. It has never been tried between the ports
in the country.
Mr. PATTERSON. Is Texas out of the
country ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was where goods
were going into Mexico. It is a different thing
entirely.
Mr. PATTERSON. They were to go to the
Rio Grande and just simply pass over that river.
The whole distance was within the United
States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
Hampshire and myself need not misunderstand
each other, nor make anybody else misunder-
stand us. The Senator from New Hampshire
knows that the transportation he speaks of was
of goods destined to a jurisdiction beyond the
United States. They might be stolen before
they get there ; but that was under a law allow-
ing them to go to a foreign country.
Mr. PATTERSON. Now, let us look at
that argument.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not that so ?
Mr. PATTERSON. Where was fraud com-
mitted? Those goods were to go from Galves-
ton, Corpus Christi, and one other port on the
Texas coast to the Rio Grande; and where
was the fraud committed? Before they reached
the Rio Grande they were taken up into the
chaparral and smuggled back into Texas and
Louisiana and the southwestern States, so that
wherever the experiment has been tried it has
proved a total failure.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire permit me to ask a ques-
tion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like—-
Mr. DAVIS. One at a time, if you please.
It is my turn now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire has the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. My question is this: my honor-
able friend says there are bands of smugglers
whose business and trade are to smuggle and
defeat the revenue across the Isthmus ; I ask
are there any sncii associations between New
York and Chicago?
Mr. PATTERSON. There will be after you
have established this system that you now speak
of attempting to get through. The only reason
there are not is because the system does not
exist.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator's five minutes are up,
Mr. MORTON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of my friend from New Hampshire to the
argument I think I heard him make awhile
ago on the '' free belt;" that is, that we allowed
the goods to be transported through the United
States in bond into Mexico, which was a law-
less Government, and thenee they were smug-
gled across that vast border into the United
States. That was the argument.
Mr. CONKLING. That is true, too._
Mr. MORTON. The argument now is that
before they get out of the United States they
are smuggled.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, addressed
the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to say one
word——•
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Illinois
has already spoken more than the time allowed.
I hope the Chair will enforce the rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
recognized the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Hamilton. J
Mr. TRUMBULL. I appeal from the call
to order. I have interrupted the Senator from
New Hampshire to ask him a question, but I
have not spoken upon this amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator did speak
in reply to the Senator from Maine, and occu-
pied five minutes or thereabouts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that the Senator from Illinois has
spoken. If he has not, he is the best judge.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I interrupted the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire upon this question.
I had forgotten that 1 had said anything in
reference to the question of the amendment of
the Senator from Maine.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was not
in the recollection of the Chair that the Senator
from Illinois had spoken. The Chair had for-
gotten it. He spoke on the amendment of the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. HAMIL TON, of Maryland. The ques-
tion before the Senate, I believe, is the amend-
ment submitted by the honorable Senator from
Maine. Both the friends and enemies of the
bill appear to be in favor of that amendment.
Then why cannot we have a vote on it?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is just what I should
like to know myself.
Mr. SAWYER. Letthe amendment be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. Now, Mr. President, that
will not allow goods imported into New York
for Mobile or Charleston, or any other port
which is not an inland port, to have any such
priority as is there provided for the poris which
are really inland ports. If goods come into
New York destined for Charleston or Mobile
or Savannah, they will not be forwarded or
have that priority at all. The point to which
I wish to call the attention of the honorable
Senator from Maine is, that if he will strike
out the word "inland," and say "any other
port," it will accomplish the purpose. It will
not with the word ■' inland" in it.
Mr. SCHURZ. If the Senator from South
Carolina will permit me to make a suggestion
to him, instead of saying "inland ports" there,
I suggest to insert the words "ports designated
in the seventh section."
Mr. SAWYER. Yes; substituting for the
word "inland" the words "ports designated
in the seventh section" will accomplish the
purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Maine accept that amendment'''
Mr. HAMLIN. \es. sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I thaii
vote for this amendment; but if it. shall b.^
adopted I shall then vote against the amend-
ment as amended. The Senator irom Ne."
Hampshire is perfectly right in his statemc-ir.
V. e have suffered to the extent of ipiV-Mydd
a year for the last live years on the Texas Uor
dc-r by permuting goods to pass in bond through
