THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
people of every country. We have demon-
strated the practicability and perpetuity of a
republican form of government. Every State,
county,' and town has adopted citizens who are
constantly sending by letters information in
regard to our Government to their friends and
relatives in their native country. Besides this,
the increased facilities in the way of printing
carries all over the civilized world, in the form
of newspapers, pamphlets, and magazines,
both in our language and in other tongues, our
laws, oijr customs, and our history, so that
the people of Europe are almost as well ac-
quainted with our political institutions as we
are ourselves. A year's residence in a State
is required of a voter to give him time and
opportunity to qualify himself as a voter. If,
-under all these circumstances, only two years'
residence was required to qualify an alien to
become a voter in 1790, why require more than
one year now?
We ought to keep step with the march of
civilization; we ought to acknowledge the
progress that has been made in the political
world, and conform our action to the age in
which we live. Let us declare now that a
man is not a shrub, is not a tree, to remain
fixed to the earth where he is born, but has a
right to move from one country to another;
that he has the right to throw offhis allegiance
to any Government and become a citizen of
any other Government he may prefer.
In the State of Illinois we have a constitu-
tion under which every white male inhabitant
of that State at the time of its adoption has
the right to vote, regardless of the country of
his birth, or whether he is a citizen of the
United States or not. The people of that State
have never had reason to regret the insertion
of that clause in their constitution. I see that
the five minutes allowed me have about ex-
pired. I have not time to give at length my
reasons for opposing this bill. On the 13th
of last. December I offered a bill in this House
on this subject, which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I had hoped to
have been permitted to discuss its provisions
before a vote should be taken on the pending
bill, but I am denied that right. I have asked
permission to offer my bill as a substitute for
the one now being considered, but I am de-
nied even that privilege by the chairman of
the committee [Mr. Davis] and by the rule8
of this House. I therefore ask to be read the
bill which I offered last December, to show
what I would have passed as a law upon this
subject.
The Clerk road as follows :
A bill to establish a uniform system of naturaliza-
tion. to regulate proceedings under tho same, and
for other purposes.
lie it enactudby the Senate and lloutte of Jiepresenla-
tlDcs of the United iStutcfi of ■ lincricr, ui Conurew) uabcni-
bled, That any alien, being? a, whito person, may be-
come a citizen of tho Uniloil States on tho following
conditions: first, such alien shall declare on oath or
affirmation before some court of record having a seal
and clerk,or prothonotary of tilo United States, of
an individual State or Territory, that it is bona fuie
his intention and desiio to becomc a citizen of the
United States; that ho doth absolutely anil entirely
renounce and abjure forover all allegiance and iidel-
liy to every foreign prince, potentate, State, or sov-
ereignty whatever; and particularly by nanio tho
princo, potentate, State, or sovereignty whereof
such alien may at tho time bo a citizen or subject;
and that he will support tho Constitution of tho Uni-
ted States; which proceedings shall be rocorded by
the clerk or protlionotary of the court: Provided,
that such proceedings shall bo had in open court.
Secondly, that tho court admitting such alien shall
bo satisfied, upon the oath or affirmation of two wit-
nesses, beuigcitizens oftheUnited States, that ho has ,
been bona Me a resident of Ihe United States, and i
of the State or Territory wherein such eourtis at tho ll
tune held; and that during such residence he has !!
behaved asa manot good moral character, attached |l
to the principles of the Constitution of the United
States, and well disposed to the good order and hap-
piness of tho same; Provided, That no alien who
shall be ii^nativo citizen, denizen, or subject of any
country, State, or sovereign, with whom tho United I
States shall bo at war at the time of his application, 1
shall ba then admitted to be a citizen of the United
States.
Sec.2. Andhe it, furthercnactcd, Xhatifitbc proved
to the satisfaction of such court that such alien is
entitled to admission, the said court shall thereupon
adjudge that he be admitted to eitizenship.and enti-
tled to the rights and privileges thereof. And tho
judgment and proceedings of the court shall be re-
corded by the clerk or prothonotary of such court, in
a book or books kept for that purpose; and thorecord
shall state, in-addition to and as part of the judg-
ment of the court, tho name of tho witnesses, time
and place of birth of such alien, the period of
his residence in the United States, his business or
occupation, and also a description of the person of
such alien, his height, complexion, color of hair and
eye3.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That no alien
shall be admitted to citizenship who has been before,
the time of his application convicted of an infamous
crime, punishablo by the laws of the United States,
in any court in this or any other country, unless tho
judgment shall have been reversed or a full pardon
therefor been granted; and any judgment admitting
such alien to citizenship shall be null and void.
Sec. 4. And beit farther enacted, That m every case
where a court shall adjudge an alien entitled to bo
admitted to citizenship under the provisions of this
act, the clerk or prothonotary .of such court shall
issue to him a certificate of such adjudication, under
his official signature and the seal of the court, and
such certificate shall state all the particulars above
required to appear in tho record, and shall be legal
evidence of the facts therein stated.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That tho minor
children and the wife (being alien-born) of any alien
who shall be duly admitted to citizenship under tho
provisions of this act shall thereby become citizens
oftheUnited States; Provided, That they shall at
the time be residents of the United States; and tho
children of citizens of the United States, though born
out of the limits and jurisdiction thereof, shall be
citizens of the United States.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That all aliens,
being white persons who have heretofore been ad-
mitted to citizenship in duo form of law by<iny court
of record having a seal and clerk or prothonotary,
of the United States, or of any State or Territory,
shall be considered, and are hereby declared to be,
citizens of tho United States.
Sec. 7. And bo it further enacted, That if any per-
son shall falsely make, forgo, or counterfeit, and
cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or coun-
terfeited, any eortificato or evidence of oitizcnship
referred to in this act, or shall pass, utter, or use as
true any false, iorged, or counterfeited certificate of
citizenship or shall make salo or dispose of any cer-
tificate of citizenship to any person otier than the
person lor whom itwas originally issued and to whom
it may of right belong, every such person shall be
deemed and adjudged guilty of felony; and on being
convicted thereof, indue process of law, shall be sen-
tenced to hard labor for a period of not exceeding
five years, or bo fined in a sum not excoeding 61,000,
at the discretion of tho court taking cognizance
thereof.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all pre-
vious acts respecting naturalization bo, and the same
are lioroby, repealed.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I yield for five
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Hay.]
Mr. HAY. Mr. Speaker, under the ill-
advised rules which govern this House, equal-
ity of representation on this floor is almost
wholly destroyed, and freedom of debate is a
thing unknown even on some of the measures
most important to our constituents.
In the short time allowed me I shall not be
able to discuss the provisions of this bill. I
will simply say that if there be one distinctive
American principle which has beenrecognized,
established, and acted upon under our Govern-
ment, it is the right of expatriation, and the
duty of the Government to encourage and pro-
tect the subject or citizen of any country in the
exercise of this right. One of the leading and
most objectionable features of this bill, in my
view, is the unfriendly spirit which it indicates
toward the foreigner. It makes the act of
naturalization as difficult, as expensive, as
humiliating, as oppressive as it well could be
made by any human ingenuity. Being, there-
fore, opposed to this bill, and believing that it
is not in accord with the sentiment of the
House, I move that it be laid on the table.
Mr. MUNGEN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCHUMA.KER. I hope the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Hay] will not press his mo-
tion to lay the bill on the table at this time. I
have been seeking the floor all day for the pur-
pose of making some remarks which I would
like to deliver in justice to my constituents.
Mr. ELDIilDGE. I believe the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Finkelnbdro] assured me
awhile ago that he would yield fifteen minutes
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Schf-
maker, ]
- Mr. FINKELNBURG. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then the gentleman did
not yield the floor to the gentleman from Illi-
nois for the purpose of making a motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. DA.VIS. It seems to me it would be
very unfair to press a vote of this kind now, as
many gentlemen on the other side, as well as
on this side, have left the Hall in view of an
intimation from me that I would not call for a
vote to-night.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from Illi-
nois could not obtain the floor to move to lay
the bill on the table without the consent of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Finkelnburg.]
Mr. HAY. At the request of many gentle-
men I withdraw my motion, with the under-
standing that the motion will be renewed.
Mr. E'INKELNBURG. I now yield to the
gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Kellogg,]
that he may offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman in
charge of the bill [Mr. Davis] permit another
amendment to be offered?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I now yield fifteen
minutes to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
SCHUMAKER.]
Mr. SCHUMAKER. Mr. Speaker, this bill
is a direct stab at the rights of the emigrant
and foreigner. It has been long threatened,
and is therefore no surprise to the great mass
of our people, whom it seeks by its provisions
to humiliate and degrade. Emigration from
Europehas made this country populous, power-
ful, and rich. Were I to narrate the advantages
the foreign element has been to the United
States I only would be repeating a thrice-told
tale. All our thickly populated cities ; all our
flourishing towns; all our railroads, canals,
and the countless public edifices built by their
hands, are lasting monuments of their useful-
ness and industry. In fact, the country itself,
its success in commerce and triumph iu war,
all it has achieved in civilization and art, all
belong to our progenitors, the white people
who earlier or later came from Europe.
Mr. Speaker, this bill is wrongly entitled; it
should read, "A bill to prevent emigration and
naturalization." It is a complete block to
naturalization ; and as that is the great induce-
ment to emigration, it will not be long before
its effect would be felt in that quarter. I ven-
ture to say that under this bill, if it becomes a
law, no intelligent foreigner would come to our
shores. No man, whether he be rich or poor,
wants the vexation of a lawsuit in order to
become a citizen. The first section of this bill
provides an endless lawsuit for any person
who desires to become a citizen, and also pro-
vides, in the thirteenth section, for an action
at law to be brought against any citizen of for-
eign birth who holds a certificate of naturaliza-
tion. Just think of it; any vagabond has the
right to contest the citizenship of any or all of
the many millions of adopted citizens who have
heretofore obtained their naturalization papers.
What a stupendous system for levying black-
mail. This is a most shameful provision. It
cannot be possible that, even with all the hatred
the Republican party have for our adopted
citizens, this provision could have been insert-
ed in this bill, with a full understanding of its
iniquity. ^ I choose to believe rather that it
was hastily and carelessly drawn without con-
sidering the bad ends its provisions entail.
In section three the probationary clause of
this bill, which puts the adopted citizen for six
months after the judgment of the court on pro-
bation, is a most ridiculous provision. This
should be called the Greeley-Tribune provision,
as Mr. Greeley is its honored parent. He in
the constitutional convention of the State of
New York, in 18G6, proposed a similar pro-
vision in our State constitution ; but his term
of probation was only one month. This com-
mittee have enlarged Mr. Greeley's idea just
six times; and I frankly admit that there is
just as much reason for hanging up a man's
