1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43?
41st Gong....2d Sess.
Currency Bill—Mr. Cox.
Ho. op Reps.
men who almost two hundred years ago began
their work of beneficence among the Indians
of North America, and the names of some of
whom still linger about the headwaters of the
Mississippi. I shall speak not of the labors
of De Sinet in our own day. I abstain from all
that contention. I rejoice that so many of the
Christian denominations have done so much for
the Indians and for humanity—so much more
than has been accomplished without them—
whether they are Quakers or Catholics, Meth-
odists or Presbyterians, Episcopalians or Bap-
tists, or any other of the many denominations
of the Christian world.
I do not underrate the difficulties of the
policy which the Government has undertaken.
We have seen enough in this debate to under-
stand that the sentiment of the country is by
no means united in favor of that policy. "I
hope, however, that whether our people east
or west of the Mississippi are friendly to the
policy or unfriendly, they will at least give
it a fair trial. We know how disastrous the
results of our policy thus far have been. The
Senator from Maine, the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, [Mr. Morkill,]
startled us, and must have startled the country,
by his declaration that within seven years there
had been spent directly or indirectly, by reason
of troubles with the Indians on the plains or in
connection with them, §140,000,000. And for
what?
As a mere financial question, to say not a
word of the humane or the Christian view of it,
nothing can be worse, nothing can be more of
a failure than our previous policy. Let us
try a new policy; let us give it a fair trial.
Let these men of peace, with all their histor-
ical and most enviable fame for disinterested
devotion to works of benevolence, deal with
these tribes. I do not say that our military
forces should be withdrawn. By no means.
They should rather be strengthened at all neces-
sary points. I would have it well understood
by the wild tribes of the plains that besides
the moral forces of kindness and humanity rep-
resented by these men of peace and good will
there is also the military power of a great peo-
ple able and ready to enforce order. I think
the new policy so directed and so sustained
will in time produce good results.
That is what I hope and expect. What I
know is that we owe it to ourselves and to our
good name as a people to give to this policy a
full, fair, patient trial. Without that we shall
not stand justified before the enlightened con-
science of Christendom if we shall hereafter
find ourselves compelled into harsh, perhaps
sanguinary measures.
So far as the present amendment is concerned
the objects of the expenditure proposed are
such as to eommcndthemselves to me; and as
a mere question of money expenditure, perhaps
it does not warrant the extended debate which
hasarisenuponit. Thedebatehasnotbeenwith-
out its uses, for it has brought out a discussion
of views which cannot fail, I think, to be bene-
ficial.
Currency Bill.
SPEECH OP HON. S. S. COX,
of new york,
In the House of Representatives,
June 7, 1870.
The House having under consideration the bill
(U. E. No. 2045) to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes—
Mr. COX said:
Mr. Speaker: So many are the relations of
the people to this Federal Government that
every word, even of the humblest member,
lias its emphasis in matters of finance. On
such subjects I find upon my files, as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency, some two score of bills, Senate and
House, pertaining to our fiscal affairs. It
would be more gratifying to see this exhibition
of congressional travail if the Quality of the
offspring was equal to the number. To these
bills is to be appended the bill for funding,
yesterday reported by and referred back to the
Ways and Means. All these bills have two
main objects: first, to increase the amount
and alter the character of our currency; and
second, fund the debt. These objects are not
necessarily, either in their primary or incidental
relations, of such near kinship as to be bound
together like Siamese twins. But as gentle-
men have so regarded them, in bills and debate,
I propose to consider them together, even if
in the process the formal ligature is severed.
The House instructed our committee to re-
port $45,000,000 more of currency. What
land it did not. in its wonderful wisdom, instruct
us. The bill was presented by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Ingeksoll.]
Mr. INGEliSOLL. The gentleman will
allow me to make a correction. I introduced
a resolution directing the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency to report a bill increasing the
legal-tender currency of the country to the ex-
tent of forty-four or forty-five million dollars.
It was afterward amended so as to read " cir-
culating currency."
Mr. COX. Yes, sir ; our committee could
not tell for some time what sort of a currency
wo were to report. Some were for national
bank currency, some for legal tender, and I
was for gold and silver, as I am yet. Our
committee found in their room a bill called
Senate bill No. 378, for §45,000,000 and "coin
notes," and to equalize the distribution of
circulating notes. Many features of this bill
are reported by the honorable chairman of my
committee [Mr. Garfield] in his bill now
under consideration. Our committee have
reported for $95,000,000 of national notes for
circulation, and have provided a funding system
with new bonds, novel and untaxable.
While commenting on this bill I must refer to
other cognate measures. I am opposed to the
issue of any more national bank notes. If I
could, I would repeal the present authoriza-
tion and system. I would, since we must have
paper for money, prefer the greenbacks, if
redeemable, on principles of safety as well as
economy. Of that hereafter. In all that I may
say, my committee understand, as the House
may if it chooses, that it is my deliberate judg-
ment, aftermuch study, thatall yourmeasures,
even your most matured, are mere makeshifts,
cowardly, timid, halting devices to avoid the
one "heroic remedy," which this Congress has
not had the skill or courage to apply, to wit,
resume specie payments. You owe it to the
people to give them back their gold and silver.
The Supreme Court have told you the legal
relations of this question. Chambers of com-
merce and enlightened economists have given
experience and philosophy to guide you. The
history of the legal tender will show you a
large account of broken promises, which you
will have yet to pay. The people of both par-
ties, who are not bankers or speculators, bond-
holders or gold gamblers, believe that pre-
liminary to all relief, the sine qua non of all
finance legislation is resumption. I am happy
in having near me as a hearer Colonel Steb-
bins, of New York city, who was a prominent
financier here in 1862, when the legal-tender
act was passed. I think he gives me his acqui-
escence as well as his kind attention.
GOLD AND SILVER.
You may tinker and tinker ; you may expand
or contract; you may crawl or jump ; you may
worry and work, but all your labor is iu vain
if you do not pursuethe resolution which I had
the honor to offer to an indifferent House on
the 20th of December last. It is as follows:
" ResolwA, That among the evils growing out of the
late civil war is that of an irredeemable paper cur-
rency; that it is one of the highest duties of the
Government to secure to the citizens a medium of
exchange of fixed and unvarying value; and that
this implies a return to a specie basis, and no sub-
stitute for it can be devised ; that it should foe com -
menced now and reached at the earliest practicable
moment.
I do not consider this resolution as peculiarly
emphatic because it is copied from General
Grant's annual message. Youhavedisregarded
about all that he recommended, including this;
but this is a solution, because it represents the
solid sense of the nation, which Congress and
the President, in their schemes and jobs, seem
latterly to ignore.
The other side of this House owe it to
the nation to resume specie payments. You
promised, and you broke faith. You passed
a, law against expansion and for a contrac-
tion of $4,000,000 per month. You began
well; Mr. McCulloch recommended and j'ou
approved. Yet you had not the courage to
carry out your law. You quailed before the
elections. Ah ! you repealed the law.
the currency, gold xotes, etc.
The Senate bill (No. 378) from which the
bill before us is taken, proposes to issue S45,-
000,000 of additional bank notes, and retire an
equal amount of three per cent. Treasury cer-
tificates. Our bill also redeems and cancels
these three per cents. This is objectionable,
because it will increase the already redundant
currency.
It is said that the withdrawal of the three
per cents. >will be tantamount to the issue of
the new national bank notes, and therefore
there will be no expansion; but this does not
follow, because the banks will not be likely to
retain $45,000,000 of their notes in place of
the three per cents. They have at present a
surplus of $48,000,000, and consequently can
continue the same amount of circulation and
yet have the requisite legal reserve. At pres-
ent the banks, as they are drawing interest on
a part of their reserve, readily hold a large
amount; when they lose the interest on the
whole of it they will not keep so large a sur-
plus. Persons fully conversant with banking
believe that such will be the result.
If this be so, then there would be an abso-
lute expansion of the circulation. Under the
Senate bill it will be $45,000,000.
But in addition to this, the effective cur-
rency would be still further inflated by the
bank credits or deposits which the new banks
would create. At the present time thenational
banks, with their $300,000,000 of circulation,
grant discounts to such an extent that their
deposits amount (October 9, 1809,) to over
§523,000,000, and they were in July of last
year $574,000,000.
If the new banks create as large a propor-
tion of these credits or deposits, which are as
effective in expansion as the notes themselves,
and there is no reason why they should not,
their deposits will amount to $78,000,000.
This will increase the immediate liabilities of
the whole banking system, as will bo seen by
the following statement:
Present circulation, (OtoberS) $293,593,01s
Present deposits  523,028,191)
Immediate liabilities SS1G,612,135
The batiks hold of—
L.egal tenders  $35,810,022
'.three per cent, certificates  45,845,00)
Specie  23,002*105
Immediate resources §151,057,427
or nineteen per cent, of immediate resources.
When the new banks get into full operation
the situation will bo essentially as follows:
Present liabilities, as above ^810,612,135
Now liabilities, turiency ^45,000,000
Deposits  78,000,0110
  123,000,000
8939,012,135
Increased expansion S123.OOi.ViOO
