1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3339
meiiced. I believe it is not calculated to ooat
that much the first year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If there is
any Senator here who lias no memory for the
past, I say God help him. The memories of
the past are alone what saved this capital dur-
ing ihe last struggle. It was not a strategic
point in a military point of view. It was the
precious memories that clustered about here,
aruund (he heads of all our ancient statesmen.
All the archives of theGovernment are lodged
here. All the historical reminiscences of the
past, legislative, executive, and judicial, are
located here. When we lose the prestige of
that, I say to the Senator from iowa we are
in more peril than we ever were from seces-
sion. When we shall dislocate our memories
from what centers hereat this place, and remove
our capital to a new and far-off location from
what it now occupies, then I say we shall en-
counter some danger, nnd not till theu.
But, sir, I do not suppose that this is con-
tested asa serious question, I do not so regard
it at the present time. I regard it as an effort
pervadingasiuall, nil infinitely small partof our
couutry in comparison with the whole, i know
of no place where it exists except in sporadic
spots hi Iowa and in Missouri, and possibly
in Illinois, and there it has been stimulated
mainly by one peripatetic propagandist.
Mr. President, this is a plain and simple
proposition, merely for the accommodation at
the present time of the State Department. We
only propose to appropriate $500,000 this year,
and it" gentlemen desire to contest the matter
nest year they will have abundant opportunity.
Then we shall propose enough to complete the
building, if we should live and be here. But
at the present time all that is asked is $500,000
to commence this bailding, the necessity for j
which is obvious to every Senator. As 1 said :
when 1 rose, I protest against raising a great I
debate upon a small matter. 1 hope that we
shall at least pass upon this question without
consuming a large amount of time. I am
perfectly willing, so far as I am concerned, to
take the question without a further consump-
tion of time, although i am quite read; to allow
any gentleman to reply to what I have said.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 wish to ascertain whether
this appropriation has been recommended by
any committee of this body?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It has been,
hy the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and notice of it was given, and the
amendment is printed.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not think that at the
present time there is a very pressing necessity
for commencing a new State Department
building. If I understand it rightly the State
Department is tolerably well accommodated
now in the Orphan Asylum building which it
occupies. I wish to inquire of the honorable
Senator from Vermont if he is able to inform
the Senate what the Government is paying in
the shape of rent for the use of that building ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. ,We are now
paying $10,000 rent, and the lease will soon
expire, and then we shall be at the mercy of
the proprietors.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, sir, I hardly think
it worth while at present to coipmence the
building of a new State Department. I think
the rate of rent which we are paying for the
building in question isquite too high, so far as
I am able to judge of its value. If it is desirable
that a building at a lower rent should be pro-
cured i'ot the use of the State Department I
think it may be iu this city without, much incon-
veuieuce ; but at present it strikes me we had
better not increase the expenses of the Gov-
ernment beyoud what is absolutely necessary.
1 he people are already complaining seriously
under the weight of taxation, and we ought,
if possible, speedily to lighten their burdens so
far as is practicable. Let us not undertake to
do too much during our own generation. We
are to have posterity who will be just as able
to carry on the affairs of this Government and
pay its debt® as we ace. Let us not undertake
to pay off the whole of the national debt, for
instance, during this generation. Posterity
will do their share, and do it as willingly as we
have done ours. We have performed our task
with admirable fidelity, at least to the great
cause of liberty and popular Government; and
for one I am willing to trust something to the
future. At all events, I do not now see the
necessity of undertaking the.enterprise which
is contemplated by this amendment. I think
we can get on very well for a few years to come,
until at least the burden of the internal revenue
is somewhat lightened without going into this
expense.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have no
desire to enter on the great themes that have
been opened to-night by the distinguished Sen-
ators around me.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator does not refer,
to rae, 1 am sure, as I have opened no new
theme.
Mr. SUMNER. You are one of them.
Then there is the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Howell,] and the Senator frotn Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart,] each of whom has presented to the
Senate what I would, call the larger propor-
tions of this question. 1 wish to say just one
word in reply to my friend from Michigan
[Mr. Howard] on the question of necessity.
He thinks there is no occasion for a building
now. The necessity has been demonstrated by
my friend from Vermont in introducing this
proposition; but having some acquaintance
with this building ever since the Department
has occupied it, and knowing also something
of the necessities of the Department, I am
bound to say that the building i3 grossly inad-
equate. In the first place, it is merely a tin-
der-box. There is nothing except the con-
stant watch and ward that is kept there that
saves it from being burned to the ground any
night. A spark entering it might touch it off.
It is filled with papers, the archives of this
Republic. If we have any papers of value,
any that are most worthy of preservation, they
are there, and all. of them exposed to this
relentless element.
Then it is at a distance, more thau a mile
removed from ajl the active walks of the cap-
ital.
Mr. HOWARD. Two miles.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend says two miles.
So much the worse. It is out of the way. It
ought to be, as was observed, near the Pres-
ident's House.
Then it is a hired building. It does not
belong to the Government, and the Senator
who finds that we pay too high a rent for it
says we can easily hnd another building. To
that I answer that it is within my knowledge
that when the Department was carried there
a most earnest effort was made to find another
buildiug, but without success. There is no
other building now to be had in Washington
which would be adequate to the purpose.
I therefore come back to the necessity of
the case. I avoid embarking on those great
themes. I leave those to others, to the elo-
quent Senators, the orators of the Chamber.
I content myself with pressing upon the Sen-
ate the absolute necessity of the case. The
Department of State in our political hierarchy
ranks as the first of the Departments. It is
named first in the legislation of the country,
and the head of the Department, as you atl
know, is the first among the advisers of the
President; and yet that Department ra with-
out any home at the national capital. It was
dislodged, as you know, and its building de-
stroyed iu order to make way for the Treasury
Department; and since then it has been no
better than a vagabond living in an orphan
asylum. [Laughter.] And now my friend from
Michigan wishes to turn it out of that to get
cheaper quarters. It is in an orphan asylum,
and my friend from Michigan wants it to find
something still cheaper, [laughter;] or he
would turn it into the street.
Mr. NYE. He wants to put it in an alms-
house.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says he wants
to put it in an almshouse. It would have to go
to an almshouse to find anything cheaper.
[Laughter.] Now, Mr. President, I think we
had better come back to the proposition of the
committee, and discarding all the lofty and
most suggestive topics which have been intro-
duced iuto the debate, simply vote on the prop-
osition.
Mr. HOWELL. I claim the floor for a mo-
ment. 1 do not propose to be put down either
by sarcasm or irony. When I take a position
here I propose to maintain it against all comers
to the extent of my ability. I know that econ ■
omy either in money or in lands is not very
popular in this body. If I had had the for-
tune to be here as long as the Senators who
ridicule economy and who ridicule the preser-
vation of the public lands for the benefit of the
people, probably I should not appreciate econ-
omy in these respects any more than they do.
They must therefore attribute it to the fault
of my education, not having had the benign
influences of those Senators to mold and fash-
ion me into their views as yet.
In regard to the question of this appropri-
ation, the Senator from Vermont says that
he wants $500,000 now anyhow, and then the
question as to how much more shall be appro-
priated can come up properly next year. That
is not the way to go to work to build a house,
either as pointed out by Scripture or as known
to the practical men of our day. It is proper
first to make your plan, and count the cost,
and then to go to work and erect a building.
I want to know beforehand what kind of a
building I am voting for here before I vote an
appropriation. I am not willing to leave it to
the future to designate the character of the
building for which 1 shall vote an appropriation
of $500,000 to night or to-morrow.
Mr. MORIllLL, of Vermont. I will say to
the Senator that the committee have taken all
the pains which lie indicates to ascertain that
precise information. We have had a plan made;
we have had a careful estimate made; and I
will say to the Senator that the last building
put up here by the Government did not exceed
the estimated expense. I refer to the building
for the Agricultural Department. I have great
confidence in the gentleman who made the
present estimate, that it will not exceed his
estimate, for he is rather an extravagant man
in making estimates.
Mr. HOWELL. Then the Senator's remark
in regard to the appropriation now of $500,000,
and deciding a year hence in regard to what
further appropriations may be necessary, was
not in accordance with the plan which has been
agreed upon by the committee, as I understand
him.
Mr. MOERILL, of Vermont. Certainly, it
is. I stated that it would cost probably some-
thing over a million dollars—from a million to
a million and a quarter of dollars—for this
building; but all tnat could be profitably ex-
pended this year was about half a million,
which is all we ask for.
Mr. HOWELL. Then I wish it understood
that my idea on this subject is that we should
get along at present, in the universally ac-
knowledged embarrassed condition of financial
affairs in this country, without making even
an appropriation of $500,000 to inaugurate a
building which is to cost several times that
amount hereafter. I base it on the ground, in
the first place, that we do not need it at present
as much as we need to do justice to those who
have claims upon this Government, and to do
justice to those who are ground down with the
heavy taxation which we have imposed upon
them, and which we are continuing to impose
upon them.
There is no desire, as I have gathered since
I came here, for economy, for the retrench-
ment and reform which we have promised in
financial matters. I wish to see some indica-
