2396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
declare is inadmissible and anti-republican.
How have they done it? They have proceeded
to elect Foster Blodgett a Senator from Geor-
gia for the term of six years, and to take his
seat—mark it—on the 4th day of March, 1871.
They have elected him to take liis seat in this
body from the 4tb day of March, 1871, for the
term of sis years. They have no right to elect
him under the Constitution of the United States
and the laws of Congress, unless they are the
last Legislature elected before the 4th of March,
' 1871. That is clear. Now, they can only be-
come the last, Legislature elected before the 4th
of March, 1871, by prolonging their term, by
preventing an election next November. Here
is this Legislature that has thus said right in
your teeth, in face of your Federal Constitu-
tion, in face of your law passed to regulate the
election of Senators, "We make ourselves the
last Legislature elected before the 4th of March,
1871, and in the exercise of that power, given
to us as the last Legislature electcd before the
4th of March, 1871, we appoint a man to take
his seat among you, Senators, commencing his
term on the 4th of March, 1871." What more
do you want? There is their declaration, their
intention to give to this constitution an inter-
pretation which the Senator from West Vir-
ginia and myself agree would make it, anii-
republicau in form.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to direct the atten-
tion of the Senator from Ohio to this proposi-
tion: the Bingham amendment goes further
than simply to eonstruo the constitution of
Georgia; it undertakes to do something to
Georgia, or it undertakes to declare what
Georgia shall positively do before any contin-
gency actually arises demanding or justifying
the actual interposition of the authority of the
United States. Tlie amendment which I pro-
posed I thought obviated that difficulty. It
does what I agree with the Senator from Ohio
we properly may do, simply construe or ex-
press our opinion as to the proper construction
of the constitution of Georgia; and it notifies
the State of what it may expect, but avoids—
1 may be charged with being technical in the
matter—assuming to do a positive act, stretch-
ing forward the arm and the authority of the
United States into the future of the State and
saying distinctly and definitely, " You must
stop there; you must do this." Wo interpose
here beforehand our authority to interpret and
decide upon the duty of the Legislature of
Georgiaunder its own constitution, i think that
is exercising a very high power.
Now, as to the question of the election of
Foster Blodgett, as to the intimation, the indi-
cation of the act to which the Senator alludes,
which has already been done by the Legisla-
ture of Georgia, there is no necessity for us at
this time to interpose the authority of the Uni-
ted States. My opinion is that all wo have to
do in regard to Foster Blodgett is, when lie
comes here with his credentials and claims a
seat under that election, to declare that he is
not .entitled to a seat. 1 ti that way we can
obviate, in that way we can avoid the evils of
this illegal and unwarrantable exercise of au-
thority on the part of the Legislature of Geor-
gia, and prevent any actual effect from the
exercise of the power by the Legislature of
Georgia. Ifow do we know now that their
Legislature will be extended beyond the year
1S70?
Mr. THUKMAN. Nov/, if my friend will
give mo his attention I think I can convince
him that there is something more than that. I
grant that if Foster Blodgett present his cre-
dentials here, whether this Legislature attempts
to usurp power or not, we are bound to reject
him, because lie is not chosen by the Legisla-
ture last elected, in pursuance of the constitu-
' tion of Georgia, before bis term commences ;
and whatever this Legislature may do, whether
it attempts to perpetuate its power by usurpa-
tion or whether it does not, in either event if
the Senate of the United States is true to itself,
to the Constitution and the law, it is bound to
reject that man ; mid God grant that it may
do so.
But here is what I wish to call the attention
of my friend to: if this Legislature had already
passed a law postponing the election from No-
vember next until 1872, and thus given to its
constitution an interpretation that would make
it anti-republican in form, the Senator will
admit that we who are bound to guaranty that
interpretation which makes it, republican in
form, and without which it cannot be repub-
lican in form, would be bound to interfere; so
that it is merely a question of time and of pru-
dence. Now, how is the fact likely to be?
Will the rejection of Foster Blodgett settle the
whole question? By no means. This Congress
will adjourn perhaps about the 1st of July.
That Legislature can be called together in ses-
sion at any time Governor Bullock sees fit to
call it. This Congress will not resume its ses-
sion until the first Monday in December next.
Thero will bo an interval between <Sur sessions
of five months. For five months Congress will
not bo in sessiou, and in precisely those five
months this Legislature may meet and may
pass a law to postpone the election until 1872.
Then, when we meet hero in December, what
can wc do ? We cannot then order an election
to be held in November pursuant to the con-
stitution, and as we say the constitution re-
quires, for that month will have passed by.
We will be perfectly powerless. They will
have us completely in their toils.
I say to Senators if you adjourn, as ad-
journ you will by the 1st of July, or some
time in ,1 uly, before you meet here again on
the Cth of December that Legislature now in
existence in Georgia will have postponed the
election until 1872, and when you meet, you
will bo wholly powerless to remedy that evil.
You cannot then vindicate the constitution of
Georgia by ordering an election under the con-
stitution, for the time of election under the
constitution, November, 1870, will have gone
by. That is what reconciles me in the face of
this attempted usurpation by this Legislature,
of which they have given us notice by the elec-
tion of Blodgett, to a positive declaration, as
this Bingham amendment is, that there shall
be an election in November or such other
time in the year 1870 as the Legislature may
declare.
Suppose you pass this bill in that way, and
it receives the approval of the President of the
United States, will they dare disobey it? Dare
they then disobey it? Will not the people of
Georgia then have the right peaceably to as-
semble and hold an election? And then if
Governor Bullock with his militia shall under-
take, as we hear it threatened here—a militia
avowedly gotten up to keep law and order, but
really premeditated to deter Democrats and
Conservatives from going to the polls; a mili-
tia of bandits, not a militia of law and order—
if he shall with such a militia as that attempt
to prevent the people from holding the election
which their constitution guaranties tbem the
right to hold, and which Congress says they
may hold, then we shall see whether the Pres-
ident of the United States will allow the Con-
stitution and the law to be ridden down and
trampled under foot.
Senators, it is of no use to mince this matter.
This is simply an attempt at usurpation in
Georgia, as plain and flagrimt an attempt at
usurpation as over marked the eoursc of any
men in this world who were seeking power by
illegitimate means ; and if you adjourn without
passing this bill substantially in the form it is,
so farasthis Bingham ainendmentis concerned,
if you leave them room and verge enough in any
way whatsoever to accomplish their purpose,
relying upon being supported in their bad acts,
relying upon the influence they can bring to
bear by these manufactured stories of violence,
by these stereotyped falsehoods upon their own
people, by this very incarnation of the spirit
of lies, they will come here at the next session
of Congress and ask you to sanction their
usurpation, or, if not that, to ask you, " Pray,
what can you do about it?"
Take one course or the other, Senators.
Stand by this constitution according to its true
meaning; stand by it according to that inter-
pretation which makes it consistent with the
Constitution of the United States; and if you
stand by it in that way let your will be- made
known, and let it bo made known in suet a
manner that it can become effective. If you
are not prepared to do that, if you are prepared
to see constitution, and law, and republican
government, and republican ideas, and repub-
lican principles trampled under foot by a set
of adventurers usurping power in one of the
States of this Union ; if that is the sanction
you wish to give, then, for God's sake, be bold
about it and say so in plain and unequivocal
words. Do not mince the matter ; do not
dodge the matter; do not deal in equivocations
or dubious words. Speak truth or speak false-
hood.
I have alluded to the charges of violence that
are made. I am amazed to hear the declarations
made on this floor by Senators who pride them-
selves upon the reconstruction acts as the very
consummation and acme of human wisdom.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
this morning has said to the Senate iahis placo,
and on his responsibility as a Senator, that
thero have been igore assassinations in the
South since Lee's surrender than there were
men lost on any field of stricken battle during
the four years of the war. I confess my
amazement at hearing such a declaration. If
that is true there has been anarchy at tlie
South ever sinec 18GG.
The Senator gets up here and tells us that
thero has been no protection for life or lib-
erty or property in southern States for four
years; and yet in those four years thoso south-
ern States have raised a crop of cotton but for
which your greenbacks would this day not be
worth more than sixty cents on the dollar.
They have raised a crop of cotton that has
nearly brought you to specie payments, and if
you get to specie payments by this time next
year it will be because the cotton crop of 1870
will be as successful as the cotton crop of 1809
and 1808. And yet a country that can do such
a thing as that; a country through which rail-
roads are now being made at the rate of more
than a thousand miles a year; a country which
is prospering, as everybody admits, and fast
regaining its lost wealth and its lost capital,
we aro told, is a country in which there is no
security for life, for liberty, or for property 1
The statement is sufficient in itself to be its
own refutation.
Sir, whenever there is any scheme particu-
larly wrong; whenever there is any project in
Congress that shocks the human mind ; when-
ever such a thing is to be perpetrated, as a
prelude to it or as preparatory to it, we have
this rub-a-dub-dub about outrages in the South.
Wo have no such thing about outrages in the
North, and yet thero is not a Senator on this
floor, perhaps, but saw in the month of Febru-
ary last a detailed list in almost every news-
paper in the city of New York in regard to
murders in that city and its vicinity. And what
did that detailed list show? It showed a mur-
der or a homicidal assault for every day of Jan-
uary in the city of New York and its vicinity,
and on some days more than one; one day
three murders outright. Thero in the great
city of the country, in the city which is the
pride of the nation, in the city that has more
churches, more schools, more institutions of
learning, more wealth, more civilization than
any place else, tho murders are by the day;
and yet you hear nothing about outrages in the
city of New York!
What has been tho effect, pray, of your re-
construction measures, if this is true? You
have had the South under the heel of military
men, with the right to try citizens by military
commission, and to sentence them to death by
military commission, untrammeled by juries.
