1869.,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
lies at our doors. It commands the approach to the
Gulf of Mexico, which washes the shores of five of
our-States., :It barci the entrance of that great river
Wfaich drains half' the North American continent
and with it# tributaries form's the largest system of
internal water communication in the world. It
keeps wa tch at the doorway of, our intercourse with
California by the .Isthmus route. If an island like
Cuba, belonging to-tire'Spanish Grown, guarded the
•entrance to the Thames and theSeihe and the United
Statesshould propose?%oonrentiort 1-ikathis to France
ous than that whitsh 'we -asked them to assume.
"The opinions of American statesmen at different
times and under varying circumstances have differed
as to the desirableness of the acquisition of Cuba by
the United States.' Territorially and commercially
it would in our hands be an extremely valuable pos-
session. Under certain contingencies it might be
almost essential to onr safety. Still for domestic
reasons, on which in' a communication of this kind
it might not be proper to dwell, the President thinks
th'at the incorporation of the island into the Union
at the present time, although eft'ectcd with the con-
sent of Spain, would be a hazardous measure; and
he would consider its acquisition by force, except in
a just war with Spain, should an event so greatly to
be deprecated take place, as a disgrace to the civil-
ization of the age."—Senate Documents, second session
Thirty-Second Congress, pp. 17,18.
Fortunately the "domestic reasons" why the
incorporation of. Cuba into the Union might
at that time havg been a "hazardous measure"
no longer exist, Slavery has ceased to divide
our own country into hostile sections, and no
longer binds our hands in dealing with foreign
nations; and the abolition of slavery by the
constitution of the young republic of Cuba has
smoothed the way to a union as proper as it
would be profitable between us and that natur-
ally favored but politically cursed community.
Spain insists, and the President in his mes-
sage expresses the opinion, that the condition
of things in Cuba does not amount to a state
of war. The President may have information
upon this subject not possessed by the public,
and as a resolution of the Senate has already
called for that information I should wait for it
but that the emergency is passing and the gun-
boats referred toin the resolution will probably
depart from the United States, unless Congress
shall interfere, before the information called for
by the resolution can be furnished to the Senate.
To determine whether the condition of things
in Cuba amounts to a state of war as under-
stood by the law of nations involves two pro-
cesses : I. An ascertainment of the facts of the
case; and 2. An application of the law of
nations to the facts ascertained.
Spain is in diplomatic relations with this
country and has its representatives in Wash-
ington. Cuba possesses no such facility for
presenting her view of the case for our consid-
eration. Congress, whether it shall speak or
remain silent, must form its conclusions upon
facts obtained-only from popular sources, be-
cause the official representations of Spain to
the executive branch of our Government can-
not be regarded as entirely impartial. They
are presented in the warm coloring of an advo-
cate, not in the cold light favorable to a correct
judgment.
What, then, is meant by " a state of war?"
During the late rebellion the question was
discussed in Parliament of the propriety of
Great Britain's providing for the protection of
her possessions upon this continent. And a
leader in the Government said he had not the
slightest hope Parliam ent would ever make such
preparations, he would not say as would be
commensurate to a war or even a campaign,
but he would predict that Parliament would
never send to Canada such a force as might be
necessary for a single battle as General Grant
conducted battles. Of course if we are to look
to our recent experience for the tests of war,
then war does not exist in Cuba. And it is
not impossible that in saying that war does
not exist in Cuba our distinguished President
may have allowed his recollections of the war,
in which he bore so conspicuous a part and
won so deserved a fame—a war in which a
million of men were subject to his orders, and
where more men were slain in a single battle
than Napoleon led in his first campaign into
Italy—too great an influence in determining the
legal status of affairs in Cuba. But it is certain
that in a legal sense, in the sense in which the
phrase is employed by writers on public law,
whenever civil administration is so far ob-
structed by a systematic revolt that the laws
cannot be enforced by civil officers and the
Government is compelled to resort to the mili-
tary power to sustain its authority, then a
state of war exists. Without taking time to
fortify this proposition, which I presume will
not be denied, let us inquire what are the facts
in relation to Cuba?
As I have already observed, Cuba not hav-
ing been recognized as an independent Power
cannot send diplomatic agents to this country ;
but she has done what she had the right to do:
she has sent to the United States agents—as
we sent agents to the nations of Europe before
we were recognized by them—to represent the
true condition of things; who are entitled to
the respect which is due to men of probity and
personal honor in private as well as in public
stations; and they inform us what, judging
from popular information daily furnished to onr
people by the press, I believe to be the truth
upon this subject; and this information, with-
out pretending to any personal knowledge of
its entire accuracy, is well worth investigation,
to say the least of it, before we permit that to
be done which, if the information should turn
out to be true, would amount to a plain viola-
tion of the neutrality to which this Government
is solemnly bound, not only by the law of
nations properly considered, but bound by our
own carefully composed and solemnly enacted
laws in that behalf, to which I shall hereafter
advert.
When the present rebellion in Cuba com-
menced her entire population amounted to
about fourteen hundred thousand.
Of those there wore of Spaniards, about  80,000
Spanish troops, about  20,000
Spanish marines, about  6,000
Total 106,000
That is, out of fourteen hundred thousand
inhabitants all but one hundred and six thou-
sand were native Cubans. Since 1822 the
island has substantially been governed by mar-
tial law. The Governor General is the govern-
ment ; his will is the law. For exercising these
combined functions of the legislature, the judi-
ciary,and the executive, which combined in one
man are the very consummation of despotism,
the Governor General receives a salary of
$50,000 in gold, and fees and perquisites
amounting to about $50,000 more. The super-
intendent of finance, the deputy extortioner
of the Governor General, receives a salary of
$18,000 besides fees.
The chief justice and thirteen principal
judges for deciding what they are commanded
to receive salaries as follows: the chief jus-
tice $10,000, and the other judges compensa-
tion varying from four to six thousand dollars.
The entire expense of civil and military admin-
istration prior to the rebellion was about
thirty-five million dollars in gold per annum ;
of which about six millions was annually paid
to Spain as a royalty. In addition to this reg-
ular and annual extortion Cuba is subject from
time to time to such occasional and eccentric
exactions as may suit the mother country to
demand. The entire cost of the expedition to
Mexico under General Prim in connection
with the British and French forces was levied
upon Cuba, amounting to about ten millions,
and the entire cost of subjugating San Domingo
by Spain, from 1863 to 1865, amounting to
about twenty-two millions, Cubawas compelled
to pay.^ For more than forty years, with rare
exceptions, not a Cuban has held an office
under the Government. The people have no
voice in electing their rulers excepting a par-
tial voice, always capable of being defeated by
the Government, in the election of municipal
officers in towns or cities. For the protection
of his dearest rights of liberty, life, and prop-
erty the Cuban has no safeguard except in the
long sufferance and forbearing charity of a
Spaniard.
The Cubans are now struggling to throw off
this unendurable tyranny. They have appealed
to the God of battles in vindication of the in-
alienable right of man to self-government. Of
the inhabitants within the district now con-
trolled by the revolutionists about one hun-
dred and five thousand are capable of bearing
arms. Of this number from twenty to thirty
thousand are now actually in military array
commanded by officers appointed by the Cuban
republic, and but for the difficulty of obaining
arms the number which would instantly take
the field would exceed those already under
arms.
It is claimed and represented that a large
district of the island, capable of exact delin-
eation and geographical description, is held by
the patriots, and can only be entered by the
Spaniards by military force ; and that in this
district there exists a regular -government
established by the Cubans, and which is in
regular administration except when disturbed
by military operations; that it has a constitu-
tion, a judicial force actually exercising the
functions which pertain to the office of judge,
that it has a regular postal system, and that a
vast majority of the inhabitants of this district
pay habitual obedience to its commands; that
it has a flag and an organized army; that bat-
tles have been fought, towns besieged, and
other acts of war committed by the Cubans
under command of officers appointed by the
new government; that messages under flags
of truce have been exchanged, and that reg-
ular warfare is now being carried on in the
island to support the constitution of the repub-
lic of Cuba, and these facts have been shown
by competent evidence in judicial proceedings
hereafter to be mentioned.
The constitution of the young republic of
Cuba emancipates all slaves, and the contest
of arms now going on to support that consti-
tution involves the liberty or slavery of all who
were slaves when the war broke out. This
feature appeals strongly to our sympathies
and constitutes an irresistible claim of right to
our observing an honest neutrality if we can-
not aid the Cubans. And I beseech the learned
Senator from Massachusetts, the chairman of
our Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom
this resolution may be referred, whose voice
was clearest and sweetest of the chorus of
liberty in the early morn, to lend his experi-
enced ear to the cry of humanity that comes
up from this island of the sea. The weight of
his influence to-day might pluck another jewel
from the crown of despotism and release other
thousands threatened with the master's lash
and rebelling against the clanking chain.
I cannot express how much I regret that
some step has not already been taken upon this
subject by that honorable and honored Senator.
But there are truths so mighty that if men hold
their peace the stones will cry out; and it is
the silence of that Senator that leads me to
now address the Senate. We have happily
escaped from the curse of human slavery our-
selves, but as benevolence is stayed by no bar-
rier of nature, acknowledges no limits of human
doniinion, we cannot blameless remain indif-
ferent spectators to such a contest within gun-
shot of our own shores.
Before coming to the facts in relation to
these gun-boats let me examine for a moment
the^ doctrine of neutrality under the law of
nations^and then the American doctrine upon
this subject; and first of all a word in relation
to what branch of our Government has the
right to recognize the belligerency of two Pow-
ere as to each ether, or belligerency between
an independent recognized Power and its rebel-
ling subject.
In speaking of the branches of our Govern-
ment we number three, the legislative, judicial,
and executive; but all sovereign powers pos-
sessed by the Government fall into two classes,
political and judicial. The political power is
