THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
^S. No. 663) to extend,the time for completing
a. railroad between Madison and Portage City,
arid giving construction to the act of Congress
.granting lands to the State of Wisconsin to aid
in jmilding railroads, reported it with an amend-
ment.
He .also, from the same committee, to whom
was-referred the bill (S. No. TOO) for the relief
of Lucas, Dickinson, and other counties in the
State of Iowa, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom the subject-matter was referred, reported
a bill (S. No. 985) to provide for a building for
the use of the post office, custom-house, United
States circuit and district courts, and internal
revenue offices at Hartford, Connecticut; which
■was, read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 959) for a grant of lands to the Pres-
ton, Selina, and Denver Railroad Company,
and for the disposal of said lands to actual
settlers, reported it with amendments.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on
Indian; Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 982) for the relief of A. M. Adams,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the letter of the Secretary of the
Interior, submitting an estimate of appropria-
tion required to pay for services of B. B. Mitch-
ell while employed as a detective to break up
cattle stealing in the Indian territory, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims; which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
983) to establish the collection district of Bis-
eayne, in the State of Florida; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No.
984) to enable officers of the Army of tho
United States to insure their lives in life insur-
ance companies of the United States; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the. Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BROWNLOW asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 980) for tho relief of the widow of John
A. Jackson and Samuel Nickleson ; which was
read twice by ita title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims, and ordered to bo printed.
CENTRAL BRANCH PACIFIC JiAILKOAD.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope tho Senator will
gratify me by allowing me now to get up in tho
morning hour Senate bill No. 703. I think it
will not occupy much time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota asks unanimous consent to proceed
to the consideration of the bill indicated by
him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object. lias
the morning business been gone through?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not quite.
Mr. RAMSEY. Almost. I am willing to
give way to morning business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will not object
after the morning business is disposed of.
1 he VlCh PRESIDENT. If there are no
further bills or joint resolutions to be intro-
duced, Senate resolutions are in order. There
appears to be none. The morning business is
concluded.
Mr. RAMSEY. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bil! No. 763.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What bill is that?
Mr. RAMSEY. The Duluth harbor bill.
Mr. I'OilEHOY. I gave notice yesterday
that I should move to take up this morning,
this being private-bill day, Senate bill No. 409,
abating to the Central Branch Union Pacific
railroad. There have been several notices
given of the intention to call up this bill, and
I now move thatthe Senate proceed to its con-
sideration.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am very favorable to the
Senator's bill, and have always voted for it; but
inasmuch as I have got the advantage in mak-
ing my motion first, I think the Senator ought
to give way to me.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senator from Minne-
sota will allow this Central Branch bill to be
taken up this morning.
Mr. POMEROY. As soon as this bill is
finished I shall have no objection to taking up
the bill of the Senator from Minnesota.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota is entitled to the floor, if he insists
upon it.
. Mr. NYE. I beg the Senator not to press
his motion as against this other bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask Senators whether they
will all support me in getting up this bill after-
ward ?
Mr. NYE. Certainly. This bill will not take
ten minutes.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I move to pass over
all other orders for the purpose of taking up
the bill (S. No. 409) relating to the Central
Branch Union Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. SPENCER. I do not know that I am
opposed to this bill; but if my recollection
serves me right it was debated at length here a
year ago, and the Senator from New York, who
is now absent, [Mr. Coxkling, ] took great in-
terest in it and opposed it very fiercely, and it
strikes me that it is hardly fair to take up the
bill during his absence.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendments that are
to be offered have been shown to that Senator
and several other Senators who debated the
bill at great length last year. Last year the
question of bonds was in it. That is not now
in it. It contains nothing but a grant of lands.
Mr. THAYER. I trust that this bill will
not be taken up. I ask if an objection will
carry it over?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not. The morning business has concluded,
and the motion is to pass over all other orders
with a view of taking up this bill.
Mr. THAYER. Several Senators who feel
an interest in this question are absent. The
Senator from New York is one, and the Sen-
ator from Ohio, who spoke to me about it, is
another. It interests the State which I have
the honor in part to represent.
Mr. POMEROY. An amendment has been
prepared excepting every acre in the State of
Nebraska, and the Senator from Nebraska on
my right, [Mr. Tipton*,] who is a member of
the Committee on Public Lands, and myself
have agreed about it, so that he is entirely sat-
isfied witli the bill.
Mr. THAYER. I will say to my friend from
Kansas that it deserves a full consideration.
1 had no idea that it would come up this morn-
ing.
Mr. POMEROY. We have for three weeks
tried day by day to get up this bill.
Mr. TIIAYBR. We have tried to get up
other bills also, and have not succeeded. I ask
the Senate not to take up this bill this morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no sort of inter-
est in this bill one way or the other ; but it is
a bill that has been here a long time ; it is a
matter of -very great importance to the parties
interested in it; and I think they have a right
to have the question settled one way or the
other. It is very difficult now to get a bill up
here, or to find anything in order. Since my
fiiend from Kansas has got his new rules, I
never know when a majority of the Senate can
proceed to anything ; but, it seems this morn-
ing that time has arrived when a motion is in
order, and if a majority of the Senate so decide
we Can take up a bill. Having arrived at that
point once this session, 1 hope the Senate will
take up the bill and dispose of it. 1 express
no opinion as to how it ought to be disposed of;
but it has been here long enough to have action
of some kind upon it, and I hope the Senate
will take it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
that the morning business had concluded when
this motion was made.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the bill will be
taken up.
Mr. SPENCER. It seems to me to be hardly
fair to take up the bill when the members who
are specially and particularly opposed to it are
absent.
Mr. NYE. I take it that the features of the
bill to which the Senator from New York was
opposed are all stricken out now ; and the
world must not stand still because a Senator
goes away.
Mr. SPENCER. It is well known that lie
is at West Point, and will be back in a few
days, and the bill will not suffer very much by
that delay.
Mr. NYE. I do not know when he will be
back. He has not been in Senate for a month.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to inquire whether
there are any special orders on the Calendar
for the morning hour?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar
of resolutions laid over is the first business in
order now before the Senate; but the Senator
from Kansas moves to pass over all other
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill
indicated by him.
Mr. THAYER. The practice heretofore has
been to take up each resolution separately.
Each resolution requires a separate vote oa
passing it over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has so
decided, if that is insisted upon.
Mr. THAYER. Can they be passed over in
a body?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They cannot if
any Senator insists oil a separate vote.
Mr. THAYER. I insist on a separate vote.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
not do that merely for the purpose of delay and
occupying time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will not take long to
pass them over separately.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ne-
braska seems to want to put obstructions in
the way for the sake of delay.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me appeal to the
Senator from Kansas. The quickest way is to
take a vote on each one without debate.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to postpone ■
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to debate.
Mr. POMEROY. I was merely going to
change the motion.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Kansas has a right to change the form of his
motion.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I move to postpone
tho present and all other orders, and proceed to
the consideration of this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Under the old
rule of the Senate, the Senator from Kansas
moves to postpone the present and all other
orders, with the view of takingup the bill indi-
cated by him.
Mr. THAYER. Is that in order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is by the
ancient rule of the Senate, before the new rules
were adopted.
Mr. TIIAYER. Is that motion debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is debatable.
Mr. THAYER. I do not make this oppo-
sition in any factious spirit whatever ; but I
have supposed that under the present rules
the bill could not be called up at this time with
the special orders pending. The practice here-
tofore in the morning hour has required a mo-
tion to be made in each ease to postpone; but
it seems the question conies up at once on this
one motion. How it is I do not know. Now,
this is a bill which does interest the State of
Nebraska, and to have it sprung upon the Sen-
ate in this manner requires me to respectfully
ask the Senate not to take it up.
