5230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
to send me the letter. I dislike very much to
trouble the Senate with this matter, but I feel
it to be my duty to do so. I do it in response
to a memorial, numerously signed, sent here
recently from the city of New Orleans, signed
by all the principal importers and merchants
of that port and the Chamber of Commerce. In
compliance with their request I introduced this
bill, looking to amend the act of 1831 regard-
ing importations. The bill was referred to the
Secretary of the Treasury, and in reply to a
request from the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce that he should express his views
in regard to the feasibility and practicability,
as well as the necessity of the bill, the follow-
ing letter was sent:
Treasury Department, June 22,1870.
Sir: I have thehonor to acknowledge the receipt
of your communication of the 16th instant, trans-
mitting Senate bill No. 939, entitled "A bill to amend
an act passed March 2,1831, entitled 'An act allow-
ing the duties on foieign merchandise imported into
Wheeling, Vieksburg, Cincinnati, Louisville, St.
Louis, Nashville, and Natchez, to be secured and
paid at those places,'" and requesting an expression
of my views as to the propriety and expediency of
the proposed legislation.
An examination of the provisions of said bill shows
that it is simply intended thereby to allow the mas-
ter, commander, owner, or agent of a steamboat or
othervessel, transporting merchandise in bondfrom
New Orleans to the ports of delivery above men-
tioned, eighteen hours after the departure of the
vessel in which to file with the collector the dupli-
cate manifests required by the second section of the
act of March 2,1831.
This amendment, it appears from a memorial of
the shippers, &c., of New Orleans, is necessary in
order to meet the presentrequirements of commerce
at that port, as well as to remove cause for vexatious
delays in the transportation of merchandise in bond
under existing laws. It is also alleged that, by reason
of modern railroad and telegraph facilities, whereby
the documentary evidence of shipment invariably
reaches the port of destination before the merchan-
dise, there can be no danger to the interests of the
revenue from tile passage of the said bili.
In view of these representations, therefore, I think
the bill ought to pass.
I am, very respeetluily,
GEO. S. BOCTWELL,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon, Z. Chandler, OhmrmanCommitteeonCovimercp,
United Statex Senate.
I ought to say in addition that the Secretary
of the Treasury seems to misapprehend one
point of the bill. This bill differs from the law
that it proposes to amend in this particular,
which is very essential, as well as in the par-
ticular referred to in the letter of the Secretary :
the second section reads that any importer,
residing at any port of entry or delivery, im-
porting foreign merchandise by way of New
Orleans, or the agent of such importer, is au-
thorized to enter any merchandise imported
as aforesaid by way of New Orleans, &c. The
original law confined the importation to ports
specified, being ports of delivery and not of
entry; namely, St. Louis, Louisville, Nashville,
Natchez, Cincinnati, and Wheeling, limiting
the importation to those ports as ports of de-
livery. This proposes to include any port of
delivery or any port of entry in the Mississippi
valley or elsewhere, and is calculated to afford
facilities that an amendment of that law nat-
urally will afford, as must occur to the mind
of every one. Howsoever small the port may
be, provided it be a port of delivery, let any
person residing at any port of delivery in the
Mississippi valley or elsewhere import by way
of New Orleans, by simply complying with the
requirements of this act, as amended as pro-
posed by this bill, which is in addition to the
old act of 18S1, .simply through his agent at
NewOrleansgivingbond and certifying through
the collector and the surveyor, the surveyor at
the port of delivery receiving the duties and
depositing in the usual manner, as provided by
the act of 1831.
There are two points, let me say. One is,
that at any port ol' delivery these goods can
be imported ; and second, it affords additional
facilities in this respect, that instead of provid-
ing, as heretofore under the old law, that the
manifest should be filed with the collector
previous to the departure of the goods, it can
be filed with the collector at any time within
eighteen hours after the departure of the
goods. The Secretary recommends that this
measure become a law.
Mr. SCHURZ. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted. It is a matter extraneous
to the bill, and would only embarrass its pas-
Mr. HOWELL. I should like to know how
this is any more extraneous to the bill than the
amendment we are now considering. I cannot
conceive that there is any difference between
the two in that respect, as compared with the
original tax bill we have before us. I am in
favor of this amendment, and I think I am as
fully justified in voting for this, and more so,
than in voting for the other, looking simply
to the question of what is germane to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment af the Senator from
Louisiana to the amendment.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 14, noes 27.
Mr. KELLOGG, I ask for the yeas and
nays; and I want to say that the Secretary of
the Treasury recommends this amendment,
while he does not recommend the other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind the Senator from Louisiana that
his time has expired.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 28 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Chandler, Colliding, Fcnton, Harris, Howell,
Johnston, Kellogg, McDonald. Nye, Pool, P„iee,
Robertson, Spencer, Vickers, and Williams—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Carpenter, Colo, Corbett, Cragin,
Davis, Drake, Fowlei, (iilbert, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, llnrlan, Howe, jVleCreery,
Morton, Pomeroy, Pratt, Itamsey, Revels, lloss,
Scburz, Scoit, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Warner, Willey, and Wilson—28.
ABSENT—Messis. Ames,lirownlow, Buckingham,
Cameron, Casserly, Cattell, Udmunds, h'erry, Flana-
gan, Hamlin^ Howard. Lewis, Moirill of Maine,
Morrill of \ ermont, Norton, Osborn, Patterson,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sprague, Stockton, 'Thayer,
Thurman, Tipton, and Yates—2o.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SPENCER. I have an amendment to
offer as an additional section:
And be it farther enacted. That the office of naval
ofbeer be, and the same is hereby, abolished; and
that the duties of saitl officer, when deemed neces-
sary by the Secretary of the Treasury, shall be per-
formed by the surveyor of customs.
I wish to say in explanation of this amend-
ment that this is certainly germane to the tax
bill. The adoption of this amendment will save
something near two million dollars annually.
The office, as 1 believe, and as is believed by
many, is wholly unnecessary. It has descended
to us from the old colonial limes, having been
established by the British when we were all
rebels. I hope the amendment will pass.
Mr. THURMAN. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say that to abolish this office would save
us $2,000,000 a year?
Mr. SPENCER. About two millions.
Mr. THURMAN. How is that?
Mr. SPENCER. Because of the salaries
paid to the naval officers in different places,
and the large retinue of clerks they have.
The office in the city of New York alone costs
$000,000. It is entirely unnecessary. I ask
for the yeas and nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that it is
worth while for me to say anything further
about amendments to this bill; but I appeal
to the Senate to let us have a vote, and go on
with the tax bill. The tax bill stands in the
way of all pending legislation. We cannot put
it aside. This question is now before us, and
has been debated for a day or two. I appeal
to the Senator from Alabama to let cs take a
vote on the question and get rid of the tax bill.
As a matter of course any Senator now, by the
ruling of the Chair, can take the great pile of
bills under his table and offer them, one after
the other, and just block up the business of
the Senate. Any Senator has that in his power;
and yet until within the last four or five years
such a thing as that would have been without
precedent, and entirely unknown. It seems to
me we ought not at this period of the session
to embarrass the business of the Senate in this
way. If a majority is in favor of any partic-
ular proposition, let it be so, and .let it be
ingrafted on the bill. If it is not, we certainly
ought not to embarrass and weary ourselves
out night after night by this wearisome course.
Mr. SPENCER. I have not offered this
amendment to embarrass the bill; I have
offered it as a matter of retrenchment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama will suspend. The ruling
of the Chair has been alluded to. The chair
has been only occupied a few moments by the
present occupant; but he states that the ruling
of the Chair is, as he understands it, in entire
accordance with Jefferson's Manual, which is
the guide of t.he Senate ; in accordance with the
rules of the Senate,which make certain special
exceptions; and to the knowledge of the pres-
ent occupant of the chair it is in accordance
with the ruling of every previous occupant
since he has been in the Senate. He will be
glad indeed to have the question taken and
settled by the Senate; but when a question of
order is raised he determines it as he thinks
the law is.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not raise a question
of order.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have not prolonged this
tedious debate, and I do not propose to do so
now. Undoubtedly the amendment of the Sen
ator from Alabama is hardly germane to the
bill; and the same may be said of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri; and it i3
the place of the Senator from Ohio, who has
charge of this bill, to keep out all these amend-
ments. The original amendment, the amend-
ment which has detained us here two days, is
an amendment that ought never to have been
put on this bill, whether it be in itself proper
legislation or not. As the Senator from Ohio
said in regard to the amendment of the Senator
from Alabama, it is one that a few years ago
would have been without precedent; but when
the Senator in charge of the bill allows amend-
ments of that kind to go on he cannot complain
if other Senators offer amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask my
friend howl could help it. I appealed to the
Senator from Illinois not to offer it; but now,
since it is offered, permit me to say that it is a
question on which my constituents would not
allow me, with proper regard for my duty here,
to turn my back. There is a feeling in the
cities of Cincinnati, Chicago, and St. Louis
that this discrimination against these interior
cities is an outrage ; and for that reason I could
not refuse to vote for the original amendment,
although I did not advise its being offered.
Mr. ANTHONY. The constituents of the
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Kellogg] are
just as persistent in their desire to have his
amendment as the constituents of the Senator
from Ohio ; and it seems to me, I say it with
great deference to my friend from Ohio, that
the Senator who has charge of this bill ought
to put his foot on all these amendments ; and
if he will do it and stand there the Senate will
sustain him in doing so. Let us have a bill
for the reduction of taxes, and nothing else;
and if this amendment to this bill for collect-
ing the customs all over the country is a desir-
able one, if it meets the favor of the Senate,
and I think it does, let it be taken up in its
proper time and place and debated and acted
upon.' It has no more place on this bill than
the other amendments which the Senator from
Ohio says are incongruous.
Mr. SPENCER. I wish to say simply, in
reply to the remarks of the honorable Senator
from Ohio, that I did not offer this amendment
to embarrass this bill. I believe that this
amendment is a matter of justice, a matter of
right, a matter of retrenchment. This is the
tax bill, and my constituents are as much inter-
ested in this bill as the Senator's constitu-
