440
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June ?,
Ho. oi' Reps.
Currency Bill—Mr. Cox.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
and currency of the country were fully restored;
and there need lie no "agents " appointed in
this country and Europe, as the fifth section
of the Senate act provides, to advertise the
national stocks, like patent medicines, in the
newspapers and journals of both coutiuents.
Mr. HOOPER, ofMassachusetts. The Ways
and Means have struck that out.
Mr. COX. So much more credit to that com-
mittee above our committee. I say this with
entire respect to the Banking and Currency.
INCREASED BANK TAXATION.
The banks will, of course, object to that pro-
vision of the act which requires them to hold
four and a half per cent, bonds instead of six
percent.. This is simply an additional tax upon
their franchise. Congress has an undoubted
right to impose (his condition, because the net
under which the banks exist expressly says that
"Congress may at anytime amend, alter, or
repeal itand the question, therefore, is
simply as to the justice and expediency of the
measure. It is just, if the privileges granted
to the banks are so advantageous that tliey are
in eonsequonco as well able to pay the addi-
tional tax, (equal virtually to one and a half
per cent, upon their capital,) as other depart-
ments of trade are to pay theirs. As a mat-
ter of fact the banks, according to a late ofli-
cial statement, are now paying over ten per
cent, annual dividends above all expenses,
taxes, and charges, and are besides adding ten
per cent, of their income annually to their
■'surplus fund," which already amounts to
over eighty-six millions, most of which has
been accumulated in this way; and they have
also " undivided profits '' on hand of over forty
millions; in all, $12(1,000,000 in addition to
their large dividends. Now, what department
of trade or industry has for the last six years
done, or is now doing as well? Have farm-
ers, merchants, manufacturers, or ship-owners
inado ton per cent, clear prolits each year and
added ten per cent, more of their annual
income to thcircapital ? No one will protend
this, and therefore it is clearly equitable that
the banks should bear the additional burden.
They can pay the extra tax and yet be better
oil' than any other important interest.
As to the expediency of the measure there
seems no other doubt than that which arises
from the form in which the additional burden
is imposed, namely, in that of'a forced loan. It
does not appear very dignified in the United
States Government,-nor will it add greatly to
its credit, to compel its citizens who chance
to be bank slock holders to lake a loan at four
and a half per pent, when six per cents, are
hardly worth par. Thero will bo no need of
such an indirection when Congress takes the
true, manly ground of meeting all its engage-
ments promptly, by withdrawing its dishonored
promises, nowcireulatingin all sums, from ten
cents upward, to the amount of >0,000,000,
or bringing them to par with gold. To the
principle ot free banking which the act eon-
templates I do not object, provided it be done
with a sound currency. Nor do I object to
Iree banking upon irredeemable paper at the
present time, since ail other banking is now
done upon the same basis, and we may as well
have free as lestrieted banks upon a depre-
ciated currency; but I think that such will bo
the excesses, and such the teriible losses and
derangement ot all business affairs, which free
banking with irredeemable paper will event-
ually imiiet, that the people will finally be
brought to repudiate the whole idea of fictitious
money, and insist upon gold and gold notes as
their only medium of exchange and standard
of value.
VAKIETins OF CURRENCY.
One thing is certain, the bill 'hi question
gives us a new variety ot currency. We have
four already—greenbacks, national batik notes
the "gold notes" issued by the Treasury, and
gold, which is used more or less in large mer-
cantile operations, and exclusively used in
California.
The currency bill now before this House fur-
nishes a fifth variety, by providing forunlimited
issues to be called "coin notes," because the
banks issuing thera are to keep on hand one
dollar of coin to every four dollars of their
circulation.
And now by the funding bill we have a sixth
kind in the notes of free banking companies.
Generically speaking, however, there will bo
bat three kinds or species, namely:
1. A paper, or exclusively credit currency,
consisting of greenbacks, national bank notes,
and the new notes proposed by the Senate
funding bill.
2. A value, or specie currency, consisting of
gold and the "gold notes" of the Treasury,
the latter amounting now to $50,000,000.
;l. A mixed currency, consisting of the
"coin notes" authorized in the currency bill
of the Senate, and composed of one part coin
to four parts of paper or credit.
Such are the different species and varieties
of currency proposed with which the American
people are expected to carry on the largest
production and the most extensive trade, in
proportion to population to bo found on the
face of the earth; a currency of tho most hetero-
geneous character, that cannot fail to do great
injury to all the industrial interests of tho
country, especially to fhose of agriculture, the
value of whose products are and always must
be measured by gold.
CONNECTION OF DKI5T AND CUJUtKNCY.
The funding parts of the bill is but a labored
attempt to evade the immutable laws of cur-
rency and finance. It mixes up funding with
bunking, two things that have no natural con-
nection whatever, to tho prejudice of both,
and the great detriment of important national
interests.
_ Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. But the
bill of the Ways and Means Committee does
not. We cut out the currency features of the
Senate bill.
Mr. COX. Therein your committee lias
shown itself wiser than ours. You have, in
other ways, eliminated tho errors of the Senate
bill. But the bill under discussion fails to dis-
criminate between tho funding and currency
questions.
There seems to bo a strange hallucination in
the minds of our leading men, in Congress and
out, that somehow or other there is an insep-
arable connection between the public debt
and the currency of tho country. But there is
no natural or_ neccssary connection between
these two subjects as matters of legislation,
and they ought, never to be linked together, as
in this bill, because both are thereby endan-
gered. Some persons will vote against the
whole bill because of its funding provisions;
others because of its banking clauses, and thus
it is very likely to be rejected.
But in truth, shorn of that section which
compels the banks to exchange their present
six per cents, for four and a half per cents.,
there is nothing of much consequence left, for
it is a great stretch of credulity to believe that
any ot the bonds authorized will be volun-
tarily taken except, perhaps, a few of the five
per cents. Neither tho four nor the four and
a halt per cents, can find a market at present
except by compulsion.
It is a misfortune to the country that the
time of the national Legislature is consumed
in the consideration of a measure promising
no useful result. The whole scheme is pre-
mature. The time has not arrived when the
work of consolidation should be attempted.
Not a dollar of the public debt is pressing for
payment; not a dollar is due except at the
option of the Treasury; .end therefore while
the circulating notes which the Government
does owe, but which the people have not the
power to demand in specie or anything else,
but are compelled to use instead of a sound
measure of value—while such notes are forced
upon the country by an arbitrary, unconstitu
tional law, is it not quite insufferable that Con-
gress should waste its time in the discussion
of an unwise and impracticable scheme for
refunding a moiety of the public debt, espe-
cially when the scheme seems to be in the
interest of a monster bank monopoly? Is it not
unpardonable that the attention of Congiess
should be taken up by an impracticable scheme
of refunding half of the national debt, which
nobody who understands the condition of the
national finances and the true interest of the
people wishes to have meddled with at all until
the currency of the Government and the banks
has been restored to par? Therefore, I raise
the banner again of the old Democracy for gold
and silver. Or if wo must have paper, give us
a redeemable paper, give us the redeemable
greenback I That brings me to the great prob-
lem—
GOLD AND SILVER.
Seldom has a greater crime against the in-
terests of property and the rights of man been
committed than when Congress, in the early
part of 1802, enacted that the notes of the
Treasury should be a legal tender for all debts
and obligations, exceptforcustom-houseduties
and the payment of interest upon its bonds.
A legal tender is a forced loan, livery man is
compelled to accept it, whether he is willing
to do so or not. Debts contracted to be paid
in the equivalent of gold are discharged with
paper worth far less than gold, and the creditor
is robbed of the difference.
Such anact of despotism can find no justifica-
tion, not even in the stern necessities of Avar.
Whether such a justification existed when the
present legal-tender act was passed I shall not
now attempt to prove or disprove. It is sufli-
cient to say that many if not most of the intelli-
gent financiers of the country disbelieve that
any such necessity existed, or that if it did so,
it was wholly owing not to the war itself, but
to the false and defective currency in circula-
tion when tho war commenced, and which
causcd a great part of the banks to suspend
upon the mere threat of secession. How weak
the currency was, and how little adapted to
perform its proper functions in time of war,
may bo seen from the statement that while
the immediate liabilities for their circulation
and deposits January 1, 18G1, amounted to
$•150,000,000, their specie was but $87,000,000,
so that the basis was less than nineteen cents
on the dollar. Yet with such a miserably
deficient currency was the nation compelled to
engage in the greatest military struggle in
modern times.
But from whatever cause the evils of our
present debased monetary system have arisen,
whether trom tho stem exigencies of war or
the false condition of the currency at its begin-
ning, it is sufficient for us to know that the time
has long since passed when there remains any
occasion for its continuance. As a people we
boast, and justly, of having the largest re-
sources and the most effective industry of any
country in the world, yet have to-day a cur-
rency which for the purchase of commodities
exclusively made and consumed at home is not
worth more than sixty-five cents on the dollar,
a currency that inflicts the most enormous
evils upon every industrial interest in the na-
tion, but bears with special severity upon the
laboiing and productive classes. This I have
had occasion to discuss in the Gold Panic
liepoit. My reflection and observation since
confirm the judgment then made.
That I do not exaggerate the extent of these
evils and their baleful influence I hope to make
apparent by a brief statement of some of their
effects upon the different industries and occu-
