3342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
I will say tliat I myself have not agitated
this question of the removal of the capital. I
have had ray reasons for it. There ia a tide in
human affairs when it is right to strike for such
a question. Already the voice of the North-
west and of portions of the South show that
people to be alive to this question. You may
treat this as an idle matter if you choose, but
I hope that the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] in his fourth term will stand by
his desk upon the banks of the Mississippi and
utter forth his theories, his speculations, his
desires, and his arguments in favor of human
liberty. When he gets out there, gets away
from his beloved Massachusetts—perfect in all
respects in her institutions of education and
religion and morals, and imagines that while
he is so surrounded all the world is as happy
and blessed as he is—he will find that further
West, on those bleak plains and on those hill-
sides and on these little brooks where the
cabins are, and upon the tops of the mountains
where the poor men reside—he will find there :
perhaps a wider theater for his great and noble j
eloquence and for the dissemination of educa- ,|
tion and the principles which are to maintain ;j
and preserve this Government. !
Mr. President, I know that the Senate is i
tired, and 1 shall not detain it much longer.
I may say mote on this subject in a more
digested form hereafter, as I have intended to
do at the proper time. But for the present I
conclude, and conclude by saying to the Sen-
ator from Vermont, that it will not bear a joke
that a building can be built cheaper here than
it can in St. Louis. If it costs five times as
much to build a building in St. Louis as it does
in Washington it will be built; it will be bnilt
by the men who are able to build it, it will be
built by the men who are willing to build it, it ,
will be built where it ought to be built, where j
the center of power and the center of popu- |
lation is. r« '
Mr. NYE. The Senator from Towa [Mr.
Howell] suggests that it ought to be built at
Keokuk. [Laughter.]
Mr. Y ATES. Yes, Keokuk would be a good
place. That is the argument which we would
call the argument ad absitrdum, that the cap-
ital must stay here because there might be half ;
a dozen other places which would contest for
the site. Yes, sir, there will be candidates,
different places where this capital should be
placed, but the bill will be passed with a blank
•' that the capital of the United States is re-
moved and located at blank."
Mr. NYE. That is a good place to move it
to. [Laughter.]
Mr. YATES. It is a good place, because
under the direction of the President, or com-
missioners, or whosoever the Government may
authorize, that blank will be filled. I can say
to ray friend that the word " blank" is some-
times better than to have the note or the bill
filled up, and so it is in this case. It is mani-
fest destiny; it is written in the progress of
this country ; it is written in the streams and
tides of population, in the business and com-
merce of this country, upon those great rivers
that God Almighty gave us, and in the rail-
roads which human ingenuity and art have
built. It is written, as plainly as if it were
written upon the sky in stars, that the capital
of the United States will be removed.
Mr. President, lam not arguing this point, as
I hope, with a view of merely pleasing my con-
stituents, but I believe that it will not cost this
Government one cent if the proper measures
are taken to remove the capital. I could have
three Senators here, whom I would name, go
and buy the land at fifty or a hundred dollars
an acre, in a convenient neighborhood for the
United States, a good many sections of land
which would be laid ofF with the Capitol in
the center, and with the grounds for the other
public buildings, and by the sale of lots, &c.,
they would get double the expense which the
nation would be at in the removal of the cap-
ital ; and when that is done I will undertake to
say that in that broad *ftH#y of the Mississippi,
upon the banks of our noble river, in the cen-
ter of our great and enterprising population,
buildings more magnificent in structure, if pos-
sible, more conveniently arranged and better
adapted to the members of Congress and to
the people of the United States, and with ac-
commodations far exceeding those which we
now have, wo shall have there.
You may depend upon it I speak for a con-
stituency that are not mean nor niggardly, that
are full of enterprise, that have capital; capi-
tal not only in the cities, but in the farms every- |
where over the broad West. They are only ,
your more energetic sons, I say to you New
England men—only your more energetic sons
that have gone to the wilderness to meet its
vicissitudes and there plant forever the insti-
tutions of liberty and freedom, but younger
and more enterprising than you. They are j
interested in the West, in the South, and in i
the Southwest, and having the majority of the
votes—which at last is where the joke comes
in, for the majority rules in this country—we
will do it. It is our history that the capital ot
the United States of America will be removed
in less than ten years from this date.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As there will
be ample time to discuss that question on an-
other occasion, I ask unanimous consent that
this question shall be taken to-morrow morn-
ing without debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We all agree to
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bayard
in the chair.) Senators, have you heard the
proposition? Is there any objection to the
understanding or agreement? The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed te ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 10, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
| The Journal of yesterday was read and
1 approved.
pensions appropriation bill.
| Mr. KELSEY, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported back the amendment
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 781^) mak- t
ing appropriations for the payment of invalid j
i and other pensions of the United States for the j
year ending June 30, 1871, with the recom-
| mendation that the amendment be non con-
; curred in and a conference asked on the dis-
; agreeing votes thereon.
The amendment of the Senate was not con-
curred in.
Mr. KELSEY moved that a committee of
conference be asked upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses.
i The motion was agreed to.
j spencer ii. stafford,
i Mr. MOORE, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1960) for
the relief of Spencer H. Stafford ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
! the Committee on Military Affairs,
j customs revenue laws.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, reported back from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary House bill No. 1460,
to remedy certain defects in the judical admin-
istration of certain customs-revenue laws, with
amendments ; which, with the accompanying
report, was ordered to be printed and recom-
mitted.
i funding the public debt.
Mr. CONNER. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for consideration at this time a
bill to repeal a portion of the act approved
April 12, 1866, entitled "An act to amend an
act entitled ' An act to provide ways ami means
to support the Government,' approved March
3, 18li5.''
The SPEAKER. The bill will be road,
after which it will be in order to object to its
consideration at this time.
The bill, being then read, proposed to repeal
so much of the act referred to in the title as
authorized, or as may be construed to author-
ize, the Secretary of the Treasury to fund the
public debt or any portion thereof, or exchange
the outstanding issues of bonds and notes, or
any portion thereof, for any other bonds or
notes.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
STOCKTON LAND DISTKICT, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for consideration at this time a
bill to change the boundaries of the Stocktou
! land district in the State of California.
Mr. CONNER. I object.
Some time subsequently,
Mr. CONNER withdrew his objection, and
Mr. SARGENT said: Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman from Texas withdraws his objection.
This bill makes a change in the boundaries
of the Stockton land district, in accordance
i with the petition of one hundred and fifty citi-
zens, residents of the townships to be detached
from the Sacramento district. These town-
1 ships are in San Joaquin county, where Stock-
ton is situated. The petitioners say that it is
proper that all the lands in San Joaquin county
| should belong to the Stockton land district on
| grounds of public convenience, and to save
expense of settlers. I have consulted the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, and he
approves of the change.
No further objection being made,
The bill (H. U. No. 1964) was introduced
and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to be
engrossed aud read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that all
of townships four and five north, ranges live,
six, seven, eight, and nine east, Mount Diablo
base and meridian, now within the Sacramento,
California, land district, shall be detached from
said district and annexed to the Stockton dis-
trict, in said State.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
george t. wiggins.
Mr. McCRARY. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from theSpeaker's table for refer-
ence Senate bill No. 674, for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of George T.
Wiggins, of Keokuk, in the State of Iowa,
i No objection was made; andaccordingly the
i bill was taken up and read a first and second
j time, and referred to the Committee of Claims,
j pension bills referred.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In view of the fact that
i by order of the House the evening session of
Thursday next is to be devoted to the consider-
! ation of reports from the Committee on Invalid
! Pensions, I ask unanimous consent that all
pension bills from the Senate now on the Speak-
er's table be taken up and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
assistant marshals.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce for consideration at this time
a bill relating to the qualifications of assistant
marshals of the United States.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which it will be in order to object to its
consideration at this time.
The bill provides that all competent persons,
