2398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
and there were a great many white people who
were loyal and true. Thousands of otherswere
willing to acquiesce. Whatwasthecourseonthe
otherside? Murder, robbery, arson! My friend
from Delaware doubted the fact, and my col-
league seemed to think it was some delusion
thrown in here as a political pretext for a vio-
lent act. Why, sir, if anything is settled as a
matter of history it is that during the four or
live years since the rebels laid down their arras
they have been using concealed weapons, vio-
lence, uud lire to destroy life and property for
political reasons without limit and restraint;
and because we have not had military power
enough to put it down we aro charged with
being responsible for this violence! Why, sir,
in the very State of Georgia we have the official
report of General Terry, made after the most
careful examination, showing that lawlessness
and violence prevailed. I will read a short
extract from this report:
"I havo delayed making the report, thus culled
for until the present time, in order that I might
beconio acquainted with the condition of affairs in
Georgia heioro expressing any opinion in regard to
them. Now, I havo reluctant ly coroo to ttao conclu-
sion that tho situation hero demands tho interposi-
tion of the national Government, in order that life
and property may bo protected, freedom of speech
and political action secured, and tho rights and lib-
erties of the ii-cedmen maintained. (
"Tins opinion is b<iscd upon complaints imido to ;
me, tho reports of oHicors detailed to investigate j
alleged outrages, and upon the statements of many 1
persons ot lespeetability and high position liom I
ditfcieiit parts of the Slate, in whose representa- j
tions 1 must repose eonlidence; some of whom have ;
given mo information only under tho pledge of
secrecy, tho state ot affairs in thoir section boing
such that they feared the extreme of personal vio-
lence hhould it become known th,it they had boon
ill eommunic'ii ion with me.
"til many parts of tho Stato there is practically
no government. t The woist of crimes aro committed,
and no attempt is nnete topuni.,h those whocominit
them. Murders have been, mid are, frequent; the
alniso m variouswaysot tho blacks is too common to
rxeitenotieo. Then- can bonodoubt of the existence ;
ofniimorousinsiirrcctiouary organizations known as
Kuklux Klans, who, shielded by their disguise, by tho
secrecy oi then- movements, and by the terror which
they inspire, perpetrato crime with impunity. There
is groat reason to believe that in some cases iocal
magistrates aro in sympathy with tho members of
these organizations. In many places they aro over-
awed by them, and dare not attempt to p'lniah them.
To punish sttcli offenders by civil proceedings would
bo a difficult turk, even were magistrates inalleases
disponed, and had they tho courage to do their duty;
ibrthesaaio influences which govern them ectually
affect jurii,., and vitncsti.-. "
There is the official statement of fuels by an
officer iu whom every Senator here confides, aud
who has examined the matter carefully. That is
not all. We havo tho daily newspaper accounts
of the operations of t he Kuklux Is lan, and 1 hold
in my hand now a printed statement, writ ten by a
constituent of my colleague aud myself, a man
of the very highest character, whoso word is
entitled to as much crcdit as that of tiny Sena-
tor here present; it is ltev. II. W. Pierson, I).
1)., formerly president of Cumberland college,
Kentucky, author of a book entitled " Jefferson
at Monticello," a mail of high character, whose
word will not be disputed before any tribunal.
He has been in Georgia a long time. He was
sent there as a missionary, has been engaged
in his work, and now I will ask the Secretary
to read one of the statements that were made
lo him, reduced to writing by him, and verified
by his knowledge practically and substantially
of the facts as they existed. Here are many
pages of cases, but I will take only a single in-
stance to show the kind of conduct, the kind
of murder, the kind of men my colleague ex-
cuses and indorses and mitigates.
Mr. THUEMAN. My colleague persist-
ently, and in spite of what I have again and
again said, declares that I excused the Ku-
klux. I no more excused the Kuklux than
I excused murder in New York by showing
that murder occurs there. I no more excused
it than I excuse crime in Ohio when I say
there is crime in Ohio. I said it was natural
there should be that state of feeling, just as it
is natural there should be the small-pox or the
gout. I am not a partisan of the small-pox or
the gout.
^ilr. SHERMAN. Before the statement is
read I will answer that point of my colleague.
He says it is natural. Why? Havo wo op-
pressed these people? I have already said
that never in the history of man have a people
been more liberally treated.
Mr. THUEMAN. That is where we differ.
Mr. SHliEMAN. And the only political
organization now in the South that have en-
dangered life and property are -the Kuklux
Klans. There are no political combinations
among the Republicans, white or black, to
endanger the life of any citizen, although ho
may have fought in tho war during the whole
time and killed and slaughtered our fellow-
countrymen. Now, sir, I ask that the state-
ment of a negro man, which I have sent to the
desk, bo read to show tho character of the peo-
ple that our laws are to affect in Georgia.
Mr. ABBOTT. Before that is read 1 wish
to say a word. 1 understood tho Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thurmax] to say that the cause of
the Kuklux was the kind of government and
the control in which the southern Stales had
been placed, and lie exclaimed, '• Who thinks
it strange that there wero Kuklux there?"
Therefore I said to him that his was a speech
in defense of tho Kuklux,
Mr. THUEMAN. Mr. President, these gen-
tlemen cannot make any point on me that will
pay fur the trouble they have about this matter.
J have said that the condition of tilings at the
South was greatly owing to the course you have
taken; that that course was naturally cal-
culated to produce the results wo see. It was
just as much calculated to produce them as tho
tyranny of Great Britain over Ireland produces
the dilliculties there, or of Russia over Poland
produces the dilliculties there.
Mr. SlIHUMAN. Now I will ask that that
statement, be read, and I will then proceed.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Statement of Oeoroc Smith.
Georgo Smith now resides iivo miles from Ella-
villo, lit Schley county, Georgia. Ito says :
Before tho election of Grant largo bodies of men
were riding about tho country m tho night l'or more
than a month. Xhoy and their horses wero covered
with largo whito sheets, so that you could not toll
them or their horses. They ffavo out word thatthey
would whip every liadieaiin tho country that in-
tended tovoto for Grant, and did whip all they could
got hold oi. They sent word to mo that I was one of
tho leaders of the Grant club, and they would whip
me. I saw them pass my house ono night, and I
should think there woro thirty or torty of them.
They looked in thomght like Jersey wagons. X sup-
posed tlu-y weie niter me, and X took my blanket
and gun and run to tho woods and lav out all night
and a good many other night-'. .Nearly all the Rad-
icals in tho neighborhood l.iy in tho woods every
night for two weeks before election. Tho Kuklux
would go to tho bouses of all that belonged to flic
Urant club, call them to tho door, throw a blanket
over them, and carry them oft' and whip them, and
t*y and make them promise to vote for Seymour and
Blair, 'file night I saw them they went to tho houso
ol Mr. Henry Ilavisand ordered him oat. tier of used
to eonio out, and they tore down both of his doors.
J lo fired at them and escaped. I heard a good many
shots lired at him. IXo lay out about a week m tho
woods, and then slipped buck in the night and got bis
family and moved off. lie had bought a place and
paid S2~>0 on it; but ho eo.uld not get a deed and he
has gone off aud lclt it. They tileu went to tho house
of Tom Pitman and Jonas Swanson, called them to
the door, throw blankets over their heads, curried
them off, and whipped them tremendously. They
told them that they were damned Radicals and load-
ers ol tho Grant club, and that they would whip
every one that voted for Grant, and would not give
anv work to any but "Democrats.
Rob Y/iggins, a preacher, was whipped almost to
death because they said ho was preaching Radical
doctrines to the colored people. It was supposed for
a good many day3 that he would dio, but he finally
recovered.
X attended the election at Xlllaville. None of the
Radicals that had been ICukluxed tried to vote; but
a. good many Radicals did try to vote, but tho judges
made the in all show their tickets, and if they were
for Grant they would not let them vote. X saw how
they treated others, and did not try to put my voto
in. I went early in the morning, and tho whito and
colored JDemocrats voted until about noon, when I
went home.
AxDEESO.NVU.Lr,, February 7,18G9.
Mr. THUIIMAN. Will my colleague allow
me, as a lawyer, but one word ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather proceed.
My colleague is agood lawyer, and he can reply
to me.
Mr. THUEMAN. I only want to ask him
whether his witness was present to see all these
things. If not, the testimony is nothing but
hearsay.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my colleague wants
to take a technical point, that this deposition is
not taken in due form of law according to the
Ohio statutes, it is well taken. But here is a
statement where the name and residence is
given, and it is vouched for by a gentleman of
as high character as any man in this Senate.;
and who doubts it? My colleague says no
wonder these things occur. Why? Hadthese
men, tho Kuklux Klan," been oppressed or rid-
den over or downtrodden? Had they been
deprived of their life, liberty, or property?
What in the name of Heaven had been done
to those who are thus lawlessly going around
scattering lire and destruction, whipping and
slaughtering? What injury had been done to
them by tho poor negroes formerly their slaves?
Why, sir, there is not iu the history of man a
case of more unmitigated, cowardly outrage
(ban is being committed by this class of men.
Here arc a class of men who, because these
colored people would not vote for Seymour and
Blair, seized them at the dead hoar of night,
carried them off into tho woods, whipped them,
drove them from their homes, and burned their
school-houses, as the very next case shows, in
some cases they slaughtered them, shot them.
Why, sir, the testimony is that more than ono
thousand men were killed in the State of
Georgia and other southern States, and yet no
white man, no mau guilty of these outrages,
ever was called to account for them, ever was
tried, convicted, or hanged; and yet my hon-
orable colleague says this is nothing unusual,
but that such things occur in New York, and
that even in our beloved Ohio murders and
other crimes are committed. So they do. As
long as the hearts of men are bad, murders and
crimes will be committed. What wo complain
of is not merely the ordinary crimes produced
by the infernal hearts of single men, but it is
organized political crime and violence which
harasses, and robs, burns, and plunders, and
murders, by cowards ; bocauso 1 indorse every
word that General Breckinridge said when he
declared that Ihose men who go around armed
as Kuklux Klans aro cowards, and ought to be
exterminated. And the very first thing that is
done by the Legislature of Georgia should be
to organize the militia, put arms in the hands
of the negroes, and let them shoot down with-
out question every man who is concffied and
disguised under the cover of a sheet or any
other disguise under which he carries on his
crime. That is the only remedy, in my judg-
ment.
Now, Mr. President, I say that these people
have had no cause for this kind of violence.
It is totally unjustifiable. It ought not to be
apologized for in any way whatever. It is
unmitigated cowardice and murder, and any
man engaged in that kind of atrocity ought at
once to be put under the ban as an outlaw by
every civilized community in the country.
Mr. President, I intended very briefly to state
my views about this Georgia matter. I con-
fess that I am very much embarrassed by the
question of Georgia, more than I have been by
any question of reconstruction since the close
of the war, because I find great irregularities
on both sides. Undoubtedly the action of the
Georgia Legislature in excluding the colored
men who were elected like the rest of them
laid the loundation of all that followed after
that, ami yet I cannot but say that after our
act oi this session of December last, the con-
duct of Governor Bullock and those who re-
organized the Legislature seems to me to havo
been irregular, contrary to the proper mode of
transacting business, and contrary to the law.
The admission of minority candidates, and the
organization of that Legislature by a men-
agent of Governor Bullock, seem to me to be
irregularities. I should be very glad to get
around them, or get away from the difficulty
