1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5231
ents, and they demand and ask retrenchment
and reform in all branches of the Government.
Mr. SCHURZ. I will simply say—[" Ques-
tion !" " Question! "] 1 will not speak if we
can get the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ala-
bama to the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and Kays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays Do ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boremnn,Chandler, Davis,
Fowior, Gilbert, Harlan, Harris, Howell, Johnston,
Kellogg, McCreery, Robertson, Spencer, Stockton,
and Vickers—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cameron, Car-
penter. Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Fen-
ton, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, IXowe, McDonald, Nye, Pratt, Ramsey,
Revels, Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sehura, Scott,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Thurman,
Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, Williams, and
Wilson—Ho.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Casserly, Cattell, Conkling, Ferry, Flanagan, How-
ard, Lewis, Morrill ot Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Norton, O.-born, Patterson, Pomeroy, Poo!,
Rice, Thayer, and Yates—21.
So th# amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Sciiurz,] as amended.
Mr. MORTON. Is it in order for me to
renew the amendment which I offered in re-
gard to making Indianapolis one of the cities
named ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is not in order, as that amendment
has been specifically rejected.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say a word in
regard to it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, as amended, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am paired with the
Senator from Nebraska, [Mr. Thayer.] Ifhe
were here he would vote " yea," and 1 should
vote "nay."'
Mr. SAWYER. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard.] If he
were here he would have voted " nay," and I
should have voted " yea."
The result was announced—yeas 8-4, nays
21; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Carpenter,Cole,
Corbett, D.ivis, Drake, Fowlor, Hauilm, Harlan,
Howe, Howell, McCreery, McDonald, Morton, Pom-
evoy. Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Robertson,
Ross, Sohurz, Scott, Sheiinan, Spencer. Stewart,
Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, and
Wilson— 3-1.
NAY S—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreman,Chand-
ler, Conkhng. Cragin, K'iinunds, Fonton, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Han-is,
Johnston, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson,
Saulsbury, Sprague, Stockton, Tipton, and Vick-
ers—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Casserly, Cattell, Ferry, Flanagan, Howard,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Nye, Odborn, Saw-
yer, Thayer. Williams, and Yates—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I ask, Mr. President, the
unanimous consent of the Senate to reconsider
the vote adopting my amendment for the con-
tinuance of the income tax two years longer
at the rate of two and a half per cent, per
annum. It so happened that when that amend-
ment was adopted a large number of members
were absent from their seats. I need not say
that this was not by design, and that it was
purely accidental. No consideration on earth
could induce me to seek to reverse the delib-
erate action of the Senate by seeking to 'intro-
duce a measure when Senators opposed to it
were absent. Nor do I believe that any mem-
ber of this body would do so. I make it a rule
never to vote for one measure to secure the
passage of another, or to vote amendments
upon a bill to make it odious and thus secure
its defeat. I desire in this, as in all other
matters, to secure the full and deliberate judg-
ment of the Senate. As the Senate is now
quite full I ask unanimous consent, which I
trust will be readily granted, to reconsider the
vote.
A word further. The income tax is deemed
by a portion of our countrymen to be the most
just, equal, and least burdensome of all our
taxes. This opinion g'euerally prevails in the
South and in the West. Another portion of our
countrymen believe this tax to be unequal,
inquisitorial, and oppressive. This class of
men, mos'ly residents of New England and
the central States, ia strenuously opposed to
its longer continuance. They look to Congress
for relief, and their sentiments and wishes have
been vigorously pressed upon both Houses.
The House is clearly and unmistakably, and
by a large majority, in favor of the continuance
of the tax in a modified form. The Senate is
unquestionably in favor of its discontinuance,
provided it can be done in harmony with other
interests.
The vote of the Senate discontinuing the
income tax made it necessary—so thought the
Committee on Finance—-to restore the duty
the House had taken off from sugar, amount-
ing to $11,000,000. That was the issue, clearly
and distinctly made. I am opposed to the
continuance of the income tax, and have done
all I could do for its entire abolition. But
knowing as I did the sentiment and temper of
the House, I clearly saw that in the issue be-
tween the restoration of the duty on sugar, an
article that enters into the general consumption
of the people, and the discontinuance of the
income tax entirely, that the opponents of that
tax would be defeated, and that the tax would
be continued at the rate of three per cent, for
an iridelhiite period. I thought it the part of
practical wisdom to obtain the most that could
be under the circumstances. I therefore offered
the amendment continuing the income tax two
years, and no longer, at the reduced rate of
two and a half per cent. The adoption of that
amendment restored at once the reduction of
duty on sugar.
It seems to me, sir, that we can discontinue
the income tax and reduce the sugar duties,
amounting to $11,000,000, if we will consent
to restore the taxes on gross receipts. I am
willing to so vote; and if the Senate by unani-
mous consent will reconsider this vote and
restore that tax, 1 am willing to vote against
the restoration of the sugar duties and the
longer continuance of the income tax. I hope,
sir, that by general consent the motion to re-
consider will be allowed, so that the judgment
of the Senate may be more fully and clearly
expressed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts asks unanimous consent
to enter a motion, it being now out of time, to
reconsider the vote by which the income tax
provision was stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is objection. I ask
if it is in order to make the motion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is not in order, as the time for a recon-
sideration has elapsed.
Mr. WILSON. So I understood,-and I asked
unanimous consent for that reason. I want us
to put ourselves right on that question.
Mr. CONKLING. I think there will be a
vote, and a vote when the Senate is full, upon
the income tax.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will my friend from New
York allow me to make a suggestion ? Of course
there are ways in which this can be reached 
Mr. CONKLING. Several ways.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is better to have a
square vote by agreement unanimously.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is any parliament-
ary way to get at a vote, 1 have no objection;
but this thing of opening up and opening up 
Mr. CONKLING. I have the floor, and I
should like to make a suggestion.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The Senator |
from New York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. IftheSenator from Ohio,
or somebody for him, discovers the parliament-
ary way of doing it, then I understand he is
willing to have it done by a parliamentary
way—I mean a way which he cannot impede
by his objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes.
Mr. CONKLING. In that event, of course
his objection will cease to be very important
in this regard. I think no better parliamen-
tarian than I am can suggest several ways in
which the Senate may possess itself of the right
to record itself when it is full upon this ques-
tion. I have turned it over somewhat in my
mind, for the reason among others that I lay
on my back very ill the other night when this
vote was taken. My friend from Maine [Mr.
Hamlin] reminds me that he was kind enough
to pair with me on that occasion, which I
am obliged to him for doing; but I was about
to say that without any disclaimer from the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts every-
body who knows him would know that it was
very far from his purpose to select any unfair
occasion to make a record on this subject or
to dispose of the question. Nevertheless it so
happened, as the vote showed, that the Senate
was very thin, and it pained me to lose an
opportunity to record myself upon a question
which is among the very last questions upon
which I should like to be absent when the vote
was taken.
Now, if we may have a motion entered by
unanimous consent to reconsider this vote, and
take the question, I suggest to the Senator not
now, because the Senate is not full ; on the
contrary, there is more than one Senator who
is not here ifow and who will be here in the
morning, one or two who are absent from in-
disposition, who want to vote on this question
before the bill passes from the consideration
of the Senate. If we may have thatagreement,
I suggest to the Senator from Ohio it is the
shortest, and fairest, and most direct way of
disposing of this question. If we cannot have
thatagreement, then by a motion to strike out
not only those sections, but something in addi-
tion, we shall get a vote, or more conveniently
still, perhaps, we may get a vote upon a very
brief proviso to be offered as an amendment
to section thirty-five, to the effect that no such
tax shall be levied, collected, or paid until by
actof Congress it shallbe so hereafter directed,
which will test the sense of the Senate exactly.
Inasmuch as the bill is to go to a conference
committee, of course they will make it har-
monious in language if they do their duty, as
it is to be presumed they will. So that I think
all Senators will see that those of us who lost
the opportunity of voting upon this question
very unexpectedly the other evening will be
permitted to do it; and 1 hope that there may
be consent to entera motion to reconsider, and
that that motion may stand until a later stage
of the bill, if it goes over the evening, as no
doubt it will, when the vote may be taken. In
the absence of that, I shall myself make one
of the two motions which I have indicated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no doubt the first
motion my friend suggests would be in order,
to strike out those sections and a lot of other
things ; the second one would not be. I wish
to say simply this : that I should not object to
granting unanimous consent to reconsider this
vote if also the question on gross receipts can
be reconsidered.
Mr. SHERMAN. And sugar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not say sugar. That
is not a matter to which my attention has been
specially called. I do not want to occupy time ;
I only want to speak of these matters to which
my attention has been particularly drawn, and
the state of which governed my action as to
the income tax. I thought it was unwise to
continue it, provided we could raise sufficient
revenue otherwise and from better sources of
revenue. 1 thought gross receipts, as they are
called, and successions were better sources, and
therefore, on what was stated by the chairman,
that gross receipts would have to go in as a
matter of course, and as he intended they
should, I have not the least doubt; I voted to
