1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Currency Bill—Mr. Cox.
Ho. of Reps.
pations of the people, and by so doing prove
that it is one of the highest duties of Govern-
ment to provide at once a medium of exchange
of unvarying value.
GOLD AND MANUFACTURES.
That the manufacturing industry of the coun-
try has been greatly injured by a monetary sys-
tem so defective will be clearly seen if we take
into consideration the fact that the cost of pro-
duction is increased by it to such an extent as
iu many cases to render it quite impossible to
compete advantageously with foreigners who
make their goods under a sound currency.
Mr. ALLISON. You are not now consider-
ing the tariff.
Mr. COX. No; irrespective of the tariff
just now.
At the present time the American manufac-
turer is compelled to carry on his operations with
the poorest currency in the world, that is, the
most depreciated, and consequently lie cannot
send his commodities to other markets than
his own except at great disadvantage. This is
shown most strikingly in the falling off in the
export of our domestic manufactures for the
last ten years. In 1860 they amounted to
$47,000,000 ; in 1869 to but $42,000,000. Had
our currency been sound the exports of the last
-year might have been, and, according to the
•rate of increase prior to the suspension of the
banks, would have been $70,000,000.
As an illustration of the truth of this, we
find that our exports of cotton fabrics in I860
amounted to $10,934,790, while in 1868 they
were but $3,479,324, a falling off of $7,355,472,
equal to almost seventy per cent. With a sound
currency and a reasonable tarilf our manufac-
turers would drive those of Great Britain out
of every market in tbe world.
Another case in point is that of furniture and
other manufactures of wood, which amounted
in 1860 to $3,406,058, and in 1868 to but
$1,491,537, a falling off of some sixty percent.
This description of exports we used to send to
Brazil and other countries, and receive in
exchange hides and other commodities we are
now obliged to buy with gold. The manufac-
turing establishments of the country have been
increased to a greater extent during the last ten
years than the increase of population ; hence
the foreign export being largely curtailed by
the influence of our false measure of value, an
important department of the national industry
is depressed, and must continue so until goods
can be made and sold under an equal standard
of value.
GOLD AND TItADK.
There is another most important class upon
whom our unreliable currency presses with
great severity, namely, those engaged in con-
ducting the exchanges of the country, our mer-
chants and traders. Whatcalculationcan those
engaged in foreign commerce, for example,
possibly make when the premium on gold is
constantly fluctuating, when the rate may ad-
vance or recede ten or twenty per cent, in a
few days? What safety in importing goods
when the premium on gold may fall before they
can be got into market to such an extent as to
cause a serious loss? What safety in purchas-
ing flour or cotton for shipment when the pre-
mium on gold may change before the articles
arrive at Liverpool? Under a state of things
like the present, it is no matter of surprise that
all the operations of trade become mere gam-
bling adventures resulting favorably or other-
wise according to the vicissitudes of a gold
market manipulated by gangs of unscrupulous
speculators, and " modified" by theinterference
of the Treasury Department. [Laughter.]
What do we find as the result of all this de-
rangement of the industry and trade of the
nation? Universal despondency and doubt.
Nobody knows wliat to do, because nobody
knows what the fluctuations of the gold market
may be. Gold has beeu down to 107, because
the Secretary of the Treasury was pleased to
sell it at that rate. The premium is sow about
15. What it may be a month hence depends
mainly upon Mr. Boutwell and the surplus of
gold at his disposal. On " black Friday," last
year, it fluctuated through forty per cent, in
a few hours. All eyes are turned toward
Washington to learn what the future trade and
industry of the country are to be. Why is this ?
Of all places in the United States, Washington
is the last to which business men ought to be
obliged to look for direction ; and it would be
the last, but for the absurd intermeddling of
the Government with the trade of the natiou by
injudicious tariffs, and with the currency, by
making its paper a legal tender, and so flood-
ing the country with its depreciated notes as
to impair the standard of value and throw the
whole trade and industry of the nation into
confusion.
All this mischief has been done. The past
cannot be recalled, but the Representatives of
the people should demand that an end should
be put to all this and that the proper remedy
be at once and rigorously applied. Remedial
measures have been too long delayed already.
The happy moment when the work should have
been earnestly begun was at the first session of
Congress after the clos<3 of the war. Then the
country was in a good condition for the accom-
plishment of the object. The merchants were
well prepared to meet the gradual fall upon
their stocks which would have necessarily taken
place, for they had made immense profits during
the war and expected and could well afford to
suffer the shrinkage upon their stocks. They
had no fear of heavy losses upon their debts,
because they had but comparatively little due
to them, as trade during the war was mainly
carried on by cash transactions. The manu-
facturers, too, like the merchants, had made
large accumulations and wore ready to meet
that reduction of prices they had the good
sense to know must inevitably come, and for
them the sooner the better, since the sooner
would they be able to resume a regular and
profitable business.
The farmers, too, were in a good condition for
resumption, for the prices of their staples were
very high, owing to an extraordinary demand
from abroad and the deficiency occasioned by
the destruction caused by the war at home.
They were to a remarkable extent out of debt,
and in the best possible shape for meeting any
change which might occur in the price of their
products. As a general fact the agricultural
class were desirous of a speedy return to specie
payments. The whole country was expecting
some decisive policy on tbe part of the Govern-
ment that should secure a return to the specie
standard ; but what was done ? After much
delay Congress enacted that the Secretary of
the Treasury, who well understood the financial
condition of the country and desired a gradual
but efficient contraction, might reduce the cur-
rency by withdrawing greenbacksatthe rate of
$4,000,000 a month ; but as soon as the work
was commenced speculators in all parts of the
country took the alarm, knowing that the con-
traction policy would put an end to their voca-
tion, and through the agency of the press and
the lobby brought such a powerful influence to
bear upon Congress that the operation of the
law was suspended, and the country has drifted
on to the present moment, when resumption
is tenfold more difficult than four years ago;
because the speculation interest is tenfold more
powerful than then,-and has in its favor the
influence of more than sixteen hundred banks
with their $400,000,000 of capital.
GOLD AND SHIP-BUILDING.
Ship-building, it is hardly necessary to slate,
lias been nearly annihilated since the expan-
sion of the currency. Great complaints are
made, with good reason, against the exorbitant
rates of duty charged by our tariff upon articles
that enter into the building of ships; but were
all these duties rem'oved to-morrow the busi-
ness could not possibly flourish until the cur-
rency is brought to par with specie, for the
reason that labor would still be so much higher
in currency than it is in other countries in gold
that foreigners would continue to undersell us,
while in the mean time our ship-builders will
be out of employment. No mechanics before
the war were better paid than these—none,
perhaps, have lower wages now; indeed, most
of them have none at all, except as they engage
in other occupations ; and it may be asserted
with entire positiveness that no considerable
improvement can be expected in ship-building
until we have an honest currency. Let my
friend from Maine [Mr. Lynch] remember
this!
Much has been said and written since the
assembling of the present Congress upon the
depression of our commerce and the decline
of American shipping interests, and many prop-
ositions for its relief have been made in the
shape of bounties, exemption from taxation,
and drawbacks upon materials used in tbe con-
struction of vessels; but none of these reme-
dies will bo found at all adequate to meet the
necessities of the case. It is a sound currency
that above and far beyond all other things the
shipping interests of the country demand and
must have, or they can never flourish, iu all
the relations of foreign commerce wo come
into direct competition with those who produce
undera sound and unvarying standard of value.
Ships built on the Clyde or the St. J ohn are
built at gold prices, and of course are produced
at a much lower rate than we can build them
under a currency which inflates the cost of
materials and labor fifty to seventy per cent.
We can never compete with foreigners under
such circumstances, and it is quite useless to
try. So long as our present debased currency
exists our only wise policy is to give up all
attempts to recover our former greatness as a
commercial nation.
GOLD AND WAGES.
The theory was announced by an American
writer on finance some twenty years since that
wages never rose as soon nor to as great an
extent as commodities under an inflation of the
currency. That theory has been fully con-
firmed in the experience of the last ten years.
As the expansion occasioned by the issue of
greenbacks andnational bank notes was carried
forward prices rose with great rapidity and to
an enormous height, but wages advanced slowly
and have never attained an elevation equal to
that of commodities.
This is a matter of general observation, and
has been shown very conclusively by Mr. Wells
in his annual reports of the last two years.
From these it appears that the laboring classes
suffer a constant loss from the use they arc com-
pelled to make of a depreciated currency. If
we were to affirm that the laborers of the coun-
try on an average lose at least the value of one
day's work in every week in consequence of
this state of things, it would be quite within the
truth. Such a loss is a very heavy one for those
who earn their daily living by their daily toil.
GOLD AND TIIE AGIITCI'LTUR II. INTEREST.
But of all the great departments of our
national industry that of agriculture is, as we
all know, by far the most important, from the
number of persons it employs and the amount
of value it produces ; and upon this, above
any other department of production, a depre-
ciated currency inflicts the greatest amount of
injury and injustice. That this statement is
unexaggerated will appear from a careful ex-
amination of the manner in which the surplus
of all our agricultural products (and that sur-
plus is large and constantly increasing) must
be disposed of.
More wheat is annually raised in the United
States than is needed for home consumption,
