1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2399
of recognizing a Legislature so constituted;
and yet 1 believe tbat after all the Legislature
as it now stands does fairly represent a major-
ity of the people of Georgia, and probably is
about sucli a Legislature as would be elected
now if a free and unobstructed vote was had.
But under these circumstances we are called
upon to continue the term for which thesemen
were elected. The bill now before us, passed
by the House of Representatives, contains
what is called the Bingham amendment. I
have endeavored to analyze that, and I will
read the first clause of it:
"Provided, Thatnothinginthis act contained shall
be construed to vacate any of the offices now filled in
the State of Georgia, either by the election of the
people or by the appointment of the Governor there-
of, by and with the advice and conscnt of tho senate
of said State."
I do not see any objection at all to that part
of the proviso. Does Governor Bullock claim
that he has the right to remove the judges and
other officers who have been elected in the State
of Georgia? I ask my friend from Michigan
if he knows whether Governor Bullock claims
that he has the right to remove judges who have
been duly appointed by him, and confirmed by
the senate of Georgia, under the constitution
of Georgia?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not understand that
Governor Bullock makes any such claim or
ever did.
Mr. THURMAN. I think I can answer that
question. In the first place I can answer it
by the constitution of Georgia.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not ask for that, but
for the fact,
Mr. THURMAN. I have seen a publica-
tion purporting to be from Governor Bullock
in answer to the objection, stating that if the
Legislature now is organized properly for the
first time then his appointments of judges and
their ratification by the senate of Georgia
would count for nothing ; and be puts it dis-
tinctly on the ground that they were judges de
facto and not de jure.
Mr. SHERMAN. The position of these
judges is certainly as high as the position of
the Governor of the Slate of Georgia. They
claim under the same election. The Legis-
lature was elected at the same time that the
Governor was elected. The Legislature was
duly organized, the Governor made the appoint-
ments, the senate confirmed them, and those
judges are now in office. Now to claim that
Governor Bullock, all whose authority is de-
rived from the original election in April, 1868,
has the power to remove the judges whom he j
himself appointed it seems to me involves an j
absurdity and is adangerous assertion of power, j
Governor Bullock's authority relates back to j
the election. All that he has or all that we ]
can confer on him as Governor of the State of ;
Georgia depends on the vote of the people in i
April, 1868, and by that same vote a Legis- !
lature was elected; by that same vote under |
the operation of the Georgia constitution all t
the judges now hold office. I think, therefore, jj
that if Governor Bullock asserts that he has jj
the power to remove all the judges of the State i!
of Georgia we ought to enter our caveat against i|
that and prevent him from doing it. So that jj
as to the first clause I see no objection. jj
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator !j
allow me to call his attention to one matter in jj
connection with that clause, for I do not wish ;
the weight of his authority to be thrown in jj
favor of that particular clause, because it stands ;l
in direct opposition to a subsequent portion of jj
the bill, and if that clause remains m the bill i|
it is absolutely impossible for that portion of !j
it to be executed, or this clause itself must be j,
a nullity. The Senator will find, upon am jj
examination of the bill, this provision: j:
And provided further. That every such person— j j
That is, officer— ;!
who shall neglect for a period of thirty days nest d
after the passage of this act to take, subscribe, and
iilo such oath or affirmation as aforesaid, shall bo
deemed andtakcntoall intents and purposes to have
vacated his office.
And yet this clause to which the Senator
from Ohio says tliero is no objection expressly
declares—
That nothing in this act contained shall bo con-
strued to vacate any of the offices now filled in tho
State ot Georgia either by the election of the people,
or by the appointment of the Governor thereof by
and with the advice and consent of tho senate of
said State.
I do not sea how these two provisions are
consistent with each other, or how they can
stand together; and I hope the Senator will
look into them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I h;ive considered that,
and endeavored to find some apology for my
vote on that basis; but let us look at it. This
provision simply is that in case tho officer does
not take the oath within thirty days there shall
be a vacancy in the office. Then the constitu-
tion of Georgia expressly provides in section
nine of the judiciary article—
"That judses of the supremo and tho superior
courts, tho attorney general, solicitors general, and
the district judges and attorneys, shall be appointed
by tho Governor, with the advice and consent of the
senate, and shall bo removablo by the Governor on
tho address oftvvo thirds of each branch of theGcn-
eral Assembly, or by impeachment and conviction
thereon."
And it provides for filling vacancies during
the recess of the senate. If there is a vacancy
from inability to take the oath, resignation,
death, or otherwise, Governor Bullock undoubt-
edly can fill that vacancy by tho express pro-
vision of the constitution of Georgia. But
suppose there is no vacancy, suppose a judgs
duly appointed under the same authority under
which he acts as Governor comes up and takes
the oath, and there is no case of death, resig-
nation, or vacancy, how can he turn him out?
It he claims that power it ought to be guarded
agamst.
Mr. STEWART. Suppose the senate was
not organized at all to confirm those appoint-
ments, could he not withdraw them and send
in others now? Suppose they had never been
confirmed by any legally-organized senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is no Legislature
of Georgia there is no Governor Bullock there
to exercise liispowers. They both were elected
under the same election, both hold their office
by the same tenure.
Mr. STEWART. Have we not decided that
the Legislature never did organize until Janu-
ary last ?
Mr. SHERMAN. But now we have recog-
nized their organization. All the previous
action was provisional, but all these measures
relate back to the election. The whole basis
of authority in Georgia rests upon the first
election in April, 18G8.
Now I come to the second clause of what is
called the Bingham amendment:
Neither shall this act bo construed to extend the
official term of' any officer ol' said State beyond the
term limited by tho constitution thcroor, dating
from tho election or appointment of such officer.
I have carcfully examined the constitution
of tho State of Georgia. I have carefully ex-
amined all the reconstruction acts; I have list-
ened to the honorable Senator from Michigan,
and I am utterly unable to find even a plausi-
ble show of authority in the constitution of the
State of Georgia for the Governor or anybody
else in Geoigia to extend the term ot anybody
elected or appointed. The honorable^ Senator
from Michigan rested his argument, which was
a very plausible one I must comcss, upon the
ordinance mainly.
Mr. HOWARD. No.
Mr. SHERMAN. What eke? I will read
tho ordinance first and then ask the Senator to
refer to the clause of the constitution:
"And the persons so elcoted or appointed shall
enter upon the duties of the several offices to which
they have been respectively elected, when author-
ized so to do by acts of Oongre??1, or by the order 01
the general commanding'—
That order was issued, I think, in July,
1868—
"and shall continue in office until the regular suc-
cession provided for after the year 1868" —
Which is 1870, my honorable friend- will
agree—
" and until successors are elected and qualified; so
that said officers shall each of them hold their offices
as though they were elected on the Tuesday after
tho first Monday in November, 186S."
It -so happens that this first election was
held in April, 1868. It became necessary for
the "first Legislature to hold more than two
years. This would be in. violation of the terms
of the constitution, because the members
the General Assembly were elected for two
years. Therefore the power was given by this
ordinance to the General Assembly to prolong
its existence until the time when the. next
Legislature would be regularly elected; that is,
until November, 1870, which would be six or
seven months longer than the two years for
which they were elected. Is not that the fair
construction? Can we give it any other con-
struction as lawyers? Now, if my honorable
friend has any other clause on which this
authority is based, I would ask him to turn
me to it.
Mr. HOWARD. Page 5, section one of
article three.
Mr. SHERMAN. All those clauses in arti-
cle three rather tend to bear against the argu-
ment of the Senator, because it is provided that
the first meeting of the General Assembly shall
bo within ninety days after the adjournment of
the convention. The convention was then in
session, and within ninety days after that period
the members of the Legislature must convene.
They did convene. They were to hold for two
years, with the right also to extend their term
to theregular election, which, by express terms,
was to be in 1870. I cannot see intne consti-
tution or any of the ordinances authority for
this Legislature to extend itself a single hour
beyond the regular election in 1870.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose the honorable
Senator looks at section one, article three; the
last part of the second clause of that section.
Mr. SHERMAN. The second clause reads:
"Tile election for members of the General Assem-
bly shall begin on Tuesday after the first Monday in
November of evciy second year, oxcept the first
election, which shall be within sixty days after the
adjournment of this convention; but tho General
Assembly may by law chango ttie timo of election,
and the members shall hold until their successors are
elected and qualified."
This clause simply gives them the powerof
fixing the day of election; instead of itsbeing
on the first Monday of November of each sec-
ond year, they are authorized within the period
of their term to fix the time on some otherday.
That is all there is of it, and it seems to me
that unless my honorable friend was pressed
very strongly to some other conclusion or con-
struction he could hardly come to it.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
interpolates tue words '-within the term."
They are not m the clause.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this Legislature has the
[lower to prolong its existence, it is not only
anti-republican but it is dangerous to the lib-
erties of any people. No such clause as that
could be presumed to be in any constitution
declared to be republican in form. Such a
construction as that cannot be given to such
a clause in a republican constitution. One of
the virtues of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts is that it guards
against such a construction as this, and I think
my friend from Michigan would not resort to
it unless he was very hard driven for an argu-
ment. '
I am perfectly willing to do whatever 1 can
to protect the Union people of Georgia, within
the limits of the Constitution, so far as 1 can.
I will stretch every authority I can find 111 the
law or Constitution to give to them the protec-
tion which they ought to have. Ihe question
now turns on whether Congress can exorcise
the power of extending the term of the present
Legislature; and I must confess if it is to be
done at all, I would rather a great deal do it
by the power of Congress than by the authority
