1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
was brought by the owner of the boat for dam-
ages for the seizure. The supreme court of
New York held that the decision of the district
court was conclusive as to the illegality of the
seizure, and also held that if it were not so the
seizure was clearly unauthorized under the act
of Congress^ because the act onlyrelated to con-
tests among independent nations. This decision
was affirmed by the court of errors i n New York,
(14 Johns. R., 661.) The case was afterwards
taken to the Supreme Court under the twenty-
fifth section of the judiciary act, and the judg-
ment of the New York courts was there affirmed.
After this decision in the New York courts
Congress on the 30th March, 1817, passed
a new act to remedy the defect of the former
act, (3 Statutes-at-Large, 870,) and declared it
to be a crime for any person within the United
States to fit out and arm, &e., any ship or ves-
sel with intent that such ship or vessel should
be employed in the service of any foreign
prince or State, or of any colony, district, or
people, to cruise or commit hostilities or to aid
or cooperate in any warlike measure whatever
against the subjects, citizens, or property of
any prince or State, or of any colony, district,
or people with whom the United States are at
peace, &c.
And again, in the act of 1818 (3 Statutes-at-
Large, 447) Congress reenacted and revised
all the laws upon this subject and continued
the provisions of the actof 1817 in substance,
which latter act is now in force. The third
and eleventh sections of this act are as follows:
Sf:o. 3. And be it further enacted, That if any per-
son shall withmthe limits of the United States fit out
and arm, or attempt to fit out and arm, or procuio to
be titled out and armed, or shall knowingly be con-
cerned in the furnishing, fitting out, or arming of
any ship or vessel with intent that such ship or ves-
sel shall be employed in the service of any foroign
prmceorState, or of any colony, district, orpeoplo, to
cruise or commit hostilities againstthosubjocts.eiti-
zens, or property of any foreign prince or State, or
?} any colony, district, or people with whom tho
United States are atpcace, or shall issue or deliver
a commission within the tcrritoiy or jurisdiction of
the United States for any ship or vessel to the intent
that she may bo employed as aforesaid, every person
so offending shall be deemed guilty of a high misde-
meanor, and shall bo fined not more than $10,000,
and imprisoned not more than throe years; and
every such ship or vessel, with her tackle, apparel,
and furniture, together with all materials, arms,
ammunition, and stores which may have been pro-
cured for the building and equipment thereof, shall
be forfeited; one halt to the use of the informer, and
the other half to the uso of the United States."
Sue. 11. And be it further enacted. That the col-
lectors of the customs be, and they are hereby, re-
spectively, authorized and required to detain any
vessel maniiestly built for warlike, purposes, and
about to depart tho United States, of which the cargo
shall principally consist of arms and munitions of
war, when tho number of men shipped on board or
other circumstances shall render it probable that
sueh vessel is intended to be employed by the owner
or owners to cruise or commit hostilities upon the
immaterial words it provides that it shall be
a crime to fit out, &c., in the United States—
"Any ship or vessel with intent that such ship.or
vessel shall be employed in the service of any for-
eign State" * * * * " to cruise or com-
mit hostilities against the subjects of any foreign
State, or of any colony, district, or people," &e.
To fit out a vessel in the United States to be
employed by Spain against her subjects in Cuba
is a violation of this act; because Spain is a
foreign State, and the Cubans are subjects of
a foreign State. This is exactly what the act
forbids.
It has been claimed that this act does not
apply to service of a foreign State against her
own subjects. But such construction of the
statute cannot be sustained, for various rea-
sons:
1. The only safe rule for the interpretation
of a statute is to read it in the light of the cir-
cumstances which caused its enactment; or,
as the law-writers say, by considering the evil
which it was intended to remedy. The act of
1794 was held not to include any case except
of hostilities between two independent, recog-
nized States. Of course it did not apply to
the case of a rebellion until the rebel govern-
ment should be recognized as an independent
State. This was the very evil which the act
of 1817 and the revision of 1818 was intended
to remedy.
2. To construe the act as not applying to
the rebellion in Cuba it is necessary to inter-
polate after the words " against the subjects
of any foreign State " the phrase " other than
the subjects of the State in whose service such
vessel is to be employed." This would be
legislation, not interpretation. The act reads,
" to be employed by any foreign State against
the subjects of any State."
3. That the intention of Congress was as I
claim it to be appears from the debates upon
its passage in the House of Representatives.
Mr. Forsythe, who reported the bill, declared
that it was entirely impartial between Spain
and her revolted colonies ; and I have already
shown that the Parliament of Great Britain
passed a similar act in 1818 for the express
purpose of enabling her to be impartial as be-
tween Spain and her colonies, who were then
in revolt.
Now, upon this statute I submit that it is
wholly immaterial whether or not a condition
of things exists in Cuba which by the law of
nations amounts to a state of war. It is a
violation of this statute to fit out a vessel to be
employed by Spain to commit hostilities against
her subjects. Is there a Senator in this Cham-
ber who is not satisfied that Spain has fitted
out these gun-boats for this very purpose?
Another remark upon this statute: in regard
subjects, citizens, or property of any foreign prince I i| £"maiic upon inis Si£ _ _
or btate, or of any colony, district, or people with 1 t0 a" cases or hostilities between an ladcpend-
wh fini t)io TTriifnrl Ufni-nB aka wn..An l.: 1 11- ,1 ■ ! I /• «-,*. « J li.  1.*
whom the United States are at peace, until tho decis-
ion of the President bohad thoroon, or until the
owner or owners shall give sueli bond and security
as is required of the owners of armed ships by the
preceding section of this act."—3 Statutes-at-Large,
448. 449.
ent State and its revolted subjects the question
of intent upon which the vessel is forfeited is
one of fact, to be judicially ascertained. In case
of a war between Great Britain and Prance a
, proclamation of the President declaring that
In absolute strictness of definition the phrase !i such war existed would by our judicial courts
'fitting out a vessel" might be held to pre- jl be deemed conclusive evidence of the existence
suppose a completely constructed vessel to be j; of such war; but if such war existed, though
" fitted out."_ But as the phrase is used in our
statutes and in the decisions of our courts of
law it includes the building of a vessel of war. , could hear evidence upon the subject of the
Thu tntanl    1 I U.li:   L II ' . i. .. „ j. *<.1 V ♦   f   r-> J , ■  « .
the President might not have issued his proc-
lamation, there can be no doubt that a court
The intent to build such vessel by a belligerent
in the United States is illegal, and everything
done, from the laying of the keel to the driving
of the last nail, is a violation of this law. This
is apparent from the phraseology of the third
section, which declares that all materials which
may have been procured for the building of the
vessel shall be forfeited. So in the case of the
li^tella (4 Wheaton) the court say it is illegal
io fit out or furnish a vessel, &c. Furnishing
i ncludes everything necessary to the vessel after
it is built. So the court employ the phrase fit
out as synonymous with the word building.
(See also the expressions of Nelson J., in trial
of the Meteor, page 6.)
intent with which one of these Powers had fitted
out vessels in the United States, and in the
proper case made declare a forfeiture of the ves-
sel. So in case of a conflict between a rebel-
lious colony and its parent State a proclamation
from our President that such hostilities existed
might be conclusive evidence of the fact; but
should the President omit to issue such proc-
lamation the courts could proceed on other
evidence to adjudge a condemnation of the ves-
sel. In other words, whether or not our laws
have been violated must depend upon the real
facts of the_ case, not upon the proclamation
of the President; and the courts charged with
the administration of this neutrality act may
I desire to call attention to the precise lan- | proceed upon any evidence which by the rules
guage of this carefully-drawn act. Omitting of law may be offered for its consideration. A
proclamation of the President is evidence, the
highest evidence ; but it is only evidence of the
existence of hostilities, and in the absence of a
proclamation the facts upon which the forfeit-
ure of a vessel-is claimed must be established
by other evidence. Chief Justice Marshall, in
his opinion in the famous case of The United
S'atescs.. Palmer, (o Wheaton, G34,) said :
"Those questions which respect the rights of a
part of a foreign empire which asserts and is con-
tending for its independence, and the conduct which
must be observed by the courts of the Union toward
the subjects of such section of an empire who may
be brought before the tribunals of this country, are
equally delicatc and difficult.
" As it is understood that the construction which
has been given to the act of Congress will render a
particular answer to them unnecessary, the court
will only observe that such questions are generally
rather political than legal in their character. They
belong more properly to those who can declare what
the law shall be ; who can place the nation in such
a position with respect to foreign Powers as to their
own judgment shall appear wiser to whom are
intrusted all its foreign relations, than to that tri-
bunal whose power as \ye 11 as duty is confined to the
application of the rule which the Legislature may
prescribe for it. In such contests a-nation may engage
itself with the one party or the other, may observe
absolute neutrality, may recognize the new State
absolutely, or may make a limited recognition of it.
"The proceeding in courts must depend so en-
tirely on tho course of the Government that it is
difficult to give a precise answer to questions which
do not refer to a particular nation. It may be said,
generally, that if the Government remains neutral
and recognizes the existence of a civil war its courts
cannot consider as criminal those acts of hostility
which war authorizes and whieli the new Govern-
ment may direct against its enemy. To decide other-
wise would be to determine that the war prosecuted
by one of the parties was unlawful, and would be to
arraign tho nation to which the court belongs against
that party. This would transcend the limits pro-
scribed to the judicial department.
"It follows as a consequence from this view of the
subject that persons or vessels employed in the ser-
vice of a self-deelared Government, thus acknowl-
edged to be maintaining its separate existence bv
war, must be permitted to prove the fact of their
being actually employed in such service by the same
testimony which would be sufficient to prove that
such vessel or person was employed in the service of
an acknowledged State. The seal of such acknowl-
edged Government cannot be permitted to prove
itself; but it may bo proved by some testimony as
tho nature of the case admits; and the fact that such
vessel or person is employed may be proved without
proving the seal."
Now, what I claim is that the Government
ought to libel these gun-boats upon the only
ground that ever existed for proceedings against
them : that they have been fitted out to be used
in the service of Spain against her revolted
subjects in Cuba; and then the Cubans would
have an opportunity to establish if they can
that their representations as to the conditions
of things in that island are true. Nothing short
of affording this opportunity will discharge our
full duty in the premises. Spain, employing
all her available military and naval forces, has
been unable for more than a year to suppress
the revolt in Cuba. If she shall by means of
these gun-boats be able to accomplish what she
has not been able to and probably could not
do without them, and the subjection of that
island shall thus be effected, to be followed
with shooting, hanging, and the wholesale pun-
ishments which always follow Spanish victories
on this continent, Cuba may say, the world
will say, and what is worse we shall know, that
we have furnished to Spain the means by which
this result is accomplished. If there be no
war in Cuba, then Spain will not greatly suffer
from the delay necessary to try the question.
Cuba holds up her hands to us, states her case,
represents her condition; Spain denies the truth
of these statements, and Cuba offers to prove
them. Shall we deny her this opportunity ?
There is another reason why we ought to
do this. Cuba could to-morrow make terms
with either France or England, which would
insure her independence from Spain, but that
both those Powers know that if such thing
should be attempted the United States would
seize the island.
Thus we are holding Cuba in slavery to Spain.
We deny her the rights under our neutrality
laws which she offers to prove in our courts
she is by her condition entitled to, and we pre-
vent her from appealing to France or England,
