1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3343
without regard to sex, shall b® eligible to be
appointed and to act &s assistant marshals of
the United States, and to perform all duties
authorised by the act of May 23, 18o0, provid- 1
in-; for taking the seventh ceusus, &c.,and the
acts amendatory thereof. >
Mr. PETERS. 1 object.
jl. s. wall and company.
Mr. GETZ, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. II. No. 1901) for the relief of
M. S. Wall & Co.; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
J R. MTXDOKK.
Mr. GETZ also, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. U. No. 1%2) for the relief
of J. R. Pundore; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
william t. stotts.
Mr. LOUGHlilDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary a bill (H. li. No. 1963) for the relief
of William T. Siotts; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
recommitted.
amrndment of the hulks.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, sub- ,
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, and referred to the Committee on the '
Rules: j
Retolved, That the following be adopted as a rule
of the! louse:
Bills and resolution? ordered by committees tobe
reported may be presented to the Clert, and shall
thereupon be entered upon the Journal and printed,
an.] their titles enured upon a speeial Calendar,
■which shall bo printed and laid npon the tables of
Keprescntatives on Monday ot each week; and on
the next Saturday, immediately ai'fer the readingof
the Journal, and before the House shall proceed to
any other business, the Speaker shall Cause the same
to beeu'letl for action by unanimous consent. All
bll'.sanil resolutions to which noobjeetion shall then
be made shall pass without amendment; all others
«hal! be placed in their order upon the next special
Calendar. Bills and resolutions so presented may be
brought before the House tor action in the regular
call of the committees lor reports. No debate shall
W in order pending the proceedings herein provided
for.
bealt river, ktc , canal company.
Mr. HOOPE", of Utah, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (LI. R. No. 1965) to
incorporate the Bear Kiver and Cache Valley
Canal Company, and for a grant of land to aid
in the construction of a canal for irrigation and
other purposes in the Territories of Utah and
Idaho; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
melissa p.askin.
Mr. COBUliN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1966) for the relief of
Melissa Rankin, mother of O. S. Rankin, late
first lieutenant tenth Indiana volunteers; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
i
mrs. harriet siiacklktt.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1967) for the relief of Mrs. Harriet Shacklett;
■which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
part owners of vessels.
Mr. PETERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1968) defining the rights
of part owners of vessels in certain cases; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
t discharge of poor convicts.
Mr. PETERS also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. It. No. 1969) in regard
to the discbarge of poor convicts; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Jndiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
UBIR9 OF COMMANDER EDWARD p. WILLIAMS.
Mr. PETERS also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1970) granting
relief to the minor children of the late TSdwara
P. Williams, of the Oneida; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
sureties of captain a. r. i1entzbll.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1971) for the re-
lief of the sureties of the late Captain A. R.
Hentzell; which was read a first and second
time, and referred, with accompanying papers,
to the Committee of Claims.
customs 8t0rkh0usks at new york.
Mr. CALKIN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Iletolvetl, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish to this House the oorrospottdence
between the {Department and the commissioners of
tho sinking fund of New York city in regard to sale
of part of the Battery to the Government for tho
crection of customs storehouses thereon.
loss of tub oneida.
Mr. WILLIAMS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1972) authorizing
the payment of pensions to the nearest rela-
tives of persons lost on the United States
steamer Oneida; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
; on Invalid Pensions.
! government officers in texas.
Mr. WHITMORE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1973) to provide
for a building suited to the use of the post
office, the revenue offices, and the judicial
offices of the United States in the city of
Tyler, Texas; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
john w. salyers.
Mr. TYNER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 1974) granting a pen-
sion to John W. Salyers, a soldier of the war
of 1812; which was read a first and second
lime, and referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions and War of 1812.
order of business.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I rise to a parliament-
ary inquiry. I wish to know whether the call
of States for bills and resolutions goes over
till next Monday on account of the adjourn-
ment yesterday ?
The SPEAKER. It does. These bills are
all introduced by unanimous consent.
reconsideration of references.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vari-
ous votes by which bills, &c., had been referred
and recommitted: and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay of witnesses and jurors.
Mr. BARRY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1975) to increase the
pay of witnesses and jurors in United States
courts of Mississippi; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
j post roads in mississippi.
Mr. BARRY also, by unanimous consent,
, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1976) to establish
certain post roads ; which was read a first and
| second time, and referred to the Committee on
I the Post Office and Post Roads.
i william 8nelling.
■ On motion of Mr. 8COFIELD, by unani-
| mous consent, the Committee en Naval Affairs
; was discharged from the further consideration
■ of the petition of William Snelling, of Phila-
I delphia, Pennsylvania; and the same was laid
t on the table.
VAOIFIO SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH.
On motion of Mr. KETCHAM, by unani-
mous consent, tho Committee on the Public
Lands was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 1778) to incor-
porate the Pacific Submarine Telegraph Com-
pany, and to facilitate telegraph communica-
tion between America and Asia; and the same
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
improvement of navigation to houston.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution (H. li. No.
284) to provide for a survey for a channel of
navigation from the city of Houston, Texas,
through Buffalo bayou and Galveston bay, lo
Bolivar channel, near the outer bar in the
Gulf of Mexico; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee ou
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
government receipts and expenditures.
Mr. CONNER. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following preamble and resolu-
tion :
Whoreas the Constitution of the United States arti-
cle one, section nine, provides that "aregular state-
ment and account of the receipts and expenditures
of all public money shall be published from time to
time; and whereas, pursuant to this provision of
organic law, the House of Representatives did by its
standing order of December SO, 1791, as amended by
the aot of August 26,1842, provide " that it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to lay be-
fore the House of Heprcsentatives on the fourth Mon-
day of October in eaoh year, if Congress shall then
be in session, or, if not then in session, within the
first week of the session next following the said fourth
Monday in October, an accurate statement and ac-
count of the receipts and expendituresof all tho pub-
lic moneys," down to the last day of the preceding
month of June, "distinguishing the amount of ttie
receipts of each State or district, and from each
officer therein; in which statement shall also be dis-
tinguished the expenditure which shall fall under
each head of appropriation, and shall be shown the
gums, if any, which remain unexpended, and to be
accounted for in the next statement of each and
every of such appropriation;" and whereas it does
not appear that such annual detailed account of the
public moneys has been published since the year
1866: Now, therefore,
Me it resolved, That the Secretary of tho Treasury
is hereby requested to inform this House why such
account has not been published, as required by the
Constitution and the laws.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that preamble
and resolution be referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey. I object to
the resolution.
member sworn in.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. The House yesterday re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections the cre-
dentials of Joseph H. Lewis, Representative-
elect from the third districtof Kentucky. There
has been no meeting of that committee this
morning; but I have conferred with such of
the members as I could find in the House, a
majority of the committee I believe, and we
are unanimously of the opinion that the cre-
dentials are regular. I therefore move that
Mr. Lewis be now sworn in. Having been
relieved of political disabilities imposed by
the third section of the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution he will take the oath of
office in such case provided.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Lewis then presented himself at the
Speaker's desk and was duly sworn in.
V
northern pacific railroad
The SPEAKER. The first thing in order
this morning is the unfinished business of
Thursday last, a joint resolution (S. R. No.
121) authorizing the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company to issue its bonds for the construc-
tion of its road, and to secure the same by
mortgage, and for other purposes; and on or-
dering the joint resolution to a third reading
the main question has been ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that the joint
resolution be read.
Mr. ARNELL. I object. t
