1466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
measure which shall at least commence the
business of ascertaining whether any of the
principal harbors of the nation are to be
choked, injured, or encroached upon.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, it seems
to me that we had better have a little time to
reflect upon this subject. There is no danger,
in my view, of the great harbor of New York
being choked up. Her harbor has been the
faTorite of the nation ; our legislation has gone
in that direction. Millionshave been expended
there where pennies have been expended at
other places for making harbors and protect-
ing cities. Just now, under the patronage
of the great capitalists of New York, there
is talk of making a great harbor; a harbor
greater than that of New York, as much
greater than the harbor of New York as the
harbor of New York is to the harbor of Phila-
delphia—I mean the harbor at Norfolk. Mil-
lions of dollars are now about being expended
to develop the value of that harbor and its
great power of protection to the Navy of this
country. As the southern States are just
about' coming in we ought to giire them an
opportunity to be taken care of. Why, sir, the
harbor of Norfolk is as superior to the harbor
of New York as the harbor of Liverpool is to
the harbor of London. For hundreds of years
■ the legislation of Great Britain was to make
London the great sea-port of the world. Lat-
terly, within the last century, Liverpool has
outstripped it a hundredfold. So has Glas-
gow, because nature was there giving a harbor
and giving the means to make a great town.
New York, I think, next to Norfolk is the
greatest harbor we have on the Atlantic coast;
but Norfolk to my mind is far superior. We
ought to wait before we go on stimulating this
place and turning over the whole power of the
Government to stimulate the protection of the
harbor of New York.
Men here talk of protection to manufactures,
and perhaps the New York Senators will be
the first to talk against that. The fact is that
we have given more protection to the har-
bor of New York and the commerce of New
York a hundredfold than we have given to
manufactures. AH our energies since the old
Bank of the United States was broken down
bave been to build up a great town there, and
we are all proud to see that a great town has
been built; but let usdo justice to otherplaces.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest that the more
inferior the harbor of New York is the less
we can aft'ord to have it filled* up. If it be
really a second-class harbor now I hope the
honorable Senator will vote with me to pre-
vent its being choked up.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator from
Pennsylvania will pardon me for a moment I
should like to make a suggestion.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
Mr. CHANDLER. This bill has nothing
to do with the harbor of New York any more
than it has to do with Norfolk. It was intro-
duced originally on the recommendation of the
engineer corps, to prevent the building of a
bridge in Boston harbor which would obstruct
the navy-yard at Charlestown. It was then
made more general, and made to cover all the
harbors and navigable rivers of the United
States, and places them under the control of
this board. The object was to stop the initial
steps of building a bridge which would block
up the navy-yard near Boston. That was the
origin of it.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well; then I say
that the object of this amendment is to stop
the building of that bridge for the present.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will allow me I shoald like to ask the
Senator from Michigan a question.- Will this
affect the harbor of Detroit?
Mr. CHANDLER. Very much.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then 1 think the request
of the honorable Senator from New Jersey is
a reasonable one, to postpone the bill until
to-morrow.
Mr. CAMERON. This is a very important
subject; and the bill, as I see, is intended to
stimulate the expenditures of the Government
for the city of New York and its harbor. After
awhile its harbor will be extended along the
Hudson river. There has been more money
expended in making the navigation of the Hud-
son river safe than ever has been devoted to
the protection of the manufactures of the coun-
try. Then there is Hell Gate, or Hurl Gate,
that we are constantly spending money for.
That is all right. I have great pride in the
harbor of New York, and from observation I
am satisfied it is the most beautiful place in the
world. I have heard people talk about the
famed bay of Naples ; out for beauty, grand-
eur, and sublimity it is not to be compared to
: the great bay of New York. From the moment
you leave the Camden and Amboy railroad
wharf at South Amboy until you get to the city
of New York you have such beautiful scenery
and to such an extent as is not to be seen any-
where in the Old World. And, by the way,
there is no part of the world where there is so
much enterprise and where enterprise has been
so fully rewarded as New York. There is the
; place where men go to tnake millions in a year,
| and they have often succeeded. That is no
reason, however, why we should turn the whole
legislation of the country to the benefit of that
city. Let us wait awhile, and let us see what
can be done in other places.
My friend from New York always laughs
when I speak, and it always humbles me, be-
cause I have such respect for his good judg-
ment that I am afraid I am sayingsome foolish
thing when he looks at me and laughs. I know
it is a common thing for young folks to believe
that old folks are fools, while old people know
that young people are fools. [Laughter.]
Experience is agreat teacher. I have lboked
at the beginning of this whole internal improve-
ment system in our country. I was one of the
first men who attempted to make a railroad in
the United States, and I was one of the first
men who attempted to make a canal. New
York owes her great wealth to the canal origin-
ated by her great legislators fifty years ago.
I am not one of those who believe that De Witt
Clinton is entitled to the whole credit of it;
but there were a number of great men in New
York at that day who saw that communication
immediately from the lakes to the ocean would
build np that city to the greatness it now has.
I honor their prescience and their sagacity
and their wisdom, and I am glad to see that
all they anticipated fifty years ago has come to
be the truth ; but I do not believe in conse-
quence of that we are bound to do everything
that New York asks and do it at once without
reflection or consideration.
Here is the harbor of Norfolk, as I said a
little while ago, unsurpassed in all that makes
a harbor; with a climate around it such as the
world never had in a harbor like that, with
protection not only for the Navy and commerce
of the United States, but capacious enough to
receive the commerce of the world within its
protecting walls; with a vast country beyond,
enough to support a city of millions of people.
All that is going to be interfered with now if
yon give the whole power of protecting this
harbor of New York to three individuals.
Who are they?. First, who is the head of
the Coast Survey? A scientific gentleman; per-
haps the ablest in his way of any man in the
world. Then, I believe, the chief of engineers
is named—a most skillful and learned man;
but what does he know about commerce, or
what does he know about the necessities of
trade ? The life of both these gentlemen has
been devoted to the stndy of the abstruse
sciences, which few attempt to understand
and which fewer ever master. Then who is
next? The chief of the Bureau of Navigation.
Who is he ? I do not know who he is, but he
is an obscure gentleman occupying that place.
What does he know? He is a gentleman
occupying a $3,000 place, from which he may
be turned out to-morrow by the head of the
Navy Department and some man, a lieuten-
ant or commander in the Navy, put in his
stead. These three men are to be " ex officio
members of the board; the other members,
to be appointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, shall
be taken from civil life." Three, a major-
ity, are already named in the act. "The
members shall elect by ballot out of their
number to be president," &c. This virtually
leaves the whole power of this vast ex-
penditure to three- men now living by the
pay and the patronage of the Government. If
a great question of this kind is to be settled
we should take three of the greatest men in
the country who have no pecuniary, local; or
personal interest in the neighborhood in which
they live; for I tell you it is going to fix a
power which will say that one city and one
harbor shall be the recipient of all the com-
merce of this country for an age to come.
This is "a bill for the preservation of the
harbors of the United States against encroach-
ments." Why, sir, is there a word in that
title from which anybody could understand
what this bill means? It is not like my prac-
tical, good friend from Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is there anything more
practical ? It is as clear as the English lan-
guage can make it. It is based on common
sense.
Mr. CAMERON. If it said that it was to
prevent any particular thing from being done,
any particular wrong from being attempted,
there would be something like common sense
in it. But you designate three men to say
what shall be a harbor, where it shall be, how
extensive it shall be, and how much money
shall be expended for its preservation.
Mr. CHANDLER. No; I beg the Senator's
pardon, we do not. They do not say how much
money shall be expended. All that there is
in this bill is that this board of commissioners
is allowed to stop any work that may become
a nuisance until Congress shall have acted
upon it. The Senator misinterprets it.
Mr. CAMERON. Let me read a little fur-
ther :
The board thus constituted shall be attached to
the War Department, and shall perform its duties
under the direction of the Secretary of War.
Leaving the whole board to the Secretary
of War, who can be removed any day by the
President.
Shall adopt such rules for its government as may
be judged expedient, and shall electa chairman, <to.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator evidently
has not the right bill. Everything that he
reads has been stricken out and an amend-
ment adopted in place of it. He is reading
what has been stricken out. If the Senator
had remained in his seat and paid attention to
his business he would know all about it; but evi-
dently he is under a misapprehension of the
wllol@ C&S6 
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator is mistaken.
The bill provides—
. That it shall be the duty of the board, having de-
termined the boundaries of any harbor as aforesaid,
to make a plan thereof, and to describe the game in
writing, a detailed report of which shall be made to
the Seoretary of War: and all maps and charts defin-
ing the boundaries of harbors shall be deposited in
the office of the chief of the corps of engineers, 4c.
I know it is very common when men have
got a particular hobby—perhaps if I did not
like the gentlemen who are in favor of this
bill so much I would say scheme—they laugh
at those who oppose it. I am opposed to
leaving the power of constructing and defin-
ing the length and width and dimensions of
harbors to any board without a great deal
more reflection. The whole of that bay of
New York at d the Raritan bay may become
the harbor of New York; ultimately it will.
Next to Norfolk it is the finest harbor in the
