8344
THUS CONGBBSSIQNAL GLOBE.
May 10,
Mr. FARNSWORTIL I >asfc unanimous
consent to make a statement of one minute's
leit^ih, . . ,
There was no objection.
. Mr. FAHNSWQR L'H. Mr. Speaker,.there
are two amendments which gentlemen of this,
House desire to have voted on. One is reserv-
ing to Congress the rightto fix the tariff of rates
forireightaud lare upon this ro^d. and the other
to coniine the sales of land in limited quantities
to actual settlers. With the right to vote on
these two amendments, and with a brief dischB'
ston of this joint resolution, which graritsover
Jiffy millions acres of land to this corporation,-
and it may he seveoty-fiveor hundred niil-'
lions ncrcsfrom the phraseology used -"-only one
hourofdebatehavingbeenallowedonit,anathat
portioned out to thoseonly to whora the gentle-
man having charge of the joiflt resolution saw
tit to yield—with th« right to vote on the
amendments, I have suggested, andabrief dis-
cussion, I think the members I am operating
with will be content. Without them X for one
am disposed to fight the proposition. It is too
Jjiif a <lo-.t>.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask unanimous consent
to say a word in reply.
There whs no objection.
Mr. WHEELER. The matter of charges
for Government, transportation is fully regu-
lated by the original charter. 1 have repeatedly
declared that 1 did not regard it as equitable
t.<> attach a provision to this old grant limiting
the price of the land. In this opinion the
Senate has by a yery large majorityeoncnrred;
so has the House Qpmmittee on the Papifie
Railroad and on the Public Laaids. The bit!
as it now stands Ijrts beSn sustained bydecided
majority of the House at eviry stage^- I do
not the it1 fore feel at. liberty, if 1 had the power,
to consent thijt it shall be changed. The
responsibility of delaying its passage and of
stopping the wheeis of legislation is entirely
with those who are nt>t content with theactioii
of ihe majority. I insist on the previousque^
lion. , ■
Mr.'HAWLEY.' Mr- Speaker 
The SPEAKER. For what purpose does
the gentleman rise ?
Mr. HAWLEY. I rise eiitoply for the pur-
pose ef denying that a majority of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands ever consented to
the passage of this joint resolution;
Mr. FAHNSWORL'H. 1 move that thefe
he a call of the Honsts. •
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. And .pa. jfchat
motion I demand the yeas and pays'.. " ,
The yeas and nays were ordered,. . •
The question was takeu; and it w$s,decided
in the negative—yeas 46, nays 118, not voting
64; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Apibior, Arnell, Asper,
Beck, James Brooks. Burohard, Sidney C/ark<?,
AraasaCobb.Cobnrn, CrebS, D-Hikiirton.Da-tttl. Dyer,
Parnsworth. Finkcinburg, Hawley, Hay, Inaersoil,
'Thomas L. Jones, Kuott, Lawrcnce, .Lewi?.,, Longli-
lidg-e, M.iyh tm, MnUrew. McJCmizia, Kliskim II.
Moore, Jes-se H.Moore, WiliSaui Mooro,Orth, I'ack-
.ard, Potter, Reeve-, Rico. Sargent, E'naoke, Stilps,
Sweeney, Tyuor, Van Wyck,'Williams, John T. Wil-
son, Winchester, and Wood—15.
SAYS — Messrs.'Allison, Ames, Axtell, AyoH,
Banks, Barry. Bcarnaa, Bpatty, Berijai&in, Benton,
Biggs Bingham, Bird, JUiair, Bowou, George M.
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton. Benjamin F.
Butlor, Roderick it. Butler, Cake, Calfcffc, Cessna,
i.hurcliill, William T. Ci^rk  Clpvelaud| Conger,
Conner, Covode', Cowles, Cox, Davis, Degener,
Dickey. Donley, Furriss. Fisher, Fiteh.Getz, Sib-
son, Gilfiliau, Urjsiroldt Huight, JJyJdeinaD, Hum-
id eton, Hani ill, Hamilton, Harris, Hays, Heflin.Hill,
Hoar, JJooper, HotcUktsF, Johnson; Keliey, Kel-
logg, Rcjsey. Jvefohuin. Lafliu, Lash, Maynard.Mc-
Ourthy, JlcCrary, jNleKee. JVliliies, Alorphis, Daniel
J. Morrell. Sa muel P. Morrllt, Jforrissey, Myers,.Neg-
jley.Niblack^O'NciH, Puino, Punk,Peters, Pomcroy,
Prosser, Rogers, Hoots, Santord, Sawyer, Schenck,
Sc'tiumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sho-
her, SlocuUi. John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith,
William J. South. Worthiugtou C. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strickland, Swann, Taffe, Taylor, Tillman, Town-
send. Trimble, Twichell, Upson, Van Auken. Van
< Trump, Vporhoes, Cadwaladcr. C. Washburn. Wells,
Wheeler, W hitmorc, Wilkinson, Willard, and Eu-
gene M. Wilson—113.
NOT VOTING—Mestre. Archar, Araitroae,' At-
wotrt, i Bailey, Bfttavfrt; Batmett. Bnlee, Booker,
Boyd, Burdett, Burr, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook.Cul-
lo'ni, Dawei, Dixon, Dockery, Dox, Eldridgo, lorry.
Fox, Garfield, Hale, Hawkins, ttoaton, Hoge. Iiol-
man, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd. Julian.
Kerr. Knapp, Logan, Lynch, Marshall, McCor-
mick, McKeely, Merour.Morgan, Aluagen, Packer,
Pnlmer, Perce, Phelps, Piatt, Poland. Porter. Ran-
dall, Ridgway, Scofield, Sberrod, Stevenson. Stone,
Stradcr, Strong, Tanner, Van Horn,'Ward, William
I B. W,a^hburn, Welkcr, Wiqans, Witohor, and
J Woodward—Cf,
| So j:he motion was hot agreed to.
I , The SPEAKER. In announcing the result
I Qf the vote just taken the Chair will state that
| he'has allowed the motion to be entertained at
this time, although strictly under the rules it
i might not have been in order. The Clerk will
read -the one hundred and thirty-second rule*
, 'Th$ Clerk read <ts follows:
"A call of the House shall not be in order after the
previousquestiQnis seconded, unless it shall appear,
i upon an actual count by the Speaker, that no quo-
i rum is presauU"
' Th«j SPEAKER. The Ohairpreferred to
allow the count to be made byjMnfractual roll-
oall, although under the rule jifSjread he might
have ruled out the motion.
Mr. VAN WYOK. ' I move that the House
do oqw adjourn.
Mr. CLARKE, of- Kansas. And on that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes iwenty-thppe; not one fifth ol the last vote.
, Mr. F4-UN'S WORTH.- 1 demand tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wheeler
and Mr. Fa&nsworth were appointed.
: The House divided; and the tellers reported
ayes thirty-seVee, a fluflSciett number.
; Bp ihe y«as and hays vfereiordered.
'• Mr. EARNS WORTH. I move that when
tie 'House adjourns to-day it be to meet to-
morrow'at--ebi¥«n o'clock. 1 think we ought
t0 meet a. little earlier. And on that (notion
I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. FITCH.- I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. I desire to know if it is in the power
of the • House,'except by unanimous consent,
tb perihit amendments to the joint resolution
how pending?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. FlNKELNBURGr. It wilt be on next
Monday.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to the point of
order that, the hour for the meeting of the
I|.o.use is fixed by the rules, and that the mo-
tion. to meet at ftn earlier hour cannot be
sntertaiued except by unanimous consent, or
by a suspension of the rules.
..The SPEAKER. The Chair. sustains the
point of order.
The question recurred on the motion that
the House do now adjonrn.
Mr. FARNSWQRTH. I movs that when
:th« House adjourns -to-day it be to meet on
Wednesday nqxt..
Mr. SCHENCK- That does not require a
motion. Whem the House adjourns to day it
will be to meet to morrow under the rule.
Mr. ORTH. I would suggest to the gen-
*lemati'from Illinois that he substitute Thurs-
day for Wednesday.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I accept the sug-
gestion, &ad will modify my motion accord-
ingly- '
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Qbth] how he voted
on the resolution providing for a final adjourn-
ment on the 4th of July next?
i . Mr. ORl'H- I did not vote on it at all, I
was uot nresent when the vote was taken.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask to be
excused from voting.
Mr. VAN -WYCK. I demand the yeas and
n&ys on the question that the gentleman from
Kantfag shall be excused from voting.
;■ The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mh. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
lorder. I ask for tike reading of the last section
on page 209 of the Digest of the Rules.
The Clerk read tq follows:
'"Every member who shall be in the House when
tha question is put shall give his vote, unle.-g i[le
House shall excuse him. All motions to excuse a
member from voting shall be made before the llnuso
divides, or before the call of the yeas a.nd nuys js
commenced; and the question shall then bo tukea
without debate.'—Hulq 31.
" [But '-n motions to-adjourn, to fix the day to which
the House shall adjourn, and fcra call of the House,
it has been held not to be in order to ask to be ex-
cused from voting; and for the obvious reason thut
nothing but a desire to consume time, and thereby
delay legislation, or to prevent a majority from
adjourning, could possibly influence a member in
making the request.]"
The SPEAKER. The Chairstated that that
was the rule on Thursday last, but the Chair
was not disposed to enforce it, because there
are other motions which the minority may al-
ternate, and the vote may just as well be taken
on one as on the other. The Chair is disposed
to entertain any motion that may be made so
long as a point of order is not raised. There
is no limit to the power of a minority to delay
action if they are strong enough to call the yeas
and nays upon such motions as may be made.
The point of order having been made, however,
the Chair sustains it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think it would be more
decorous to keep within the rules of the House.
The question was upon the motion that when
the House adjourns it adjourn to meeton Thurs-
day next; and being taken, it was decided in
the negative—yeas 7, nays 148, not voting 73;
as follows:
YE A.S—Messrs. Lawrenco, Reeves, Sargent, Stiles,
Sweeney, Van Trump, and Van Wyck—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Amos, Archer,
Arnell, Asper, Ayer, Banks, Barry, Beaman, Bt-ck,
Benjamin, Bennett, Benton. Biggs, Bingham, Bird,
Blair, Bowcn. Georgo M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley,
Buffinton, Burchard. Roderick R. Butler, Cake,
Calkin. Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, Cleve-
land, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Conner, Covode,
Covvies, Cox, Davis. Degener, Dickinson, Donley,
Dox, Duval, Dyer, Ela, fildridge, Faruswort.h, Fer-
ries, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Gibson, Uiltiil.in,
Haight, Haldeman, Ilambleton, tlamill. Hamilton,
Harris, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Heflin, Hill, lln.ir,
Hooper. Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Judd.ICelley,Kellogg, ELelsey, Ketchaui, Laf-
lin. Lash, Lewis, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch. Mny-
nard, McCarthy, McCrary, McKee, McKenzic, Milu es,
Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore,
MorpVis, Daniel J. Morrcll, Morrissey, Myers, Nrg-
ley, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Paine, Peek,
Peters, Phelps, Pomeroy, Potter, Prosser, Rice,
Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Sawyer, Schenck, Seuu-
raaker, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Shel'ion,
Shober, Slocum, John A.Smith, Joseph S. Smith,
William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William
Smith, Starkweather, Stokes, Stoughton, Strick-
land, Swaun, Taffe, Taylor, Tillman, Townscnd,
Trimble, Twichell, Tyner, Upson. Van Auken, Cad-
waiader C. Washburn. Wells, Wheeler, Whitniore,
Wilkinson, Willard. Williams, Eugeno M. Wilson,
John T, Wilson, and Winans—148,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, At-
wood.Axt-eil, Bailey, Barnum, Beatty,Bole ,iiooi>er,
Boyd, Jauies Brooks, Burdett, Burr, Benjamin F.
Butler, Sidney Clarko,Clinton L.Cobb. Cook.Crobs,
Cullom, Dawes,Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Ferry, Fox,
Garfield, tiotz, Griswoid, Hale, Hawkins, lfeaton,
Hoge, Holman, J enokes, Alexander H. J ones, Jul i .in,
Kerr, Knapp, Knott, Marshall, May ham, McCor-
inick, McGrew, McNeeiy, Mercur, Morgan, Samuel
1\ Morrill, Mungen, Packer, Palmer, J'eroe, PI *tt,
Poland. Porter, Randall, Ridgway. Scofield, Sber-
rod, Stevens, Stevenson, Stone. Strader. Strong,
Tanner, Van Horn, Voorhees, Ward, William li.
Wash burn. Welker, Winchester, Witch er. Wood, and
Woodward—73.
So the motion was disagreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. McNEELY said: On this bill, and on
all dilatory motions, 1 am paifed with Mr.
Sherrod, of Alabama.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred on
Mr. Van Wtck's motion, that the House do
now adjourn, upon which the yeas and nays
had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 10, nays 142, not voting
70; as follows:
. YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Asper, Dickinson, Ela,
Eldridge, Hawley, Thomas L. Jones, Lawrcncc,
Eliakim tl. Moore, Reeves, Rice, Stiles, Sweeney,
Van Auken, Van Trump, and Van Wyck—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Axtell, Ayer, Banks, Barry, Beaman, Benja-
min, Bennett, Benton. Bingham, Bird,Blair, Booker,
Bowen, George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Luc*,
