4288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
map o¥'the same in the Department of the Interior,
whereupon the Secretary of the Interior shall cause
the lands to be withdrawn from bale, homestead set-
tlement, and preemption. " , , „
• Seo. 3. And. be it farther enacted, That this actshall
' i effect from anct after its,passage.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to insert in that
amendment, at the proper place, words con-
finiogfthe company to the odd numbered sec-
tion " I am quite sure it must have been over-
looked. I have voted always against the money
subsidy to this railroad; but 1 think it ought
to have the ordinary land grant in pursuance
of the original act chartering the Pacific rail-
road, and that it ought to be allowed to make
up the deficiencies in the odd numbered sec-
tions, the granted sections, within an extended
litait, according to the principle that lias been
acted' on "in several cases. But.if I understand
this proposition correctly it allows the com-
pany to make up the deficit caused by preemp-
tion, &c., from any of the public lands of the
United States within the limit of twenty-five
miles.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator will allow
me to say that this ia granted on the same
terms and conditions in all respects as is pro-
vided by law for the first twenty miles.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know.
Mr. POMEROY. Now, I will tell the Sen-
ator that in making up the deficiency outside
of the twenty-mile limit and within the twenty-
five mile limit, they are allowed to take even
and odd numbered sections.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a departure from
the established fundamental basis of these land
grants. That matter, I -im sure, was over-
looked in drawing up the proposition ; and I
call attention to it. That would be a departure
from thefundamental basisof these land grants.
The idea of a grant of public lands is that a
proprietor of lands lying idle and vacant can
afford to give one half of a tract for the con-
struction of a railroad ; and the United States,
acting upon that principle, give one half of the
land to a railroad company, within certain lim-
its, to build a railroad, and that at once raises
the value of the other land to a precise equiv-
alent to the whole.
Latterly a habit has grown up that where the
United States have disposed of lands within
the limits granted to a railroad, especially al'ter
the passage of the act granting the lauds, the
United States will make up the deficiency by
enlarging tho limit within which the lands may
be' selected, but always confining it to the odd
numbered sections. That has been the prin-
ciple, that having already received the money
or a portion of the money for lands included
within the grant to the railroad, wo ought to
give them a wider scope within which to make
their selections. But the United States have
lKtver, so far as I have known, granted (he
even numbered sections to a railroad company,
whether within the original limit of the grant,
or within the extended limit within which it is
allowed to make selections.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state to the Senator
that he probably is not informed fully on this
subject. 1 know that in the case of the St.
Louis and Iron Mountain railroad Congress
did grant, in the outer limits tho even sections,
and the Secretary of the Interior decided that
the company was entitled to them.
Mr. SHERMAN. That certainly escaped
my observation, and I would never have voted
for a proposition under any circumstances that
would reverse the very basis upon which these
land grants rest; that is that the United States
get an additional value for the reserved sec-
tions to makeup forthelossof the land granted.
I think this road has some right to appeal to
the generosity and liberality of Congress. I
have always thought so, on account of the action
of Congress by which the eastern branch, as it
is called, of the Pacific railroad was diverted.
Undoubtedly we did this company an injury by
that, and there was a kind of equity in their
claim.which came near inducing Congress to
give them a subsidy to which they were not
entitled bylaw. That bill having been defeated,
and thev abandoning the claim for subsidy, I
have been willing to give this company such a
railroad grant as we have ordinarily given to
other railroad companies, and to give them
the benefit of that from the date of their original
grant; but beyond that I would not be willing
to go. I certainly would not vote for a bill that
would enable them to make up the amount of
land that has been occupied by preemptors
or settlers off the even numbered sections re-
served by the United States. I hope the bill
will be changed in that particular, and then
passed.
Mr. POMEROY. lean explain inamoment,
I think. There are only five cases on record
that I know of where deficiencies have been
made up outsideot'the original limits by taking
odd and even numbered sections—one in Mis-
souri, two in Iowa, and two in Kansas. But
that occurred in this way: it was found that
there was almost no land within the first ten
miles on each side of the road, so we extended
it twenty miles, and allowed the company to
make up deficiencies within the limit of twenty-
five miles, as in this case.
I am not going to occupy any time, but I
will simply say that this road has been in oper-
ation two years out to within sixty miles of
the Nebraska State line. Settlers have been
going out for two years, and they have taken
every available section, odd or even, making
no difference. All have been opened. ^ There
are a few bluffs and poor sections left, some
odd and some even; and after full considera-
tion the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
not the Committee on Public Lands, reported
that while this company should build under the
same terms and restrictions that are provided
in the original act, yet outside of the twenty-
mile limit which is in the original act they may
take odd and even numbered sections. That
is what, there is in the bill; and even then
there is not a quarter of a grant. That is all
I have to say about it.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to call the Sena-
tor's attention tu this proviso on the second
page:
And provided further. That in caso the United
States have sold any sections of land or parts thereof
to which said Central Branch Union Pacific Itailroad
Company would utlieiwise heretofore have been or
hereafter shall be entitled, or the richt of preemp-
tion or homestead settlement has attached to the
snme, or the same has beon reserved for any purpose
whatevor, then the Secretary of tlie Interior shall
cause to bo selected from tho public lands of the
thiited states nearest to said sections so much land
ns shall be equal to tho amount of such lauds as the
United .States have sold, reserved, or otherwise appro-
priated. or to which tho right of homestead settle-
ment or preemption has attached as aforesaid.
This applies to any lands to which that road
has been or may hereafter be entitled, which
is an extraordinary provision.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to suggest that
my amendment is offered as a substitute for
that and the rest of the bill. It is all stricken
out by my amendment.
Mr. TIIAYER. There is a great deal of
confusion about it. Will the Senator state pre-
cisely the effect of his substitute?
Mr. HOWARD. It had better be read again
for the information of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Michigan desires his proposed amendment to
be again reported. It is to strike out all of the
bill al'ter the word " aforesaid," in the nine-
teenth line, and to insert what will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be inserted.
Mr. TIIAYER. Mr. President  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] moves to amend this
amendment by inserting '' odd numbered sec-
tions." At what place?
Mr. SHERMAN. That whole amendment
is not on our table, and 1 do not know where to
insert those words.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nebraska is entitled to the floor.
Mr. THAYER. I will yield to my friend
from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, I do not want it.
Mr. THAYER. I rose to ask the Senate
if they are prepared to take action on this
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senatorfrom
Nebraska give way a moment?
Mr. THAYER. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill, as it is now
proposed to pass it, is made up of a bill printed
in the usual form, and another printed in this
form, [exhibiting a printed note-sheet with
Mr. Howard's amendment;] and I confess for
one, without having the whole bill together, I
do not understand it. I do not think we ought
to pass the bill until it is printed, so that we
may see what it is. I was in favor of taking
up the bill; I thought the whole of it was
already printed.
Mr. THAYER. That is the very suggestion
I rose to make.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It appears now that we
are acting on a bill which is so changed that it
is impossible by the reading of it at the desk
t.o understand tho effect of it. I do not think
the Senate ought to be called upon to pass a
bill of this character without seeing exactly
what the effect of the bill is; and for one I
would now, although I was in favor of taking
it up, suggest to the Senator from Michigan to
let the bill be printed in the way it is now pro-
posed to pass it with his amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senatorfrom Illi-
nois will allow me, I move that the bill be
recommitted to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad for further consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan moves that the bill and amendments
be recommitted.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection; bat
I want an understanding that they may report
at any time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course they can.
Mr. POMEROY. And that they have author-
ity to put the bill on its passage when reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That_ requires
unanimous consent. Is there objection ?
Mr. SPENCER. There is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The committee can
report, of course.
The'VICE PRESIDENT: The question is
on the motion to recommit.
Mr. THURMAN. I think that is a debat-
able motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is. _
Mr. THURMAN. I have no objection to
this bill being recommitted; indeed I think it
ought to be recommitted ; but I wish to say
now, and once for all, that I do not think it is
right that these railroad land-grant bills should
be brought before tho Senate without one line
of report from the committee by whom they are
introduced. If I am not mistaken there has
not been a written report made in reference to
any one of these bills at this session.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Ohio
will allow me 
Mr. THURMAN. I may be mistaken.
Mr. HOWARD. There was a report made
on this whole subject some twoyearsago, along
report, which was printed—too long to be read
on the discussion even.
Mr. THURMAN. A report on this bill two
years ago ?
Mr. HOWARD. Not on this very bill, but
on one which is almost identical with it, with
this difference, that that bill asked for a sub-
sidy in bonds and this for a subsidy in lands
only.
Mr. THURMAN. I must say that one can-
not keep up, especially a new member of the
Senate, with all the reports that may have
been made in past years; and it does seem to
me that when these bills are brought in grant-
ing away such large quantities of laud there
ought to be some written report that will at
least put the Senate in possession of the facts,
and not leave us to gather them here from a
