442
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 7,
Ho. of Reps.
Currency Bill—Mr. Cox.
41st Cong. ... 2d Sess.
and hence the surplus must find a market
abroad. Whatever it is worth for exportation
will be the value of the whole crop, since there
cannot be two prices for the same article, one
for the home and another for the foreign mar-
ket. The value of wheat will be its gold value
for exportation plus whatever the premium on
gold may be. It' wheat is worth one dollar per
bushel in gold to send to Liverpool, and the
existing premium is fifteen percent., the price
of wheat will be $1 15, because at that rate it
can be advantageously exported instead of gold.
Wheat in fact, when reckoned in our present
currency, bearsa premium as truly as gold, and
the farmer gains the existing premium in the
price of his wheat. Of this there can be no
doubt,; and therefore the question fairly arises
whether it is not for his interest to have such
an expansion of the currency as will cause its
depreciation to so great an extent that there
will be a large premium on gold, since the
larger the premium the higher the price of
his wheat.
Certainly it would be to his interest, provided
the currency he receives is just as good for his
use in the purchase of commodities, the pay-
ment of taxes and debts, as it would be if it
were not depreciated ; or, in other words, if
there were no premium on gold, for then he
will gain thedifferenec. If, on the other hand,
in consequenceof theexistenceofadepreciated
currency, he has to pay a greater advance in
price for all he buys, if the taxes are raised in
greater ratio than the price of his wheat, if the
debts he has contracted are larger than they
would otherwise have been, then, notwithstand-
ing the advance of his wheat, he may still be a
loser. The following example will illustrate
our point with sufficient clearness.
Suppose, us before, that thefanner has gained
twenty per cent, on the price of his wheat by
the premium ; that is, he sells one thousand
Imsbels of wheat for $1,200 instead of $1,000,
making a gain of $200. Having got his money,
what will lie naturally do with it? He will
purchase such articles as he needs for himself
and family, and will expend his money for farm-
ing tools, mowing and reaping machines and
the like ; for a wagon, it may bp, or carriage
and harnesses ; for painting and repairing his
buildings, for furniture for his house, for gro-
ceries and other merchandise.
But all these have been advanced in price by
some seventy per cent, above what they were in
I860. Ho pays his taxes, but finds them as
much higher as other expenses, for the good
reason that all expenditures for roads, bridges,
school houses, and public improvements now
cost seventy to one hundred per cent, more in
consequence of the depreciation of the currency.
If we suppose that, all the foregoing items have on
an average been advanced only sixty per cent.,
which is a low estimate, then $1 00 of the cur-
rency will bring only as much as one dollar
before there was any premium on gold. If we
divide the $1,200 by 1G0 we have $750 as the
sum of real money which the farmer has got
for his wheat; in other words, ho has got no more
commodities for his $1,200 than he would have
have got for $760 when the currency was at par
with gold, making a loss of $450. But from
this we must deduct the S200 he gained by the
gold premium ; yet he will still lose $250, a loss
equal to two hundred and eight bushels of his
wheat, or more than one fifth of the whole.
Such is the real position of the wheat grow-
ers of the West and the cotton planters of the
South, and it is this which creates so much
dissatisfaction. It is not merely that the farm-
ers generally have to sell at lower prices than
before the war, but that the currency in which
they are paid is worth to there for the purchase
of such things as they must buy only about
sixty to seventy cents on the dollar.
This state of things, bad as it is, so far from
growing better, is cerfain to grow worse until
the currency is made what it should be, equal
to gold. -The high prices that ruled during
the war will never return, and it is, therefore,
of great importance to the farmer that he be
able to buy as low as he will be obliged to sell;
and that he can never do till the specie stand-
ard is restored, and that can never be while
the currency is so redundant as at present.
It is of the utmost importance that those
engaged in agriculture should understand the
manner in which they are plundered by a de-
fective currency, for as soon as they see this
and demand a remedy they are sure to get
it, since they form the great mass of the voters
of the nation, and Congress must enact any
law they desire for the restoration of a sound
measure of value.
It matters little to the farmer in what particu-
lar branch of production he is engaged, whether
grain-growing or stock-raising, every depart-
ment of agricultural industry will eventually
suffer alike. At present corn is mncli higher in
proportion than wheat; and pork, beef, and
other meats are higher than breadstuffs ; but
this is a temporary difference occasioned by the
war, the destructive effects of which, as far a3
cattle are concerned, have not been yet over-
come; but the time is near at hand when all
farm products will find a general level, and the
price of all will be alike determined and influ-
enced to the same extent that wheat now is.
COLD, HOW KESTORED.
Tf such, then, be the indisputable "evils"
inflicted upon every industrial interest in the
nation by an irredeemable and fluctuating cur-
rency, it must, in the language of the resolu-
tion 1 offered to the House, be "one of the
first duties ol'the Government to secure to the
citizens a medium of exchange of unvarying
value." There can be nodoubton this point,
and as a matter of fact there is no dispute in
regard to it; but the great question at issue is,
how and when shall this be done? The first
inquiry is how shall the desired object be ac-
complished? Here we find a wide difference
of opinion.
If the currency can be restored only by con-
traction, as has been insisted, in what form shall
that contraction take place? Here we come
to the important question. Redemption may
be reached iti one of several ways.
i am not as a critic and a Democrat here to
make plans. Without approving, however, I
make some suggestions. They are not my
plans. They are for the other side to consider.
First, Congress might cnaot that the national
banks withdraw their notes at the rate, say, of
$15,000,000 per mouth, and in twenty months
their whole circulation would be taken in, leav-
ing greenbacks as the only circulation. In that
case the greenbacks would form the paper cir-
culation of the country, and would probably
be nearly at par with gold, the contraction
having been sufficient perhaps to bring them
lo that point.
There are several considerations ill favor of
such a measure. In the first place, Government
having the circulation, soy, of $850,000,000,
would gain the interest upon it, amounting, at,
six per cent., to §21,000,000. So much would
be saved annually to the people in taxes, and
the saving would be to that full amount if the
currency was at par with gold.
A second consideration is that if the currency
should be found deficient in quantity the requi-
site additional amount could bo issued by the
Treasury; or, if redundant, which would be
indicated by its not being of the same value as
specie, the surplus might be taken in. The
whole matter of circulation would be just where
most on the other side think it ought to be—
under the control of Government.
A third consideration is that, should it be
thought best, the Treasury might continue to
issue its gold notes, that is, its certificates for
gold deposited, in the manner it now does, to
any extent desired, withdrawing an equal quan-
tity of greenbacks at the same time, until the
whole circulating medium of the country con-
sisted of the equivalent, of specie, and thus a
currency would he furnished having the con-
venience of paper and the security and relia-
bility of gold. The Government would then
act merely as the custodian of the money of
the country, receiving its coin and becoming
responsible for its safe-keeping.
Second. Contraction might be brought about,
should Congress authorize the funding its own
notes at a given rate per month, say ten or
fifteen millions. In the course of two or three
years, according to the late of reduction, all
the greenbacks would be withdrawn, and the
$300,000,000 of national bank notes would be
the only paper in circulation.
Third, or lastly, it has been proposed that
Congress authorize the issue of compound-
interest notes, like those formerly in use, at
the rate of $10,000,000 per month, convertible
at the end of two years from date into ten-forty
bonds, five per cent., and as fast as they were
putin circulation a corresponding amount of
greenbacks should be destroyed. By this plan,
with the constant tendency to hoarding, a very
gradual and almost imperceptible contraction
of the currency would be effected without the
possibility of a panic or any severe pressure in
the money market. These are not ray plans.
I suggest them for you, gentlemen, who are
bound to give us back what you took away, our
gold and silver ! [Laughter.]
THE NEAR APPROACH OP SPECIE PAYMENTS.
Much pains are taken in certain quarters to
induce the belief that the country is rapidly
approaching specie payments by the natural
course of events. "The creditof the nation,1'
it is said, " is rising, the premium on gold has
fallen, the national bonds are nearly at par
with specie, and the Government and banks
are on the very eve of resumption." Such is
the language of a large part of the press, such
are the declarations often made by those who
propose to lead the public sentiment of the
country; yet there is no truth in the inference
from admitted facts in relation to the fall of
the premium on gold, and the rise of the
national bonds, that the restoration of the
currency is near at hand. Nothing can be
further from the truth. This popular delusion
has already done immense mischief. The busi-
ness of the country has been to a great extent
paralyzed by the vain expectation that but a
i'ew days or weeks at most were to elapse,
before the whole money question would be
settled. Those who accept this doctrine will,
of course, transact as little business as possi-
ble until the anticipated day has arrived. In
the mean time trade must languish.
The value of property has fallen to the extent
of several hundred millions since September
last, wholly in consequence of the decline in the
gold premium caused by the operations of the
Treasury and the false expectations it has occa-
sioned. So great a greater decline in business
and shrinkage in the value of property was
never experienced in the same length of time
in the past history of this country ; and all for
what? For the improvement of the national
credit? Not at ail, for every intelligent man
knows that the fail of gold is the mere result
of an arbitrary movement on the part of the
Secretary that in no way benefits the nation.
For the restoration of the currency? Not in
the least, for as far as the condition of the
country is concerned, resumption is no nearer
now than it was twelve months ago. For the
benefit of trade and manufactures? Certainly
not, tor both are greatly prostrated by it. Has
it been for the benefit of the laborer and
mechanic? Ask them whether there is a bet-
ter demand for their services at higher wages,
in consequence of the flurry about gold.
