1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
52S3
in and move a proviso that this provision,
which declares that the income tax shall be
collected for 1870 and 1871, shall not have
force for 1870 and 1871, it would nullify the
rule. It cannot be done, I think, as a question
' of order.
The PRESIDENT pro iempore. Where such
doctors disagree the Chair will submit the ques-
tion to the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I feel more interest in
having the Ohair decide it than anything else.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the question?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York offers an amendment,
which is objected to as out of order, being
inconsistent with the section to which it is pro-
posed to be attached. The Chair submits the
question of order to the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not profess to know
much about rules; I suppose there is no Sen-
ator on this floor who knows less of them than
i do ; but I wish to suggest to the Senator
from Illinois whether it would not be perfectly
competent to add an additional section to this
bill saying that it should take effect on the 1st
day of January, 1875?
Mr. CONKLING. Not according to the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. THURMAN. But w®uld not that be
so?
Mr. DRAKE. Not when the bill itself re-
quires that certain things shall be done in 1871
and 1872.
Mr. THURMAN. Why not ?
Mr. DRAKE. Because it is knocking the
whole thing on the head. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. That might be the very
object of doing it. The question is simply
this: you cannot reconsider a particular vote
unless you make the motion within two days ;
but does that deprive you of any other parlia-
mentary way of killing the bill ? If those who
are opposed to this tax can kill it by a section
that it shall take effect on the 1st day of Jan-
uary, 1875, may they not kill it by a proviso
such as is offered by the Senator from New
York ?
I do not profess to know how this matter is,
for, as I said before, I know very little about
rules ; but I should think it would be perfectly
competent to postpone the taking effect of this
bill to any date we please, however inconsist-
ent it might be with the body of the bill, and
it might be one of the very means of killing the
bill which its opponents would have a right to
resort to. So it seems to me.
There is one thing, however, that I wish to
suggest to my friend from New York, who has
moved the proviso. He knows that the office
of a proviso is to limit or modify that which
goes before it, and that a case might be sup-
posed in which a proviso absolutely inconsist-
ent and contradictory to the enacting clause
might be construed to be a nullity. Whether
that would apply to this case or not I do not
know. The general rule of construction of
courts is, that where the enacting clause of
a statute and the proviso are irreconcilably
opposed to each other, where the proviso is not
a simple limitation or modification of the enact-
ing clause, but they are absolutely and irrecon-
cilably repugnant, then the proviso prevails.
But a case might be supposed in which that
would not be the construction. I therefore
suggest to the Senator to offer his proposition
as an additional section.
Mr. CONKLING. I may be allowed, I hope,
to make a suggestion in answer to the Senator
from Ohio. He knows as well as I do howin
national legislation the function of a proviso
has been perverted and inverted. The statutes
are full of instances in which the pith and life
of a statute consists in the proviso not only
being used for no purpose of limitation, but
being the enabling part of the statute itself.
Without, however, resorting to the perverted
use of a proviso, I make this suggestion to the
Senator: he knows as well as I do of repeated
instances in the statutes of an act containing
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 328.
many sections, the last of which is "this act
shall take effect immediately," and in the body
of the act, at the end of a particular section,
will be a direction in the nature of a proviso
that thai particular section shall not operate
until the happening of some contingency, until
some future period is reached, and several
times until, as provided here, Congress shall
by further act so direct.
I think that answers the whole suggestion;
but I say to theiionorable Senator that unless
something unfair is to bo done here the ques-
tion cannot arise, because the bill is to go to a
committee of conference, and I will not suppose
that there are three members of this body who,
if this mode is resorted to of ascertaining the
sense of the Senate, and the Senate should thus
expressly direct against the continuance of the
income tax, would come here with a report
perverting and reversing the action of the Sen-
ate and putting it in any phraseology at all
which would lead to any such question. The
whole purpose is to express the sense of the
Senate, to express it for the guidance and gov-
ernment of the committee of conference as to
substance and phraseology, and this would be
unmistakable, I submit, as to that.
Now, Mr. President, only one other word,
and I will finish in a moment. The suggestion
here is that this is out of order because it is
repugnant. Allow me to put a case. The
Constitution of the United States says that
many things shall not be done; suppose you
propose a statute doing one of them, can you
dispose of that statute on a question of order?
It is void, if you please, after it is passed ; it
is repugnant not only to a law that the Senate
has passed before, but to the fundamental and
supreme law ; but, as has been ruled over and
over again here, and also at the other end of
this building, you cannot make that question
upon a point of order. As I understand, the
point of order here is this : that you cannot
add to those words which the Senate has
adopted, (because I lay repugnancy out of the
question as an element in the point of order
made.) That must be it, that you cannot odd
anything to this section, that you cannot dot
an i or cross a t, because the Senate has agreed
to it. I humbly submit that that is not the
law. You have the right to vote this addition,
and the question of repugnancy belongs to a
different forum.
Mr. CAMERON. It is very nearly half past
ten. 1 believe the Senate sat until twelve last
night. I do not see that we are making any
progress, and therefore I move an adjourn-
ment. ["No!" No!"]
Mr. SHERMAN. The river and harbor bill
will be up to-morrow, and we shall have a
struggle over that. The Senator from Mich-
igan wants to get up the river and harbor bill,
and we shall have a struggle to-morrow between
these two bills.
Mr. CAMERON. We shall not get through
with this to-night. [" Yes, we can."] I with-
draw the motion it there is to be no more
speaking.
Mr. DRAKE. There is to be some more.
Mr. CAMERON, Then I insist on my
motion, that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I give notice that if this
amendment of the Senator from New York be
adopted I shall then move a further proviso in
connection with it, to this effect;
Provided, That the next preceding proviso shall be
null and of no effeut.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the proviso by adding these words :
Provided, That this shall have no validity until
hereafter enacted by Congress.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Mis-
souri has a patent right for that joke.
Mr. EDM UNDS. Let us have the question
of order settled.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
submits to the Senate the question of order.
The question is, is the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New York in order?
Mr. CONKLING*. Let us have the yeas
and nays, and we shall get a test question in
that way.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to modify my
amendment, at the suggestion of a friend. I
modify it so far as to offer it as an additional
section, to come in at the end of these sections.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a question of
order. I object to any modification, as out of
order now. Until this point of order is settled
nothing else can be done.
Mr. CONKLING. Upon what principle is
it that because a point of order is made I
cannot modify my amendment before action?
Mr. EDMUNDS; For the reason that it is
not the question before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I asked the Chair, and
not my honorable friend.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator can withdraw his amendment; he cannot
modify it after the yeas and nays are ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. The yeas and nays have
been ordered on the question whether it is in
order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The question is, not on
the amendment, but whether it is in order.
Mr. CONKLING. Then if I withdraw I
shall offer it again as a separate section. I put
it in that form.
The PRESIDENT pro iempore. The Sen-
ator can withdraw it, and the point of order
falls.
Mr. CONKLING. I withdraw it for the
purpose of offering it in a modified form, which
I do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York withdraws his amend-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY. He has offered it now as
a separate section; and I move to amend
it 
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is withdrawn.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from New
York has offered it as a separate section. I
move to amend that amendment by moving to
strike out the ten sections of the bill relating
to the income tax.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now let us see how that
stands.
Mr. CONKLING. I offer a separate sec-
tion and the Senator from Kansas moves to
amend by striking out ten sections.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that it be reduced
to writing.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not my amendment,
offered as an additional section coming in at
the end of these ten sections? My friend from
Vermont says it is not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I say it is not offered at
all yet.
Mr. CONKLING. I want it just in ths
phraseology it is, but simply to be an addi-
tional section coming in at the end of the
income tax sections.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That no such income tax
shall be levied or collected until by act of Congress
it shall be hereafter so directed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
Mr. POMEROY. Did not the Chair recog-
nize me?'
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want to be inter-
rupted without my consent.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The Senator
from Vermont has the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. I have already entered a
motion 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; no motion can be entered and no ques-
tion can be debated until it is stated from the
Chair. It is now stated, and I have addressed
the Chair and been recognized, as I addressed
the Chair before the Senator from Kansas did>
Mr. POMEROY. I moved my amendment
