1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
240}
to leave on Thursday to attend the funeral of
General Thomas, and he appeals to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to withdraw his objec-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. Senators about ine say it is
impossible to get a vote at the time suggested,
and it seems so to me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
objects. It requires unanimous consent.
Mr. CAMERON. Nothing is impossible for
a good purpose.
Mr. RAMSEY. I insist on my motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Mr. CAMERON. Well, I give notice, ]ieing
one of the number who have to go away upon
that occasion, that if we do not get through
the Gj-eorgia bill before that time I shall ask
the Senate to postpone the subject until next
week.
Mr. SUMNER. We can determine tp-mor-
row whether we can get a vote the next day.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I will make the
motion to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota.
The rriotion was agreed to ; and after a short
time spent in the consideration of executive
business, the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 4, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
ORDER. OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of the States
and Territories, beginning with the State of
Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees aud not to' be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order for printing and
reference.
UNLAWFUL PATENT CLAIMS.
Mr. KNAPP introduced a bill (IL II. No.
1674) to protectpatentees and the publicagainst
unlawful claims; which was read a first and
second time, and referred, with accompanying
papers, to the Committee on Patents.
coastwise trade.
Mr. CHURCHILL introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 22S) for the collection and
publication of the statistics of the coastwise
trade of the United States; which was read a
first and second lime, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
district judges in pennsylvania.
Mr. SCOPIELD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1675) to equalize the salaries of the dis-
trict judges of the district courts of the United
State's for the eastern and western districts of
Pennsylvania; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
DABKEY WALKER.
Mr. KELLEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1076) for the relief of Dabney Walker; which
was read a first and second time, ^nd referred
to the Committee of Claims.
JOHN SHERMAN ANB OTHERS.
Mr. DOCKERYintroduced a bill (H. R. No.
1677) for the relief of John Sherman, William
Neer, Erastus It. Hampton, S. K. Stancel,
Robert W. Logan, and James Beachbpard;
which was read a first and second time, jmd
referred to the Committee of Claims.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. JONES, of North Carolina, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1678) relieving certain citi-
41st Cosg. 2d Sess.—No. 151.
zens of North Carolina, therein named, from
their civil and political disabilities; which was
rpad a first and second time, and referred to
the select Cooifflittpe pn Repoi}strnpti.on.
DISCOVERERS OF GUANO DEPOSITS.
Mp. COBB, of Nprtji Caroling, introdiigpd
a bill (H. Jt. No. 1679) to amend an apf pnti-
tled "An apt to iii}thorize protection to l)e
given to citizens of the United States who may
discover deposits of guano," approved August
18, 1856; which was read a first p.nd second
time, and referred tP the Committee Qi} Revis-
ion of the Laws of the United States.
removal of rOLITICAp disabilities.
Mr. COBB, of Norfh Carolina, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1680) to relieve James
R. Grist,William D. Fawcett, John R. O'Neill,
and Julius A. Neely, citizens of North Caro-
lina, of their political disabilities; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the select Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. HARRIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1C81) to relieve certain persons therein named
from legal and political disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth article of the constitutional
amendments ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the select Committee
on Reconstruction.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, introduced a
bill (H. It. No. 1G82) to relieve certain persons
in the State of Louisiana from legal and polit-
ical disabilities; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to tho select Com-
ipittoc on Reconstruction.
ohio post route.
Mr. MOORE, of Ohio, introduced a bill (II.
It. No. 1688) establishing a post route in the
State of Ohio ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on tho Post Office and Post Roads.
court ou" claims.
Mr. MAYNARD introduced a bill (li. R.
No. 1684) to regulate the bringing of certain
suits in the Court of Claims; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. STOKES introduced a bill (H. It. Nq.
1685) to relieve sundry citizens of the State of
Tennessee from political disabilities irnposed
by the fpurteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States ; which was read a
first and second time, £).nd referred to the select
Committee on Reconstruction,
PROPERTY USED BY THE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. PItOSSER introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 229) in reference to payments
of rents for property used by the Government
during the war ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
SALE 01? PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill (H- R. No.
1686) ta prevent the sale of the public lands in
the Territory of Dakota, except as provided in
the homestead and preemption laws and the
law for disposing of town sites and mineral
lands ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
ereedmes's university.
Mr. JULIAN also submitted joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Kansas relative to
a grant of lands in aid of a freedmen's uni-
versity ; which were referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Sir. JULIAN also introduced a joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 230) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the J udiefary, apd pvdered
to be printed.
RIGHT TO BUILD A BRIDGE.
CREBS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 231) granting the EvaiisviJle and
Southern Illinois Railroad Company the right
to build a bridge across the Big Wabash river;
which was read a first and second time, and
r^ferreji to tj}$ CoiBtjuttpg on Commerce.
RECLAMATION OF SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. ASPER introduced p. bill (H. It. No.
1687) to extend the provisions of an act to
enable the State of Arkansas and other States
to reclaim the swamp lands within their limits
to Minnespfq, and Oregon, ftnd for otjjer pur-
poses ; whicl} was reaa a first and second time,
referred to tfee Coruuiitteo on t)?g Public t^nds,
and ordered to be printed-
customhouse AT st. joseph.
Mr. ASPER also introduced a bill (H. It.
No. 1688) to authorize the erection of a cus-
tom-house at St. Joseph, Missouri; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
thg Committee on Commerce.
CHANGE OP NAME.
Mr. ASPER also introduced a bill (H. It.
No. 1689) to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to change the name of a certain steam-
tug ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
GRANT OF LANDS.
Mr. BOOTS introduced a bill (H. R-. No-
1690) granting lands to the Kansas City and
Memphis Railroad Company; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
TIMOTHY BAKE If
Mr. STRICKLAND introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1691) for the relief of Timothy Baker, of
St. John's, Michigan; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
MRS. MARY PETRIB.
Mr. STOUGHTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1692) for the relief of Mrs. Mary Petrie,
widow of George C. Petric, late a private
seventeenth Michigan infantry volunteers;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
El'.I BBEB8.
Mr. STOUGHTON also introduced a bill
(IL It. No. 1693) for the relief of Eri Beebe ;
which was read a first and second lime, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
POST JlOFTiS IN JOV.'A.
Mr. PALMER introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1694) to establish a post road from Mplrpse,
Monroe county, Iowa, to Garden Grove, De-
catur county, Iowa; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
EQUALIZATION OP BOUNTIES.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE introduced a bill (H.
It. No. 1695) to equalize the bounties paid to
soldiers; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee oil Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
POST ROUTE IN IOWA.
Mr. McCRARY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1696) to establish a mail route in the State
of Iowa; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE ASSOCIATION.
Mr. McCRARY also introduced a hill (II.
R. No. 1697) to incorporate the National
Mutual Life Insurance Association of \<asn-
ington, District of Columbia; which was read
a first and secpnd time_, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
mail facilities in iowa.
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa, presented a joint res-
