mo
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
Mr.. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
from Vermont allow me a moment to correct a
misreportof some remarks that I made yester-
day?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
.Mr. DRAKE. I am reported in the Globe
this morning as using yesterday the following
words'.
say to the honorable Senator, if it does not
interrupt Mm, that I am for the abolition of thefrank-
ing privilege so far as it appertains to individuals,
provided you will put there in connection with the
abolition aprovision forthe payment of postages by
Senators and Representatives, and if you do not put
it there I certainly will vote against the whole bill.
I do,not complain of the reporter, because I
suppose it was my misuse of language. It
makes me say the exact opposite of what I
intended to say. I intended to say that unless
this hill contained a provision by which the
Government should pay the postages of Sena-
tors and Representatives I should vote against
the whole bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, after the impassioned and earnest effort
of our eloquent and witty chairman of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
of course this bill will pass—it cannot be re-
sisted ; and the vote just taken shows that it
must pass; but it is a little surprising to me,
when the Senator having charge of the bill
shows such profound earnestness in pushing
the bill, that he has not shown some little care
and attention in his committee to prepare it
so that it will receive the assent of the Senate.
If the bill is to pass at all, he confesses lhat
it requires amendment; and why has not that
committee brought those amendments for-
ward ? They could have prepared them much
more properly than any Senator, and I regret
that such amendments have not been properly
matured by the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
But, Mr. President, having briefly spoken
once on this subject on a former occasion, I
only propose at the present moment to explain
the amendment which I shall offer at the proper
time. And here let me say that the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumner] reducing the amount of_
postage to be charged to one cent per half
ounce, under the present financial condition of
our Post Office, it seems to me, will be entirely
-improper. Why, Mr. President, even at the
present moment we are only getting but little
more than fifty per cent, of the cost of the
transportation of the mails, and our postage is
at the present time as low as that of Great
Britain, which is a penny, or two cents in gold
of our money. The charge here is three cents,
but then we perform a vastly greater service,
carrying our letters many thousands of miles
where they only carry them hundreds. There-
fore I do not expect that the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts will be adopted.
There are plenty of reasons for rcfonn in the
finances of the Post Office Department. One
great leak is in the free-delivery system that
has been inaugurated in many of our cities.
Why should the rural districts be taxed in order
that persons living in large cities may have
their letters brought from their post office to
their very doors? Those cities formerly were
in the way of contributing largely to the sup-
port of the Post Office Department. Very few
of tiiem now, under the system of free delivery,
are able to pay more than their own expenses.
Now, Mr. President, as to the amount of
economy to be obtained by the abolition of the
franking privilege, it is undoubtedly down at
the point of zero. In my judgment not a dol-
lar will be saved by the abolition of thefranking
privilege. The Departments will all have to
be furnished with stamps, or an appropriation
to an amount equal to the saving on the part
of the Post Office Department. It is but taking
the money out of one pocketand putting it into
another.
• Then, in relation to our postmasters, the
twenty-seven thousand that we have. The
chairman of the Committee on Post Office's and
Post Roads knows that a large portion of those
postmasters cannot be obtained to perform the
duties of deputy postmasters unless they have
the franking privilege. That, in many cases, is
the chief emolument. Therefore, if you abol-
ish the franking privilege, it follows as a neces-
sity that the salaries of these officers in due
time will all be raised. Certainly half of the
twenty-seven thousand postmasters, if the
franking privilege should be abolished, will
demand to have their salaries increased, or they
will throw up their offices.
Mr. President, the proposition that I shall
offer at the proper time, which 1 understand is
not now in order, is, in the first place, to allow
the Departments to use the franking privilega
as they have in times past. That is the most
feasible mode by which the whole business of
these Departments can be rearranged, and it
will be the least expensive and the least liable
to any frauds. Why, sir, if every bureau and
every Department of the Government are to
have stamps, does it not follow that they will
be as much exposed to be taken and used
improperly as that the frank of the chiefs of the
Executive Departments or their subordinates
that are entitled to the franking privilege will
be used improperly? Does it not follow that
there will be a greater liability to abuse and
losses when the Departments shall have stamps
for their use scattered through all the public
buildings than can occur under the existing
law ? It seems to me there can be no doubt
011 this point.
Then I propose that the Agricultural De-
partment shall have the use of the franking
privilege. If we abolish the franking privilege
so far as that Department is concerned, we
might as well repeal the law establishing the
Department, for it exists and its usefulness is
maintained solely through the use of the frank-
ing privilege. If they cannot have the privi-
lege of sending out these carefully prepared
seeds, the premium grain that they have ob-
tained at home or from abroad, the roots and
plants, we may as well abolish the whole thing.
Of course they must be sent free or not sent
at all.
Then, Mr. President, I propose that all the
public documents that have been ordered and
printed at the present session shall be allowed
to be franked by members of the two Houses
as usual. Of course in ordering these docu-
ments it was not contemplated that the frank-
ing privilege would be abolished. Therefore
what has heretofore been ordered to be printed
ought to be allowed to be transmitted in the
usual manner. Shall they be kept here as so
much waste paper?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator will
allow me at that point to make a suggestion
In legard to the privilege of the Commissioner
of Agriculture, which I agree with him is a val
liable privilege, the distribution of plants, etc..
I suppose the honorable chairman of the Post
Office Committee contemplates an appropria-
tion of money in lieu of that.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I do not know
what he contemplates.
Mr. RA.\ISEir. Certainly; and honorable
Senators have been several times informed
that the committee contemplate presenting an
amendment, to one of the appropriation bills.
Mr. MORRILL, of' Maine. The honorable
chairman, 1 suppose, can state how much
money that would cost.
Mr. RAMSEY. The estimate has been
made. I cannot at this moment state how
much.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It would amount
to some hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not quite so large an amount
as that.
Mr. MORRTLL, of Vermont. The idea that
the chairman of the committee contemplates at
this late hour of the session to report a new bill
in relation to this subject is preposterous. The
idea was always preposterous. If there is any-
thing to be done on this subject it should be
done in one bill and at the same time. Let ua
have the whole subject before us. Why tell us
at this late hour of the session that the chair-
man of the committee has it in contemplation
to report another bill here, when we are within
four or five weeks of the end of the session?
Mr. RAMSEY. I did-aot say anything about
reporting another bill, but an amendment to
the pending appropriation bill, the appropriate
place for it-
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. While the Sen-
ator from Minnesota is up I will ask him
whether it is the belief of the committee of
which he is chairman that this service can be
cheaper performed by cash than by the use of
franks?
Mr. RAMSEY. The present system is open
to great abuse ; the other would not be.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I mean this par-
ticular service. Is it his belief that the busi-
ness of the Department of Agriculture can be
done cheaper by cash than the present mode ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly. I think the rule
should be uniform, and all the Departments
should have stamps furnished them and pay
for their postage.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Mr. President,
the chairman of the committee himself does
not pretend that the increased cost of the trans-
portation of the mails will be reduced at all on
railroads, and there is the chief bulk of all our
transportation and the most expensive part.
Mr. RAMSEY. I spoke on that yesterday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I know the
Senator did. Now, sir, I do not suppose that
it will make any difference in any of our con-
tracts whether we carry the matter free or
whether it is paid for. It will cost as much in
one case as the other. There will be no ma-
terial diminution of the cost.
But, Mr. President, as I was saying in rela-
tion to the public documents, all documents
that have been ordeted to be printed hereto-
fore, either of this Congress or of any past
Congress, ought to be allowed to be distributed
by members of Congress now and to the end
of the session, or until they have all been ex-
hausted ; and for that purpose I have included
in the amendment which I propose a provis-
ion which will accomplish that object.
Then, sir, I claimed on a former occasion,
and I claim now, that all petitions from the
people ought to be permitted to be transmitted
to members of Congress free, entirely without
cost, for I expect that within two years we shall
have an abundance of them asking for the
repeal of this law if it shall be passed, and I
want that they shall come free.
I have also provided, as Senators will ob-
serve in the last portion of the amendment,
" that nothing herein contained," that is in
the bill under consideration, " shall be con-
strued to abridge or restrict any privileges of
free circulation now enjoyed under existing
laws by newspapers or periodicals." If it is
the intention of the Senate to pass a bill that
can be practically put into operation by the
Postmaster General, the provisions of the
amendment which I have proposed are indis-
pensably necessary, and I trust Senators will
take pains enough at least to read the amend-
ments and see whether they are proper or not.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
take a recess from half past four to half past
seven o'clock to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Patter-
son in the chair.) The Senator from Kansas
moves that the Senate take a rccess from half
past four to half past seven o'clock to-day.
Mr. POMEROY. This is one of the even-
j ings we are required to have a session by the
! rule.
| Mr. THAYER. Is it to go on with the Cal-
j endar according to the order?
|| Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
j| Mr. THAYER. I will agree to that.
j| The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
li is on the motion of the Senator from Kansas.
