146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
leisure wliich will be made available for men-
tal and moral improvement.
Fourth. That it is untrue that mankind will
or can perforin as much labor and of equal
value in eight hours as in ten or more.
Fifth. That the measure, if adopted now by
our whole country, would prove an immeas-
urable national disaster.
Sixth. That there-are other mean's whereby
labor has been and can be much mors efn
ciently encouraged and protected. _
As a man I am rather fond of new things and
not given to the suspicion that all novelties are
so many follies. The infection of popular epi-
demics to me seems less dangerous than a lack
of truesympathywit.il the people. I am sin-
cerely attached to the party of progress and an
unbeliever in the doctrine that the world must
stand still, though I shall not speak in any
party sense to-day. The idea ol reform has a
fascination for my heart, and yet, associated
here with statesmen, I must count it unwise
and no part of my duty to try mere experiments
unless the utility appears obvious or the neces-
sity vital. Only those who accept mere the-
ories, and are never required to reduce them
to practice, can be fairly expected to grasp all
that may be adroitly labeled reform. I must
frankly admit my inability to appreciate every
new compound which may be blazingly adver-
tised in the present age, notwithstanding my
passion for reforming the world is reasonaoly
large.
The eight-hour rule is labeled reform, and
therefore I have been compelled, in order to
regulate my own action, ungraciously to strip
off the label and examine what it covers and
what it costs, so as to judge of its utility and
necessity, or to see whether it is a reform in
the sense of changing the worse to the better,
or of changing the better to the worse. It is
no pleasure to me to criticise any measure that
even pretends to be in the interest of honest
labor, but notwithstanding the conceded apti-
tude of the friends of this measure to be fore-
most in every good word and work the con-
clusion has been forced upon me that it is after
all a policy not yet adapted to American soil-
most probably in this age, not to any other—that
it will inflict a positive injury even upon those
it proposes to benefit; and it may be that it is
my duty, certainly it is my privilege, to give
some of the reasons upon which these conclu-
sions are founded. Upon the shoulders of the
industrial classes of our fellow-citizens I know
that our Government rests, and upon them
the country must rely both for its future de-
fense and all its present and ultimate growth
and grandeur. 1 trust it may not be arrogant
on my part to attempt to speak in defense of
the mechanics, farmers, and other laboring
men, who have not asked for this eight-hour
reform, and who may be expected to spurn
the seeming bribe. They must know that the
eight-hour act of the last session was a species
of legislative munificence, and the gift was
calculated, if not designed—I speak without
any personal reference—to make the donors
happier through the popularity it was expected
to purchase, rather than to make the donees
happy through benefits to be conferred.
And first let me say that while labor is more
esteemed and better paid in this country than
elsewhere, it is entitled to even more consid-
eration, and some improvements of its condi-
tion are yet possible, but such improvements
should be in the direction of maintaining higher
rewards and not in a reckless reduction of prod-
ucts, as must follow a reduction of the hours
of labor. No other class has so great an inter-
est in protesting against such an unfortunate
result a.s have American workingmcn. These
products mainly belong to them, and by them
are mainly consumed.
National legislation upon this subject can
only reach those employed in the Government
Printing Office, the navy-yards, and armories,
and arsenals. All its effect beyond this will be
as an example to be copied or shunned by State
Legislatures. The question is, will it be wise
to put forth such an example ? Will it benefit,
if adopted, the States or their people ? On the
contrary, it is Quite evident that it will not only
cripple private and public revenues, but breed
discontent and congregate unemployed men m
the haunts of sporting men and pleasure-seek-
ers. Dissipation will be cheapened, not the
necessaries of life. The plow5 the looni, and
the anvil will be daily invited to contribute a
fractional part of a holiday to all within their
jurisdiction. The general adoption and com-
plete fruition of this measure would seriously
diminish the productive power of the nation
and retard its growth without recompense to
its morals or its enlightenment.
But it would not promote the permanent
well-being of even those who being in the
employment of the General Government will
be at once reached. If they get a full day's
pay for two hours less of work than those not
so employed they would at once become polit-
ical place-men, dependent upon precarious
party success, and their places would be eagerly
sought after by outsidei-3 and through persons
of influence incessantly knocking at the na-
tional gates for admission, while votes would
necessarily be in the market, or be said to be,
for the party offering equal pay for the smallest
number of working hours. Industrious arti-
sans now employed would have to give place to
a new class, whose ambition would be pricked
on by the idea of obtaining pay without render-
ing a full equivalent, as the recent rush to the
navy-yards already demonstrates. Rotation
would- be the order of the day, and a new
" tenure-of-office act" would be needed to pre-
vent frequent and untimely displacements.
Neither extraordinary pay nor less than the
ordinary amount of labor should be allowed to
draw mercenary crowds into Government em-
ployments. Such a policy would surely breed
corruption and give us a splendid Government,
with a low grade of service and a poor people.
Let it ever be borne in mind that this is a
republican Government, intended to^ be plain
and unexpensive, and therefore it should
encourage no sinecures and no soft places.
The people expect to meet office-holders and
the men necessarily employed by the Govern-
ment without envy and upon a level, as per-
sons who ought to render an ample equivalent
for all their emoluments. They will not object
to wages on a par with the general average of
wages in the country, nor perhaps compute the
honor of serving in a public trust; but they
will neither support aristocratic office-holders
nor aristocratic laborers, nor furnish them
with leisure and means to contract aristocratic
habits and manners, saying nothing of vanities
and more serious vices.
There is at present but small reason for any
work being done, save repairs, at our navy-
yards or arsenals or armories; for when, if
ever, war and naval implements shall again be
wanted science and art, with the accumulated
practical experience of the world, will have
superseded the fashions of such death-dealing
implements as would now be constructed, and
any large expenditure, at the best, is thus of
more than a doubtful character, and in the end
very likely to be entirely thrown away.
The Government Printing Office might pos-
sibly be made an economical institution if it
did not offer so many subtile facilities for
swelling its productions and extending its field
of operations in all the Executive Departments.
Its importance has increased when it should
have been diminished; but this cannot be even
hoped for by giving to its operatives two ex-
ceptional hours of daily leisure, and rewarding
this leisure at the equal price of so much daily
work. To increase wages, or to offer shorter
hours of labor than has been the practice hith-
erto, entails additional expense upon the Gov-
ernment in keeping up these national estab-
lishments, and may ultimately give to theip
such proud anrl swollen dimensions as will
prompt a cry for their complete extinction.
Workmen will naturally push for the most agree-
able places, and the most agreeable places must
be found for the most agreeable persons or
those who push the hardest. The work to be
done is not more onerous than agricultural
labor, and the large masses engaged in the
latter class of labor, less remunerative than
any other, and who largely contribute to the
support of all Government men, will not will-
ingly add other hours to their own toil for the
purpose of giving rest to those already working
less by several hours per day than they do,
besides enjoying, perhaps deservedly, from
their skill a higher compensation. The meas-
ure when earnestly examined will be found to
be unjust, and while the injustice robs one
party it offers no permanent benefit to the other.
It also reverses the philosophy upon which our
Government was founded, and would make the
Government support the people instead of
leaving the people to support the Government.
Such a style of government, it is needless to
say, would soon arrive at anarchy and come to
an inglorious end. The benevolences exacted
by Edward IV from a few individuals justly
excited public odium. The difference of policy
here appears to be that a few individuals would
seem to claim a kindred "benevolence" from
the Government, and it excites eclat, but eclat
of rather a private and limited character, mostly
inside of navy-yards and armories, with little to
do, and rarely just now excited by anything
else.
The agricultural population of the country,
many times larger than that of any other class,
or perhaps than of all other classes together,
labor upon an average twelve hours, _ and
during harvest from peep-of-day to torch-light,
or not less than fifteen hours per day. Many
fanners as regularly as those in trades employ
extra hands. To interfere by law in one case
can no more be justified than in the other. To
relieve one class and not the other, and more
especially when relieved at the expense of the
other, is manifestly wrong. Two conditions of
existence are incompatible in a free country.
It is clear that agriculturists cannot be the re-
cipients of the grace and favor of the eight-hour
law, and would not be if they could ; nor can
they willingly aid the consummation of such
gross and unfair partiality.
The merchants of the country, especially the
retail dealers, are compelled from the nature
of their business to keep open doors the entire
day and often into the night. How would it
affect trade and the conveniences of the public
to have all those employed in mercantile affairs
refuse to do any business before nine o'clock
in the morning or after five o'clock in the
afternoon; or how long would it be toler-
ated if the entire service of the Post Office,
both carrying and delivery, were to be so
restricted ?
The number of mechanics who work in their
own shops doing custom-work is very large,
as, for example, it may be computed there are
not less than one hundred and twenty-five
thousand blacksmiths, with an average of four
or five persons dependent upon each; and
many other trades are equally or more numer-
ous.*
Of shoemakers, tailors, carpenters and join-
ers, wheelwrights, cabinet-makers, tin-men,
coopers, millers, and others who own and work
on their own premises and on their own ac-
count, the number with their dependents is
incalculable, greatly exceeding all those who
' The census of 1SC0 shows the following num-
bers:
Shoemakers   364.608
Tailors and tailoresses .100,868
Seamstresses 90,198
Coopers  43,621
Millers  37,281
Sawyers  15,000
Railroad men  36,567
Merchants 123,378
Clerks 184,4&>
Grocers  40,070
Inn-keepers 
Servants 559,908
Teanwters  34,824
