2402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
olution of the General Assembly of the State
of Iowa, asking increased mail facilities; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
arid Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
JUDICIAL DISTRICT IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. ATWOOD introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1698) to establish the western judicial district
of Wisconsin; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
YOSEMITE TURNPIKE ROAD.
Mr. SARGENT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1099) granting to the Yosemite Turnpike Road
Company the right of way over the public lands
in the State of California; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
POST ROUTE IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. AXTELL presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of California,
relative to a post route between San Diego and
Salt Lake; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
STEAM COMMUNICATION IVITII AUSTRALIA.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of the city of San
Francisco, California, in relation to steam com-
munication between San Francisco and Aus-
tralia; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered tcr bo printed.
FUR-S15AL FISHERY.
Mr. JOHNSON also presented the memorial
of .lames Otis, president of the Chamber of
Commerce of San Francisco, and of fifty-six
mercantile firms of that city, against a fur-seal
monopoly in leasing the seal islands of Alaska,
and in favor of another plan for the preserva-
tion of the seal fisheries and the protection of
the interests of the United States in them ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
MAIL ROUTES IN MINNESOTA,
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, presented joint
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Minnesota, asking the establishment of the
following mail routes:
From Sand Creek to Oral;
From Albert Lee to Blue Earth City;
From Blue Earth City to Jackson;
From Lake City to Eyota ;
From Leroy to High Forest.; and
From St.. Paul to Taylor's Falls, via the
Lake Superior and Mississippi railroad.
The joint resolutions were severally referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
IMPROVEMENT OF TUB FOX AND OTHER RIVERS.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, also presented
joint resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Minnesota, in relation to the improvement
of the upper Mississippi, tha Fox, and Wiscon-
sin rivers; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
MILITARY POST AT PEMBINA.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, also presented
joint resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Minnesota, relative to an appropriation for
the establishment of a military post upon the
northern boundary at or near Pembina, in
Minnesota; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
HOMESTEAD ENTRIES.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, also presented
joint resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Minnesota, relative to certain homestead
entries and in regard to the preemption and
homestead laws of the United States; which
wore severally referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
REDUCTION OF POSTAL RATES.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, also presented
joint resolutions of the Legislature of theState
of Minnesota, for a reduction of postal rate3
between the United States and the kingdoms of
Norway, Sweden, and Denmark; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL OF INDIANS.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, also presented
joint resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Minnesota, asking for a removal of certain
Indians from the frontier of the State ; which
were referred to the Committee ou Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
HAILIIOAD LAND GRANTS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to bills
granting lands in aid of the construction of
railroads; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
SHAWNEE INDIANS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced a bill
(II. R. No. 1701) for the relief of the Shawnee
Indians; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committeeon Indinn
Affairs.
LANDS OX INDIAN RESERVATION.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also introduced
a joint resolution (11. II. No. 2U2) extending
the. time in which certain parties may select
and pay for lands on the Sac and Fox Indian
reservation in Kansas ; whieli was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
PINE ISLAND 11A It 1.0 K.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also introduced
a bill (II. R. No. 1702) granting Pine Island,
in Charlotte harbor, Florida, to the South Flor-
ida Horticultural Company; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
ULBIUDOE (1E11TIY.
Mr. BRADFORD introduced a bill (II. It.
No. 1703) for the relief of Elbridge Gerry,
of Colorado Territory ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
ST. PAUL AND SIOUX CITY RAILROAD.
Mr. SPINK introduced a bill (H. It.^No.
1701) for continuing the St. Paul and Sioux
City railroad across the Territory of Dakota
to Yancton, and for continuing the land grant
in aid of the same ; which was road a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
BIO HORN, ETC., MINING ASSOCIATION.
Mr. NUCKOLLS introduced a joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 233) in relation to the Big Horn
and Black Hills Mining Association ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committeeon Mines and Mining, and ordered
to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States and
Territories for the introduction of bills and
joint, resolutions having been completed, the
next business in order is the call for resolutions
to be presented for consideration at the present
time. The call at the conclusion of the morn-
ing hour on last Monday rested at the State of
Ohio.
RUILDINftS RENTED BY GOVERNMENT.
Mr. WELKER submitted the following res-
olution, on which he called the previous ques-
tion :
Revolved, That the joint Committee on Retrench-
ment bein>tructed to ascertain how many private
buildings in theDistriet of Columbia are now rented
and occupied by the Government, where located, for
what purpose used, at v?h;ttr:ik'3 of compensation,
and to report the same to the Hourc.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted. .
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider belaid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TREASURY DETECTIVE SERVICE.
Mr. VAN TRUMP submitted the following
resolution, on which he called the previous
question:
Resolved, That the honorable the Secretary of the
Treasury do, and he is hereby, directed to furnish
this IIouso, at his earliest convenience, a fall and
detailed statement of the items composing the ac-
count, as stated in an. aggregated form, in his last
annual report of his Department to the President of
the United States, as follows:
" I'or detecting and bringing to trial persons en-
gaged in counterfeiting, &c., $169,500.
"I?or detecting and bringing to trial personsguilty
of violating tho revenue laws; &c., $188,000."
And that he state tho number of persons so tried,
where and when tried, and the number of convic-
tions and acquittals of such persons; and also a
detailed statemont of the amount of attorneys and
counscl foes allowed and paid for the same, and to
whom paid, as well as an itemized statement of the
legal costs, mileage, personal compensation to de-
fectives and other persons, whether Federal officers
or otherwises, and all other expenses and charges paid
by tho Government of tho United States in tho pros-
ecution of said business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object to
this resolution.
The SPEAKER. ^ On what ground ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. On the
ground that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Van Thump] has already offered a resolution
under this call.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. That was on Monday
last.
The SPBAKISR. It was the same call as
to-day, and the Chair sustains the point of
order.
TIME OK CONGRESSIONAL ELECTIONS.
Mr. STEVENSON. I introduce for consid-
eration at this time a bill to fix the time for
the election of Representatives and Delegates
to the Congress of the United States, upon
which I call the previous question.
Mr. HALE. 1 raise the point order that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] lias
already introduced a resolution or bill under
this call.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
CALL OF TEXAS.
Mr. IIOLMAN. During this call of States
and Territories for resolutions for present con-
sideration the State of Texas when reached had
no Representative to respond to the call. Her
Representatives having now been admitted to
seats, I would suggest that the State should be
now called.
The SPEAKER. The State of Texas must
take tho place given to it by law.
Mr. HOLMAN. By unanimous consent I
suppose the State can be now called.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot ask for
unanimous consent during the morning hour
of Monday for any purpose.
CLOSE OB SESSION.
_ Mr. IIOGE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; upon which he called the previous ques-
tion :
Resolvedly the House of Representative/!, (the Senate
concurring,) That the Speaker of the House and tho
President of the Senate shall at noon on the 10th
day of May, 1S70, declare the two Houses of Congress
adjourned sine die.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a division there
were—ayes twenty-seven, noes not counted.
So the previous question was not seconded ;
and the resolution went over under the rule.
TIME OF CONGRESSIONAL ELECTIONS.
Mr. HEATON introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1705) to fix the time for the election of Rep-
resentatives and Delegates in the Congress of
