1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
41st Gong....2d Sess.
Tax and Tariff Bill—Mr. Burr.
Ho. os Reps.
not only tea, sugar, and coffee, but also salt,
free from any tax, either great or small. The
result of the vote defeated the resolution, by
laying it on the table; and those who then
defeated it now prate about cheap tea and
coffee, merely to sanctify a robbery of millions
in the aggregate on other articles of prime
necessity to the people.
Oar whole tariff system needs review, modi-
fication, and change. A great majority of arti-
cles now paying heavy revenue should be on
the free list, and pay none whatever. God has
surrounded us with plenty, but man, by legis-
lation, obstructs the supply, and throws bar-
riers in the way of its enjoyment. On our
Pacific coast are barren islands of value only
for salt. There the Almighty, by His great
laboratory, has manufactured limitless amounts
of that great necessity ; and man lias only to
take and apply to his own use this bountiful
supply so largely needed and consumed by our
western farmers ; but Congress has said "No, it
must be taxed at such rate as to amount to an
absolute prohibition of its removal." Why?
Because the removal and consumption of these
islands of salt might lessen the profits of cer-
tain millionaires of New York who do not wish
the Almighty to compete with them in giving
the American people cheap salt. The free
article, manufactured by the Almighty, is pro-
hibited for fear it might interfere with the
profits on the sales of the manufactured article.
Indeed, I need not specify salt ; but on all
articles, except a meager and unimportant free
list, outrageous tariff rates are imposed, taxing
the consumer for the benefit of those already
enriched by unjust and unwise legislation.
If this deceptive and skillfully drawn amend-
ment be adopted by the House it will be claimed
to be a settlement, in full of the much-vexed
tariff question, and no further legislation will
be attempted or permitted in the direction of
reducing the tariff on imported articles; and
should it pass by the aid of Democratic votes,
it will be claimed that Democrats have at last
consented to heavy taxation on its enumerated
articles of steel and iron, and has sanctioned
a continuance of the robberies not corrected in
this bill, such as the tariff on salt, clothing of
all kinds, and indeed on " eveiything we eat,
drink, or wear.''
But I did not intend a detailed review of our
tariff and revenue system m this brief moment.
The cowardly attempt to force a vote for a
heavy increase of taxes on railroad bars, or
else a vote against an insignificant reduction
on tea and coffee,"has been successful and we
must meet the issue. I would, however, call
attention to the fact that we have desired a
separate vote, that we might vote for one and
and against the other. We have proposed to
add these articles to the free list and have been
refused. We throw upon the dominant party
the responsibility of the whole tariff system,
and tell them that they cannot blind the people
lo the wholesale robberies on other articles by
a paltry reduction oil these few, nor sanctify
numerous outrages by one act of virtue. The
people demand general and consistent reform
and will be content with nothing short of such
reform.
But, again, when this amendment shall have
been added to the tax bill, what then is a
proper vote on the whole bill'/ I recur in
memory to the period when the system of in-
ternal taxation was adopted in 1802. Noth-
ing but dire necessity and the hopelessness of
any resistance induced the people to submit to
the extraordinary provisions of that system.
The business of the country was to be oppressed
by a taxation resting primarily and mainly
on the industry of the citizen. Every farmer
producing a crop or indulging in the luxury of
a kitchen-garden, or slaughtering an animal
for his own use, was to be taxed, questioned,
sworn, and, at the option of an officer whom
he had no voice in electing or appointing, to
be liable to arrest and prosecution under a
system more odious than the infamous stamp
tax which nourished and aided to develop the
spirit of independence in 1776.
That system when first proposed was de-
nounced asunequal, unjust, tyrannical, inquis-
itorial, and, beyond all else, unconstitutional.
If it were tyrannical, unjust, and unconstitu-
tional in 1862, is it any less so in 1870? But is
it unconstitutional? If so, no Democrat surely
could vote for it under any circumstances. By
all writers on revenue and taxation this tax
on incomes and gross receipts has been classed
and designated as a " direct tax." That posi-
tion seems not to be questioned or doubted.
Direct taxes have always been unpopular among
the people; and when assessed and collected
by swarms of Federal revenue officials need-
lessly " quartered among the people to eat out
their substance," such taxes, and the machin-
ery by which they are enforced, become alike
odious. The people are public-spirited, gen-
erous, and patriotic, and will cheerfully pay all
needed taxes, but insist that such taxes shall
be fairly assessed and cheaply collected.
We now have an army of officers engaged
alone in securing the taxes under the internal
revenue system. The salary of each of these
officers, saying nothing of defalcations and
speculations by many of them, comes out of
the people as an unnecessary addition to the
tax required. But I stated the question a
moment ago, Is this manner of taxation con-
stitutional? and let that first be answered.
The language of the Constitution is :
"Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among tho several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union," &e.—An. 1, sec. a.
One might suppose from our present system
that the requirement of the Constitution was
that sach direct taxes should " be assessed upon
the people!" Not so, sir; but "shall be ap-
portioned among the several States." Were
there any necessity of now levying and collect-
ing such taxes, which there is not, the Consti-
tution says in effect, "Make your estimate of
the total amount to be raised, then apportion
that amount among the States and certify to
each the sum required." If Illinois be required
to raise §5,000,000 of such amount, certify
that sum to her Governor and he will officially
notify the Legislature of t.he fact. Illinois has
already her ample force of revenue officers
levying State, county, and city taxes for mu-
nicipal purposes. The same force, with very
little additional cost, can discharge all the addi-
tional duties, return the result to our State
treasurer, and he make settlement under law
with the Federal authorities, as sheriffs and
collectors now make returns to the auditor.
That is the constitutional mode of dealing with
this question, when necessary.
But I have said it was not now necessary to
collect this tax, and the first proof of that is
the fact, if it be one, that the chairman of
Ways and Means insists that the Government
is now realizing over one hundred millions per
year more revenue than is needed to pay cur-
rent expenses and the interest on the public
debt. Again, the section of law requiring or
imposing a tax on incomes expires by express
limitation during the present year, and an
affirmative vote on this bill is a direct vote to
create a tax on incomes when none would be
imposed but for such affirmative vote.
But it is urged, Mr. Speaker, that the result
of tax on incomes is very lightly borne, and
that it rests easily upon the people. Sir, I
desire to say on this point that the Treasury
records show that the tenth district of Illinois,
which I have the honor here to represent, paid
into the Treasury during the twelve months
ending June 30, 18G9, the sum of $68,104 81
as a tax on the incomes of my constituents
alone, aside from all other taxes under the
internal revenue system. Shall I vote, sir, to
perpetuate the collection of that or a similar
sum by means of Federal officials in our midst,
when the House has already repealed various
items of taxation under the same law which
might be borne with less injustice, because not
resting on the great body of the people ; as, for
instance, the tax on gross receipts of railroad
companies and other corporations of a moneyed
and speculative character. On this point I
fully indorse and adopt as my own, the follow-
ing extract from the St. Louis Republican, of
June 4 :
"The Internal fievenue JHU.—The internal revenue
bill now under discussion in the House is, m all
its bearings perhaps, the most important measure
brought forward during the present session of Con-
gress. Being such, it is very much to bo regretted
that tho bill was not iuUodueed at an eailier day
instead of postponed until near the close of the con-
gressional session when manyinembers are absent on
leave, and the balance, wearied out with the cares
of office and the heat of the weather, are anxious
only to get through business as soon ns possible and
go home for vacation. If some of the lime that has
been worse than wasted over reconstruction and the
negro had been devoted to a careful revision of tho
revenue law the people would have had cause for
gratitude; but as it is, they will have to be content
with whatever crumbs ol legislative wisdom fall to
their share.
"An event occurred in the debate of Thursday which
gives aven'cle.irifnotaverysatisfactoryidcaof tho
manner in which tho gravest questions aro treated by
oursalaried lawgivers. Aproposition to tax coupons
live per ccnt., and collect the same when the cou-
pons aie presented iur payment, was introduced by
Air. Beck, of Kentucky, and supported by the Dem-
ocrats generally. This proposition was agreed to by
the House, without debate, by twenty-six majority,
which one wuuld think ought to havo settled the
question. Pending the call of yeas and nays, Mr.
Allison" got the lloor and proceeded to inform his
colleagues that they 'did not know what, they were
about,' and moved an adjournment until the next
day in order that thoy might corns to their senses.
Tho House, instead of resenting this insult, virtually
acknowledged tho truth of Mr. Allison's chargc,
and adjourned accordingly. When the linances of
the country are in the hands of men whoconfess that
they do not know their own minds five minutes it is
no wonder that confusion and blundering aro tho
l'ulo rather than the exception.
"One feature of this internal revenue bill is worthy
of brief notieo. Tho committee propose, while con-
tinuing the tax on incomcs, to remove the tax now
existing of two and a half per cent, on tho gross
receipts of lailwujs, The tax on incomes is, if not
unconstitutional, a most oppressive exaction; it
weighs directly upon tho people, and robs the poorer
classes of a portion of their hard earnings whenever
those earnings pass beyond the limit ot a narrow
annual stipend. The tax on railways touches only
great moneyed corporations, who themselves have
grown rich from land grants and other spccies of
plundering, and are abundantly able to contribute
to tho support of the Government. Y et the Sehonck
bill provides that the peoploshall still be victimized,
and the railways dismissed scot-free t
"It doesnot, seempossiblethatCongress will or can
sanction such a barefaced outrago as this, but tho
experience of the past few years gives conclusive
proof that, when railways are interested, all things
are not only possible, but probable."
Yes, sir; it is true an effort was made first to
tax tho income from bonds ten percent., on the
ground that the bonds themselves paid no tax.
That being defeated, an effort was made, as
shown in the editorial quoted, to tax such in-
come five percent.; that is, five percent, on
all income over and above the $2,000 exempted
from tax; and that, too, being defeated, brings
to my mind the question, shall I vote to taxmy
district on honest labor $G«,01)0 and let bond-
holders, railroads, and moneyed corporations
go free, or shall I vote to give my people the
same freedom that is enjoyed in this bill by
bondholders and capitalists of every grade and
kind?
Sir, it is not in my mind to hesitate. I vote
against the whole hill, and in so doing vote
for labor and against unprofitable capital; for
public rights and against individual specula-
tion ; for the Constitution and against swarm?
of Federal officers; for State rights and
against congressional consolidation ; for the
poor man and against his enslavement by
the favored monopolists of the East. If my
vote could prevail it would at once abolish
this internal revenue system and return to the
requirements of the Constitution ; it would at
