1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1459
ferred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
suffrage in tiik states.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1293) to enforce the right of citizens of
the United States to vote in the several States
of this Union who have hitherto been denied
that right, on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
union pacific railroad, etc.
Mr. BINGHAM also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1294) to fix the point of junction of
the Union Pacific railroad and the Central
Pacific railroad ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
post road in ohio.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1295) to establish a post road in
the State of Ohio; which was read a first and
Eec'ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
burial of deceased soldiers, etc.
Mr. PROSSER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1296) to provide for the burial of deceased
ex-officers and soldiers of the United States
Army in the national cemeteries ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
olivia higgins.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1297) for the relief of Olivia
Higgins, of Tennessee ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
indemnity to loyal tennksseeans.
Mr. BUTLER,of Tennessee, also introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1298) to pay theloyal citizens
of Tennessee for property taken and used by
quartermasters and commissaries for storage
of stores, offices, and corrals ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
william p. kerr.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1299) for the relief of William P. Kerr; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
accounts of senate and house.
Mr. COBURN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1300) to provide for the accounts and reports
thereof of the Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk of the House of Representatives of the
United States; which was read a first and
Becond time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Expenditures.
thomas m. iiarbin.
Mr. COBURN also introduced a bill (H. R.
No; 1301) for the relief of Thomas M. Harbin ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
reimbursement to montana.
Mr. CULLOM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1302) to provide for the settlement and pay-
ment of the expenses incurred by the terri-
torial authorities of Montana for troops during
the year 18G7 ; which waa read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Territories.
freedmen's bureau, etc.
Mr. McNEELY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1303) to abolish the Office of Education, and
the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Aban-
doned Lands ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Educa-
tion and Labor, and ordered to be printed.
mrs. mary l. wayne.
Mr. COOK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1304) granting a pension to Mrs. Mary L.
Wayne; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and, with the accompanying papers,
ordered to be printed.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. BURCHARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1305) to remove political disabilities in
States ratifying and conforming their constitu-
tions and laws to the provisions of the fifteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the select Committee on Recon-
struction, and ordered to be printed. j
grant of lands to missouri.
Mr. DYER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1306) granting the public lands in the State of
Missouri, remaining unsold on the 1st day of
January, 1871, to that State for educational
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public i
Lands, and ordered to be printed. j
mrs. ann shields. |
Mr. DYER also introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1307) granting a pension to Ann Shields, widow
of James Shields, late a sergeant in company
B, fourth Missouri State artillery ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
mississippi river improvement company.
Mr. WELLS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1308) to incorporate the Mississippi Valley
; Land and River Improvement Company; which
; was read a first and second time, referred to
! the Committee on Railways and Canals, and
ordered to be printed.
timothy baker.
Mr. STRICKLAND introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1309) for the relief of Timothy Baker ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
foreign and coasting trade.
Mr. FERRY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1310) to regulate the foreign and coasting trade
on thenortnern, northeastern,and northwestern
frontiers of the United States; which was read
a first and second time, and riferred to the
Committee on Commerce.
government architect.
Mr. McCRARY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1311J to create the office of Government
architect, to define the duties thereof, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
port washington harbor, wisconsin.
Mr. ELDRIDGE presented the memorial
of the State of Wisconsin, in relation to an i
appropriation for a harbor at Port Washing- '
ton, in said State; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
post route in california.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a memorial of
the Legislature of California, praying for the
establishment of a post route ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
public buildings in san francisco.
Mr. JOHNSON also presented the memorial
of the Chamber of Commerce of the city of
San Francisco, California, praying the erection
of public buildings on custom-house block, in
that city; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
vallejo and humboldt bay railroad.
Mr. JOHNSON also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1312) granting aid in the construction
of a railroad from the town of Vallejo to Hum-
boldt bay, in the State of California; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
bankrupt lam's.
Mr. JOHNSON also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1313) to legalize decrees of discharge in
insolvency under proceedings in State courts
since the passage of the act of Congress of
March 2, 1867, establishing a uniform system
of bankruptcy; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Revision of the Laws of the United States.
yerba buena.
Mr. JOHNSON also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1314) to settle the title to Yerba Buena
or Goat Island, in the bay of San Francisco,
California; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
grant of lands to oregon.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1315) granting lands to the State
! of Oregon to aid in the construction of a steam-
boat canal around the falls of the Willamette
i river; which was read a first and second time,
| and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
post road in west virginia.
Mr. McGREW introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1316) to establish a post road from Slanesville
to South Branch Depot, in Hampshire county,
; West Virginia ; which was read a first and sec-
1 ond time, and, with the accompanying papers,
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
! and Post Roads.
i fort leavenworth reservation.
Mr. CLARKE introduced a joint resolution
, (H. R. No. 170) authorizing the sale of a por-
. tion of the Fort Leavenworth military reser-
vation to the Kansas agricultural and mechan-
ical association of Leavenworth county, in the
State of Kansas, for fair grounds; which was
read a first and second time, referred, with the
accompanying papers, to the Committee on
, Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
! removal of indian tribes.
Mr. CLARKE also presented concurrent
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Kansas, instructing the Senators and request-
j ing the Representative from said State to obtain
i such legislation as will secure the speedy re-
moval of all the Indian tribes to the Indian
territory, and the opening of their lands to
actual settlers at $1 25 per acre, and the right
of way and grant of lands to certain railroad
companies ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
government buildings at leavenworth.
Mr. CLARKE also presented a concurrent
resolution of the Legislature of the State of
Kansas, instructing the Senators and Repre-
sentative from said State to vote for an appro-
priation to erect suitable buildings at Leaven-
worth for a post office and revenue office; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
port angelos reservation.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1317) to abolish the
reservation at Port Angelos, Washington Ter-
ritory ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
new mail route.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1318) to establish a
mail route from Vancouver, in Clarke county,
Washington Territory, to Strong's Battle
Ground; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
territory of alaska.
Mr.GARFIELDE, of Washington, also in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1319) to provide
