1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
work in gangs, and their families, with fixed
abodes, ate hostages of character. All these
men, as unable" 'as unwilling to accept of any
eight-hour rule, will no more appreciate than'
the agricultural' laborers of the country the
justice of paying increased taxes in order-that
those employed by the Government may have
an easier time of it: To such 'men, the me-
chanics and others who must .accommodate
their customers and patrons in the early morn-
ing and as long as they appear at night or
quit their business, what a mockery the eight-
hour reform presents! Like the water around
thirsty Tantalus, it is annoyingly in sight but
always receding from the lips.
The most considerable part of manufactures
is now conducted on the principle of piece-
work ; not by the day, but a fixed price for so
much work turned out; and the workmen com-
mence when the machinery starts and cease
when that stops, often urging for their own
benefit an extension of time. Men thus en-
gaged' would find the eight-hour rule con-
structed only for a few favorites, but certainly
not for them.
Professional men all work much more than
eight hours, provided they have any call or
cause. If Choate, or Caleb Cushing, or our
distinguished chairman of Foreign Affairs had
been restrained by an eight-hour strait-jacket
they might have remained in the great ocean
of mediocrity, buried and unseen forever. Long
and weary hours is the price of eminence as
well as the price of subsistence.
To all those engaged on railroads or on the
ocean, lakes, and rivers, moving by day and
night in the transportation of passengers and
the commerce of the world, can a new rule
release an hour or will it buy of them a single
vote, that crucial test by which so many meas-
ures are pronounced good or bad?
It may be thought by those employed in the
navy-yards and Government Printing Office
that it is easy for a Senator sitting here daily
only from twelve m. to four or five o'clock p.
m. to pursue this line of argument, but my
observation of congressional service—now not
a short one—emboldens me to say that all
members of Congress, or all at least who de-
serve to be members, although the daily ses-
sion appears to be brief, work constantly not
less than twelve hours per day, and some mem-
bers very much more than that. No class in
the country is more unceasingly overworked
than faithful members of Congress.
Even when we come to women we find most
of them work and must work more than twelve
hours per day. I do not know but they might
be willing to swap their present chance of voting
for a chance in the eight-hour law. In the
distribution of favors the fashion seems to be
"cheat the lady!" "With greatly inferior
strength women must continue to labor com-
paratively much the longest stretch of time,
while our pity would appear to be wholly de-
manded for men, who work perhaps not more
than two thirds as long. The work and tug-
ging domestic care of a good housewife, like
her love, has no end, and would not be cur-
tailed in the least by any jolly reduction of the
labor of her husband.
Of what use will this reform be to fishermen
on the Grand Banks or in the Arctic ocean?
It would be to them like a gift of a bottle of
"Day and Martin's blacking" when they were
really in want of a pair of boots.
The idea going unchallenged may theoreti-
cally seem to be good; but if so, unfortunately
it is, like many other theories, too good for the
present age. We are evidently not yet ready for
it, although presumptively we may be somewhat
earlier than other nations.
If one class may be controlled by law when
they shall come and when they shall go so may
any other, and if the men in shops and_ ship-
yards may be controlled why not those in the
field and in the counting-room or on the high
seas and railways? These questions might be
multiplied indefinitely, and are suggestive of
the mischievous scope to which a practical
application of the principle would extend. If
governments can fix the hours of labor they
may by the same authority fix the price of
labor; one is equivalent to the other; and in
one State it might be raised and in another
lowered, but in any State where the hours of
labor were diminished the necessaries of life
would be diminished in quantity, therefore
made dearer, and the theory of Malthus, of
McCulloch, and Adam Smith, that population
is always in proportion to the means of sub-
sistence, might not be found to be untrue, as
the State would soon find its population, instead
of increasing, stationary or receding. Chil-
dren would prove a discouragement and early
marriages scarcely less improvident than those
celebrated on the potato diet of Ireland. Sup-
pose a case of eighty mechanics who have put
the capital of years into the acquirement of
their trade and skill, and who ardently desire
to gain a competency or some reserve for the
future in the shortest time possible. By re-
ducing the hours of labor one fifth their ulti-
mate deliverance is protracted, and a necessity
at once arises, if the same amount of work is
to be done, of increasing their number one
fifth. When that is done one hundred can do
no more work nor finally obtain any higher
compensation than that awarded to the original
eighty. If it should increase the cost of labor,
as it must, it would diminish the demand for
labor, and wages must then fall,"which would
leave the one hundred mechanics to be sup-
ported upon an amount of wages possibly even
less than was formerly paid to the original
eighty. These ideas are not fanciful, perhaps
not agreeable, but there will be found in them
the strong fiber of truth.
It is impossible that a measure of this kind
should be generally accepted as a finality.
Agitation for an extension or diminution of
the hours of labor would be at once initiated.
Those politicians who claim a patent for origin-
ating the measure would be met and conquered
by the claims for improvements by other poli-
ticians tendering lower bids. Eight hours might
be beaten easily in " Mackrelville" by six, and
six would have a worse chance in compe-
tition with some modern Jack Cade advancing
with the proclamation, "There shall be' no
money; all shall eat and drink on my score ;
and I will apparel them all in one livery that
they may agree like brothers and worship me,
their lord." Once embarked on the theory
that here is a subject for legitimate legisla-
tion, and there is no anchorage ground or
stopping place.
It may be claimed that differences of lati-
tude—from 25° to 72° north—creates differ-
ences in the duration of solar light, and there-
fore that the working hours of the day should
be modified accordingly. The seasons of the
year as well as diverse kinds of business all have
their appropriate but varied requirements.
One iron rule for each and all, if not impos-
sible, would prove a practical absurdity.
In southern latitudes the rule of labor would
largely concern the class recently held in bond-
age, and wherever the white population pre-
dominated laws might be enacted stretching
the hours of labor to the extreme limits toler-
ated in the days of slavery. Once admit the
principle and it would be only a question of
expediency whether the standard should be
elevated or depressed. It is hardly doubtful
that many would find it expedient and profit-
able south of Mason and Dixon's line not only
to fix the hours of labor, but to fix the price ;
and the one could be done as lawfully and
properly as the other. Whose ox would be
gored would depend upon the ownership of
the strongest animal. Wherever the colored
race controlled legislation it might be excess-
ively liberal, and where they did not the ex-
cess might be cruelly the other way. Such
legislation would he clearly intolerable, and
has no warrant in the spirit or letter of the
American Constitution. A precedent of this
sort cannot be borrowed except from the Mid-
dle Ages, and should not have a new birth iu
the American Republic. Ought we not to be
wary of tempting the selfishness of either the
white or colored races or of imperiling the
interests of an emancipated people by an ex-
ample surrounded by such conspicuous dan-
gers? The highway to the practical restora-
tion of servitude ought not to be engineered
and sanctioned by an American Congress nor
by those who have been largely distinguished
in the cause of human freedom.
Our national eminence has been attained by
persistent labor. We learned that lesson from
our forefathers, and when we forget it our
proudest characteristic will be gone forever.
If New England has or ever had any claims to
preeminence among sister States it has been,
and is solely, the preeminence of universal
labor. And if. any triumphs of art and in-
dustry are conceded, those of genius and
thought must be also admitted. If Perkins
was born there, so was Bowditch ; if Corliss,
Bigelow, and Howe* still live there, so does
Dana, Longfellow, Whittier, Holmes, Lowell,
and Emerson. If they make shoes and boots
there, they also make books. If they know
how to build ships, they also 1' build the lofty
rhyme.'' They awake in the morning with the
consciousness that they are men, created for
all the responsibilities of life, and not merely
for the pleasure of dozing in bed a couple of
surplus hours it were better to employ in down-
right work.
Athenian greatness had its main stimulus,
not in its scanty half million of people surely,
much less in its contemptible divinities, but
in " the comparative unproductiveness of the
soil," which, to borrow the language of a
recent writer,'1 forced the inhabitants of Attica
to compensate its natural want of fertility by the
application of skill and industry." This is true
of New England. The barren soil there dooms
its active, hard-working, temperate owners to
a similar fate; and it is certain that even with
the most fertile soil and the largest popula-
tion no nation can become eminent, or even
grow rich and strong, with a prevailing temper
to shun labor. Invention and enterprise do
not trace their birth to abundant fortunes and
a life of leisure, but to humble want and uni-
versal aspiration.
Happily New England, not merely acquisi-
tive, but inquisitive and adventurous, does not
disdain that labor which Providence enforces
upon her, and whatever permissive laws may
authorize her people, under the higher law of
duty and self-interest, exulting in the abundant
sunshine of summer and more abundant but
invigorating frost of winter, will "look before
and after" and regulate their own hours of
toil, as they have done in the past, and neither
in theory or practice will they be content with
the poor, limping results of any eight-hour
law. Something can be done in that time, it
is true, but to accomplish much the task lias
been, and must still be, braver and longer.
Their habits of industry they do not propose
to unlearn nor to exchange for snatches of in-
dolence. They will not abandon economy
even of time, as it is a virtue they not only
admire, but are wont to faithfully practice.
They will not pronounce that a reform which
requires them to throw away the best among
their ancient customs. They are no declaim-
ers against the age, and do not hold that they
and their fathers have always been wrong; but
knowing the real base of their prosperity to
be robust labor, now and always in their own
keeping, they will not barter it for unsubstan-
tial dreams likely to vanish at the first crowing
of the cock, or, at the latest, after a political
election. They will cling to their Puritan
inheritance,
" The spur that tho clear spirit doth raise
To scorn delights and live laborious days. T
* Very lately deceased,
t Lycidas.
