446
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 2,
Ho. op Reps.
Income Tax—Mr. Beeves.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
once compel a full review and radical amend-
ment of the tariff infamy and permit our peo-
ple to buy where they can buy cheapest and
sell where they could get the best price; it
would cease to punish Americans for being
Americans, and would give them the same
chance in the markets of the world as is en-
joyed by men of countries where labor is much
cheaper, but legislation better adapted to pro-
tect their interests; it would require the cap-
ital of the country now locked up in Govern-
ment bonds to pay part of the expenses of the
Government, and not impose all those taxes
upon the labor of the country.
But, sir, I have, I think, explained my posi-
tion fully and shown why I cannot, as Repre-
sentative of the tenth Illinois district, vote to
continue the income tax, nor to sanction an
increase of the taxes on those articles which
every farmer must use in either plowing his
ground, planting his crops, reaping his harvest,
putting it in market, or exchanging it for com-
modities not grown upon his soil. Let the
people say whether I have correctly repre-
sented them upon this subject. If I have not
it is because my views of constitutional obli-
gations and requirements would not comport
with their desires and interests. I have no
more to say but to invoke the considerate
judgment of my people upon my vote and my
record.
Income Tax.
REMARKS OP HON. II. A. REEVES,
OP NEW YORK,
In tub House or Repiiksentatives,
June 2, 1870,
On tho bill (II. R. No. 20-15) to roduoo internal taxes,
anil for othor purposes.
Mr, REEVES. Mr. Speaker, I desire, in as
brief a manner us possible, to state some con-
siderations which constrain me to vote for the
motion of my colleague [Mr. McCarthy] to
strike out the provisions of this bill relating to
the income tax. Having on yesterday voted
to reduce this tax from five to three per cent.,
1 urn unwilling to let that vote stand open to
the inference that I approve the principle of
such   tax, and merely favor its reduction to
a lower figure from prudential or political
motives.
I oppose its theory and its practice, its prin-
ciples us wellasitspolicy, and shallso vole. The
main controlling reason that sways my judgment
is one to which comparatively little attention,
incidental allusion only, has been given in tho
discussion on either side of this question, as,
indeed, unhappily seems to be the case with
many other questions that come before this
House. It relates to the constitutional power
of Congress to enact such a law. The fact that
it was enacted by a previous Congress, and has
continued iu force from that time to this, annu-
ally extorting vast sums of money from the
pockets of "a favored few," whom the caprice
ol fortune bappenod to have endowed with a
surplus of filthy lucre over and above an arbi-
trary limit, and with the rare honesty to tell the
truth when pressed in the close embrace of the
internal revenue's "Black Maria," does not
in the least remove this constitutional difficulty,
does not confer on the present Congress the
smallest modicum of new power, and does not
in any degree lessen the duty incumbent on
all honest legislators to carefully examine the
warrant and measure of the power they are
invited to exercise. We have before us in the
pending bill provisions for reenacting and en-
forcing the income tax substantially in the same
form and upon the same basis as when it was
first created by the fiat of Congress.
The increase in the amount of exemption
from ten to fifteen hundred dollars, which is
the only really new feature in this bill, while it
diminishes the number of those upon whom the
law takes effect, does not alter or affect the prin-
ciple or lack of principle involved in its original
enactment. If from the first it was a usurp-
ation, void of any constitutional authority, it
remains just the same now, for the Constitution
has not in the interim been " amended" so as
to bestow on Congress any new grant of power
in respect to taxation. What, then, did and
does the Constitution provide touching this vital
matter of laying and collecting taxes, this su-
preme power over the purse of the people,
second only in the attributes of delegated au-
thority to that control over tho lives of the
people which results from the undoubted right
to declare war and conclude peace ? Does the
Constitution authorize Congress to levy a tax
on incomes?
I maintain that it does not; and I am per-
suaded that had this question been fairly pre-
sented to the Supreme Court of the United
States, judicially constituted, it would have
been definitely settled in the negative. What
says the Constitution upon the subject of taxa-
tion? There are but four places in the Con-
stitution, and none in the articles of amend-
ment thereto, where the subject of taxation is
treated, namely, clause three of section two
of article one; clause one of section eight of
article one; clauses four and five of section
nine of article one; and clause two of section
ten of article one. a careful analysis and
comparison ot'these provisions leaves no doubt
on my mind that the existing tax on incomes,
which it is proposed to recnact, does not fall
within the enumerated or clearly-implied pow-
ers of Congress, and is therefore absolutely
void. Let, us examine these various provisions
of the Constitution in the order in which they
stand in that instrument.
The third clause of section two of the first
article reads as follows:
" Representatives and direct taxes shall he appor-
tioned among tho aovoral States which may bo in-
cluded within this Union according to their respect-
ive numbers, which shall bo determined by adding
to tho wholo number of free persons, including those
bound to servico tor a tenn of years, and excluding
ludians not taxod, throo fifths of all other persons."
The rest of the clause relates to the mode
of taking the census, &c. This is an affirm-
ative and peremptory regulation of tho mode
of levying direct taxes, and commands that
tliey shall in all eases be apportioned among
the States according to population. Section
eight, which specifies the particular powers of
Congress, tho primary powers from which sec-
ondary ones are implied, under the provision
that Congress shall have the right " to make
all laws which shall be necessary and proper
for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-
ers," in its first clause says:
"To lay and collect tuxes, duties, imposts, and
excises; to pay tho debts and provide tor tho com-
mon defense and general welfareof theUnited States;
but all duties, imposts, and excises sball ba uniform
throughout the united States."
This is ail explicit limitation as to duties,
imposts, and excises, that their operation shall
be uniform throughout the country, and the rea-
son that the word "taxes" does not occur in
the limitation, as it does in the grant of power
to lay and collect, is manifestly because of the
distinction already made between direct and
indirect taxes, the former of which had been
ordered to be apportioned " among the several
States" according to population, while thelatter
alone were to be made "uniform throughout
the United States."
Dutiesare charges laid upon goodsexported,
imported, or consumed; imposts are charges
laid upon products of industry, and are gen-
erally applied only to commodities when im-
ported into a country; and excises are charges
laid upon franchises or licenses to carry on
particular lines of trade or branches of busi-
ness. Congress has the clear constitutional
right to lay and collect charges of these sorts;
but if it does so the law must have a uniform
operation in all the States; there must be no
exceptional privileges to one section, no
favoritism to one class: all sections and all
classes must sbare alike m the burdens as well
as the benefits of the General Government.
Congress also has, under this same clause, an
equally clear right to " lay and collect taxes,"
meaning by that significant little word, "direct"
taxes, for no other are referred to in the Con-
stitution ; but it is bound to see that such
taxes, whenever laid and collected, shall be
"apportioned among the several States ac-
cording to their respective numbers."
Section nine, which specifically circum-
scribes, defines, and restrains the powers of
Congress, iu its fourth clause ordains :
" No capitation or other direct tax shall bo laid,
unless in proportion to tho census or enumeration
horoinbeforo directed to be taken."
This is a repetition, with redoubled empha-
sis, of the restriction contained in the third
clause of the second section, before referred to,
and makes it absolutely certain that no direct
tax can be levied by Congress except in pro-
portion to population. Clause five of section
nine forbids Congress from levying a tax or
duty "on any article exported from any State."
Clause two of section ten prohibits the State
from laying "any imposts or duties on imports
or exports, except what may be absolutely
necessary for executing its inspection laws
and also from levying any " duty of tonnage."
These are all the provisions of the Constitu-
tion in relation to taxation. Do they severally
or collectively authorize Congress to lay a tax
on incomes? What kind of a tax is it? If a
direct tax, within the meaning of the Consti-
tution, it must be apportioned according to
population. Is it thus apportioned ? Nobody
so pretends. A reference to the last published
report of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue will demonstrate that it was not appor-
tioned according to population. From that
suggestive document it appears that the State
of New York paid on account of the income
taxfortheyear 1868 the sum of $10,726,769 21,
while the State of Ohio paid for the same period
$2,039,088 99. By the census of 1860 New
York had a population of 3.880,735, while
Ohio had a population of 2,339,511.
Assuming that this income tax had been
apportioned according to population, and that
the amount collected from the people of Ohio
was in just accordance with the unit of appor-
tionment, whatever that might be, then the
amount levied upon the people of New York
should have been less than three and a half
millions instead of almost ten and three quar-
ters millions; or, to take the reverse of the
hypothesis, if the amount collected from the
people of New York was according to the unit
of measurement, Ohio ought to have paid
nearly six and a half millions instead of a little
over two millions. Similar analogies, or an-
titheses rather, yet more striking than that
afforded by this parallel between New York
and Ohio, might be drawn from the same full
repertory of official testimony to the inequal-
ity, the injustice, and the utter incompatibility
of this tax with the provision of the Constitu-
tion that all direct taxes shall be according to
numbers; but it would be useless. No one
contends that the income tax is apportioned
according to numbers, and no proofs are needed
to show that it is not so apportioned. It only
remains to consider whether it is a direct tax
within the meaning of the Constitution.
To the determination of such a question
no surer test can be applied than that which
is supplied by the Constitution itself, to wit:
can the tax be apportioned among the several
States according to numbers? I maintain that
it can and ought to be so apportioned, if laid
at all; and this appears to be clear from a
