1460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
tcnporuy civil organisation fee the territory
of Alaska; whicfa was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Terri-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
8ALWUKS OF LAND OFFICERS.
Mr. BRADFORD iutroduced a bill (H. R.
No. 13201 in relation to tho salaries of the
registers and receivers of certain land offices ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
ti1k currency.
The SPEAKER. The call of die States for
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
having been completed, the States will now be
called for resolutions, to be presented for con*
sider&tion at the present time. The call ou last
Monday rested at the State of Iowa. The ques-
tion pending at the expiration of the morning
hour last Monday was a resolution offered
by the gentleman from Iowm, [Mr. Louop 
ridge. 1 A motion had been tn&ue to lay the
resolution on the table, but the House, by a
vote of 7o to 94, refused to lay on the table.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. LoughbidgeJ
demands the previous question. The resolution
will be again reported.
The Clerk rend as follows :
' I'etolvtd, "that in the opinion of the House the
business interest* of the country require an increase
in the yoIbibq ol ciruuiittiDg currency, and the Com -
uiitteo on Banking and Currency are instructed to
report to the House, at as early a day as practicable,
a bill increasing the currency to the amount of at
least $50,l*X>, OUU.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
whether, if the previous question be not sec-
onded,, a motion will be in order to refer the
resolution to a committee?
The SPEAKER. It wilL
"Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the resolution
trill not be referred.
On ttecondiug the preVioOsquestion the House
divided ; and there were—ayes 72, noes 58.
Mr. \YAftD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and M£,^OT?GHRiDGl:
and Mr. Ward were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes bl, noes 65.
So. the previous question was seconded and
the main question was ordered, which was on
agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN and Mr. KELLEY demand-
ed tbe yeas .and nays.
, 1'fceyeaa attd naya were ordered.
The qiienUoti was taken ; and it was decided
in tliis atbrmative—yeas 108, nays not vot-
ing 36; a follows:
' YEAS—Messrs.Adaaa,Allison. Anwtronsr.A p«r,
Ayer, Beatty, lieck, Benjamin, Bennett, BlughMtt,
Boles, Booker, Boyd,Buek.Buekley,Burr, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butter, Roderick K. Butler, Cake,
Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn. Cook, Conier, Creba,
Oullom, Dewceie, Dickey, Dickinson, Dockery, Dox,
Dyer, Eldridge, Farnawortb, Ferry, Finktinbnrg,
Gibson, GoLliulay, iiamill, Hamilton, Hawkins,
llawley, Iiay.Heaton, Heflin, Hoge,Holman,Iiiger-
w>)l,Johnson, Alexander H. -Jone^.TbomasL. Jones,
Jatld, J alias. Kerr. Knott, Lash, Lawrence, Lo^an,
Loutchridgo, Mars ball May nurd, McCarthy, McCor-
mlck, JLCrary, McKenzie, MoKeefy, Eliakira II.
Moore, Jesse II. Moore, Morgan, Muniten, Niblack,
Orth, Packard, Packcr, Paine, Palmer, Pomeroy,
Prwser.Kiee, Rosrers.Roots.Schenck.Shanks,Lionel
A. Sheld«h, Snerrod; John A. Smith, William J.
&(ui lb, Willow dtnyth ,fc^v#oep«_S tokys/Sto ugtito n,
>S trader, Stric-klana. Strann. Tiff#. Trimble, Xyner,
Van Horn. Van Tramp," Van Wyek, Voorhoes,
iy, Nogley, Porter, Pot-
Sheldon,
Brooks, James Brookt. Buftmton, Bnrchard,.Calkin,
G'e8sutt,Churchill,CowLes,Coj:, Davip. Dawes, Duval,
Perriss, Fi.«her,' Fltcn, Onrfield, Getz,_(iilfillan,
Uaidi
J'-tlCK .
M <tyh«m, .
rtii. ilycps.-O'Neill,.Petean, Phelps, Piatt, Poland;
Haadnll, PbeadiBz, Reeves, Sargent, Sawyer, JSco-
ficij. ^SocuM.M'orthirigtrtnC. S! rt i t. h, S t a r k tv e 111 h' e r,
Stfoinf. Tnnrit-r, Tillm&ri. Townsend.Twich-
cll,- U mon, WiurtLCadwiUsder Cv W a#hbum.W illianl
B.\V;• -liburn, Wheeler.Willartl.Wiuans. an«i Wood-
ward—72.
\ OTIKUj-j-Measra./Areherj Bailey, Banks,
Lifrps Bi.wen. Burdett. Cleveland. Clinton L.Cubb,
Covode, Dixop. Doatey, Ela, l'oi,OrUwold,liam-
i>let«n. llayi. iiill, K&t3eytLyi^abf,.Mer<)ur«Milne#,
Daniel J. Morrell, JN osier, rortei
ter, Eidgway, banford, Souumaker, Porter Sh . ...
J oseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Sweeney ,\ an Auken,
Eugene M.Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—38.
I So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, stated that Mr.
PoTTElt was absent on account of sickness ; if
present he would vote against the resolution,
j Mr. KERR stated that Mr. W inohester was !
detained from the House by sickness ; if pres-
ent ho would vote for the resolution.
The result of the vote having been announced
as abovo recorded,
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that tho motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAXES ON PORK PACK*U8, ETC.
Mr. McCRARY introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 171) construing section four of the
act of March 31, 1808; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. McCRARY. I move the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment of the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was read. It declares
that section four of an act to exempt certain
manufactures from internal taxes and for other
purposes, approved March 81, 1868, was not
intended to embrace within its provisions or
treat as manufacturers, pork packers, lard
venders, or others engaged in smoking hams,
curing meats, Or others known as in the pro-
vision trade, and that the Said section shall
not be so construed by any public officer.
The second Bection provides that all money
collected under any such construction of said
section shall be refunded to the respective par-
ties in the manner now provided by lair for
refunding taxes improperly or illegally col-
lected.
Mr. SCflENCK. If the previous question
shall not be seconded, will it be in order to
move to refer the joint resolution to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means?
The SPEAKER. It will, of course.
The question was put on seconding th.e pre-
vious question; and there wer%—ayes 68,
! noes 48.
Mr. SCHENCK called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Scbchck
and Mr. McCrary were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 73, noes 50.
i So the previous question was seconded.
! Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I^rise to a
; question of order. I would ask if a resolution
like this, appropriating money from the Treas-
ury, must not necessarily gtfto the Committe«
of the Whole under the rules of tbe Hoise ?
The SPEAKER. The point of order woutd
have been well taken if it had been taken in
; time.
i Mr. SCHENCK. When would it hjive been
i la timeY
l The SPEAKER. The previous question'has
j been seconded, and the point of order comes
too late.
I Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then, in order
| that the House may have time for considera-
| tion, I move that the House do now adjourn,
| and oil that motion I demand the yeas and
, nays. • >■ ■ • ■
! Mr. JUDD. I rise to'a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order. , . •
{ Mr. JUDD. If tbe House will allow me
i just one moment to.make a statement—— ,
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
say something also.
Objection was made-
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I. tpove that
the House now adjourn, in order to give time
for consideration to members.
Mr. NcNEELY. Is it in order to have a
division upon this joint resolution, arid have a
; | separate vote taken upon each section ?
jj . The SPEAKER. It ir not, since the.pre-
viouaqueation has now been seconded. -
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. At what time could tho
objection have been made to this joint resolu-
tion that it should be considered in Committee
of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. The moment the resolu-
tion was read.
Mr. SCHENCK. There was not time.
The SPEAKER. The resolution win rend
three different times, on account of the confu-
sion existing here this morning. At tlie end
of any one of those readings the point of order
couldhavebeen made. Afterthepreviousques-
tion has been seconded it is too late to make
the point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. The previous question was
called at the time the joint resolution was
introduced.
The SPEAKER. The point of order cojild
have been made after the previous question
Was called and at any time before it was sec-
onded.
Mr. SCHENCK. T ask for the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question.
Mr. JUDD. 1 rise to a parliamentary in-
quiry.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. jyDD. Is it competent for the mover
of this resolution to amend it by striking out
the second resolution ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent, the previous question having been sec-
onded.
Mr. JUDD. Then I ask unanimous consent
for that purpose.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object, for the first reso-
lutioti is very loosely drawn, and I am opposed
to it.'
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to reconsider the
vote ordering the main question.
The SPEAKER. The main question has
not yet been ordered, but the previous ques-
tion has been seconded. The question is now
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I withdraw
that motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I .move to reconsider
the vote by which the previous question was
! seconded.
I Mr. FARNSWORTH. If tho motion to
reconsider shall prevail, will it then bo in order
to divide this resolution so as to take the vote
separately on each section ?
The SPEAKER. A motion to amend will
then be in order.
Mr. FARN S W ORTH. I'hope it will be done.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
condition of the question. The gentleman from
; Iowa [Mr. McCkary] introduced $ joint res-
olution and called the previous question upon
i it. The House, both by division and by tellers,
j has seconded the previous question. The gen-
' tleman from Iowa now asks unanimous consent
' to modify the joint resolution by striking out
the second section, which section is amenable
to the objection of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] and the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.J To this objection is
made. The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] now1 moves to reconsider tlie Tote
by Which the previous question was fe6condecf.
If that' shall be done, then the previous ques-
tion tfilTcrease to operate and the resolution
will g'o over to Monday neit. v .
Mr. FARNSWORTH. WilHt theh V in
order to withdraw the second se'etiori 1
The SPEAKER. The morning hour will then
have expired,; and the joint resolution will g°
over to Monday next.
! Mr. IN GERSO LL. It can then be referred ?
, The SPEAKER. It can, ,
The motion to reconsider the vote second-
ing the previous question * as then agreed to.
I The SPEAKER,. The morning hour lias
expired, and the resolution #ill go over to Mon-
day next.
