1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4293
and others. Among the witnesses were Richard
Cobden, Charles Knight, .Rowland 'Hill, Dio-
nysius Laidner. and Lord Ashburton. The testi-
mony embraced eleven thousand six hundred
and fifty-fourquestions and answers, and filled
three large folio volumes bound in two, making
altogether nearly eighteen hundred pages. The
index aione is one hundred and eighty-three
pages.
Among the many things testified before the
committee I select the words of Lord Ashbur-
ton. as especially valuable. Experienced in
business and in public life, he pictures truth-
fully the burden of excessive postage when he
says:
" I think it is one of iho worst of taxes. We. have
unfortunately laany taxes which have an injurious
tendency, but 1 tiunk levy if any have so injiuious a
ierxIuK-.y the tax upou the communication of
letter.*."
And tli on again :
"It is in fact tnxins the conversation of people
who live at a distance from each other. The com-
munication oi letters by persons living at a distance
istiic .s.imc afc a communication by word of mouth
between persons living in the same town. You
micrht as well tax words spoken upon the Boyat
Kxchange as the communications of various persons
living: in Manchester, Liverpool, and London. You
cannot do it without chet-lvin? the disposition to
communicate very essentially."—J^rlumentary Pn-
1SJ7-38, Import on I\>xtuge, vol. xx, pt. 2, pp. 147,
J-18, No. 81:$, SUO.
At the same time Lord Ashburton hesitated
to adopt a rate as low as one penny. lie was
tor'2d. or 3d. The doubts of Lord Ashburton as
to the rate were encountered by Mr. Cobden,
who testified:
" I eoi^i/k-r the only way to produce the greatest
j)0*r-ihle i'lnmmt of revenue is to charge the lowest
possible trading profit; and it is in the post oilice as
m steamboats or Paddingtou coaches or calicoes or
t.ugarb or teas or any thing else which can be or ought
to bo an aniole oi universal demand and consump-
tion ; with that view 1 have regarded Mr. Holland
Iliii's plan of post o8tce icform, and taking ihe cost
oi a letter, upou the presumed increase ho has sta-
ted, even at tiiiecq.uartcrpencoeaeh letter, Isbould
Sc5y ono peimy would then be a proper cliargo ulti-
luaiely to produoc the pi cat est possible amount of
revenue. I would reason from analogy and experience
in every ether bnemess, and m none more than my
own."—Lb itp. 52, No. 0728.
On such a point nobody could speak with more
authority ihati Mr. Cobden.
At last this important subject was transferred
from the committee to parliamentary debate,
and here 1 content myself with a few brief
words Item leading speakers. Mr. Goulburn,
one of the chief's of opposition, admitted that
the plan proposed would "ultimately increase
the wealth and prospeiity of the country." Mr.
Wallace declared ifc '" one of the greatest boons
that could be conferred on the human race."
Sir Uobert Peel admitted that "great social
and commercial advantages will arise from the
change independent o£ financial considera-
tions." Viscount Sandon, oi the opposition,
struck a higher chord when he declared that
be had long been of the opinion that, the post
oQiec was not a proper source ot revenue? but
ilongbt to be employed in stimulating other
bowrces of revenue.1' Iu the same strain and
w\\\\ higher authority Mr. O'ComieU declared
it "one of the most valuable legislative reliefs
that had ever been given to ihe people,5'that
it is " impossible to exaggerate its benefits;
and even if if would not pay the expense of
the post office, he held " that Governmentought
to make a sacrifice for the purpose of facilitat-
ing communication." (liansard, Parliament-
ary Debates, July 5,12, and 22, 1S37.) I group
these testimonies as important in the history
of this reform, and furnishing a guide for us.
YiCTOKI'.
At last victory was assured. The parlia-
ments i y committee reported in tavor ot change.
But Parliament hesitated to iix the change in
permanent form. By the act of lith August
ihe Lords of the Treasury were empowered by
warrant, under then' hands to declare the rates
of postage, according to weight '• without refer-
ence to the distance or number of miles the
same shall be conveyed," and also to suspend
wholly or in part "any parliamentary or ofli-
cial privilege of sending and receiving letters
by the post free of postage or any other frank-
ing privilege of any description whatsoever."
The Lords of the Treasury were contented with
ordering a uniform rate of fourpeuce and with-
out the abolition of the franking privilege.
This was not enough. The people called for
more,and theLordsof the Treasury by another
warrant declared the rate at one penny and
suspended the franking privilege. This was
followed by the act of Parliament passed 10th
August, 1840, in which the great change was
consummated. The rate was established atone
penny with stamps, and the franking privilege
was abolished, except in the case of petitions
to the Crown or to Parliament not exceeding
thirty two ounces in weight. The clause of
abolition was as follows:
"That except in the cases herein ppeeifieJ, fill
privileges whatsoever of sending letters by the post,
tree of postasc, or at a reduced rato of postage, shall
wholly cease and detemimc."—tiectwn bo.
The abolition of the franking privilege was
more than Rowland Hill had proposed. In his
testimony before the parliamentary committee
he uudeilook to account for the anticipated
increase of letters "in some measure from the
partial voluntary disuse of the franking piivi
lege," thus mildly forecasting not its abolition,
but its voluntary renunciation.
Thus after inquiiy and debate lasliug for
three years, this great reform was accomplished,
and the English post office assumed an un-
precedented character. The new system was
founded on a uniform rate for uniform weight
without regard to distance, and this rate the
lowest unit of coin—with prepaid stamps, and
the abolition of the franking privilege. The
experiment was a great success, although the
first results showed a falling off financially.
The post office authorities had predicted that
it would not pay expenses ; but the diminished
receipts were more than enough for the ex-
penses, while the number of letters was tripled.
There was a smaller net revenue for the Na-
tional Treasury, but an infinite benefit, to the
people. The surplus of the first year was to-
ward five hundred thousand pounds against, a
million and a half of the previous year. But
the improvement financially was constant, so
that here Rowland Hill became a prophet. He
had predicted that Ihe increase of correspond-
ence and the economy of management would
in a reasonable time afford a profitable net
revenue of £1.278,000. In 385G the net rev-
enue had reached £1,208,72">, while_ at the
same time the letters were 478,303,808 in num-
ber, with 0.178,982 money orders, against
75,007.572 letters, with 188,021 money orders,
in the last year of the old system.
The smallest part of the result was in the
revenue, except so far as this was advanced
by the increased activity of the country, rep-
resented by the added millions of correspond-
ence. Commerce and business were quick-
ened infinitely, while the ties of social life
were brightened and the heart was rejoiced.
Here the'testimony is complete. Tradesmen
wrote to Rowland "Hill, their benefactor, pay-
ing how their business had increased. Charles
Knight, the eminent publisher, who did so
much for the literature of the people, wrote
that every branch oi bookselling was stim-
ulated, while the country seller was broughtinto
dailv communication with the .London houses.
The"publisher of the polyglot Bible in twenty-
four languages, requiring a peculiar revision,
declared that it could not have been printed
but for penny postage. The secretary of the
Parker Society, composed of Church digni-
taries and intelligent laymen, which has done so
much for ecclesiastical literature by reprinting
the works of early English reformers, stated
that without penny postage the society cou.d
not Iioa e come into existence. Secretaries
of other societies, literary and benevolent,
wrote how their machinery had been im-
proved ; conductors of educational establisa-
metits testified that people were everywhere
learning to write for the first time, in order to
enjoy the benefits of untaxed correspondence,
and that night classes of adults for this purpose
were springing up in all large towns.
A leadingadvoeatefor the repeal of the Corn
Laws gave it as his opinion that this reform
must have waited but for penny postage ; that
through this ally it reached its triumph two
years earlier than it otherwise could have done.
All this is easy to believe; for penny postage
lends itself to all knowledge and to every re-
form. Others wrote with rapture of its oper-
ations. The accomplished naturalist, Profes-
sor Henslow, of Oxford, rejoiced over "its
importance to those who cultivate science,"
and pictured the satisfaction of the humble
people about his country parsonage "at'the
facility they enjoy of now corresponding with
relatives," together with what he calls the11 vast
domestic comfort which the penny postage
added to homes like his own." Miss Martin-
eau declared the social advantages that were
assured in her neighborhood. Rowland Hill
himself, showing how much it had done for
the poor, said '■ the postman has now to make
long rounds through humble districts where
heretofore his knock was rarely heard." And
from the outlying Shetland Islands ft visitor
reported, "The Zetlanders are delighted with
cheap postage ; the postmaster told me that the
increase in the number of letters was astonish-
ing." But, perhaps, the heartfelt exultation
was never better expressed than by the accom-
plished traveler, Mr. Laing, when, after de-
scribing the Prussian system of education, and
giving the palm to penny postage as "a much
wiser and more effective educational measure,"
destined to be " the great historical distinction
of the reign of Victoria," he proceeds to say
that " every mother in the kingdom who has
children earning their bread at a distance lays
her head upon her pillow at night with a feel-
ing of gratitude for this blessing." (Laing's
Notes of a Traveler, chap. vi.) Such was the
unbought tribute from all quarters—alike the
cottage of the lowly and the home of the pro-
fessor, the counting-house of the merchant,
and the activities of benevolence,business in its
various forms, and the commanding efforts of
the political reformer, all, all confessing their
debt to penny postage.
The benefactor was honored in no common
way, but not without tasting the lot of others
who have served humanity. At first appointed
to an important position m the post office, then
dismissed, and then, with a change of adminis-
tration, restored not only to the service but to
a higher position there, he had the inexpressi-
ble satisfaction of witnessing the triumph of
his efforts and receiving the grateful regard of
a happy people. He was not rich, and the
considerable sum of £13,000 was presented to
him by a public subscription throughout the
country, with an address declaring the reform
ho had accomplished "the greatest boon con-
fcrred in modern times on all the social inter-
ests of the civilized world." (Lewins, Ilcr
Majesty's Mails, p. 128.) The knighthood be-
stowed by his sovereign was another attestation
of his prevailing merit, destined to be followed
by a further gift from Parliament, itself of
£20,000. This episode of honor and gratitude
to the benetactor has a peculiar interest for us,
as furnishing new testimony to the cause with
which the name of Rowland Hill is forever
associated.
THE SAME VICTORY MAY BE OURS.
Such was the great reform by which the post
office became an evangel of civilization, but all
this may be ours. The impediments overcome
were greater than any we are called to ®ne°"n,"
ter, while the object proposed is in undoubted
accord with republican institutions, whore sim-
plicity, harmony, and adaptation to popular
needs ate acknowledged principles. This ren-
ovation prevailed in England; how can f-u
in the United States? The Republic is the most
advanced type of government, as the human
, form is the most advanced type of the ammal
