1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Internal Revenue—Mr. GooJc.
IIo. of Reps
consideration of the important and most sug-
gestive words among the several States," in
connection with and direct sequence to the
words "shall be apportioned." These words
are evidently inseparable, and in any complete
view of the question must be taken together.
Taking them together, they can be construed in
no other sense than as forming the substantive
proposition of the sentence, which is qualified
as a whole, and not in its separate parts, by the
subsequent words "according to their respect-
ive numbers." It follows, therefore, that any
tax which is susceptible of apportionment, not
among individual citizens of the States, but
among the States themselves, in just propor-
tion to their respective population, is a direct
tax, and must be so apportioned as the Con-
stitution directs.
Is the income tax of that character? The
only ground for doubt is the element of un-
certainty as to the amount which such a tax
may yield. Because the net income of the
country cannot be determined in advance, and
because we could not tell beforehand what the
tax arbitrarily proposed to be assessed against
that income would amount to, it seems to have
been assumed that the tax could not be appor-
tioned according to population. If the Con-
stitution provided for an apportionment among
individuals this would be true, and would con-
stitute a valid defense of the tax against any
such objection ; but we have seen that the ap-
portionment must be "among the several
Stares," in the doing of which there would be
found no impossibility and no serious difficulty.
Ail the data requisite for a fair, safe, and cor-
rect estimate of the income reasonably certain
to accrue from the active business and the
invested wealth of the country are at hand,
and are sufficient to fix the aggregate revenue
to be derived from that source. This done,
the apportionment becomes simply a matter
of arithmetic, of easy calculation.
If the maximum sum of $25,000,000 were
to be raised under the head of a tax on incomes
the proportion which the population of any
State bears to the whole population fixes the
amount to be collected from that State. Then,
if we remit the collection to the States, abol-
ishing the Federal machinery now in use, each
State will collect its share in whatever mode it
may prefer, and pay over to the Federal Treas-
ury the whole sum assessed upon it, free from
any deductions on account of expense of col-
lection—certainly a great saving over the pres-
ent system, which costs nearly or quite twenty-
five per cent. This would be a truly equal and
equitable, a truly effective and economical
method of direct taxation for Federal pur-
poses; it would comply strictly with the con-
stitutional requirement; it would exactly
accord with the spirit and intent of the framers
of that instrument, whose great object was to
devise a scheme of Government the operation
of which should, above every other attribute,
bear equally upon all the people of all the
States.
Taxation, or the power of compelling the
people to part with some of their possessions
for the purpose of being protected in the enjoy-
ment of the remainder, was a subject which
they had pondered deeply and had mastered
in all its comprehensive extent and bearing.
All the ordinary protection which organized
society needs being afforded by the existing
State governments, they had only to provide
means for enabling the Federal agency of the
States to perform its intended functions. This
they did in the clauses of the Constitution which
I have cited. In my judgment no candid mind
can examine those provisions and compare
them with the whole scope and body of the
instrument without coming to the conclusion
that the power conferred on Congress to lay
and collect taxes is both expressly and impli-
edly limited to " direct" taxes ; that, in brief,
the word tax, wherever it occurs in the Con-
stitution, means a "direct" tax, and that, as
equality (the grand, distinguishing element of
the Constitution) could only be maintained by
dividing the burdens it imposes among all the
States according to population, it was appointed
so to be done in terms as explicit as could well
be used.
No one then dreamed of spreading a net-
work of Federal tax-gatherers over the land
more numerous and more wasting than the
"swarm" which the colonists complained had
been sent from Great Britain to "harass the
people and eat out their substance;" it was
never contemplated that Congress should lay
its grasping hands on the earnings of business
or the gains of capital for any purpose what-
ever, and certainly nobody dared imagine that,
should such a bold stretch of Federal authority
ever be exercised, it would seek to execute
itself without regard to the clear directions of
the very instrument on which alone it could
rely for its warrant.
I stop not now to discuss the flagrant injus-
tice of a tax on the earnings of business, be
they more or less ; the inequality of a tax on
the gains of accumulated capital which, how-
ever fair and just in theory, is incapable of
being reduced to practical effect without inflict-
ing gross wrongs on individuals ; the inquisito-
rial, odious, and tyrannical character of an
income tax, however apportioned and levied ;
nor any of the other grave objections which
have been so well presented and illustrated by
others. For me it is enough to be convinced
that such a tax is at variance with the spirit
and letter of the Constitution. That view of
the question once fixed in my mind, I am con-
cluded from any incidental consideration of
advantages or disadvantages that may attend
the proposed measure. But one course lies
before me, and that leads straight to the vote
I shall cast.
In this connection I only need to glance at
another aspect of the question confirmatory of
the one I have already taken and susceptible
of being put into the compact and concise form
of a syllogism whose cogency countervails the
necessity for further argument.
Income is derived from two sources, earn-
ings and invested capital. In either case, when
considered as a basis for taxation, it is insep-
arably associated with, and in greater or less
part is made up from the rents, gains, or profits
of Jand. A tax on incomes is therefore, in sub-
stance and in fact, a tax on land. There may
bo, as we know there are, individuals who do
not own a foot of land, and a tax on whose
income would in no sense involve the idea of
taxing lands; but this can be said of a few only
out of the mass of those whose incomes are
subject to tax ; indeed alarge, if not the largest,
part of the taxed incomes in this country comes
from the rents, gains, or profits of land. Now,
it has been distinctly and repeatedly held that a
tax on lands is a "direct" tax such as the Con-
stitution requires to be apportioned "among
the several States," as much so as the capita-
tion tax itself. Hence, the income tax, involv-
ing as it inevitably does the principle of taxing
lands, is a "direct" tax. Being a direct tax,
it must be apportioned as the Constitution com-
mands. But it is not so apportioned. There-
fore the tax is unconstitutional, and should be
immediately abrogated.
I know, Mr. Speaker, it may appear pre-
sumptuous for one little versed in the subtleties
of dialectics, much less in the maxims and
canons of constitutional interpretation, to essay
an argument of this kind, based solely upon a
construction of the Constitution. But I am
profoundly impressed with the belief that the
great men who framed our Constitution meant
to make it so plain that even the most unlet-
tered need not err as to its meaning, and that
one of its cardinal merits is this very fact that
they did succeed in imbedding the immortal
principles of civil and religious liberty, which
filled their own minds, in language at once so
simple, so perspicuous, so nervous, and so
strong as could neither be washed away by
sophistry nor broken down by the weight of
glosses and critical emendations.
It is in the light of this plain, common sense
understanding of the Constitution that I have
attempted to explore its meaning with respect
to the question of taxation. I also know that
it is unfashionable and unusual in this revolu-
tionary period to even refer to a document
whose precepts, onee sacred, have now become
almost obsolete; that he who avows devotion
to the fundamental source of all power in a
free government, the will of the people em-
bodied in a written constitution, is too apt to
be stigmatized as obstructive, unprogressive,
old-fogyish, or by still harsher terms; that par-
tisan malevolence even sees "disloyalty" in a
text and "treason" in a paragraph from the
grand gospel of our American freedom.
Be it so. I gladly accept the odium and
proudly wear the brand which attaches to the
unwavering few who still uplift the banner of
"the Constitution as it was;" the integrity of
the Union which our fathers established, and
which, administered in the spirit of its authors,
for seventy years poured manifold blessings
upon all the people; the sovereignty of the
States as the creators of the new political
system then established, which, allowed to
distribute harmoniously its beneficent influ-
ences, expanded the few and feeble members
of the Confederacy into the august proportions
of a mighty republic of republics; thesuprem-
aey and undivided rule of the superior white
race—in fine, all the glorious truths ofthe earlier
and purer days of American democracy, before
"new lights" had risen to shed their baleful
glare over a land till then united, free, and
happy; before sectional passions had been
organized to do their devil's work of alienation
and distrust; before fanaticism and folly had
combined to rend asunder the silken cords
of fraternal affection and mutual esteem which
held us together with bands infinitely stronger
than "hooks of steel."
In those days debt and taxation, bonds and
bondholders, were figments of the imagination,
not the tremendous realities which now con-
front us ; in those days peace, real peace, pros-
perity, real prosperity, liberty, real liberty, sat
triply throned in our midst and held their scep-
ter of bounty and blessing over thirty million
freemen, if to wish those halcyon days back
again, with all the "sin and shame" which a
maudlin sentimentality affected to find in their
train, be doughfacism or demagogery or any-
thing most obnoxious to " loyal" sensibilities,
I glory to be so denounced.
Internal Kc venues.
KEMARKS OF HON. B. 0. COOK,
Of ILLINOIS,
In the House op Representatives,
June 2, 1870,
On the bill (II. R. No. 2045) to reduce internal taxes,
and tor other purposes.
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I think that this
tax should be retained, but that the exemption
should be increased to at least the sum of
$2,000. The tax ought not to be made to
deprive any man of any portion of the amount
necessary for the maintenance of his family
and the proper education of his children, and
in very many cases this sum cannot be less than
$2,000. In ao l'ar as the tax takes from any
person any portion of the amount which is
fairly necessary to the support of his family it
is oppressive.
But a tax upon property is the fairest of all
