3350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
Mr. STEWART. I will explain the propo-
sition. It makes no additional grant of land,
but remedies a technical defect. In the act of
1866, making a grant of land for the Atlantic
and Pacific railroad, the eighteenth section
provided:
"That the Southern Paeifio railroad, a company
incorporated under the laws of the State of Califor-
nia, is hereby authorised to connect with the said
Atlantio and Pacific railroad formed under this act
 t such point near the boundary line of the State of
California as they deem most suitable for a railroad
line to San Francisco, and shall have a uniform gauge
and rate of freight or faro with said road; and in con-
sideration thereof, to aid in it3construction,shall hare
similar grants of land, suhieet to all the conditions
and limitationsherein provided, and shall bo required
to construct its road on thelike regulations as to time
and manner with the Atlantic and Pacific railroad
herein provided for."
In pursuance of this provision, on the 3d
day of January, 1807, the company filed a map
of the route from San Jos6 to the Colorado
river on the tbirty-fiflh parallel, taking, as they
deemed, the most eligible route. The Secre-
tary of the Interior, in pursuance of that map,
in May following withdrew the lands granted
in aid of the construction of the road. Upon
the faith of this withdrawal and this grant the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company purchased
the road running from San Francisco to San
Jos6 for some three or four million dollars,
and contracted for the construction of thirty
miles of road, complying with the conditions
of the act. They have now invested some
seven million dollars in the enterprise. Cer-
tain persons who desired to enter this land by
means of college scrip, it having been sur-
veyed and being subject to private entry,
applied to the Secretary of the Interior to set
aside this withdrawal for the reason that the
California charter to the Southern Pacific Rail-
road Company did not run on that line, and
that Congress could not confer npon the com-
pany additional corporate authority. The
Secretary of the Interior made an order set-
ting aside the withdrawal; but npon a resolu-
tion being passed through the Senate he
granted a rehearing. That matter was again
taken up last fall by the Secretary and he came
to the conclusion that the former raling was
right, and that there was not a technical com-
pliance with the California charter.
The matter was brought np in both Houses
and examined by theCommitteeon the Pacific
Railroad in each House, and both committees
came to the conclusion that the company had
acted in good faith and had invested its money
upon the faith of this grant. They reported
that there should be some legislation ; and a
similar resolution to the one now pending was
reported in both Houses by the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
Pending these proceedings the Legislature
of California, in order that the grant might not
l>e lost, passed an act, a copy of which I send
to the Chair, enlarging the powers of this cor-
poration and saying that the company might
have these lands that were withdrawn. I ask
for the reading of the act of the Legislature
of California passed at its recent session, a few
weeks ago.
The Secretary read as follows:
State of California,
Department of Slate.
I. H. L. Nichols, secretary of State of the Stato
of California, do hereby certify that the annexed is
a true, full, and correct copy of ehapterfive hundred
and seventy-eight of the laws of 1809-70, of said
fctate, now on file in my office.
Witness my hand and the great seal of State,
[L.si at office in Sacramento, California, the 5th
L J day of April, A. D. 1870. I
H. L. NICHOLS, ;
Secretary of State.
By LEW. B. HARRIS,
Deputy.
An act to aid in giving effyt to an act of Congress
relating to the Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany.
The people of the Stato of California, reprelented
senate awl assembly, do enact an foliates :
Section 1. Where#*, by tho provisionsof a certain
act of Congress of the United States of America, enti-
tled "An act granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from San Fran-
cisco to the eastern line of the State of California,"
approved July 27, 1866, certain grants were made
to, and oertain rights, privileges, poweri, and author-
ity, were vested in ana conferred upon the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company, acorporation duly organ-
ized and existing under the laws of the State of
California; therefore, to enable the said oompany to
more fully and completely comply with and per-
form the requirements, provisions, and conditions
of the said act of Congress, and all other acts of
Congress now in force or which may hereafter be
enacted, the State of California hereby consents to
said act, and the said company, its successors and
assigns, are hereby authoriiea and empowered to
change the line of its railroad so as to reach the
eastern boundary line of the Stato of California, by
such route as the company shall determine to bo tho
most practicable, and to file new and amendatory
articles of association; and the right, power, and
privilege is hereby granted to, conterred upon, and
vested in them to construct, maintain, and operate,
by steam or other power, the said railroad and tele-
graph line mentioned in said acts of Congress, hero-
by conferring upon and vesting in the said company,
its successors and assigns, all tho rights, privileges,
franchises, power, and authority, conferred upon,
granted to, or vested in said company by the said
acts of Congress, and any act of Congress which may
be hereafter enacted.
Sec. 2. This act shall take effect and be in forco
from and alter its passage.
WILLIAM H. HOLDEN,
President of the Senate.
GEORGE ROGERS,
Secretary of the Assembly.
Approved April 4,1870.
H. H. HAIGHT, Governor.
[Indorsed.]
Senate bill No. 668.
Passed the senate March 31, A. D. 1870.
joseph roberts, jr.,
Secretary of the Senate.
Passed the assembly March 31. A. D. 1S70.
Robert ferral,
Clark of the Assembly.
Mr. STEWART. I will state in addition
that the line upon which the map was filed in
order to reach the Colorado river on the thirty-
fifth parallel is about three hundred miles
shorter than it would be to have followed the
route indicated by the charter; that is, down the
coast to San Diego, and thence up to the thirty-
fifth parallel. It makes a difference of about
three hundred miles in length, and is the route
upon which the company desire to build.
I will state further, for the benefit of those
who think this is an enormous grant, that the
company gets very little land on this route on
account of large Spanish grants, and the pri-
vate entries, and the swamp and overflowed
lands that were taken through the Sierra Ne-
vada. Taking it from San Jos6 to the Tejon
j or Tchatchiefie pass, through the San Joaquin
1 valley, a distance of two hundred and forty
miles, the Commissioner of the General Land
Office estimates that the alternate sections will
amount to a million and a half acres, which
is a little less than one section to the mile. It
is true they can go ten miles further to make
up deficiencies.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to inquire
of my friend, the Senator from Nevada, upon
what ground does he make that statement?
Mr. STEWART. I state it from a letter
which I hold in my hand from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. CASSERLY. Because the report of
the Secretary of the Interior, which was laid
on the desks of Senators last December, states
it at seven million acres.
j Mr. STEWART. The report of the Secre-
tary of the Interior is made up, like a great
many statements, by taking it for granted that
it was all public land. I have had an invest
igation made on this subject, which has taken
some weeks, and the Commissioner says:
"From San Jose to Tegon pass it is estimated at
two hundred and forty miles, and ten alternate sec-
tions to the mile on each side of a drawn line will
make fifteen hundred thousand acres."
Which is a little less than one section to the
mile. It is true they can go ten miles further
on each side to make tfp deficiencies. The
Commissioner has not estimated that. But
suppose that that will give seven hnndred thou-
sand acres more—it will not probably give that
amount—the whole amount will be less than a
section and a half to the mile that this road
gets.
The company have invested more money of
their own on this road than any other of the
Pacific railroad companies have, except tho
Central and Union roads and their branches
They have purchased the San Jos6 road, have
built thirty miles; and I will state that the
thirty miles already built are on an undisputed
line. There is no dispute whatever about that
section. This proposition is intended simply
to do away with technical difficulties and give
to this company what Congress intended it
should have originally, and what, the company
is entitled to by its good faith and by comply,
ing with the law. That is all that it is proposed
to do.
Mr. CASSERLY. Had I been allowed
awhile ago, to state to the Senate the reasons
for my desire, then expressed, to postpone this
joint resolution for to-day, I think the Senate
would have agreed with me. The Senator from
Nevada is well aware, though t he great majority
of the Senate is not, that probably I shall not
object to the passage of this resolution provided
it can be so amended aa to protect the interests
of the large number of persons who have actu-
ally settled on the lands affected by the reso-
lution.
In the beginning of this session I was in-
structed by the Legislature of my own State to
resist the grant of lands to the South Pacific
Railroad Company proposed by the pending
measure. In other words, I was instructed to
sustain the decision of the Secretary of the
Interiorannulling the withdrawal of lands made
on account of this road, as having been made
in violation of law. Since those instructions
were received the Legislature of my State, for
reasons satisfactory to itself, and which I
assume were reasons of great public policy,
receded from its first, position in regard to these
lands, and passed the act which the Senator
from Nevada has just read. The effect of that
act is, so far as the State of California can, to
validate the previous withdrawal of lands made
in the Department of the Interior on account
of this road. 1 have therefore no desire either
to commence, or to continue if commenced by
another, any contest with the company in its
efforts to obtain the benefit of the lands as
withdrawn by the Department of the Interior.
_My desire to defer for to-day the consider-
ation of this measure was prompted by a dif-
ferent reason. In December last, in reply to
; a resolution offered by me, and which the Sen-
j ate did me the honor to adopt, the Secretary
i of the Interior made a report, which was laid
j upon the tables of Senators, but which in the
[ interval has doubtless been forgotten by them.
That report gives a clear and connected his-
tory of the whole transaction of the with-
; drawal of the lands in this case and the subse-
quent rescinding of that withdrawal. It also
shows something else, which is more important
to my present position, because it shows that
on the entire tract withdrawn on account of
the railroad company, which is about seventeen
million acres, there were at the date of the
report, December 21, 1869, more than two
thousand actual settlers. These are the peo-
ple whom I want to see protected in the pas-
sage of this joint resolution.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me to say a word with regard to that point?
Those were settlers previous to the withdrawal,
and they are not disturbed. I also addressed
an inquiry to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office as to whether there were any set-
tlers on these lands since then, and in his reply
he says: .
"In this connection I have tho honor to state Uiat
after the withdrawal settlers cannot file on the odd
sections unless settlement is made prior to with-
drawal."
These are settlements that were made prior to
the withdrawal, and are not affected by the reso-
lution, I ought to state further, in explana-
tion 
Mr. CASSERLY. I cannot consent to allow
the Senator from Nevada to make a speech in
the middle of my remarks.
