H8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 2,
Senate.
Indian Appropriation Bill—Mr. Morrill.
41st Cons....2d Sess.
taxes, and the fairest of all taxesupon prop-
erty is that which bears the most just propor-
tion to its productiveness. The poor men of
this country have borne more than their pro-
portion of the sacrifices and suffering of the
war. The men whose incomes are less than
$2,000 are the men who fought the battles and
won the victories and endured the hardships
which preserved the nation. The amount re-
quired to pay the pensions which are due to the
invalid soldier, and to the widows and children
of those who are dead, should come from the
property of the country which has been success-
fully defended. The amount required to pay
these pensions has not yet begun to decrease,
on the pontrary it is yet increasing. The men
whose property was saved, or who made for-
tunes during the war, are the men who should
pay these pensions. I know that the men of
large incomes who pay this tax can make them-
selves most readily heard, and can bring most
influence to bear upon this question; but the
fact remains that the great body of tho men of
the country who have no incomes over $2,000
have borne their just proportion of the burdens
of the war.
The bonds of tho United States are exempt
from taxation. Tho income of the holders of
these bonds can be reached in no other way
than by this ineonic tax. Is it fair or just that
this vast amount of property should be wholly
exempt from taxation? I think not, and am
opposed to the repeal of this tax, which only
reaches this class of property. It is true that
taxation should bo reduced, but those taxes
should bo reduced which impede production,
which draw more from the people than ever
comes into the Treasury; the taxes which take
from tho poor man a portion of his means
ol living, not tins tax which reaches only tho
accumulated wealth of the nation, and which
is adjusted so as to bear only upon tho gains
which have accumulated after the cost of living
has been deducted. Thegcntlemen most earn-
eslfor the repeal of this tax are those who have
resisted most earnestly the reduction of those
indirect taxes, of which a small proportion only
is paid into the Treasury. This fact provokes
tho inquiry, whether one motive for tho repeal
of this tax is not that the indirect tax, which
pays much more to some local interest than it
does to the Government, may bo retained with-
out reduction as noecssary to meet tho impera-
tive neeJ of the Government?
Indian Appropriation Bill.
SPEECH Of HON. L. M. MOIIIIILL,
of ma ink,
In the IIxrcKJ) Status Senate,
June 2, 1870.
The Senate having under consideration tho bill
(II. B. No. llti'j) making appreciations for tho cur-
rent and contingent expenses of tlio Indian depart-
ment and for fuimiins treaty stipulations (so called)
with various Indian tribes for tiio year ending 30th
Juno, l^Tt, and for other purposes—
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, said:
Mr. Pkkswk.nt: No more important question
its likely to eoine before this session of Congress
than tho one I now have the honor to submit
to the attention of the Senate. Our Indian
relations, always a subject of painful interest,
are attended at the present time by a state of
facts which should arrest tho attention of Con-
gress and the country, as I am most happy to
say they have not failed to arrest the attention
of tho executive administration, and excite the
deepest solicitude in the President of the Uni-
ted States. Since 1863 there has existed on
the frontier between the Indians and our pop-
ulation gathering there, between the Indian
tribes and those exercising the national author-
ity there, a conflict of violence and bloodshed,
miscalled Indian war, and which still goes on,
employing a large portion of our Army, the
prodigal sacrifice of human life, and the ex-
penditure of treasure. In this brief period,
this inglorious, irregular, needless, and unjus-
tifiable strife has cost the national Treasury
not less than $140,000,000 for the Army alone,
the lives of thousands of helpless women and
children, chiefly Indians, butchered under cir-
cumstances, the recital of which would shock
the national sense, to which may be added the
loss of a few Indian braves and United States
soldiers, the immediate contestants in the
inglorious conflict.
I find that in 1867 the military force em-
ployed in connection with the Indian service
was 22,345 men; in 1868 it was 20,679; in
1800 it was 16,743; and the present year it
numbers 10,133. I read from a memorandum
of the Secretary of War:
" It is bolieved that tho cost of maintaining ono
enlisted man on the plains and at tho frontier posts
is about si,000 per annum."
Which would make the average expense as
follows: in 1867, §22,345,000; in 1868, $20,-
679,000: in 1809, $16,743,000, and in 1870,
$19,133,000; or in the aggregate, $78,900,000
for these four years. As to the precedingyears,
1864 and 1865 are set down at $40,000,000,
and the year I860 at $22,000,000, making in
all an aggregate of $140,000,000, to say nothing
of the volunteer forces which in tho mean time
have been employed from some of the States
and Territories.
Mr. President, the Indian population in our
limits is estimated at about three hundred
thousand. I think it will exceed that number,
but not largely. We have treaty stipulations
with about two hundred and fifty thousand, by
which we engage to cultivate friendship and
the arts of peace. During this period of seven
ycarsthe expenses of all kinds in the civil ser-
vice for the fulfillment of treaties by which we
have acquired their possession to a continent,
have been in round numbers say $25,000,000.
It is apparent that there exists on our front-
ier a conflict fatal to the Indian, the weaker-
party, derogatory to the character of a great
nation, involving a prodigal expenditure of
treasure, which demands a prompt and decisive
remedy. Nearly two thirds of tho entire Army
are engaged in no higher service than the
hunt of broken and fugitive bands of Indians
on the groat plains between the Mississippi
river and tho liocky mountains, at an annual
expenditure of not less than §20,000,000, to
say nothing of the demoralization consequent
thereon, and of the lives of defenseless women
and children that are annually sacrificed to the
savagery of the foray. Tho stato of things
existing on the border is so extraordinary, and
existing at a time when the tendencies of our
national development should be eminently
peaceful, as to force au inquiry into the causes
of this reign of violence and death on our
frontier.
The cause, Mr, President, is twofold. First,
it springs from a false national sentiment in
regard to the Indian character and their rights
as individuals and nations. We have insensi-
bly incorporated into our creed as a nation
and people the old barbarism under which the
newly-discovered world was sought to be par-
titioned among the patrons of the discoverer
as the rightful possession of the Christian
nations, and the inhabitants thereof their
rightful spoil; and still later the spirit of his
most Christian Majesty, King James VIII,
who commissioned a later discoverer " to
make spoil of the inhabitants." Claiming to
have acquired the rights of the discoverers
their unchristian sentiments by adoption be-
came interwoven into the national faith and
formed the basis of a policy at war with the
rights of the aboriginal man and the Indian
tribes as peoples and nations.
The law of the potentates of the Old World
was that discovery gave title to the country,
and the right to determine the relations which
should exist between tho discoverer and the
natives belonged exclusively to themselves,
on their own notion of those rights. A quasi
nationality was conceded to the Indian tribes,
with right to dispose of their possessions, while
those absolute rights of person and property,
and of dominion, the chief characteristics of
nations, were expressly denied. They were
held to be within the limits and subject to the
superior jurisdiction of the dominant nation,
and yet not under the protection of its author-
ity or laws. They wero held to have no rights
of property in the country they inhabited except
a qualified right of possession, subject to the
exclusive right of extinguishing that possession
by conquest or purchase. No respect, in Amer-
ican law, was ever paid to title to land derived
from the once lords of the continent.
The policy of the law lias been to regard
these possessions as valid until abandoned or
extinguished by conquest or by voluntary ces-
sion ; but, alas, too often in our practice has
this proved wholly illusory, and this qualified
possession been obliged to give way before the
inexorable demands of advancing population
and settlement,. As white population advanced,
that of tholndians reccdcd necessarily by force
of the sentiment, policy, numbers, aud skill of
the assailants. While we have exercised the
absolute rights of the conqueror over these peo-
ple,in the land of their nativity,we have refused
to incorporate them into our system, as, upon
every principle of public law and humanity we
were bound to do for them the best their circum-
stances and our own would admit. We have,
upon an unworthy prejudice and unchristian
sentiment, excluded them from all civil, social,
or political relations whatsoever. While the
theory of the law has solaced the Indian with
the idea of rights, he has by tho popular tradi
lion been brauded an outlaw. In the sacred
name of Christianity and civilization we liavi'
ostentatiously laid claim to the exclusive pos
session of the continent, compensating the In-
dian for unlimited independence, in what is
thus supposed to bo bestowed, while in prac-
tice we have sentenced his race to a perpetual
ostracism from all tho possibilities of civilized
life.
In the progress of settlement he was driven
from the Atlantic belt across the Alleghany
mountains, thence across the Mississippi river,
thence to the plains, and at length these fugitive
and broken tribes are invested on the plains by
the eager advanced guard of a constantly swell-
ing column of population from the East and the
West; and the question is, shall the nation
interpose its protection against the doom that
awaits them there; whether it will refuse to
pursue trhem with the Army to their utter ex-
tinction ; whether some humane and pacific
policy shall bo adopted, demanded alike by a
sense of justice to a feeble race and of national
interest and honor; whether at length the time
has not cotnc when this nation will not throw
around what remains of the North American
Indian the shield of the Constitution and the
protection of the laws ?
For this act of justice, long delayed, the times
aro auspicious. The Constitution in its regen-
eration contemplates the equal protection of
all subject to our jurisdiction. The President
of the United States on coming to the duties of
liis great office, in deepest sympathy with the
well known-sentiments of Washington, invoked
justice for the Indians at the hands of the
nation, and has signalized his administration
by efforts to place around them those civilizing
national influences which alone can avert the
doom that menaces them.
The conflict which rages on the frontiers,
and has employed a large portion of our Army
for the last seven years, sprung up soon after
