5238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
ment of the Senator from New Jersey is not
in order. _ If no other amendment be offered,
the question is, "Shall the amendments be
engrossed and the bill read a third time?"
Mr. SPRAGUE. I consider it my duty to
ask for a vote on coal. I do not mean to make
any speech ; but it may be remembered that
the Senate Finance Committee reported fifty
cents a, ton duty on coal, and the Senate in
committee fixed it at SI 25, as it is now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
amendment was reserved and adopted by the
Senate, and two days having since elapsed, a
motion to reconsider cannot be made.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It was reserved, and has
not been voted upon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has
been voted upon, and two days have elapsed.
Mr. VICKERS. I submit the following
amendment:
That the duty on salt in bulk sliall be ten cents
for every one hundred pounds.
That tho duty on salt in sacks, including the sack,
shall be fifteen cents per hundred pounds.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is rather too late to
introduce the salt question.
_ The PRESIDENT^iro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. BOREMAN rose.
Mr. CONKL1NG. We can vote it down.
Mr. BOREMAN. Very well.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator irom
Maryland.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. I was going to say some-
thing, but if the question is disposed of I will
not insist upon doing so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The Chair
was not aware that the Senator from Maryland
proposed to address the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I can bear testimony that
the Senator endeavored to address the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
Chair will ask the Senate to consider that the
vote has not been taken.
Mr. VICKERS. No, sir; I decline speaking.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thought the Senator was standing to offer other
amendments, as he had a paper in his hand.
The Chair was not aware that the Senator
intended to address the Senate on this question.
Mr. VICKERS. It makes no difference, sir ;
I decline to speak.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. VICKERS. Is it too late to offer an
amendment ?
Several Senators. Oh, yes.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. No amend-
ment can now be offered unless the vote by
which the bill was ordered to a third reading
be reconsidered.
Mr. VICKERS. I was only going to offer
an amendment pledging the faith of the Gov-
ment that the income tax shall not last longer
than 1872.
Mr. THURMAN. On the passage of this
bill, I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie ordered; aud being
taken, resulted—yeas 43. nays 0; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Carpenter,
Ctiandler, Colo, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Drake,
-Bdniimds, Venton, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Uowe, Howell, Kellogg, McDonald, Mor-
rill ot' V crmont, Morton, IN ye, Patterson, Pool, Ram-
sey, Itiee, Itobertson, Koss, Sawyer, Sehurz, Scott,
Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton,
Thajer, Thurman, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, Wil-
1 i =) m and AVilson—13.
NAiTS—-Messrs. Bayard, Hamilton of Maryland,
Ilanis, AloCrcery, Saulsbury, and Vickers—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow,
IjucivinKfiam, Cameron, Casserly, Cattell, Davis,
Ferrj;, Flanagan, Fowler, Howard, Johnston, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Norton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt,
.Revels, Sumner, Tipton, and Yates—28.
So the bill was passed.
RIVEK AND HARBOR BIIL.
Mr. SAWYER. I submit an amendment
which I intend to propose to the river and
harbor bill, and move that it be printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I move now that the Senate
proceed to the cossideration of Senate bill
No. 401, known as the Atlantic and Pacific
railroad bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mich-
igan, that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at eleven
o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 6, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bwtleii.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
RAILROAD AND IMMIGRATION COMPANY.
Mr. BUCK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (EL R. No. 2368) granting public
lands to the New Orleans and Selma Railroad
and Immigration Association, for the purpose
of aiding in the construction of railroads to pro-
mote immigration and secure homesteads in
the State of Alabama; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
FORT LUAVENWOIiTII MILITARY RESERVATION.
Mr. ASPER. I ask unanimous consent to
report back, for consideration at the present
time, a joint resolution (II. R. No. 170) author-
izing the sale of a portion of the Fort Leaven-
worth military reservation to the Kansas
Agricultural and Mechanical Association of
Leavenworth county, in the State of Kansas,
for fair grounds. The committee propose to
report this joint resolution with an amendment.
The joint resolution was read. The first
section provides that the Kansas Agricultural
and Mechanical Association, a corporate body
organized under and by virtue of the laws of
the State of Kansas, is hereby authorized to
purchase from the United States, for the sole
purpose and use of such association as a fair
ground, and for experimental agriculture aud
horticulture, that portion of the Fort Leaven-
worth military reservation bounded and de-
scribed as follows, namely: commencing at
the southeast corner of the premises herein
described, at a point one hundred feet north
and in continuation of the west line of Six-
teenth street, as laid down and recorded in the
map of the city of Leavenworth, and one hun-
dred feet north of the south line of said reser-
vation ; thence running westerly and parallel
to said south boundary twenty-five hundred
and eighty feet to the east line of Nineteenth
street; thence northerly and in continuation
of the east side of said Nineteenth street
twenty-one hundred and seventy-five feet;
thence easterly and parallel to the south line
of said reservation twenty-five hundred and
eighty feet; thence southerly and parallel to
the west line of the premises herein described
twenty-one hundred and seventy-five feet, to
the place of beginning, containing one hundred
and twenty-eight and eighty-two hundredths
acres of land, more or less. The second section
provides that the Secretary of War is hereby
directed to appoint a commission of competent
Army officers, of such number as he may deem
best, which said commission shall, without
unnecessary delay, examine and report the true
value of the land hereinbefore described to the
Secretary of War. On receipt of this report the
Secretary of War will forward certified copies
of the same to the Secretary of the Interior aud
to the Kansas Agricultural Association. The
third section provides that whenever the asso-
ciation thus notified shall place to the credit of
the United States with the Treasurer of the
United States, in lawful money, the amount of
id appraisal, and notified the Secretary of the
Interior of such deposit, it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Interior to cause to be
issued to the said Kansas Agricultural and
Mechanical Association a patent for the said
land above described ; provided that the asso-
ciation shall make the said deposit within one
year from, the date of the notice of appraisal
from the Secretary of War.
The amendment of the committee was read,
as follows:
Amend by inserting after the word *' less/' in the
twenty-fifth line, the following:
Reserving to the Government or assigns all right
to the coal or royalty to the coal underlying the
same.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the ques-
tion whether that is an Indian or military res-
ervation?
The SPEAKER. It is a military reserva-
tion.
Mr. CULLOM. I object.
So the bill was not received.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2.370) to
establish certain post roads ; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the bill contain any-
thing but legislation in reference to post roads ?
Mr. FERRY. There is no general legislation
in the bill ; but it makes provision simply for
the establishment of the post routes. I demand
the previous question on the passage of the
bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. FERRY, the bill was
ordered to bo printed in the Globe. It is as
follows:
A bill to establish certain post roads.
Beit enacted by the Senate and liouseof Represenia-
lives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, Thc.tthe following be established as post roads:
ALABVMJU
l^rom Scottsboro' to Lebanon.
From Evergreen to Cokesviile.
irom Abbeville, via Martinsville and SmithTille,
to Columbia.
Prom Huntsville to Center Hill,
rrom Huntsville. via Meridianvi'
vi)Jc
Huntsville, via Meridianville, to Fayette-
From New Market to "Rlora.
fiom Larlun's Fork to Hunt's Station,
from Troy to Ozark.
From Xomlins to Vernon.
ARKANSAS.
From Devall's Bluff to Pme Bluff.
From Batesville to Ash Flat.
irom Marshall to Dovor.
From Cotton Plant to De?are.
From Brinkley to Auguxta.
.rrom DarduneHc to Wdldron.
From Galena to Carrollton.
from Monlicello to Auburn.
ARIZONA.
Xroin Prescottto Williamson's Valley.
from Proscolt to alnut Grove.
h rom Pre?-eott to Woolsey's Valley.
.brom AIa?)lc Shades, via Black Canon and Wiok-
enburg, to Vulture Mine.
CALIFORNIA.
.v,*a Oak Run, Round Mountain,
s Mill .bridge, and George Lake, to Lake
Yuka to Little Shasta.
Calistoga to Kelsey.
Tuolumne City to Millerton.
Sail Ral.iel to Tsieasio.
Ukiah to Round Vailev.
MUlviUe to Fort Ridwili.
banta tio^a to Sonoma.
San Jo.^6 to Santa Clara.
Xtappy Camp to Waldo in Oregon,
busanvilie to Ruwbergs.
From
Cuyton
City.
From
From
From
From
From
Fiom
From
From
From
From
COLORADO.
From Canyon City to Colfax.
From jbViins to ISl.iekhu.wkPoint,
1 rom (.ars^i on City to Greenhorn,
iiorn Pine Bluff to Golden City.
