1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1463
i hare made. I have felt them long and deeply, J1
 nd the* hare be«n suddenly drawn forth in |
the hope, in the prayer, that the hearts of the j
members on the other side would open and
rwt they would be willing to pardon all their
oiuv iviieilious brethren alike.
Mr. IH'lLKli, of' Massachusetts. I now
\:i'iU to uiy colleague on the committee, [Mr.
VvKSswoBni,) ihe gentleman 1'roiu Illinois.
Mr. I AKNSWORTH. If the gentleman
will ii.u ol'jeot, 1 will yield to the gentleman
from Kentuokv. [Mr. Heck.]
Mr. lU' 11.Eli, of Massachusetts. Very well;
lor live minutes.
Mr. BECK. While I agree with much the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] has
> id. white i hare struggled in my feeble way,
id season and out of season, 1 way say, to
obtain a gt-neral amnesty and removal of dis-
abilities for the people of the South; while I
believe the true policy of all, especially of the
Republican party, is that amnesty should be
grauted in order that we may have a union of
hearts and hands as well as of territory, still I
must confess my utter astonishment that the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
fbould now rise in his place and speak against
this bill ard announce his intention to rote
sgainst it, solitary and alone if need be, and
taos keep the iron hand of persecution upon
these men, many of them the very best men in
the South.
During the Fortieth Congress I served on the
Committee on Reconstruction with the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Brooks.] 1 then
took the ground that he takes now, that this
Honse ought not to peddle out amnesty and
pardon ; that it was beneath the dignity of this
Government to do such things. 1 then spoke
against the bills for the purpose of pardon-
ing special persons ; and it was only after the
gentleman from New York had supported the
passage of a bill containing a large number of
names, the most of them ot Republicans, that I
gave up the position I had occupied and joined
him in voting for bills of this character. Yet
the first time we had a bill before ns, during
tbe last spring, in which there were the names
of a number of Democrats, a larger number
tban we ever had in a bili before, including a
few men from Kentucky, that gentleman voted
against it, almost solitary and alone among the
Democrats of this House. And to the shame
of some Democrats, be it said, that bill would
have failed but for the fact that the Republicans
generally voted for it.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brook*] was not alone.
Mr. BKCK. I did not say he was alone.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I voted for that par-
ticular bill; but I announced on the floor of
this House more than a year ago that I bad
given my last vote for the removal of disabili-
ties in individual cases.
Mr. BECK. I know that; but when we
have before us a bill like this, the fairest bill
of the kind that has ever been presented—not
embracing, as has been stated, the worst men
in these various States, but such men as the
oid judges of Virginia, many of whom have
held their places for twenty years and who
never took any part in tbe war, but simply
continued in office doing their duty as judges—
when the passage of a bill like this will relieve
from disabilities some of the best men in their
respective communities, and enable the State
government to be reorganized, it does not, I
submit, become gentlemen occupying such a
position as the gentleman from New York to
object to the relief of these men. J hope that
in this action he will stand solitary and alone
on our side of the House.
Mr. VOORHEES. I rise for the purpose
of expressing my concnrrence in the views of
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Bfx-k.]
I shall vote for this measure, and am glad to
have an opportunity to do so. I shall vote
for the relief of as many as possible of these
men, hoping that the day is not far distant
when a general amnesty bill shall be passed by
this House. Anxious ns I am for the passage
of a general act, I shall not vote against this
bill for the purpose of enforcing the introduc-
tion of such a measure. My object iu seeking
the tloor at this time was, inasmuch as there
seems to be some division of sentiment on this
side of the House, to add my words, however
little weight they may have, in favor of this
bill. 1 am thankful for all that wo can get in
this regard. If grace is to be peddled out I
rejoice at every act of pardon, hoping that
soon forgiveness may come in more copious
showers. That is my position on this question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Earnswouth.]
Mr. EARNS WORTH. Mr. Speaker, I wish
to say that I concur in a great deal that has
been said in regard to what is called "ped-
dling out " amnesty in individual cases. I
think the time is at hand, or very nearly at
hand, when in the exercise of the powergiven
us by the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution we should relieve from political dis-
abilities almost everybody, if not everybody,
now subject to such disabilities. Now that
the fifteenth amendment has become apart of
the Constitution it certainly is entirely safe
that all the white men in the United States not
disqualified by other crimes than participation
in the rebellion should be permitted to hold
office equally with the colored men of the
United States. Hence the propriety of a gen-
eral act of amnesty. When the fourteenth
amendment was adopted it was contemplated
that the time would come, and come before
many months, when this great Government of
ours could, in its magnanimity as well as its
justice, relieve everybody from this ban ; for,
under existing circumstances, the ban dis-
qualifies more good men than bad. Under tbe
general rule, everybody who ever held an office
in any of the States before the war and sub-
sequently gave aid or comfort to the rebellion
is excluded from the right to hold office; and
this embraces a great many more good men
than bad. It really punishes a man because
his neighbors had sufficient confidence in him
before the war to elect him to an office. A
man who aided in the rebellion if he did not
hold an office before the war is not excluded.
But, Mr. Speaker, the bill now before the
House embraces the names of a number of per-
sons whose cases have been examined by the
committees of the House and Senate. Most
of these names were submitted to one or the
other of these committees last year, and the
petitions of the individuals, drawn in due form,
with the recommendations of leading men of
their respective communities in favor of grant-
ing relief from disabilities were presented to
these committees last winter or spring. We
ask the House to vote for this bill, and then
speedily to put an end to the system of indi-
vidual amnesties. I am willing for one to strike
hands with any other members of the House
in saying that after the passage of this bill we
will not engage any further in the granting of
individual acts of amnesty, but will agree upon
a general bill by which individuals may obtain
amnesty without applying to Congress for it.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is a necessity for the
passage of this bill now. I have been asked,
why not pass a general bill at the present
time? It will take considerable time to pass
a general law. It will have to go to the other
House, there to be examined and discussed day
after day, as bills are discussed in the Senate.
While the Legislature of Virginia is actually
organized, they are waiting in suspense for
Congress to pass this bill, so that they may or-
ganize the State government of that State and
set the wheels in motion. In many portions
of that State, as it has been in other States
which have been reconstructed from time to
time, they find it impossible to find men qual-
ified to hold the office of judge and justice of
the peace ; for those who are qualified for the
office are mostly disqualified under the four-
teenth amendment to tbe Constitution. These
names have been very carefully examined by
the committees of the two Houses, and it does
seem to me there can be no good reason why
any gentleman can refuse to give his voto for
the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 now
yield for two minutes to the geutleinan from
New York, [Mr. Wood.1
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I shall vote for the
bill called up by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler,] and also for the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman frotn South
Carolina, [Mr. Whittemork.] I desire to state
that I agree very fully in the sentiments that
have been advanced by my colleague, [Mr.
Brooks.] I am opposed, as 1 always have
been, to this dealing out the clemency of Con-
gress in doses of this character when not only
their individual, but political sentiments un-
dergo an investigation, I am sorry to believe, by
partisan committees both inside and outside
of Congress. Yet, sir, we have to meet the
difficulty as it is. We cannot always have our
own way. The fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States imposes cer-
tain disabilities upon certain southern men,
and that amendment declares those penalties
cannot be removed except by Congress. Now,
there are two modes proposed by which Con-
gress shall remove those disabilities. Hereto-
fore we have removed them by bills like that
underdiscussion; but the Committee on Recon-
struction have reported to this House a general
bill by which Congress will hereafter be freed
from the introduction of bills of this character,
power being granted to the courts in the several
States for the removal of disabilities.
But, sir, we have to meet this question as it
is now presented to us. Here are two or three
thousand persons who have been recommended
by the Committees on Reconstruction of the
two Houses of Congress for the adoption of
the two Houses, and by the understanding,
implied at least, between the two Houses on
this question, that neither House will interfere
with the action of the other in any measure
which either may take for the removal of polit-
ical disabilities. I hope, therefore, under these
circumstances, that this measure will pass.
While it may be, as my colleague has said,
that bad men may be benefited by it, I believe
three out of four persons whoSe disabilities
will be removed are proper persons to receive
this boon from Congress. Therefore I shall
vote in favor of the bill brought up by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts and the amendment
of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Whittemore.J
Mr. DOX. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
to the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. l)OX. Mr. Speaker, although this bill
here presented is far, very far from the measure
I would deem it not only politic to the Gov-
ernment, but eminently just to the people of
the South and of the whole country to pass,
yet no man can come to this House ana ask
for amnesty and have my vote in the negative.
Therefore, as a Union man always, as a Union
man now, I trust this bill will receive the vote
not only of that side of the House, but of this
side also. I trust that the assurances of the
gentleman from Massachusettsand other mem-
bers of the Reconstruction Committee will be
carried out, and we shall very soon have a bill
universal in its character, such not only as the
people of the South are entitled to, but such
as I honestly believe sound policy to the whole
country demands this Congress should puss.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 now
vield to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
mayxakd.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I propose, as an amend-
