1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
mon laborers obtain-from one to two dollars
per day, and mechanics from $2 50 to five
dollars, or more than one to over three bush-
els of wheat for a day's work.
Breadstuff® and meats are far cheaper in
this country than elsewhere, and the report of
Commissioner Wells last year showed the de-
pression of wages in Europe, as compared
with the United States, ranged from twenty-
five to forty-eight per cent. The common
laborers upon the Mont Oenis tunnel receive
from France but three francs a day, or fifty-sis
cents, and the more important and experienced
workmen only four to five francs per day; but
the men employed on the Pacific railroad were
paid from two to three dollars per day. At
Naples the wages of skilled workmen in trades
are bnt two to three francs per day when there
is anything to do, and they work fifteen hours
a day.
There are many wild schemes afloat, mainly
exotics, ostensibly for the benefit of the work-
ing classes, such as the abolition of money,
interest, land monopoly, rent, and the law of
inheritance, besides the Referendum, by which
all laws are to be submitted to a vote of the
whole people before being in force; but they
are manifestly the growth of other and different
lands afflicted with evils of which a republic
affords no example and for which it might,
perhaps, be tendered as an adequate remedy.
These schemes will find a placo on platforms
even here, because we have large numbers who
prefer to live by oratory rather than by the
spade, the hammer, or the jack-plane, but in
a country offering free homesteads and free
schools they will hardly take permanent root.
But workingmen have a right, singly or by
association, to set their own price upon their
labor. Time is the workingmen's capital ex-
clusively, but they must remember that if
not discretely used it cannot be stored up and
its value in the twinkling of an eye departs
forever. They have a right in time of peace
to stipulate for wages in gold or its equivalent.
Paper money is their bane. They have the right
to join cooperative unions. Beyond wages a par-
ticipation in some annual share of the profits
of the business wherein they are employed
would secure their hearty good will to do the
most and not the least in their power, and not
only promote the welfare of workmen, but it
would in the end prove beneficial to all those
who might be induced to furnish capital for
enterprises on such terms. Yet, as 1 have
already intimated, the greatest boon which can
be conferred by the State upon its people, and
one which workingmen should insist upon
having, is a sound elementary education, made
compulsory and free of cost to every child
within its domains. Thus only will a higher
sphere of usefulness be reached and a higher
social organization be maintained.
This'eight-hour class of legislation in the
nineteenth century, no more than the shilling-
a-day class, becomes Americans, never sup-
posed to be very timid in boasting of their
progress. To make war upon foreign nations
because they will not pay the price of a bushel
and a half of wheat for one bushel would hardly
be justified. Then how shall we defend a law
to compel the wages of a full day's work for
anything less?
The old slanders of Buffon and Abbe Baynal,
which Jefferson and others so successfully
refuted, charged that nature had been less
active and generous to the western hemisphere
than to the eastern, and that specimens of the
vegetable and animal kingdom, including man,
were deficient in size, strength, and vitality as
compared with specimens of the same class in
Europe, and that even deterioration followed
specimens of European origin when trans-
planted to American soil. This, like many other
slanders, we have lived down. Had we not,
California trees, fruits, and vegetables might
be summoned to the rescue. But in Europe
some of the most reliable authorities declare
that "every man in health has the power of
applying his mind and body to productive I
labor for ten or twelve hours of the day,'' |
(Malthus, p. 416,) which in point of fact is
rather less than over their habit. Shall we
after all make confession of American inferi-
ority by a legal declaration of our incompe-
tency as a people to endure beyond eight hours ?
Must we mortify our national pride by admit-
ting that we are unable to do as much and bear
as much as men elsewhere?
The great advantage we have hitherto main-
tained in the United States in favor of the
laboring masses, and which it should be our
highest ambition still to maintain, is that
wages are much higher here than in any other
country, or in point of fact nearly twice as
much as elsewhere. But will it not be too
much to attempt to keep wages at the maxi-
mum American point and at the same time to
dispense with a considerable part of the labor?
Surely it is nothing less than lighting the cau-
dle at both ends. Abundant wages, the vision
of which attracts to our shores ten thousand
emigrants per week, are within our grasp, but
stinted labor is a species of thriftless saving,
of fruitless economy which no rising nation
can afford, and is a fearful symptom that our
growth has about reached its culmination or
that its declension has already commenced.
It may prove the beginning of "a masterly
inactivity" that preludes decay and death. To
spend the capital of the country without sup-
plying the waste would prove equally ruinous
to non-capitalists and capitalists. When capi-
tal becomes scarce, as a matter of course it
grows dear, and less of it is within the reach
of those who obtain it by labor.
Many persons may possibly be able to in-
dulge in one excess, b«t ruin comes to spend-
thrifts from an indulgence in all. The prop-
erty of the world, the accumulation of centuries,
seems immense, but with undiminished con-
sumption six years of idleness would exhaust
the whole of it. A large part of it must be
annually replaced or the world goes backward.
Wo may have as a people the ability for com-
ing ages, it is to be hoped, to indulge in a high
rate of wages, but it will be disastrous to indulge
at the same time in a low rate of labor or time.
There can bo no prosperity without work.
Our reputation as a people of universal indus-
try has been honestly won, and the proposal
to reduce our measure to an inflexible stand-
ard of eight hours per day for the weak and
the strong, the dull and the dextrous, or to
curtail our aggregate products by more than
one fifth, if this rule were to be universally
adopted and applied to machinery as well as
to men, will be to debase our character for
industry j ust as we have developed our highest
powers, and the debasement will occur at that
most inauspicious moment, the close of a war
drawing heavily on our national capital, when
every brain and every muscle of our country
should be actively at, work for the speediest
reparation of the ravages of the conflict. Need-
ing additional labor most of all else in every
State and Territory of our broad land, we have
presented instead—what? A proposition to
diminish what labor we have, which in point of
statesmanship may be ranked on a par with
such measures as lower the standard of a bushel
of wheat from sixty to fifty pounds, or to paper
money below par, or such as legalize a stand-
ard of clipped coin. The naked proposition
is to support forty million people and do the
the work of only thirty-two.
How many railroads to the Pacific could we
hope to build under an eight-hour rule ? How
soon would our vast public domain be made
to blossom as the rose through such stinted
labor? When could we restore our commer-
cial marine, now so disastrously crippled, to
its former splendor with labor so manacled?
How would our volunteers have maintained
the struggle of four years against the rebellion
if they liad through life been trained to only
eight hours of exertion out of the twenty-four ?
What would have become of Grant's army in
line of battle all summer, or of Sherman's
in that wonderful "march through Georgia,
smashing things to the sea?" "
When from leisure or luxury the hands of
Americans become too soft for energetic toil,
or when they pine for the tasks of children and
flout the tasks of men, from that moment our
decline and fall may be dated, and the great
principles of Union, liberty, and independence,
which, through the blessings of Providence,
have carried us through so many stirring events,
so many historic stages, will vanish, nevermore
to make the hearts of patriots burn within them
or to freeze the blood of kings and tyrants.
All who may be lured from the necessary
hours of labor, as accepted by the best part of
mankind, whenever again forced to their re-
sumption, as they soon would be, would find
self-denying toil more irksome than ever and
their manhood benumbed and ambitionless,
The haughty speech of Themistocles was that
"he could not fiddle, but yet he could make a
small town a great city.'' The sponsors of the
eight-hour rule more modestly may claim that
though they can fiddle charmingly they cannot
make a small State great, because their art
tends only to make a great State small.
The hereditary principle, "once a baron
always a baron, once a cobbler always a cob-
bler," copied from the unprogressive ages of
ancient times, and depressing the lower classes
quite as much as it elevated the upper, as
unfolded in the rule that every member of a
family must follow the particular calling of his
father, and which still largely prevails in Eu-
rope, is banished in America as much from
the ranks of manual industry as from learned
professions and official stations. Liberty has
emancipated the energies and the genius of the
American people from the slavish routine of
all such soul-debasing perpetuities.
When men are under a master they are inca-
pable of enterprise or economy, and lose,
according to the old Greek poet, half their
virtue; but here all men are free, and every
man can and will ply his abilities with the
utmost energy for his own sake. He does not
court the guardianship of legislation, but asks
to be free without let or hinderance to engage
or not to engage in any branch of labor the
world invites. He is his own master, and can
make his own terms, rejecting all others. His
prosperity depends upon this freedom, and the
prosperity of the nation is made up of the
aggregate prosperity of individuals. The eight-
hour law degrades labor by the assumption
that American laborers are in the condition of
serfs requiring tutelage. Never was there a
greater mistake. Every letter of our Consti-
tution proclaims to each citizen, "We invest
thee 'with crown and miter, sovereign o'er
thyself."' They are politically and socially
independent; elastic physically, and mentally
not gloomy ; and in fact they are the envy of
laboring men the world over, from the glaciers
of Norway to the ancient seats of the Roman
empire, from the Emerald Isle to "farthest
Ind."
The rights and privileges of freemen give the
noblest, the highest possible stimulus to hum-
ble thrift and toil, and it is our pride that we
tolerate no class legislation. One man before
the law is as good as another. Bjr his own
works only can he show that he is better than
another; that he has a larger heart or a more
electric brain, or that he can perform more
difficult or more useful feats of labor. Our
public schools are open to all, and the ways to
wealth or wisdom are not shut or concealed
from or raised above even the humblest of our
population. They can work for themselves or
for others as they please ; pursue any vocation
as long as they like, and take up a new one
when they like.
Let us, then, leave Americans to follow
whatever walk in life they choose—-imposing
neither long hours nor short—and to follow it
* Sherman's letter to Grunt proposing tho march.
