im
mu oommmmAh mmR
February 21,
raent to the Senate bill, to «trike out, from th«
list certain names from my own State. I move
as follows:
Strike oat the folio*ids names: Neil S. Brown,
Robert J. McKinncy. Archibald Wright, F.D, Dun-
Bitifton. and Jsmea II.Thomas.
1 desire to say, in connection with this amend-
ment, that these are all prominent men. Two
of them were judges of the supreme court, and
one was formerly a member of this House. I
have made inquiries, and am not aware that
any of them have applied to havo their dis-
abilities removed. And I certainly kuow of
nothing in their course since the war which
indicates any desire on their part to be relieved
of their disabilities, and much less do I know
of their having expressed any such desire.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Which of
these gentlemen was a member of this House?
Mr. MAYNARV>. Mr. Thomas.
Mr. YAN TRUMP. Are the names which
the gentleman from Tennessee proposes to
strike off those of Democrats or 01 Repub-
licans according to the gentleman's view ?
Mr. MAYNARD. It would be very difficult
to tell whether they were Democrats or rebels.
They claim, some of them, to be Conservatives.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Portek.]
Mr. PORTER. I desire to move in amend-
ment to strike out certain names of persons in
Virginia.
The SPEAKER. Th|it amendment is not
in order at present, there being already two
amendments pending.
Mr. GETZ. If many more names are struck
oat there will be none left.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
position of the question. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] reports the bill.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Whittsmore] moves to amend by adding what
is known as the House bill, and the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] moves to
amend that amendment by striking out certain
names. No further amendment is in order. ;
Mr. MAYNARD. My amendment is not to
the amendment, but to the Senate bill, from
which it proposes to strike ont certain names.
The SPEAKER. The only way in which it
can be entertained at present is by treating it
as an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Hotchkiss.]
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I am opposed to the
bill and to all thq amendments to the bill, and I
deem it due to myself! that I should state the
reasons why I occupy that position in order
that I may not be misunderstood. 1 have no
objection to a single man named in this bill,
or in any of the amendments; but we have & !
general bill now pending, and the very eii- <
gency that compels action upon this bill will j
also apply to the general bill that is pending.
If we have in the Tate rebellious .States men i
elected to offices who are ineligible, whom the !
people of those States have selected, and who
desire U> have their disabilities removed, let us
sospena all other legislation and consider the
subject. We can do so in much less time than is
required for this partial legislation. I want the
friends of the men named in this measure to help
a general measure tliat shall prescribe terms
upou which citizenship shall be restored and dis-
abilities removed, so that we may have general
and not partial action. Probably there are few
members of this House who have not friends
in Virginia, friends in Mississippi, friends in
Texas, who are now elected to offices, or who,
are candidates for offices to be filled in those
States, who desire to be restored to the right
to hold those offices.
By the adoption of this measnre the release
from these disabilities of those parties may come
too late. Let us have the whole subject brought
np, and let it be disposed of. If the bill which
has been offered is uot lufSoientj if it is too
restrictive in its ternasi let us amend it; if it
is too liberal, let us amend it. I am for a gen-
eral bill that shall prescribe terms upon which
every mau may be restored who can comply
with those terms. I favor such a measure, not
because these men deserve it, not because I
have any special affection for rebels j but the
people of these States now have the responsi-
bility of self-government thrown upon them,
and it will be a matter of convenience to them
that they be allowed to select their own offi-
cers without having any obstacles in the shape
of disabilities thrown in their way. They can
1 judge better there wheu men are proposed for
office, of their iitness for the positions for which
they are offered than wo can judge here. Let
us go right at the subject at once, so that the
people may be at liberty to select any man who
can conform to the regulations we prescribe.
Now, wewantall the friends of what is called
amnesty here to vote together ; for in any event
we havo to have two thirds of this House to
adopt any such measure. I)o not let ua begin
by satisfying the claims of A, and then the
claims of B; for just as fast as we satisfy these
men they have no further interest in the sub-
ject. Let us block the wheels of legislation
upon this subject until we can act once for all
and have it out of the way. This has been a
staple in politics long enough. I, for one, am
tired of it. The very exigency which urges
this measure will help a general bill. It was
suggested to me that I offer an amendment
that all names be stricken out of the bill and
the various amendments, excepting those of
men who have been elected to office in the
State of Mississippi; but, if I understand the
Chair aright, amendments are no longer in
order. I therefore hope that the House will
vote down this bill, ana that the general bill
that is now pending may be called up.
_ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Golladay] for two minutes.
Mr. GOLLADAli. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts a question as to
these gentlemen from Tennessee, Governor
Brown and others. Why does the gentleman
allow the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynaud] to move to strike these names out?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I opened
this debate by saying that I would admit any
amendment to strike out names offered by
any gentleman who stated that he knew causes
why the names should be stricken out.
Mr. GOLLADAY. Then I wish to ask this
question: has the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion investigated the claims ofBrown, Wright,
and others whose names the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mn Maynard] has moved to strike
out? Did the committee investigate their
petitions before they reported their names in
the bill ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Reconstruction investigated every
name, and from the information they had
thought it best to report these names.
Mr. GOLLADAY. I, want to say, then, that
I have had an intimate and long personal ac-,
quaint&nce with Governor Brown, one of the. I
gentlemen whose names it is proposed to strike !
out, and I undertake to say that his name is |
not before this body without his having first 1
asked in the usual form to have his disabilities
removed. He is recommended, I know, by a
portion of the Tennessee delegation, not only
in.this House, but at the other end of the Cap-
itol, and I undertake to say, from my own
knowledge of him. that there is not in the State
of Tennessee to-aay a more thorough patriot
than he is,nor a gentleman of more varied qual-
ities of head ana heart, whose honor is untar-
nished, and whose veracity I know would be
unchallenged by any tribunal in Tennessee
where he is known and loved, even by political
enemies.
In answer to the question of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Van Trump,] whether he was i
a rebel or a Democrat, 1 say that Governor
Brown does not to-day claim to be a Demo-
j crat. He was «n old Whig, with whom I was
proud to associate in other days, and by rea-
son of his very nature a conservative and law-
abiding man, who holds the good of his whole
country above all party. Governor Brown wa3
one of that class of Tenuesseeans who stood in
the breach, in opposition to secession and an-
archy to the very last moment, even risking
and imperiling his life in defense of the Union
and in opposition to the whole secession move-
ment, within my knowledge. I have stood in
his presence when speaking in defense of Union
and liberty, and felt the magic, spell of his elo-
quence when he depicted the horrors of civil
war and sketohed the beauties of the Union and
of peaco. Yet, under the pressure of events
he felt compelled to go South, in sympathy
with his State and people. He returned to
Tennessee at the close of the war a sudder
man, but every inch a patriot; and I say that
current history will show that this man has
made more Bpeeches in defense of liberty and
law and in opposition to the Kuklux Klan, and
has given more good advice, both to the black
men and the white, than any man in the State of
Tennessee, and public sentiment there to-day
awards him supreme honor and credit for the
early inauguration of peace and quiet in his
beloved State. He stands a conservative, whose
character is unimpeached and unimpeachable
before the American people, and he asks to be
relieved of those disabilities under which ho
labors. I submit whether he should be turned
back or not.
I could, if my time was not circumscribed by
two minutes, say as much for Wright, McKiu-
ney, and Dunnington, the men whose names
my honorable friend from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] proposes to wipe out of this bill.
Tennessee has no. superior men to these, and
if they are to be excluded, in God's name
reject the whole bill as & faroe and a delusion.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 would like to ask the
gentleman on what authority he says that Gov-
ernor Brown has asked to be relieved. Haa
he seen any petition 1
Mr. GOLLADA.Y. I will answer the ques-
tion by saying that I have information from a.
member of Congress from Tennessee that he
recommended his petition. I have information
from a Senator that he recommended it, and
am amazed to learn that any man who knows
these men should feel other than pride in
taking them by the hand and welcoming them
back into the brotherhood of our nationality.
Mr. MAYNARD. He may have been recom-
mended. I am not saying anything about that,
one way or the other. What I said was that
if he has made an application himself, by peti-
tion or otherwise, 1 never have heard of it,
and I do not believe he ever has.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
resume the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I would ask if:
it is not the rule of the Committee on Recon-
struction that every man who is proposed to
be relieved shall apply by petition.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
endeavor to answer that question.
Mr. MAYNARD. The names I have moved
to strike out are in the Senate bill. They came
over from the other end of the Capitol.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
desire to call the previous question on the,
several amendments, in order that they may
be disposed of, so that other amendments may
be received.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. For a
moment, yes.
Mr. RANDALL. During my service in
this House I have always voted to relieve from
political disabilities all who may have.applied
for that purpose. I supposed that this bill
would be supported in some measure with-
