2408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
made a classification independent, as I have
said in the begtnhihg, of the specific requests
of any class of people engaged in the trade.
I believe it is the best fbr the consumer. I
believe it is the best which could be devised
for the consumer; fof the farmer who wants
his cheap, light, brown sugar for his coffee, and
for all others. I believe it is better than any
other suggestion which has been made. Be-
lieving the gentleman from Iowa is in favor of
the sugar and refining interest of the world 
1 Mr. ALLISON. Not at all.
Mr. KliLLEY. In so far as to allow them
to import clarified sugar, cleared of molasses,
20 per cent., and cleared of waste, 8 per cent.;
enough to destroy the clarifying process all
over this country. It would close even the
large establishments of California, riear as they
are to the Sandwich Islands; for some British
manufacturer could send his process for mere
clarification, without refinement, to the Sand-
wich Islands, atid, as I have so often said, im-
port his sugars, while the American refiner was
paying duty of S dents on molasses, import 20
from each 100 pounds at five eighths of 1 per
cent.; and while the American importer is pay-
ing for 28 pouhds of waste he would import it
free from all these drawbacks.
[Herd the hammer fell.]
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I propose to reduce it to
If; cent; and I do not wish to speak against my
own amendment.
Mr. Chairman, my colleague from Pennsyl-
vania 011 the committee [Mr. Kellet] has
replied to my colleague from lowaon the com-
mittee [Mr. Allison] in a manner which will
show what it is wo are here debating. When
he '-ays that the gentleman from Iowa has not
answered what I have said at all, I but repeat
it. He lias brought in what is lower down in
the bill in relation to clarified sugar and pre-
sented an argument to show, when we come to
consider that, it will be found we have given
more than the refiners asked.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 beg the getitlemafi'g par-
don ; that is not the reasoii why I asked that
we should consider that paragraph. MyrSasoh
was this : if you pass this paragraph as it is in
the bill then it will be said when We tome to
the other paragraph wo cannot amend it, be-
cause it will not be in order for us to do so.
My objection is to the other paragraph, I admit.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Not at all; amendments
will be in order when We reach that paragraph.
Let the gentleman wait. My objection is to
his amendment to this paragraph. I want to
have sugar of the host quality we can get for
the people. I propose not only that everything
refined or raW below a certain standard, but
all raw sugar, no matter how fine it shall bo,
shall be given to the people at 2 cents. I have
shown that is in direct conflict with What these
importers want. Why? Tliey only wrtnt to
let in part of all raw sugar, that below No. 12,
Dutch standard. Why? «■ Bringing that in at
2 cents per pound they will be supplied with
raw material at a cheap rate for their refining,
and by putting a higher duty on that above No.
12 discourage the bringing in of finer sugars
made by the first process and compel every-
thing to go ifito their refineries. I desire the
committee to listen to what an extensive sugar
merchant in Boston savs on this subject in a
letter to a member of the committee, which is
so pertinent that I will read it. It is from a
Mr. Nash, who is, I am informed, a very re-
spectable wholesale grocer and importer of
sugars in Boston. Mr. Nash says:
" The proposed change of duty on sugars by the re-
finers. through Commissioner Wells, is ofthatnaturo
that, 1 cannot imagine for a moment tho Committee
of Ways aud Means will give it any other than a pass-
ing notice. The action of the refiners appears to mo
to ho none, other than a demand for special legislation
m their iavor. They ask that the duties be increased
on all grade", of sugar above the qualities they pur-
chase for refmm*?, and that on this class of goods the
duties bereduced below present rates, thus compelling
consumers to buy their refined sugars. As I understand
the nraposnd ehantfr- it is tins tho duty on Xo. 12 to
he2i; above that to No. l.j, 3}; ana to h'uhi.i .uxoru-
ing to quality. Now, if this change should t&Kci place
tho effoctofitwill botd doprlVe a VerJ* lttrfeS ptbrt&r-
tion of the ' plain pfcople' of a grade of sugar they
have long been accustomed to use and are perfectly
satisfied with."
That is, "the plain ,people" tire willing to
use sugar that has hot beeti refined at ill, pro-
vided you frill let the raw sugar ih at 5 cents
and not confine it to that which does not go
above a certain grade, and thus allow only the
coarse to be admitted ht so lovr a rate of duty
as to supply ths refiners. Our object is, hot to
eoriiply With the demand of therefiners, so as to
drive all the fish to their net by putting tho low
duty only on the coarse grades which need to
be subjected to a process of manufacture, but
to put tho low duty on all raw sugars, admitting
at that low duty a class of sugars which large
numbers of people consume without their pass-
ing through the hands of the refiners. They
Say that tlioj- will not ask for refined sugars at
all, but desire to have tho opportunity of using
tho bettor class of raw sugars, without being
driven to the sugar refineries to get their sugars.
I think that is a complete answer to the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Alli-
son*.] Thet'e msiy be a question as to clarified
sugars when y/e get further on, and when we
reach that point I will be ready to consider the
gentleman's proposition.
[Ilero the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Mr. Chair-
man, I very milch desire that tho House should
precisely understand this question. 1 sympa-
thize entirely with the Committee of Ways and
Means in their desiro that, the people of this
country should have good sugar. The best
way to accomplish that result is, I think, to
encourage the production of sugar in this coun-
try ; for I believe that nO one caii .dispute tho
proposition that sugars raised in Louisiana ate
infinitely better than the foreign product. If
gentlemen desire that result let us tax heavily
these poor grades of sugar, as I propose, by
increasing the duty to cents instead pf 2
cents, as proposed by the Committee of-Ways
and Means. It seems to me that the propo-
sition I have subinitted should hieet the vi,6ws
of every class Of taen upon this floor. I have
heard numerous spfeecnes hefe, and very ex-
cellent speeches, on behalf or the agricul-
turists of the country. I put it, then, to those
gentlemen that this is a great agricultural in-
terest, which needs protection. I have heard
gentlemen argue in favor of producing only a
revenue to the Government. I say to thoso
gentlemen, increase this duty upon sugars, and
you will fill the coffers of the Treasury; for
the revenue from sugar is as great as on any
other three articles, and is almost twice as
much as the revenue derived from tea and
coffee. To thoso gentlemen who believe in
protecting American industry, who believe in
protecting our people from the crushing com-
petition of foreign pauper labor, I say here is
an opportunity for you to give effect to ycur
views by increasing the tariff upon those ar-
ticles. And to gentlemen who believe thai it
is more important that tho farm-laborer should
be fed than that the refiner should become
wealthy, I say that ail I ask is to divide $15,000,-
000 between GOO,000 laborers in the State of
Louisiana and 00 refiners, perhaps, throughout
Ihe United States. That is tho proposition. It
does not add a cefit to the cost of your good
sugars When you come to consume them. It
does place money in the Treasury. It does pro-
tect the producer. It will prevent the depletion
of this country of its money, which last year
went on to the extent of $90,000,000. Give us
a little protection and we will assist in prevent-
ing that rapid depletion of this country of its
means. I ask the House simply to divide this
$15,000,000 between tho farm-laborers of Lou-
isiana, Texas, Alabama, and Florida, nnd tho
00 men who are engaged in the refining of
sugars in this country.
Sir. SCHENCK. _ I withdraw the amend-
ment, and move to insert two eighths, with a
view of doing what I have not yet done, making
some reply to ths gentleman from Louisiana
[llr. Sheldon] tm the protective qittestiBn. tn
replying to the gentleman front Ibtva [Mr.
Allison*] I omitted atiy noticc of the argument
as presented ih the Other view o'f the cases by
ilie gentleman from Louisitaa.
Now, what are the fatits about siigars? Haw
Sugar, for that is what is UoW ittider esnsider-
ation, in 1842 carae in under a duty of
cents per pohnd; in 18-10 it Was lowered to 80
per cent, ad valorem; in 1857 it was lowered to
2-i percent, ad valorem; ill 1864 it was lowered
to three fourths of a cent per pound. Then the
war began, and it was raised in that same year,
1801, to 2 cciitS a pOulid. Then, ih December,
1801, it was raised to 2J cents a pound, and
then by the subsequent acts of 1S02 and 1863,
the duty wrts raised tt> 3 eortts per pound.
Beginning at 2 J certts a pound it had run dowh
gradually, being part of the time an ad valorem
duty of less than that, and part of the tithfe Con-
tinuing a specific duty, till it reached three
fourths of a cent per pound as the protective
duty upon it and the revenue duty. When the
war began it ran up under the exigenfcies of the
war frolii three fourths of a cent a pound to
2, 2J, atitl finally 3 dents A pound. We now
propose, as wo have paid part of the debt of
the war, to gi) Back and make the first step,
from 3 cents to 2 cents a pound on raw sugftrs.
We have no disposition to break down the sugar
factoripR ih Louisiana. On the contrary, Iwould
bo glad to see that interest protected. But tiles'
had what tliey considered reasonable protection
under the duty of three fourths of a cent at, the
beginning of the war, and surely 2 cents a pound
now will give them protection, notwithstanding
they are in a lnuch more embarrassed condition
than they were then.
It is, true, as tho getitlenian fro in Tennessee
[Mr. MaykAud] says, that tiie sugar interest
was very much broken doWn by tho operation,^
of the war and had to begin as it wCreanew, but
even beginning anew, they have already taken
a start, and it was thp nnderstandiugof the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means from a number of
persons connected with the sligar-growing in-
terest Of the country who were before them,
that they could get along for awhile if they had
a3 fmich protection as 2 cents a pound; that
they did not need, as they themselves seemed
to admit, a duty of 3 cents a pound for proper
protection. I want, therefore, for purposes of
revenue and for the purpose of favoring the
consumers of sugar, to go back upon the tarili'
as far as it is safe togobackndw, withoutcrush-
ing out this important interest iii the South. I
think we can go back as the first step from 3
cents to 2 cents a pouhd and yet not break
down that, interest or seriously embarrass it.
Mr. SIlELDON, ofLouisiaua. Letns down
lightly.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Well, I clo not think (hat
is too much of a tumble. The duty v,-as only
three quarters of a cent per pound in 18G1 when
tho war began. Wo still leave it, 1} cent per
pound more than the duty they had for their
protection at the beginning of the war if \> e go
back now to a duty of 2 cents a pound.
Mr. ALLISON obtained the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will '>:!}' frioml from Iowa
allow me to make some remarks in reply to
our colleague on (he Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Scuexck] on this subject "of the
present duty on sugar, or does lie propose to
address himself to that point?
Mr. ALLISON. I propose to address my-
self to another point. I will of course yield to
my friend and seek another opportunity.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have sought the floor
at this time to correct what I think is an erro-
neous impression on the jarfc of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means as to tho
state of the duty upon sugar at the commence-
ment of the wai. The duty of three quarters ol
a cent per pound was a specific duty imposed
under what was called '"the Morrill tariff."
The Mr rr!H tariff bears date, if my recollec-
tion servVS "favch 3, 18GL- It was passfid
