4SSB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
that it is not. Piaihly and indubitably it is
oppressive on the widowed mother, whose best
comfort is correspondence with her absent
child; it is oppressive on the child correspond-
ing with mother, sister, or brother; it is op-
pressive on all whose scanty means supply only
ilije necessaries of life. AH these are restrained
irrtbe gratification of those affections which con-
tribute so much to human solace and strength.
There is the poor pensioner with eight dol-
lars' a jttionth. She, too, has family and friends;
but the postal tax interferes to arrest the con-
genial intercourse. Every letter adds to the
burden she is obliged to bear. Her fingers
forget the pen and she finds herself alone. Nor
is this hardship peculiar to the poor pensioner.
An eminent citizen and valued friend, who has
given much attention to this subject, states
the case thus: " When one of my children is
absent I write a line every day. Suppose I
■was a poor widow, earning barely enough to
make the two ends meet, and had children in
the West, to each of whom I should want to
write at least once a week, making in all sev-
eral dollars a year, then the cost would be
oppressive." This simple illustration brings
home the operation of the postal tax now im-
posed by law, and shows how it troubles those
who most need the care and tenderness of the
world. The tax on letters is like the tax on
salt. If it must exist, it must be small—very
small.
There are some who think that no existing
institution is oppressive. According to them
slavery was notoppressive. In the same mood
the law of 1845, with its two rates of five cents
and ten cents, and then again the law of 1S55,
by which the rate of five cents was reduced to
three cents, were pronounced unnecessary. The
multifarious rates anterior to 1815 were not
oppressive, and in 1855 there was no call for
the reduction of the rate from five cents to
three cents. Such was the argument then,
precisely as now. So in the days of slavery it
was argued that the slaves did not desire free-
dom and that their condition wasnotoppressive.
The great reform of liowlaudlliU encountered
the same objection, liven Lord Asbburton,
while favoring a change, was content with two-
pence or threepence, and, in his testimony,
settled down .upon threepence as satisfactory.
He,shrank from the penny rate. This question
was treated with excellent sense by Mr. Jones
Loyd, the eminent banker and economist, after-
ward Lord Overstone, whose testimony bears
strongly on this very objection. After saying
"that the present rate of postage does in point
of fact produce a prohibition of the use of the
post office to all classes that may be considered
as below the higher classes," the attention of
the witness was called by the committee to the
allegation "that the laboring classes do not
feel the oppressive rate of postage." He re-
plied in words of wisdom worthy of memory
now, and completely applicable to the very
question now before the Senate :
" The habits of a people aro in n sreat doereo the
result of the laws under which the;/ live ; the high
charges of our post office have induced, among ail
but. the richer classes, a habit of abstain hig Jrom epis-
tolary communication, and it might take some time
to correct that habit. 33nt it appears to ine very
desirable that the impediment should be removed;
and I have no doubt that, in tho course of a shoit
as the poorer classes have the com mon a flections
ot the human breast, they would form a ta^to ior the
pleasures to be derived from intercourse with absent
incn<is and relations, it would bo very desirable,
ior the mora interests of the community, thatcveiy
facility should be afforded for that purpose.-Par-
liamentary Paper* Postaoe ItcpoH 1838; Evidence of
jS<ai\'iel Jones Loyd, xSo. 10363.
On the " oppression ofa tax,': where persons
do not use the article taxed, the intelligent
witness testified as follows :
"They may mi-t know tho loss they sustain; butthat
docs not alter tho fact that they do .sustain a very
groat loss ; and it would be highly criminal and ei ucl
voiunt.inly to inflietsucha, losyapon ;t person merely
npon the ground that he docs not know it. A child
that is boin blind docs not know the advantages of
sight; but still it won Id be a very extraoidinary thine
to inflict blindness upon a child, merely upon tho
grfrand that if you do it. in time he will not know
the loss he has sustained."—/Aid, No. lCBCi.
All this is plain and unanswerable. The
oppressiveness of a tax is not to be measured
by the insensibility of the people on whose
shoulders it is laid. It is a curiosity of despot-
ism that the people are too often unconscious
of their slavery as they are unconscious also of
bad laws. A wiseandjust Government measures
its duties, not by what the people bear without
a murmur, but by what is most for their wel-
fare, and it is to this criterion that I bring the
question of cheap postage. Say not, if you
please, that the people are indifferent and do
not ask for this reduction. Is it not for their
good? Is not the advantage so eminent and
unequivocal that the Government can no longer
hesitate, especially at this transitional moment,
when our country is passing from the Old to the
N ew, and the people more than ever are assured
in their rights ?
JUSTICE AND PRACTICABILITY OF OXE-CEXT POSTAGE.
After this exhibition of existing burdens, so
prejudicial to the correspondence of tho coun-
try, I return again to the main postulate of this
argument, that a uniform rate of one cent for
a letter of half an ounce is entirely reasonable,
and in a short time, with proper relief in other
directions, would render the post office self-
supporting. Here I introduce the testimony
ofa gentleman practically conversant with the
operations of our post office, who writes me as
follows;
"Taking tho weight of the letter mad matter and
the printed mail matter, and charging the expense
of transportation upon each pioportioncd to the
weight, and ono cent is all that would be relatively
chargeable upon each half ouneo of letter mail. I
speak from closo d.uly ob*oi vation in a large office
in a region that, is a large revenue-paying ono to the
Iiepartment on all mail matter.''
This testimony of an expert is only in harmony
with my own conclusion.
This injustice becomes more apparent when
we consider the disproportion between the cost
of other transportation and letter postage.
Take, for instance, the fare of a passenger 011 a
railway in comparison with that of a letter.
The average weight of passengers with their
baggage is supposed to be 230 pounds, which
is tho weight ot 7,360 hall-ounce letters, paying
at the present rate of three cents, $220 80,
irrespective of distance. Tho following table,
prepared some time ago shows the cost of other
transportation;
From Boston—
To New York 
To Philadelphia....
To Baltimore 
To Cincinnati 
To St. Louis 
To IVew Orleans... .
To Liverpool per
Cunard steamers
Mills
per
half oz.
$1
7
In
. 45
13 !
.«
1 :s
4.7
(i.l
16.3
Express
freight.
230
pounds.
$1 50
;i 50
5 30
10 SO
12 00
14 00
7 20
Mills
per
half oz.
.2
.5
.7
1.4
1.6
l.u
In other transportation there is a slight in-
erease in proportion to the distance; but it is
dillieuit to see on what principle a mail-bag
between Washington and New York should
pay more than a passenger; and the same diffi-
culty occurs when we consider ocean postage,
where the disproportion between postage and
other transportation is, pethaps, more con-
spicuous. Elihu Burritt, who has enforced
the importance of cheap rates on the ocean
with admirable comprehension of their import-
ance, has reminded us that the freight of a
bariel of flour, weighing two hundred pounds,
is about iitiy cents, while the charge'for the
same weightin half ounce letters, being twenty-
four hundred in number, at the rate of twenty-
four cents a letter, would be 110 less than $570,
and at. the rate of one cent would he twenty-
four dollars. Ihese instances show that let-
ters have been always overcharged, or charged
out. of proportion to their weight.
To my mind it is unjust that, the letter every-
where should contribute so largely to the trans-
portation and delivery of other mail matter while
in some parts of the country it contributes
besides to postal facilities elsewhere I think
that I do not err when I aver that even with 1 lie
latterburden the postofifice, if it, carried nothing
butletters, and every letter paid one cent, would
be self supporting. I put the case in this way
so as to exhibit the essential equity of the pro-
posed reduction, and, 1 would add, its entire
practicability. Although the post, office can-
not be relieved of the other mail matter, yet ihe
letters can be relieved of the burdensome con-
tribution to which they are now subjecfeJ.
One cent postage would give new operation to
the law, according to which reduction of price
tends to produce consumption, and there would
be anew impulsion to correspondence, by which
in a short time it would be doubled, tripled,
quadrupled, quintupled, and sextupled—nay,
in our growing country it would be multiplied
beyond calculation.
As to this increase, I have already shown
something of its progress in Great Britain,
beginning with one hundred and twenty-two
per cent, the first year of penny postage. Why
may not the same take place with us ? Accord-
ing lo the official table now on our desks the
smaller population of the United Kingdom sends
more letteis than ours, it would be difficult
to credit this result if the figures did not tell
the tale beyond correction. Here is the table:
United States,
ye<ir ending:
June 30,
1808.
United King-
dom, year
endincr J)ec.31,
1S67.
Population, (esli-
40,002,356
-188,000,000
12
$16,232,HS 10
40 cents.
39,305,284
774,831,000
26
$23,341,070
77 cents.
Number of letters
delivered, (esti-
mated; 
Number of letters to
Grot-s revenue 
Amount of revenue
to each person of
aggregate popula-
Testimony could notbe stronger. The smaller
population sends a larger sum total of letters,
making ol course a larger number for each per-
son, and yielding a larger gross revenue. 11 ia
humiliating to think that "the people of this
monarchy send at the rate of twenty-six letters
for eaeh person, while the citizens of our Re-
public send only at the rate of twelve for each
person. The inverse disproportion of letters
becomes the more remarkable when it is under-
stood lhat the proportion of people that can
read and wrile is greater among us than in the
United Kingdom, so that.ail other things being
equal the number of letters by each person
should be greater among us ; but we are obliged
to confront tho unquestionable fact that the
number is less. How is this? Why is this?
I know no way of accounting for it except 111
thediscouragingcostofcorrespondence. Here
1 find unquestionable reason to conclude that
we have nor, a proper rate of postage. Clearly
something is wanting. It is not, education;
for the_ people among us excel the British
people in this respect. I submit that, we want
nothing but, cheap postage, so that the people
finding their means in baitnony with the rates
shall be tempted to write letters. .So it was
in Liijgland ; and so it may be among us.
POSSIBLE LOSS OP EEVEXUE.
Here I am reminded of the possible loss of
revenue, and this is set up as an insuperable
barrier; but I confess that when I regard the
intimte good from this reform I am little con-
cerned by any such prospect. Better anv pos-
sible loss ol revenue than the postponement of
such a good, ^Nobody can say positively what
the loss will be. J t is only an estimate, or if you
please, a guess. Sonic may make it high, o< hers
low. According to the last report, ot the Post-
master General the actual deficiency, wi'th the
rate of three cents, was ljo,3o3,G2d, and Ihe
estimated deficiency for 1S70 is ip7.440,H3;
but in both eases the expenditures are swollen
