M2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
as long as they please, and upon such terms as
they are willing to accept. Thus only can we
avoid undermining national industry and pre-
serve habits of individual self-reliance. Thus
only shall we avoid an example which might
be fatally used to extend the hours of labor
wliere labor is yet weak in the power of self-
assertion as well as in the sagacity to discern
its personal and political rights. Thus only
shall we perpetuate the career of a great, in-
dustrious, and virtuous people.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I propose at
gome future time to notice a few of the positions
taken in the exhaustive and elaborate speech
of the Senator from Vermont. I desire now,
however, simply to say that at the last session
of Congress, in its closing hours, I pressed
action upon this joint resolution and mainly
and chiefly for this reason : we had passed the
eight-hour act in the summer of 1868, but the
construction that was put upon it by the Depart-
ments placed Congress, in my judgment, in a
false position. I desired to correct that and to
try this experiment fairly and honestly, and not
stand before the country, as we should by the
construction of the Departments, as simply dsm-
agoging upon the question. Wo failed to pass
the joint resolution at the last session, and the
President of the United States by his construc-
tion has, I think, relieved Congress, and I am
under the greatest obligation to him for it.
There is now no special hurry to act upon this
joint resolution, and I propose to let it pass
over, as we have some pressing questions, and
take it up at some future time and consider the
measure itself and the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed with a
view to taking up the bill regulating the juris-
diction of the courts of the United States.
Mr. TRURMAN. 1 move that the Senate
adjourn.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. As soon as the
title of the bill is read the Chair will put the
question on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio. The title of the bill proposed to be taken
up will be read.
The Secretary. A bill (S. No. 280) in rela-
tion to the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court of the United States in certain eases.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio desire a vote on his motion to
adjourn?
Mr. CONKLINCr. I ask the Senator from
Ohio to yield a moment while I inquire of the
Chair what is the situation or the fate of the
resolution in reference to Cuba. How does it
stand?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It goes over as
other resolutions which have not. been acted
upon finally. It was only taken up informally.
Mr. SUMNER. It is on the Calendar, to
be reached by motion at any time.
Mr. RAMSEY. I appeal to the Senator from
Ohio to allow us to have an executive session.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio consent to waive his motion
until the Vote can be taken on the motion of the
Senator from Illinois to replace the bill which
has lost its place?
Mr. THORMAN. No, sir; that is exactly
what I do not want. Ichange my motion, how-
ever, at the suggestion oftheSenator from Min-
nesota, and move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall not go
into executive session until we take up this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The question being put, a division was called
for : and (he ayes were 23 and the noes 23.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The Chair votes
in the negative, and the motion of the Senator
from Ohio is not agreed to. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois,
that the pending order be postponed for the
purpose of proceeding to the consideration of
the bill the title of which has been reported by
the Secretary.
Mr. CASSERLY. I rise for information;
merelv to ask what is the pending order?
The" VICE PRESIDENT. Thependingorder
is the joint resolution in regard to the eight-hour
law.
Mr. CASSERLY. I feel some interest m
that question, and I desire to know what be-
comes of it provided the motion of the Senator-
from Illinois prevails?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will then go
on the Calendar. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts has announced his desire to speak on
it at some future time, but has given way to
the Senator from Illinois, who has made the
motion which is now before the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. Does this action indefi-
nitely dispose of that joint resolution in that
way ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not indefinitely.
It returns again to the Calendar, but- it will
require a vote of the Senate to take it up at
any future time.
Mr. CASSERLY. I regard that as a very
objectionable course to be taken in regard to
that measure, which I deem one of consider-
able interest and importance. I regret that it
seems difficult to ascertain what definite dispo-
sition will be made of that measure if the mo-
tion of the Senator from Illinois shall prevail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
posed that he answered definitely. The Chair
will again state that it will go upon the Calendar
to be reached in its order on the Calendar, or
before reached in its order it can come up by
a vote of the Senate to take it up.
Mr. CASSERLY. Does it become unfinished
business on the Calendar?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. WILSON. I propose at some future day,
and an early one, to move to take it up for con-
sideration.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will state that I spoke
to the Senator from Massachusetts in his seat
about this measure, and I understood from him
that he intended to reply to-morrow to the Sen-
ator from Vermont. But, sir, having stated my
views as to the importance of this measure, I
shall take no course about it now. I simply
remark at this time that I shall probably have
something to say about it hereafter when it
comes up; but if it is to go over as general un-
finished business to take its place on the Cal-
endar it will be quite a matter of uncertainty
when it will be taken up, and pretty nearly cer-
tain that it cannot be reached before the holi-
days.
Mr. STEWART. Inasmuch a9 this is a
question with regard to the order of business
1 may be pardoned for alluding to another
measure which has not been mentioned. It
seems to me there is in the hands of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] a meas-
ure of very great importance; I refer to the
bill with regard to Georgia. The Committee
on the Judiciary through that Senator have
made a report on that subject, and I for one
am very anxious that it should be considered
at an early day. It seemsto me that we ought
to dispose of it before the holidays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Nevada will not interpose another special mat-
ter now. Both the measure to which he refers
and that which I have moved to take up come
from the Judiciary Committee. We have got
to take one at a time.
Mr. STEWART. I am aware of that.
Mr. STOCKTON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say that my
only object is now to get up this bill 
["Order!'' "Order!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable. The Senator from New Jersey
moves that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question,
recurs on the motion of the Senator from;
Illinois, that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill (8. No. 280) in relation to
the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court
of the United States in certain eases. _
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-five,
noes not counted.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business.
After some time spent in executive session,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 15, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Botler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
alaska.
Mr. FERRISS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted tho following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tlie Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to furnish to this House a copy of the
report of H. H. Mclntyre, special agent of the Treas-
uryDepartment.to establish customs posts in Alasna,
and report on the resources of that territory.
TUB LATE GEOltGE PEABODY.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to pre-
sent a joint resolution providing for an appro-
priate tribute on the part of the United States
to the memory of the late George Peabodyr
which I ask to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas in the death of George Peabody, anative
of the United States and late a resident of England,
our country and the world have sustained an irre-
trievable loss; andwhereas. the queen of Great Brit-
ain, the authorities of London, and thc_ emperor of
France have made extraordinary provision for the
transfer of his remains to his native land:
Be it therefore resolved by the Senate and House of
Representatives in Congress assembled, That the Presi-
dent of the United States be authorized to order as
many ships of the line as may be convenient and
adequate to the .occasion, to meet at sea the Euro-
Eean convoy and conduct it to these shores; and that
e be authorized to make such other preparation for
the reception of the body ot our distinguished philan-
thopist as is merited by his glorious deeds, and in
a manner commensurate with the justice, magna-
nimity, and dignity of a great people.
Resolved, That the expenses incurred by such cere-
monial as the President may adopt in the premises
shall be paid by any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I do not pro-
pose that action shall be taken on the joint
resolution at the present time; but, sir, I deem
it eminently proper as a tribute to a great
American character, and I am a little sur-
prised that such a resolution has not been
offered by some other gentleman on the floor.
I propose, under the impression that many
here may desire to express their sentiments on
the subject of this resolution, to call it up for
adoption on Saturday or Monday morningnext.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Let it be
on Monday.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Monday is sug-
gested. I therefore give notice that by unan-
imous consent, which I hope I shall obtain, I
shall bring up the resolution for adoption on
Monday.
The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman from Ken-
tucky asks leave to present the resolution after
the expiration of the morning hour on Monday.
The Chair hears no objection, and liberty is
granted.
the late alfred caldwell.
Mr. DUVAL. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Whereas the executor of Alfred Caldwell, deceased,
late consul at Honolulu, claims that in settling the
accounts of snid consul the accountingofficers in the
Treasury Department have done his estate great
