1870.
THE CONGKESSIOKM/ GLOBE;
3353
subject to the committees of both Houses of
Congress. TLe Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate has had it under consider-
ation, and has directed me to report according
to the recommendation of the Secretary of
State, and it is to the effect of supplying our
aeent or commissioner there, who gives his
own labor gratuitously, with about twelve or
thirteen thousand dollars which is to be ap-
plied to the purposes of this exhibition. Now,
it seems that on closing the accounts of the
great Paris exhibition it was found that there
is a surplus just to this amount. !
Mr. SHERMAN. How much ? ;
Mr. SUMNER. Of twelve or thirteen thou- j
fand dollars j that is all.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not appropriate that J
amount?
Mr. SUMNEIl. Then you leave the other i
balance to the credit of the Paris Exposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. That goes to the surplus
fund by an amendment we adopted yesterday,
as do all these balances at the end of the fiscal
year.
Mr. SUMNER. It seemed to me that the ;
course proposed was simpler and more original.
The exhibition in London is, if I may say so,
a child of the larger exhibition in Paris. It is :
conceived in the same interest, and our people,
who gained so much at the Paris exhibition,
have certainly a strong interest in having all
reasonable facilities at the coming London ex-
hibition. The proposed appropriation is very
small. Everybody will seethat it is very small,
almost trivial.
Mr. CONKLING. For what purpose is it
to be applied ?
Mr. SUMNER. It is to employ agents on
the spot, who shall receive the goods and who
shall aid American exhibitors and who shall
protect their interests. The commissioner
says:
" The condition-precedent to the admission of for-
eign products is' thatthey shall obtain certificates of,
admission from their respective Governments.
That necessitates the presence of an Amer-
ican agent or commissioner, and the Secretary
of State has already designated for that pur-
pose the gentleman who performed that duty i
so acceptably at Paris. The commissioner
tart her says:
"To comply with this rttle, and enablothe citizens
of the United States to participate in the proposed [
exhibition, tho products of applicants must be exam- j
ined and certified by competent judges. j
"This service, I hayeilo doubt, will be performed
in s. judicious and satisfactory manner gratuitously;,
but there will be some expenses attending the Work,
for which provision is requisite."
Now, in reply to the Senator from New York,
I have here tlie items:
Estimate.
1. Printing And advertising to give suitable
publicity    ........  §1,000
1 Office rentforeorrespondence andproceed-
ings of commission  2,500
3. Stationery, blanks, postage, cab hire, and
office expenses    1,500
4. Warehouse rooms for the examination of
products.andlabor.unpacking and pack-
ing, receipt and delivering. &e 
5. Clerk hire, porter, and assistance in the'
office     
6. Reporter to join in the English reports, as
proposed by the English commission, to
report separately on the exhibition, aa
the Government may direct.   3,000
Total :   813,000
2,600 i
, 3,000
It so happens that this sum proposed by the
commissioner as needed in London represents
just about the balance which remains of the
money appropriated to the Paris exhibition.
It seemed, therefore, on the whole, most con-
venient that Congress should simply authorize
the application of that unexpended balance to
this purpose. I hope under the circumstances
the Senate will allow this amendment to pass
as it is.
Mr. THAYER. I should like to ask my
friend from Massachusetts and those who are
in favor of this amendment, and who opposed
the making of an appropriation for art exhibi-
tion in this city, if they would object to trans-
ferring this unexpended balance so that it
could be used in favor of an exhibition here at
home, in Washington?
Mr. SUMNER. I cannot answer for others.
My present motion is that it be applied to the
exhibition at London, for the benefit of our
own citizens.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the'Senator from
Massachusetts will allow1 me, I should like to
ask him before he1 Rita down how much was
appropriated for the Paris exhibition in all?
Mr. SUMNER. About two hundred thou-
sand dollars. The Senator remembers the
scale on which that exhibition was held, and
the number of agents and commissioners ap-
pointed by the United States, half of whom
received salaries from the Government; that
they had associated with them other commis-
sioners from different States, and then still
further that they were obliged to pay for the
room they occupied at the exhibition; they
were obliged to put it in order, to furnish it, to
equip it. On this occasion there is? nothing of
the kind. This exhibition, while it is to be of
considerable importance to our people, is to be
comparatively inexpensive. The exhibition
will apply especially to the fine arts, scientific
inventions, new discoveries of all kinds, man-
ufactures, (Including pottery, wool and worsted
fabrics,) educational improvements, (includ-
ing school-buildings, maps, globes, appliances
for physical training,) and there will also be an
exhibition in horticulture associated with; it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think I am not mis-
taken when I say that at the time the first
proposition was made to appropriate money
tor the Paris Exposition it embraced a very
small amount of money. Certain Senators
objected to that appropriation on the ground
that it would open the door for a very large
expenditure of money before the Paris Expo-
sition was completed. Answer was made that
such would not be thte result. It turnfed out
that those predictions were correct, and that
the Paris Exposition did coBtthis country some
two or three hundred thousand dollars, as was
predicted when the first proposition to appro-
priate $50,000 was made. Now, I desire to
know if this small appropriation of fifteen or
twenty thousand dollars for this London expo-
sition ia to open the door for another expendi-
ture of two or three hundred thousand dollars
before we conclude legislation in this matter.
Mr. SUMNER. I answer my- friend most
sincerely, according'to my knowledge and con-
viction, it is not. I stated a moment ago that
this whole exhibition is conceived on a differ-
ent scale of expense and also of extent from
that of Paris; and my own conviction is that
the present appropriation ia all that it will re-
quire on our part. If there is anything beyond
1 have no information with regard to iti
Then, on the subject of the Paris Exposition,
I am not sure that that appropriation even bow
can be open to criticism when we consider its
amount, as stated by the Senator, and consider
tbe result.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask, if
the Senator will allow me, about the result.
Mr. SUMNER. Cerfeinly; -
Mr. CONKLING; Does the Senator know
any American acquainted with the exhibition
made at the Paris Exposition who is proud of
the appearance of our country there ^
Mr. SUMNER. l am very glad the Seaator
from New York puts tbe th&tquestion, because
I happen to have in: fny batid an article, cer-
tainly by a very competent pers6n, being Pres-
ident Barnard—Frederick A. ;P. Barnard1—'
United States commissioner to the Paris Uni-
versal Expedition, which is published in the
American Journal of Science and Arts for
March of this year; where he .answers the very
inquiry of the Senator. This'iS hot my'answer,
but it is that of President Barnard, Who was
present, and I will *e£d a very' brief passage :
" The United' States was not largely represented
as respects numbers in its own Section of the EipoA
sition. ■ The eoontxy was too much ocoupied with
new
w.
ew and exttMiriiuary domestic questions j industry
aa unsettled ianjaay respects; the subjecthadnot
attracted the earliest attention, and tho field was
very distant. Yet our national exhibit, although
not extended in scale, was excelled in quality only
by France itself, and that in no very considerable
degree, while the percentago of awards relative to
the number of exhibitors was double the corre-
sponding percentage for England and h«r colonies."
I think this is an answer to the inquiry of
my friend.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, if there is anything left of that Paris
Exposition fund, I say let us save it in the
Treasury. I am not a very ardent admirer
of the exhibit we made there. Whenever we
do make an exhibit of the industry of the
country I want it to be upon a national scale,
and one that we can be proud of. This is a
sort of back-door exhibition on the part of
England herself; and when we made so poor
a show at one of the grandest world's exposi-
tions ever yet seen, I think so recently there-
after, whether England invites us, Or Russia,
| or any other of the European Powers, We had
better remain modest and quiet for a little
time until we are ready. I hope this amend-
ment will not be adopted. If there is a single
dollar left of the money we appropriated for
the Paris Exposition I desire to save it.
Mr. SUMNER. It is evident that my friend
did not listen to the testimony which I read
from President Barnard.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I not only
listened to it, but I have read it, and I was
there and saw the Exposition, and I know
more about it than I choose to tell.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator putB his tes-
timony against that of the commissioner?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have turned to the
official report of the balances of appropriations
unexpended. The Senator from Massachusetts
is mistaken somewhat as to the amount, but
i not very materially. The amount unexpended
! on the 30th of June last was $18,244 40. Con-
i sequently the amount to be transferred to this
i new exposition will be $18,000 and over.
! Mr. SUMNER. There have been some ex-
i penditures for printing since, by which it is
reduced to about thirteen thousand dollars.
So I have been told.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care about that.
I want to call attention to these figures again,
as they affect a subject we had up last night.
The State Department estimated that of the
whole $18,244 46 every cent of it was neces-
sary to close the expenses of the Paris Expo-
sition. The law requires the heads of Depart-
ments first to give a statement of the balances
unexpended, ^nd n.ext the amount of those bal-
apces that will be required for the expenditures
of the next fiscal year. Strange as it may seeaa,(
although there was a balance to .the credit of
the State Department under various heads, of
appropriation of $1,063,.460 41, pvery dollar
of it was estimated as being necessary for the
expenses of the next fiscal year, and not one
dollar was carried tp the surplus fund. ,
It seems to me that we ought to stand by tbe
proposition we adopted last nightj to>carry all
these balances over to the surplus ftiqd 5 and
then if appropriations are peeded make them
out of new money in the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States. Tbe example now about to be set
by tb$ Senator from Massachusetts shows the
facility with which these transfers can be made
and the danger that is constantly pressing upon
us, because the same plausible proposition
might be made to carry over a million dollars
to the State Department alone to the service
of other purposes than those for which the
money was appropriated.
I do not mean to express any opinion in
regard to tbe necessity of paying any more
money on account of the Paris Exposition. I
am. one of thoee who think expositions are
very useful, and I think our own exhibition at
Paris probably resulted to the people of tbia
country in the saving of • much 'more money
than the whole'cost of the Paris Exposition-
In Rome, heads or branches we certamly did
