1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4297
by illegitimate and extrinsic charges on the
post office properly belonging to the Treasury,
i'or 1871, with the rate at three cents, the esti-
mated expenditures, swollen by the illegitimate
and extrinsic charges, are $25,581,093, with
receipts, $20,178,9B1, leaving a deficiency of
$j,402.132.
Making the estimate for 1871 with the rate
of one cent., and assuming an increase in cor*
respondence at only one hundred per cent.,
there would be a deficiency of $12,128,452,
irom which should be deducted the illegitimate
and extrinsic charges properly belonging to the
.treasury. Considering these for one moment,
yon will gee how small the deficiency will be-
and here 1 follow the last report of the Post-
master General, who does not hesitate to esti-
mate the proportion of free matter in the mails
at twenty-live per cent, of the whole, so that,
according to him, " it will appear that the Gov-
eriimentis bound in honor and justice to appro-
priate $5,000,000." But with the abolition of
the frank'ing system, all this postal matter will
pay the ordinary rate, and thus contribute to
the postal service. Deduct also another sum
for the expenditures of outlying routes, justly
chargeable upon the Treasury, like the existing
franking system.
Such is the whole case as to any possible
loss of revenue, which I state with entire
frankness; but I cannot doubt that a short
period would witness a change, while the peo-
ple entered into the enjoyment of their great
possession. Letters would daily multiply and
the revenue would bear witness to the increase.
POST OFFICE NOT A TAXING-MACHINE, BUT A BENEFI-
CENT AGENCY.
Only in obedience to traditional usage have
I dwelt thus long on the financial aspect of this
question, which to my mind is the least im-
portant of all. Not to make money, but to
promote the welfare of the people and to in-
crease the sum of human happiness—such is
the object I would propose, and here I ask no
such question as, " Will it pay? " It may not
pay in revenue at once, but it will pay in what
is above price. Unhappily the post office,
whether at home or abroad, has been from the
beginning little more than a taxing-machine,,
a contrivance to raise money, or a'• milch
cow" with fruitful dugs. In England it was
at times farmed out to a speculator, and then
again it, was charged with the supportof a royal
mistress or favorite. For its profits only was
it regarded, and not for its agency in the con-
cerns of life. In this respect it was not unlike
the Government, which was simply a usurpation
for the benefit of the few. All this is now
changed, at least among us, and government
is the creation of the people for their good.
The post office should share this transforma-
tion. Instead of a mere taxing-machine, or
contrivance to raise money, or ■' milch cow"
with fruitful dugs, it should be ail omnipresent,
beneficent minister, reaching its multitudinous
hands with help and comfort into all the homes
of our wide-spread land. Such it is already
in Fingland to the infinite joy of all. But the
omnipresent, beneficent minister belongs to a
republic more than to a monarchy. Cheap
postage is a republican institution. If Eng-
land has anticipated us we may at least profit
by her example.
It is because Senators see the post office
only in its least elevated, not to say its most
vulgar character, that there is any hesitation.
Contemplate for one moment, if you please,
its great and beautiful office. It is the uni-
versal messenger of a people, bearing tidings
of all kind, whether of business, hope, affection,
chanty, joy or sorrow, and articulating them
throughout the land. There is nothing that
man can do, drsne, or feel, which is not con-
tained m the various and abounding errand.
The letters of a single day are the epitome, of
life, and this service is unceasing. Every day this
messenger flies over the land from city to city,
from town to town, from village to village, from
house to house, leaving everywhere the wel-
come token. Such a messenger is more than
a winged Mercury, with sandaled feet and
purse in^ hand, whose special care was cotn-
meice; it is an angel in reality as in name.
In the ancient Greek, from which the word is
derived, an angel was a messenger ; and is not
the office of our messenger angelic ? But by
what rule or reason can you tax such a mes-
senger in his great, and beautiful office?
A letter is simply conversation in writing,
and, therefore, by strictness of logic, the tax
you impose is a tax on conversation. Reflect,
it you please, on the part performed by con-
versation in the education of men and in the
economies ot life ; and here I give you testi-
mony. Once at Mr. Webster's table! heard the
question discussed, "From what do men derive
most of what they know?" The scholars about
him answered, one naming " our mothers,"
another "schools," another "books," another
"newspapers," when the host, who had lis-
tened to each, remarked, very gravely, "You
forget conversation, from which, in my judg-
ment, we derive ihe larger part of what we
know." Who shall say that Mr. Webster was
not right? It is clear that conversation is a
wonderful educator and aconstantservant. But
conversation in writing, no matter on what sub-
ject, whether of business or of the heart, is now
subject to an unrelenting tax, so that persons
conversing by letter must pay not only the cost
ol the intermediary in their own case, but must
contribute to the expense of other conversa-
tions elsewhere.
THAT THE POST OFFICE MUST SUPPORT ITSELF A
FALLACY.
Custom makes us insensible to folly and even
to injustice. Tims the tax on letters has gamed
an undeserved immunity, which is augmented
by a prevailing notion, sometimes supposed to
find authority even in the Constitution, that
the post office must support itself. Whether
regarded as rule or maxim or provision of
the Constitution, it is without foundation, and
sooner or later will be classed with those " vulgar
errors," which are as disturbing in government
as in science. There is nothing in the Consti-
tution or in reason to distinguish the post office
in this respect from the Army, the Navy, or
the Judiciary. The Constitution confers upon
Congress the power " to establish post offices
and post roads," precisely as it confers upon
Congress the power "to raise and support
armies"—the power "to provide and main-
tain navies," and the power to "constitute tri-
bunals inferior to the Supreme Court," and
in each of these cases, it is empowered "to
make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper tor carrying into execution ihe forego-
ing powers." Nobody suggests that now in
peace our armies shall amplify their commis-
sariat by enforced contributions ; that our Navy
shall redouble iis economies by supplementary
piracy; or that our tribunals inferior to the
Supieme Court shall eke out a salary by requi-
sitions on the suitors—to the end that each of
these Departments may be in some measure
"self-supporting." Why, then, should the
post office be subjected to a different rule?
Not surely because it is less beneficent ; not
because it is the youngest child of Government,
a very Benjamin, coming into being long after
the others. But, such is the case. The rule
for the others is discarded when we come lo
the post office, and here for the first time we
hear that a Department of Government must
be "self-supporting."
As there is no ground in the Constitution for
this pretension, so is there none in reason.
Of all existing Departments the post office is
most entitled to consideration, for it is most
universal in its beneficence. 'That public wel-
fare winch is the declared object of all the De-
partments appears here in its most attractive
form. There is nothing which is not helped
by the post office. Is business in question?
The post office is at hand with invaluable aid,
quickening and multiplying all its activities,
is it charity ? The post office is the good
Samaritan, omnipresent on all the highways
of the land.^ Is it the precious intercourse of
family or friends? The post office is carrier,
interpreter, and handmaid. Is it education ?
I he post office is schoolmaster, with school for
all and tvit.h scholars counted by the million,
is it the service of Government? The post
office lends itself so completely to this essent i.il
work, that the national will is conveyed with-
out noise or effort to the most remote corners,
and the Republic becomes one and indivisible.
Without the post office where would be that
national unity with irresistible guarantee of
liqual Rights to all, which is now the glory of
the Republic? Impossible—absolutely impos-
sible. Therefore, in the name of all these, do
I insist that now, in these days of equality, the
post office shall be admitted to equality with
all other departments of Government, so that
it may discharge its own peculiar and many-
Sided duties, without being compelled to find in
itself the means of support. It has enough to
do without taking thought of the morrow. On
every side and in every direction it is the be-
neficent helper. To the Army it is a staff; to
the .Navy it is a tender j to the Treasury it is a
support; to the Judiciary it is a police ; to Pres-
ident. and Congress it is an adjunct, and to all
else, public or private, whatever the interest,
aspiration, or sentiment, it is an incomparable
ally. Better than two blades of grass are two
letters where only one grew before, and when
the precious product is measured by millions,
you see the vastness of the beneficence.
OUR POST OFFICE MUST BE THE BEST IN THE WORLD—
PRESENT DUTY.
Such is the post office, and nothing is clearer
than that here in the United States it should
be of the highest type. Ours should be the
best in the world—not second to any. So long
as slave-masters bore sway this could not, be,
for they Set their faces against this minister of
civilization. One of the first legislative acts of
the rebel government at Montgomery was to
raise the rates. But this hostile obstruction
is now overcome, and we are at last free to
act for the good of all. It is for the welfare of
the people that our Republic is founded, and,
therefore, it should omit nothing by which their
condition is improved and elevated. Other
Governments may seek to augment the rev-
enue. Our aim should be to augment the sum
of human happiness, making it the crown of
our whole people; and just in proportion as we
fail in this duty is the Republic a failure. But
the best post office is where letters at the small-
est charge are faithfully carried to every door,
thus combining cheapness and efficiency. That
ours may fulfill this condition, there must be a
change.
Our duty is simple. It is to relieve the post
office of present burdens, including especially
the franking system and the expense of unpro-
ductive routes, wildcat the same time weestab-
lisii a uniform rate of one cent. To these car-
dinal objects may be added others named in
the bill introduced by me, especially the re-
quirement of payment always by stamps, so as
to simplify the accounts and to make pecula-
tion impossible; but the fundamental change
is in the rate of postage.
Could my desires prevail the post office
should bo like the Common School, open to
all, with this only condition, that the rate
should_ ho sufficient to guard against abuse.
But this is accomplished by that now propo'sed.
Let the uniform rate be one cent and you
will witness a transformation. The power to
frank, which is now confined to a few, will
practically belong to all, and letters will be
multiplied in proportion—opening to the peo-
ple an inexhaustible source of all good influ-
ences, whether of education, wealth, virtue, or
happiness, while the Republic rises in the s< ale
of civilization. Such a rate will be better than
a mine of gold in every State ; better than a,
band of iron for the Union; better than a fort-
ress loweringon uncounted hill-tops ; for it will
be an angelic power.
