1&70,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1465
out partisanship. But if this House shall
adopt the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [ Mr. Mayxard.] it seems to me
that they will place themselves at once in a
partisan attitude. I have often voted here for
the pardon of men whom I knew to be directly
opposed to me in my political sentiments. I
did so cheerfully, because they sought forgive-
ness: they had been guilty of rebellion, but
had repented, and should, as I thought, be par-
doned and received back again.
1 iiope this House will not adopt the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Mayxard.] I also know Mr. Neil S. Brown ;
1 knew him years ago; and up to the time
of the breaking out of the rebellion, to my
knowledge, he never was a Democrat, but
was a Whig, and resisted secession, so far as
1 was able to learn. He was a member of
the recent constitutional convention of Ten-
nessee, and there voted in favor ot incorpor-
ating in the constitution of the State of Ten-
nessee a provision in favor of suffrage for the
negro. I think there is far more bitterness on
she part of others in Tennessee than on the
part of this man, Mr. Brown. I hope this
House will not remove itself from the high
position of forgiving those people by adopt-
ing the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee. I am sorry that the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Buti.er] has seen fit to
allow the amendment to be offered ; for when
he asks us on this side to vote for this bill, he
ought surely to relieve us from any such per-
secution of men who have heretofore com-
manded our respect. But I trust the House
will have the good sense not to adopt the
amendment, for I am sure it would be doing
gross injustice to the men named in it.
Mr. MAYNARD. A word in reply to what
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] has said. I have felt no bitterness againat
the men named in my amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. The motion the gentleman
has made is evidence enough of bitterness.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have stated the facts
upon which I asked the House to strike out the
the names of the prominent persons embraced
in my amendment. I am for extending the
clemency of this Government toward all the
smaller offenders in preference to the larger
offenders, especially when the larger ones do not
come forward here in the attitude of applicants.
Mr. RANDALL. I know that gentlemen in
the southern States have very little kindness
toward one another.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
resume the floor, and call the previous question
on theamendmentof the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Whittemore.]
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the operation
thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The next question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Maynard, to strike out certain names.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 15, noes 92.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PORTER. I now move to amend the
bill by striking out the names of " A. H. H.
Stuart, R. T. Daniels, F. Manzy, Willis G.
Dance, R. S. Graves, James H. Cox, Asa
Rogers, and John A. Meredith," of the State
of Virginia.
The question was taken ; and the amendment
was not agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
he read a third time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be read a
third time.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I suppose I
have the right to call for the reading of the bill
in detail, but I will not do so.
The bill was read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the previous question on the passage of this
bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise
now to close the debate on this bill. I desire
to have the exact position of this bill under-
stood. In the first place, all the names in the
Senate bill were examined by the Senate com-
mittee and also by the Committee on Recon-
struction of this House. All the names em-
braced in the amendment of the House bill
have been carefully examined by the House
Committee on Reconstruction. We have had
a petition from each individual, signed by his
own hand, unless the signature was a forgery.
We have not allowed any man to pass our
committee unless he was recommended by
some responsible person who said that the
man was well disposed toward the Government
of the United States; and in every one of
these instances our clerk has filed, alphabet-
ically and in form for preservation, every
man's petition and every man's recommenda-
tion ; so that if hereafter any of these men
should undertake to say that we have recom-
mended relief in his case when he did not ask
to have his disabilities removed it will be
found that either his name has been forged or
he is a liar. [Laughter.] We want this fully
and distinctly understood, because I agree that
it would be a shameful thing for men, after
having their disabilities removed, to go out
and say that they had never asked it. Hence
our committee has acted very carefully in this
matter.
I trust that this bill will receive the two-
thirds vote necessary for its passage. As to a
few of the men embraced in it I might person-
ally be disposed to entertain some doubt; but
I think that in these cases the doubt should be
decided in favor of granting amnesty. In this
connection I wish to call attention to the argu-
ment made by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks.] He says that we have here* (
tofore been cruel, that we have heretofore ;
inflicted punishment, and that he hopes to see I
a more liberal policy adopted. He says that \
by our power and our arms we have spread the
glory and dominion of this country from ocean
to ocean ; and in this I agree. But as to the
question whether we have been cruel, I ask
whom have we put on trial for treason; whom
have we convicted and punished for that crime
since the surrender at Appomattox? Whom
have we imprisoned for treason, whose prop-
erty have we confiscated for treason since the
day when the war in form, if not in fact, ceased? j
Who has been denied-any of the rights or priv-
ileges under this Government which he had
forfeited by his treason except simply the
opportunity to vote and act for the destruction
of the Government he had once attempted to
overthrow by armed rebellion ?
The Republican party, carrying on the Gov-
ernment through the war and since the war,
have acted toward these men with a magna-
nimity never known in the history of the world.
We have been guided simply by this proposi-
tion : nothing for punishment, everything for
safety. Just so fast as we could ascertain it
to be safe, and 1 am afraid a little faster, we
have removed disabilities and restored polit-
ical power. I for one propose to go on, and I
have no doubt the majority of this House will 1
go with me in that exact path, healing wounds, j
wiping out the bitterness of the war, removing j
disabilities, giving political power so soon as j
we may be convinced that it is safe for us to
do so ; safe to the country, safe to our friends ;
in the South, white and black, so that peace j
and tranquillity may reign there. Let me hear I
it proclaimed in all the States of the South
that every man there can express his senti-
ments in a proper manner upon any subject
without molestation ; let it be shown that every
man can vote as he pleases without restraint
or intimidation ; let it be shown that any man
! or woman can teach there such doctrines as
he or she pleases without let or hinderance ; let
it be shown that murder or other crimes com-
mitted for political reasons are everywhere
punished, that the community does not protect
the criminal; and in that hour I will vote for
general amnesty without any conditions. It
j shall flow freely, "without money and without
price," withoutlet or hinderance. There shall
be no more thought of any man's inglorious
past, but only anticipations of the glorious
future.
But, sir, that time has not quite come, in my
opinion, and in the opinion of the better men
of the South—in the opinion, as I am told, of
the very men whom we now propose to relieve
from their disabilities. They all profess, and
their friends profess for them, that they desire
the coming of the time of which I speak ; and
therefore I have agreed to press at this time
the passage of this bill. At the earliest pos-
sible moment, whenever the appropriation bills
shall be out of the way, I propose to ask the
House to pass a general bill, providing that a
man shall only be required to say what he baa
done and what are the disabilities which need to
be removed, and that upon the facts being
made apparent he shall be relieved. Such a
bill is now upon the files of the House ready
for action.
And now, sir, I desire, before I close, to
yield some time to gentlemen who have asked
me to do so in order to express their views on
this bill. I yield first to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Stokes.]
Mr. STOKES. Mr. Speaker, it is perhaps
proper that I should make a statement in regard
to some of the names which appear in this bill.
It is well known to members upon this floor,
and it is well known from one end of my State
to the other, that ever since the ratification of
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States my position has been to
relieve every man who would file his petition
or even write a letter asking that his polit-
ical disabilities should be removed. I have
, been written to on the subject, and I have had
1 petitions sent to me on the subject; and in
every instance, sir, I have filed the letter or the
; petition with my indorsement in favor of the
relief being granted. In not one single in-
stance have I refused gentlemen on the other
side who have come to me with their letters
asking me to take charge of their petitions,
knowing and believing as I did that the peti-
tioners for relief were sincere. And, sir, I am
to-day willing to relieve every man who will
place on record here his petition to Congress
asking that it shall be done.
1 When gentlemen talk about these bills for
the removal of political disability being "ped-
: died out" for partisan reasons I deny the
accusation so far as I am concerned. 1 have
j put in the names of distinguished and leading
Democrats who are my political enemies, and
j who have been my political enemies for a
lifetime. They were holding high positions, and
knowing that I was well acquainted with them
of course it was their duty to send their appli-
cations to me for the purpose of having their
political disabilities removed. They believed
it was their duty to do it, and they have sent
their petitions to me many times in preference
to sending them to the Representative of their
own district, but I have always consulted the
member representing the district and have ob-
tained his consent in every instance to the inser-
tion of the names in the bills for the removal
of political disabilities. One gentleman in my
own district, elected a few days ago as a cir-
cuit judge, sends here asking to have his poli t-
ical disabilities removed. He wasajudge there
I daring the rebellion. I have knotvn hlitt frdm
