5242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
B. Protest of the city of Santa Barbara against
said survey.
C. Traced copy of the original title papers found
in the Mexican archives under my charge.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
«L. UPSON,
United States Surveyot Genet ah
Hon. JOSEPH S. Wilson, Commissioner GrneralLand
Office, Washington, J). (J.
This extraordinary survey was on the 23d of April
last returned by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to the present United States surveyor
general of California, with instructions to make, at
the expense of the parties interested, such a survey
as in his opinion conforms to the requirements of
said act, and which he can approve; directing him,
after the usual notice, to make his return of the same
with his opinion, referring hi in at the same time to a
decision of the Secretary of the Interior made in "De-
cember last, to the effect that when a Mexican coloni-
zation grant is confirmed without measurement of
boundaries, or of distinctspecification of the quantity
confirmed, either in the statute or in the report upon
which confirmation was made, no greater quantity
than eleven square leagues to each claimant shall be
surveyed and set off; and thegrant and allthedocu-
ments accompanying it are atpresentin thcoffice of
that functionary tor such action as he may find him-
self able to take in the premises under the instruc-
tions of the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
which remand thecase back to theposition it occupied
when Deputy Surveyor Thompson reported the calls
so uncertain and vague that he found it difficult to
make asurvey. Such is the history of thisgrantsince
the passageof the confirmatory act of June 12, 1866.
The papers submitted to the examination of the
committee show that in 184-1, Jose Dominguez peti-
tioned the Mexican Governor, Don Juan B. Alvarado,
lor the place called Los Prietos y Najalayegua; t tat
his petition was suspended on account of the unset-
tled condition of the Government; the petitioner,
nevertheless, under a kind of pro vision altitlc, placing
his stock upon the land and using it, lor pasture;
that in 1845 he again petitioned the successor of
Alvarado for the same land; and his petition having
received favorable action on the part ol the prefect
«nd committee on vacant lands, as required by the
colonization law of the Mexican Government of the
13th August, 1324, and the regulations of 21st Novem-
ber, lo23, the then Governor, Pio Pico, on the 24th
September, 1S45, by virtue of the authority conferred
on him, and in the name ot the Mexican nation,
granted to Jose Dominguez the land petitioned for,
declaiiog unto him the ownership thereof, subject to
the most excellent departmental assembly, under
the following conditions, to wit:
1 lie may inclose it without prejudice to thecross-
ings roads, or servitudes; he shall enjoy it freely
and exclusively, devoting it to the use or cultiva-
tion that may be most, convenient, but within one
year shall build a house on the land, which shall be
inhabited.
2. fie shall solicit the respective judge to give him
juridical possession by virtue ol this title, by which
the boundaries shall be marked out, on the limits
of which shall bo placed the corresponding monu-
ments.
3. The land, of which donation is made, is strictly
what is shown by the map in (he respectivo wpecli-
ente. The judge who will give the po-session will
cause the same to bo measured in accordance with
the ordinances, and shall inform the Government as
to the number of square leagues in the same.
On the 17thof Api ll, 1856, Jose Dominguez executed
a deed to lomas C'evasco, conveying all his right,
title, and interest in and to said grant of Los Prietos
y Najalayegua for the paltry consideration of one
dollar; and on the 26th day of December following
Tomas Cevasco, for the like consideration of one
dollar, conveyed his interest m sud land to Felioo
Arellanes. who, on the 1st day of December, 1864, for
the consideration of $100, made a deed lor said tmct
to Charles E. Huse. On the 16t.ii day of March, 1865,
Iluse executed a conveyance tor thesameto Thomas
A. Scott, who appears by the records to have been
the claimant of the land at the date of the confirm-
atory act of June 12, 1866, so far as the deed of
Dominguez to Tomas Cevasco,of April 17,18)6,con-
veyed any title. The consideration paid by Scott to
Hii-se. as stated in the deed, was $>1,000. By deed
executed August 13,18*>7, Thomas A. Scott, for the
consideration of one dollar, releases and quit-claims
to Edward J. Pringle the undivided two third* part
of all his interest in said tract of land, referring to
theoriginal grant from Pio Pico to Jose Dominguez,
ami to the deed from (J. E. Iluse to Thomas A. Scott.
The abstract from the land lecurds of Santa Bar-
bara county examined by the committee was certified
on the 1st of June, 1869, and at that date Thomas
A.Scott, of Pennsylvania, and Edward J. Pringle,
of California, represented whatever interest was
acquired under the conveyance from Dominguez to
Cevasco and subsequent transfers. It appears, how-
ever, that the deed from Jos(5 Dominguez to Tomas
Cevasco, of April 17, 1856, was not the only convey-
ance, or attempted conveyance, of his right and title
to the lands granted to him by Pio Pico. Among
the abstracts of deeds is one from Franci.-co Vadillo
and wife to Richard Somerset, Den, dated March 16,
1857, conveying all their right and title to the land
known as Los Prietos for the consideration of $2,0UU.
The tract is stated to contain two square leagues of
lan«, more or less, and is represented as the same
land purchased by the grantors from Jose Domin-
guez by title dated at Santa Barbara October 8,1843,
and by thedoeument of juridical possession executed
on the 31st day ot January, 1840. This deed lias been
-ol record in Santa Barbara couniy ever since its
execution.
On the 3d day of September, 1864, Richard Somer-
set Den executed a mortgage on this land to John
Parrott, to secure the payment of a ccrtain note;
and on the 21st day of January, 1867, the sheriff of
Santa Barbara county, in pursuance of an order of
the court, sold the land to John S. Brown, describing
it as the tract of land known as Los Prietos, and as
being the same rancho granted to Jose Dominguez
by Governor Pio Pico on the 24th day of September,
1815.
All these conveyances, except the one of October
8,1845, said to have been made by Jose Dominguez
to Francisco Vadillo, arc certified by the recorder
of Santa Barbara county to be of record in his office.
It seems hardly probable that if no such convey-
ance had been made to Vadillo as is represented to
have been made by Dominguez on the 8th October,
1845, the recital in the deed of the former to IX. S.
Den would have so long remained unchallenged;
and so far as the committee has been able to ascer-
tain, no successful attempt has been made to dis-
pute it.
The motive for not putting it on record is suffi-
ciently apparent. The regulations of November 21,
1828, of the Mexican Government required tbe gov-
ernors of the departments in proceedings under the
colonization law to inquire into the fitness of the
petitioners, and they had authority to grant lands
only to those found to possess the requisite qualifi-
cations. The alcalde, in giving juridical possession
to the interested party, could recognize no one whose
fitness as a colonist had not been passed upon by the
governor. Besides, as Dominguez took the grant as
a gratuity, upon the condition of inhabitancy and
cultivation, he and his grantee had every reason to
suppose that a non-compliance on the part of the
former with the conditions specified would invalidate
the grant; and as a deed of conveyance would be
evidence of abandonment, and, if its existence were
known, would bar cither of the parties from obtain-
ing juridical possession, it was not the inteiest of
Vadillo to put it on record until the title of Domin-
guez was complete. The fact of such a conveyance
having been made would furnish a satisfactory ex-
planation for the merely nominal consideration
specified in Dominguez's subsequent conveyance to
Ccva?eo, as also in the deed made by the latter to
Arellanes.
More than a year had passed since the Supreme
Court, in the case of Fremont vs.The United States,
had decided that a failuro to comply with the con-
ditions subsequently annexed to a Mexican grant
was not nccc>?arily fatal to the validity of the claim,
and it is lurdly probable that if he had donono other
act to impair his rights under the grant from Pio
Pico we would find him in the spring of 1856 deed-
ing away a tract of land represented in the deed from
Vadillo to Den as embracing two squaie leagues,
or nearly nine thousand acres, for the nominal sum
of one dollar. But if he did in fact attempt to con-
vey his interest m the grant as stated, it follows that
the act either forfeited his claim entirely, under the
laws of Mexico, or, if such was not the ease, he at all
events tiansferred whatever equities he possessed to
Vadillo. In either case the grantee?, claiming under
ins second conveyance to Cevasco, have no title
worthy of confirmation, for the deed of 11. S. Den
wasonrecord more than seven years before tbecon-
veyanco to iluse, and the prior transfers to Cevasco
and Arellanes being for merely nominal considera-
tion, do not place the grantees m a position to claim
the premises against the superior equity of Vadillo
and his assigns.
It will be interesting now to inquire how a grant
of this character could receive confirmation from
Congress without any inquiry apparently having
been made as to the title of the claimant. By ex-
amining the Journal of the Senate for the 6th day
of March, 1S6G, it will be seen that Mr. Conness
asked,and by unanimous eonscnt obtained, leave to
bring in a bill (S. No. 1S9,> to confirm the grant of
certain lands to Jose Dominguez in California; that
he at the same time presented what purported to be
the memorial of Jos6 Dominguez, praying to be con-
firmed m the title granted to him by Governor Pio
Pico of the land known as Los Prietos y Najalaye-
gua, of the county of Santa Barbara, California;
that the bill and the memorial were referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims; that on the
15th of the same month the bill was reported with-
out amendment by Mr. Harris, chairmin of that
committee; and that on the 19th, on motion of Mr.
Conness, it passed the Senate.
That the character of this memorial may be fully
understood in the light of the accompanying facts,
it is here presented, as follows :
To the honorable the Senate
and House of Representatives:
Your petitioner, Jose Dominguez, most respect-
fully begs leave to represent that he is a native of
California; of the age of sixty-six years; that he is
a resident of Santa Barbara, in the State of Califor-
nia; that on the 24th day of September, 1845, a tract
of land was granted to him by the Governor of Cal-
ifornia, in accordance with the laws of the Govern-
ment of Mexico, then in force here, which grant
was duly approved by the departmental assembly of
California on the 3d day of June, A. D. 1846, as will
more fully appear by a traced copy of the same here-
unto annexed, which is made from the archives of
the Mexican Government, now uuder the charge of
the surveyor general of the United States for Cali-
fornia; that he was born upon said land, and has
always resided thereon with his family; that his
father and mother resided here for more than sixty
years up to the time of their death, leaving children,
grandchildren, and great-grandchildren, who still
reside here, and have no other home; that he did
not submit his grant to the land commissioners of
the United States appointed by act of Congress m
the year 1851, for the reason that he was not aware
of the existence of that commission, he being au
obscure and humble individual, and wholly ignorant
of theKnglish language; and it he had known of
its existence ho was too pour to pay the high fees
which were at. that time charged by attorneys in
California. lie confidently relied upon the title
given him by the Mexican Government as good and
valid, and was told it would be upheld by the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, made between, the United
States and Mexico; but he is informed that his title
ought to bo submitted to the authorities of the Uni-
ted States for recognition; whereupon your peti-
tioner prays that he may be allowed to prove up his
title before the proper courts of the United States,
or that such other action may be taken by the Uni-
ted States authorities as may be necessary and just
in the premises.
This document purports to be the memorial of
Jose Dominguez, and attempts to operate upon tho
sympathies of members of Congress by representing
the grant for which confirmation is asked as theonly
home of the memorialist s parents and all their de-
scendants, and that tho same has been occupied by
the family for more than sixty years. That these
statements are wholly false is abundantly proven by
the records of the couuty, by the proceedings to ob-
tain the grant from the Mexican Government, by
the affidavits of Jose Dominguez and othermcmbers
of the family, and by the positive declarations of
several hundred of the most respectable citizens of
Santa Barbara, as shown by their memorial on file
in the House of Representatives; and there is any
amount of corroborating evidence that neither Jose
Dominguez himself, nor cither of his parents, nor
any of their descendants, ever lived on said ranch,
nor within eight or ten miles of tho same. lie first
petitioned for the grant in 1841, under the coloniza-
tion laws of 1824 and the regulstions of 1828, the first
article of which limits the grants to be made to
vacant lands, and the governors of territories had no
authority for granting any other. The third article
requires these functionaries to obtain the necessary
information both as to the petitioner and the land's
petitioned for; and in obedience to this requirement
the prefect, in 1843, reported to the Governor that the
tract known as Los Prietos y Najalayegua did not
belong to any community or individual, and that it
was only# occupied by wild beasts. In his second
petition, in 1845, Dominguez represented to Pio Pico
that he had been in possession of the land withstoek
for three years, under a provisional title given him
by Alvarado.
Besides, the deeds from Dominguez to Cevasco,
from the latter to Arellanes, from Arellanes to Huse,
and from Iluse to Scott, as well as the deed from
Vadillo to Den, and the mortgage from Den to Par-
rott, each assuming to convey this same ranch, were
all of record in the recorder's office of Santa Barbara
county before this memorial was fabricated, and
some of them had been on record nearly ten years
before.
There can be but little doubt that it this claim had
been submitted to the commissioners appointed under
the act of Congress approved March 3, 1851, or to the
courts, it would have been rejected, as the grantee
has made no attempt to comply with the conditions
annexed to the grant; and although it may be ad-
mitted that such an omission is not necessarily fatal,
where the performance becomes impossible, or is
attended with special difficulty or clanger, j et in tho
present instance there is nothing to show that any
such difficulties existed; and Dominguez appears to
have assignedhis interest in thegrant almost as soon
as obtained. So far as appears he had made no
attempt to build a house on the land or to obtain
juridical possession of it; and consequently, at rho
time the memorial was presented to Coneress, tlie
lands therein referred to were, under the thirteenth
section of tho act of 1851, a part and parcel of the
public domain, and no such equities existed either
in Dominguez, or any of his grantees, as called for
the interposition of Congress.
On June 8,186'5, Senate bill No. 189 was reported to
the House, and Mr. Thayer, chairman of the Com-
mittee on Private Laud Claims sent to the Clerk's
desk and had read the following letter from Levi
Parsons, dated Washington, District of Columbia,
March9, 18C6, addressed to Hon. Ira Harris, chair-
man Senate Committee on Private Land Claims,
which, as it forms part of the history of this trans-
action, is presented in full:
Dear Sir: I beg to call your special attention to
Senatebill No. 189, and theaccompanying document.
I was in the county of Santa Barbara last Septem-
ber, and visited the rancho in question, as a matter
of curiosity, to see alarge grape vine growing on it*
said to be the second largest in the world. I meas-
ured it myself, and found it covered a superficial area
of over eight thousand feet. This single vine is about
the sole product of the entire ranch o, the lands being
very hilly and semi-mountainous m their character.
I found the mother of the petitioner and the entire
family of children, grandchildren, and great grand-
children, most of them living under this celebrated
vine, the sale of the grapes from it being about their
only support, last your the product of this single vine
being about six tons of grapes, as they told me. The
old lady died last fall upon tho property, at the aso
of one hundred and nine years, she and her husband
having lived undisturbed upon this properly lor up-
ward of sixty years. Tho vine was planted by tho
old lady some fifty years ago. 1 found tho family
very poor and enjoying the respect of all parties ia
the county. I visited the vine and family in com-
pany with Mr. Sparks, an American, who had lived
m the county since 1832. He verified the correctness
