154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
a letter from the Secretary of War, submitting
to the House a report from the commanding
officer at Camp Gaston, California, of the un-
provoked murder of an Indian of the Klamath
tribe by a white settler and the trouble occa-
sioned thereby with the tribes of the vicinity ;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
bridge across thetotomac.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting accounts of S. Seymour of expense
in making survey for a bridge across the Poto-
mac; which was referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
plymouth, massachusetts.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, submitting
the report of the chief of engineers upon the
public works and improvements in the harbor
of Plymouth, Massachusetts; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
calls foe information.
The SPEAKER. Certain resolutions have
recently passed the House calling upon sub-
ordinate officers of the Treasury Department
for information. Attention has been called to
that fact by the Secretary of the Treasury. It
has been customary for the House to call upon
the heads of the Departments, and not upon
the chiefs of bureaus.
ninth census.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
House now resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of House bill No. 424, to pro-
vide for taking the ninth census of the United
States, and to fix the number of the members
of the House of Representatives and to provide
for their future apportionment among the sev-
eral States.
The pending section was the following:
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That the Super-
intendent ofthe Census shall req uire and obtairrl'rom
every railroad corporation in the United States the
following facts, to exhibit the condition of such com-
pany on the 1st June, 1870, or at the date of the last
annual report maile since June 1, 1869, to wit: the
name of the corporation or company, with corporate
name of lines leased; the number of miles ofit3 roads
projected; the numbcrof miles completed; the num-
ber of miles leased; miles of double track exclusive
of sidings; capital stock allowed by the charter;
amount paid up; number of mail stations; highest
grade,including curvature, in each division operated;
total cost of track and equipment ot the road; cost of
grading and masonry, including engineering; exhib-
iting separately cost of bridges, of stations, build-
ings, fixtures, of land and land damages, of iron rails,
of sleepers, of fences, of locomotives, of passenger
and baggage cars, of freight cars, and cost of purchase
of other lines and of telegraphs. Also, total amount
of debt; also, acres of land held, exclusive of that
used for stations, buildings, wharves, and tracks.
Also, amount of rolling stock, exhibiting separately
serviceable locomotives; unserviceable locomotives;
passenger cars: sleeping cars; mail, baggage, and
express cars; box oars; stock cars; freight and
coal cars. Also, total number of employes, exhibit-
ing separately the number connected with the gen-
oral administration, conductors, station-masters,
ticket agents, brakemen, engineers, firemen, flag-
men and gatemen, mechanics, and laborers. Also,
the total receipts of the corporation, exhibiting sep-
arately the receipts from passengers; from freights;
Irom expresses: from mails; from rents; from mis-
cellaneous sources exclusiveofloansandstocks sold.
Also, the total expenditure of the corporation, ex-
hibiting separately the kind and cost of fuel; the
amount of national, State, and municipal taxation;
interest on bonds and their indebtedness; passen-
ger transportation service; dividends paid within
the year in cash; dividends paid within the year in
stock; freightandtransportationservico; repairs of
the track and bridge?; repairs of rolling stock; re-
pairs of buildings and fences; damages to merchan-
dise; damages to freight; payments of personal
injuries; telegraph expenses and repairs; new struc-
tures, and other permanent improvements. Also,
the operations of the road, exhibiting separately
tfce mileage of passenger trains; mileage of freight
trains.; other mileage, including repair, wood, and
gravel trains; number of way passengers carried;
average way fares per mil©; number of through. Pas-
sengers earned; average or through fares per mile;
total number of passengers carried reduced to one
mile; average rate per ton per mile on local freight;
average rate per ton per mile on all through freight;
tons of coal; tons of merchandise; bushels of gram;
barrels of flour; number ofhorsesandcattle; num-
ber of sheep and swine; number of thousand feet ot
lumber; total tons of freight; total tons carried re-
duced to one mile: tons forwarded East, (orNorth;)
tons forwarded West, (or South.) Also, concern-
ing casualties, exhibiting separately the number ot
passengers or employes killed or wounded; the
character of the accidents, whether by false hand-
ling of switches, signals or draws, or by defects m
wheels, breaking of couplings or rails, or by imped-
iments placed accidentally or intentionally on the
track. Also, the number of miles of railroad tele-
graph lines, the number of miles of wire, andthe total
cost. He shall also, in like manner, require and
obtain from the owners, proprietors, or managers ot
any canal or river improvement the following facts,
to wit: name of canal or river improvement; points
connected; miles of canal; miles of slackwater;
dimensions of improvement in feet, exhibiting the
depth, and the width at the bottom and top; the
number of locks and their standard length, depth,
and width; number of feet of rise and fall; cost of
structures; cost of enlargement; number of boats;
total tonnage; total tons of freight carried East or
North; total tons carriedWest or South; tons of coal;
tons of merchandise; bushels of grain: barrels of
flour; number of horses and cattle; number of sheep
and swine; number of thousand feet of lumber; aver-
age rate of local tolls per mile; total amount received
for toils in 1889; annual average expenses per mile for
repairs from 18G0 to 1869; the average number of
months of navigation during the year. And he shall
also procure, from the best available sources, full sta-
tistics of the coastwiso trade and of the lake and in-
land river navigation of theUnited States, which shall
particularly show the number of vessels employed,
and where, and whether of sailor propelled by steam;
also the tonnage capacity of each; and the actual
tonnage transported upon each lake and river and
coastwise during the year 1869.
The pending amendment was one offered
by Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, which had been
amended to read as follows;
He shall also in like manner require and obtain
from the owners, proprietors, or managers of every
express company the following facts, to wit: name
of corporation or company ; capital paid up; total
capital stock; length of lines m miles; whether the
business is conducted by rail, vessel, or otherwise:
total amount paid to railroads or vessels for use of
line or lines; number of officers; number of persons
engaged in general administration; number of agents
and messengers; total receipts; total expenditures;
exhibiting separately amount paid for salaries, for
repairs, and l'or general expenses; and he may require
such further information as in his judgment may be
nccessary to secure full returns of the transactions
of such company. He shall also in like manner re-
quire and obtain from the owners, proprietors, or
managers of every telegraph company the following
facts, to wit: name of corporation or company; term-
inal points connected; capital paid up; length of
lines in miles; miles of wire; number of officers;
number of persons engaged in general administra-
tion ; number of persons engaged as telegraph oper-
ators ; the number of messages'transmitted by officers
of the United States; tho number of messages trans-
mitted for the press; the number of messages trans-
mitted for private parties; total number of messages
transmitted; total receipts from messages; total
expenditures of the company, exhibiting separately
the amount expended for salaries, for repairs, and
for general expenses. Ixc shall also in like manner
require and obtain from the officers or managers of
all life insurance companies the following facts, to
wit; name of company; amount of paid-up capital;
the number of persons employed in the general ad-
ministration ; the number employed as agents; the
total gross assets of the company, exhibiting, sepa-
rately,realized assets, deferred and unpaid premiums
and premium notes and loans; total liabilities ofthe
company, exhibiting, separately, losses adjusted and
unadjusted, lossesresisted,scrip and other dividends,
dividends to policy-holders not applied, reinsurance
fund; all other claims, including capital; receipts
from catsh premium?, receipts from all other sources;
total cash expenditures, exhibiting, separately,
amount paid for losses and claims, dividends to stock
holders, dividends to policy-holders; commissions,
including'sums paid to agents bvthc insurers and the
insured, officers' salaries; medical examiners' fees,
national, State, and local taxation, and all other cash
expenditures; also premium note expenditures; also
the number and amount ofpoliees issued during the
year; also, exhibiting policies terminating during
the year; the number and amount terminated by
death; by expiration; by surrender; by lapse; by
change - total number and amount of policies in force;
exhibiting separately those of §1,000 or under; the
number and amount of tlio.se from &1,000 to £2,000.
from $2,000 to ££,009, from $3,000 to &o,000, from $5,000
to $10,000, and the number and amount of those above
$10,000; also the amount of premiums received on
policies in force and the average pieniium on each
policy; also the amount of losses in cash and notes
and the percentage of the lots to thetotnl amounl of
| policies in force: plso percentage of ;usots to risks in
force. 33e eh-)]! a; in like manner, require and
obtain from every ^re and marine insurance com-
pany tfco u;cK 1o wir: name of compMny •
amount of capital stock authorized by charter; the
amount paid up; the number of persons employed in
general administration; tho number employed as
agents; the gross assets of company; thetotalliabili-
ties, exhibiting separately the amount of losses
adjusted, losses unadjusted, losses resisted, rein-
surance fund, fire at fifty per cent., marine and inland
atone hundred per cent.; all other liabilities, in-
cluding capital; also the total receipts, exhibiting
separately fire premiums, marine and inland prem-
iums, and receipts from all other sources, including
interest, dividends, and rents; also the total expend-
itures, exhibiting separately the number and amount
of fire losses, of marine and inland losses, dividends,
commissions, including sums paid to agents by the
insurers and the insured; officers' salaries, State,
national, and municipal taxes, and all other expenses;
concerning risks written during the year, the num-
ber and amount of fire, number and amount of
marine and inland; concerning the risks in force
December 31,1869; the number and amount of fire
risks having less than one year to run, less than
three years to run, more than three years to run, and
the numberand amount of marine and inland risks.
And he shall require and obtain from each and
every banking association in the United States and
the Territories thereof full statistics of the condition
and business of cach of said associations for the year
ending the 1st of June, 1870. And he shall also re-
quire and obtain from each and every banker and
broker in the United States and the Territories
thereof full statistics ofthe business of such banker
and broker for the year ending the 1st of June, 1870.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is upon the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Upson] as a substitute
for the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Cobb] to the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
The proposed substitute will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the twenty-seventh section the following;
And ho shall also procure from the best available
sources full information in regard to the number of
corporations holding United States bonds, and the
amount thus held; also, the number of executors,
administrators, guardians, and trustees who hold
United States bonds, and the amount thus held; and
the number of other persons who hold United States
bonds, and the amounts thus held.
The CHAIRMAN. Upon this question de-
bate is exhausted.
The amendment of Mr. Upson was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the sec-
tion 
The CHAIRMAN. No farther amendment
is in order except it be in the form of a substi-
' tute. An amendment and an amendment to
that amendment are now pending. The ques-
tion is upon the motion of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Cobb,] to amend the amend-
ment by adding what will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows;
And he shall require each district superintendent
j to obtain from cach and every person the number,
] denomination, value, and kind oi United States fctov-
j ernment bonds owned, held, or possessed by such
| i person or corporation, either m their own right or in
| trust for others.
!j The amendment was not agreed to.
i| The question recurring on the amendment
:j of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, as amended, it was
agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
the pending section by striking out in lines
sixty-one and sixty-two the words " also the
number of miles of railroad telegraph lines, the
number of miles of wire, and the total cost."
These words are unnecessary, this matter being
more fully provided for in the amendment just
adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the section
by inserting after the word "iron," in line six-
teen, the words " and steelalso by inserting
after the word "rail" the words "and the
amount thereof, respectively, of foreign and of
American manufacture."
Mr. ALLISON. I would suggest to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Davis] that
it may be very difficult for the railroad compa-
nies to furnish the information contemplated
by tho latter clause of his amendment. It
would not be difficult for a new road, but for
an old road like the Pennsylvania Central or
the Now York Central or the Erie, roads that
have been in operation fifteen or twenty years,
it will be very difficult to specify what portion
