3354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
make a pretty creditable show, and I believe
we got more oat of the Paris Exposition than
we expended for it. But the thing is ended;
it was three years ago, and the balance ought
to have been carried to the surplus fund, under
the existing law, two years ago. It was not
done. I trust that no amendment will be
adopted now that will justify this mode of leav-
ing unexpended balances of appropriation. If
the Committee on Foreign Relations say that
they want eleven or twelve thousand dollars 
Mr. SUMNER. Thirteen thousand dollars
is the sum.
Mr. SHERMAN. If they say that that sum
is needed to start a new show at London I am
perfectly willing to acquiesce in the appropri-
ation ; but I hope they will do it in an open
way, and not by a transfer of an unexpended
balance.
Mr. NYE. Do you not think it would be
better to appropriate this sum to the Washing-
ton exhibition rather than send it to Londo*h ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a question of
choice. I leave that to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator from
Ohio move an amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; I will move
that $13,000 be appropriated in the ordinary
language of appropriations for the purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have before me the
Globe containing the debate of February 22,
1867, when a discussion arose in regard to the
Universal Exposition that was to take place at
Paris; and in the debate on that occasion it
was stated:
"When this question was before the Senate at a
former session we then were applied to on the same
point"—
This was on an application for additional
sums of money. There had been appropriated
at that time, according to a statement made by
the Senator from Massachusetts, $150,000, ana
he then asked an appropriation of $93,000
more. This debate was upon that subject:
"When this question was before the Senate at a
former session we then were applied to on the same
point, and were inquired of by the Senator from Iowa
(Mr. Grimes) in whnt sort of an enterprise we were
embarking, where it was to lead, and whetherfuture
appropriations would be necessary. In reply to that
question the Senator from Massachusetts then said:
' I do not understand that there is any obligation,
direct or indirect, to any future appropriation on
this subject.'"
That is what we were assured of by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts when he commenced
with the Paris universal exhibition.
"To-day he tells us you have either to abandon
the thine or make these appropriations."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Senator
yield to me for one moment, that I may ascer-
tain whether the amendment is in order?
Mr. SUMNER. I move it under the direc-
tion of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Was notice
given of it?
Mr. SUMNER. Notice was given in open
Senate, and a copy communicated to the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I did not find
it on my file. I suppose the Senator is right,
but I have not the evidence before me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I find that on the same
occasion to which I have referred, in some
remarks which I submitted, I said, alluding to
the Senator from Massachusetts:
" Then he did not understand that there was any
obligation whatever, direct or indirect, to make
future appropriations; and in that way the Senate,
beguiled by tno persuasive manner of the Senator,
embarked in this exhibition, thought it would cost
little or nothing to have the country represented
abroad, to bring to notice its agricultural and min-
eral and scientific? resources, by exhibiting them in
Europe—' a very simple thing/ he said. The Senate
andCongress were thus beguiled and led alongto make
the first appropriation. Indeed, I believeoriginally
the first resolution did not call for any money. The
proposition only fixed the salary of the general agent,
and it was said to be a very small matter, involving
no obligation afterward."
I will not read the whole of the debate ; I
only call attention to it for th& purpose of
showing bow we were seduced into the Paris
Exposition by the Senator from Massachusetts,
beginning with calling it a very simple matter,
just as he does now, starting out to pay an
agent at Paris, till he finally got the Senate
to appropriate $250,000. He even got more
than he wanted. It seems he got so much that
it could not be used, and now he is starting
another exhibition for London to try to find
use for that appropriation. Evidently this will
lead to another very large expenditure. The
Senator from Massachusetts does not think so
to day. He did not think so when he started
origiually with the Paris Exposition, and I have
no doubt he was sincere in it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. May I ask the Senator a
question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask if the Senator is
aware of any additional expense besides the
$300,000 that was charged to o ur appropriations
for printing?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not posted on that
subject. I do not know.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am informed that some-
thing like two hundred thousand dollars in
addition has been expended in that way, mak-
ing the whole expense but little short of
half a million dollars, perhaps.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That only makes it
worse; and I think that is a reason why we
should not embark in this enterprise now. I
trust, Mr. President, that we shall not appro:
priate the money; and as to this transfer I
quite agree with what has been said by the
Senator from Ohio, that it is only another
name for taking money out of the Treasury,
and a blind Way of doing it If we are to
appropriate money for this purpose, let us do
it directly and know what we do. I hope the
amendment will obtain, and then I hope the
Senate will vote down the proposition as
reported.
Mr. CHANDLER. I opposed the appro-
priation for the Paris Exposition, but my recol-
lection is that the Senator from Massachusetts'
first proposition was for something about twenty
thousand dollars. I may be in error, bnt that
is my recollection. Perhaps it was for the salary
of the commissioner ; but the whole amount,
I think, was about twenty thousand dollars,
and the Senator from Massachusetts assured
the Senate that it was a very trifling matter,
and there could be no demand for anything
more. Even so trifling a matter as $20,000 I
opposed, and I opposed every stage from begin-
ning to end, never having voted one farthing,
and I shall not vote for this.
Mr. SUMNER. This is in England.
Mr. CHANDLER. That does not help it
much with me. [Laughter.] I hope this prop-
osition will be voted down. I think we can
spend money at home to better advantage than
we can in London, and that it will do more
good in every respect.
Mr. SUMNEK. I donot like to occupy the
time of the Senate on this question. I, how-
ever, say that I accept willingly the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio. My simple object,
and the object of the committee, was to provide
the means which the Department of State rec-
ommended in order to give our citizens the op-
portunity of enjoying the benefits of this expo-
sition, and on inquiry we were satisfied that all
this could be accomplished by an appropriation
of thirteen or fifteen thousand dollars.
Then it was-suggested that the better way
woujd be to transfer the unexpended balance
of the Paris Exposition appropriations. That
was the first proposition beiore the Senate.
Now, the Senator from Ohio moves to amend
that by a direct appropriation of a similar
amount. 1 have already said I accept that
amendment very freely, my simple object
being to obtain an adequate provision.
And now, sir, as to the chance of any fur-
ther expenditure, I have already stated that,
according to the information supplied to me,
I do not think there will be any further call
upon Congress. If there should be. it will be
a surprise to me. No Senator here will be
more surprised at it than I shall be.
Now, the simple question is whether you
shall make this little appropriation in order to
give the citizens of our country the opportunity
of sharing in the benefits of this exposition.
Why, sir, the Paris Exposition did infinite good
to the civilization of the age. It advanced man-
ufactures, the arts, the fine arts, everything
that enters into civilized life. The proposed
exhibition of London, as I have already said, is
not to be on the same large scale; but it will
in its way contribute to civilization, and shall
not our citizens enjoy the benefits of it ? It is
a small appropriation, I submit, for the boon
we may justly expect.
I am unwilling to see our people excluded
from these privileges on this very small ques-
tion of money. The amount is too small, too
insignificant to be set up as a bar to the very
considerable advantages that will be enjoyed.
Much more than this sum will come bacls to
the country in increased knowledge—ay, sir,
in direct orders addressed to your manufac-
turers and mechanics, for the machines and
other articles that will be exhibited there. We
shall get it all back. We are sowing an acorn
that will come back an oak. I hope that the
Senate will make the appropriation.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts says this sum is too insignificant to
be the object of serious objection. He ought
to have added that it is too insignificant to be
available or efficient for the purpose to which
it is to be devoted. Twelve or thirteen thou-
sand dollars, as every man must see in the
light of the experience of the French experi-
ment, or without it, will never answer this
purpose. Therefore, however it may be dis-
guised, we are called upon now to vote whether,
beginning with this sum, we are going to ap-
propriate a large amount for this London expo-
sition. I submit, Mr. President, that we ought
not to do it'r and that we ought not to do it in
deference to the spirit of the age, if I may bor-
row an expression. The spirit of the age and
the progress of civilization, and the cause of
amelioration generally, I think, will be con-
served best now in such respects by frugal
administration, by dismissing and withholding
as far as we can the burdens which press upon
the people, not in England nor in London,
but here, everywhere throughout this broad
Republic.
Therefore it seems to me that every time a
thing like this is presented it is an instance
of surplusage ; it is an instance in which the
appropriation is not necessary, be it more or
less ; and when, as in this case, a small begin-
ning implies inevitably a greater end of appro-
priation, it seems to me that the decency of
common consistency requires men who indi-
vidually and as a political party are profess-
ing economy and frugality to resist all these
appeals. Therefore, while I am glad that the
amendment is to take the form suggested by
the Senator from Ohio, as I trust every propo-
sition to appropriate money will, to the end
that we may do in the light and not in the
dark what we intend, yet 1 hope this amend-
ment will fail, as I hope to see fail every prop-
osition to appropriate money which need not
be appropriated now, if indeed it should ever
be appropriated at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, whatever form this appropriation may
assume, being confined to twelve or thirteen
thousand dollars, it is just large enough to
make it contemptible. 1 think if we can only
reach a vote we can vote it down in any shape,
and therefore I hope we may be able to take
the vote without further debate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, a proposi-
tion is not to be put down by hard words. My
friend says that it is contemptible——
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In point of
amounts
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. Then why doea
the Senator from New York oppose it as open-
