1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1467
related by the Psalmist. I shall give the sub-
stance of this account from the Roman historian.
When the Romans bad sat down to behold the games,
the herald with his trumpetwent into the arena, ac-
cording to custom, to proclaim the several games.
Silence being obtained, he solemnly pronounced
the following words: _
•' Senatus Homantis et T, Qumcius Tmperator, Phil-
ippo rege Macedoni bwtque devietis ; liberos, immunes,
suis legibus esse jubet Corinthios, Phocenses, Locren-
trsqut onmes, et insulam Eubceam, et Magnetas, Thes-
salon, Perhasbos, Achwos, Phthiota  t
The Roman Senate, and X. Quintius, thegeneral,
having vanquished king Philip and the Macedoni-
ans, do ordain that the Corinthians, Phocensians,
all the Locrensians, the island of Euboea, the Mag-
nesians. Thessalians, Perhaebeans, Acheans, and
Phthiotians, shall be free, be delivered from all
taxes, and live according to their own laws 1'
"The effect that this produced on the astonished
Grecians, who were present, is related by this able
historian in a very natural and affecting manner;
and some parts of it nearly in the words of the
Psalmist:
"Audita, voce  rceconis, majus gaudium fuit, quam
quod universum homines gaperent. Vix satis se cre-
dere se quisque audisse : alii alios intueri mirabundi
velut tomnii vanam speciem : quod ad quemque perti-
nent, mnrum aurium fidei minimum credentes, proxi-
mo!i interrogabant. lievocatur prceco, unusquisque non
audire. sed videre libertatissuce nuncium averit, iterum
pronunciaret eadem. Turn ab certo jam gaudio t ant as
cum clamore plausus est ortus.totiesque repetitus, ut fa-
cile appareret, nihil omnium bonorum multitudini gra-
tius quam libertatem esse.—T. LlV. Hist, lxxxiii, c. 32.
"'This proclamation of the herald being heard,
there was such joy, that the peoplo in general c.ould
not comprehend it. Scarcely could any person believe
what he had heard. They gazed on each other, won-
dering as if it had been some illusion, similar to a
dream; and, although all were interested in what
was spoken, none could trust his own ears, but in-
quired each from him who stood next to him what it
was that was proclaimed. The herald was again
called, as each expressed the strongest desire not only
to hear, but see, the messenger of his own liberty:
the herald, therefore, repeated the proclamation.
When by this repetition the glad tidings were con-
firmed, there arose such a shout, accompanied with
repeated clappings of hands, as plainly showed, that
of all good things none is so dear to the multitude as
libertv.'"
Was there ever a lesson taught with so much
point and pith on such an all-absorbing theme ?
It concerns the hearts, hearths, and homes of so
many in our common country. History repro-
duces itself with marvelous fidelity. It seems
as if the Psalmist had given to us this vaticina-
tion under the Supreme divine direction. Have
we minds to heed and hearts to feel the benignity
of the teaching?
Mr. Speaker, I had it in my mind at the
beginning of this debate to follow this beautiful
and kindly precedent. I meant to offer an
amendment to this bill in the spirit of that
liberty in which "the multitude'' rejoice, not
for the purpose of striking out any individual
from this long list of the relieved. No, sir, I
would not do anything so invidious or obnox-
ious ; but I did hope to offer an amendment de-
claring that the disabilities of all persons in the
States lately in rebellion, whose disabilities
were imposed by or incurred under the third
section of the fourth article of the amendment
to the Constitution, should be thereby removed-
I do not know that I have the floor now at
this stage of the question to offer that amend-
ment. I wish the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] could forget all old grudges
and hates, and would come forward, not only in
the spirit of the Hebrew and Christian religious,
but, if you please, in the spirit of that Pagan
policy which Livy records as so potential and
generous toward the conquered, and in the
unity and assimilation of the people. He would
help to usher in that perfect day of which we
dream so much; that jubilee of liberty which
is spoken of as having been given to the Greeks
by their wise and chivalric Roman conquerors.
Can we not do that? How long are we to delay;
how long pass these partial bills? Or if it cannot
be done now in its fullness, why not speedily
bring forward from your reconstruction crypt
a bill for so statesmanlike an object? Then
and thereafter we should have no more re-
prisals in peace; then we should have no more
proscriptions in the interest of hate, selfish-
ness, or wrong.
_ Mr. Speaker, if it would be in order I would
like a vote of the House on the amendment I
have indicated. It will not interfere with the
names already in the bill; and after all our
wanderings, after universalities and abstrac-
tions of amnesty and suffrage, we will at last
come to this proposition of erasing all these
disabilities.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield the floor to the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. McKenzie] for five minutes.
Mr. COX. I will send my amendment up
if nobody objects to it.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
operating, and an amendment is not in order
unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
consent.
Mr. McKENZIE. I desire to say a few
words about this bill. I had hoped that this
House would pass the Senate bill without
amendment; but I am willing as a member of
this House and as a citizen of the old Com-
monwealth of Virginia to take anything that
offers. Our people want relief, and I am sorry
that one of my colleagues on this floor [Mr.
Porter] should have made a motion to strike
from this bill the names of any Virginians.
In regard to Asa Rogers, who has been for two
\ years at least seeking to have his disabilities
removed, he has lost his office and another
person has been elected to it; so that there is
no particular reason for striking off his name.
Another person whose name is in this bill
has passed into eternity, perhaps partly in
consequence of these matters. He does not
now need the action of Congress for his relief.
I am glad to see the House coming to a true
consideration of this question. Why not give
these people relief? They have suffered greatly
in this contest. I belong to the Republican
party of the Commonwealth of Virginia, and I
rejoice that the colored people there are free. I
have been an anti-slavery man for years past;
was one long before many who occupy seats
in this House ever took such a position. I am
anxious that the people of the South should
be relieved from their political disabilities.
Why not, like a magnanimous Government,
relieve them ? It is true, what has been done
in the South has not been done in the spirit in
which I had hoped it would be done. Still I
hope this bill will be passed, and that the
amendment that has been adopted by the House
will be promptly acted on by the Senate.
There was another person here for years
past seeking to have his disabilities removed.
On Saturday last he died, and it is of no con-
sequence now to have his name included in
this bill; he has gone to a higher tribunal. I
hope this House will, by a unanimous vote if
possible, pass this bill. These people have
waited long and anxiously. Many of them are
my friends, and I am willing to knock off their
shackles. The President has said, "Let us
have peace why should not the Representa-
tives of the people say so also ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield for a few moments to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode.]
Mr. COVODE. The gentleman from Ohio,
or rather nowfrom New York, [Mr. Cox,] has
argued in favor of relieving all these people of
the South from political disabilities, and he
has read from the Bible in support of his posi-
tion. I thought the gentleman should have
been able to quote from that book from mem-
ory and not be under the necessity of reading
from it what he wants to refer to.
Now, I would suggest to the gentleman that
the next time he undertakes to read that book
for any such purpose he should read another
chapter, which relates to the time that King
Benhadad came up with his Assyrian army to
overrun Samaria and destroy God's people.
The prophet of the Lord went to Ahab and told
him to go out and fight Benhadad, the rebel,
and that the Lord would deliver Benhadad
and his host into his hands, and that it was
the Lord's will that they should be totally
destroyed. Ahab fought Benhadad, and de-
stroyed on the field of battle one hundred
thousand of his men. The rest of them fled to
Aphek, where a wall fell on them and destroyed
twenty-seven thousand more, and Benhadad hid
himself away in an inner chamber. His ser-
vants came to him and told him to go to Ahab;
that he was merciful, and perhaps would spare
his life. He did so : but how did he come ?
His servants came with ropes on their heads
sackcloth bound around them and begged of
Ahab to spare the life of their king. Ahab
said, " Where is my brother? Is he yet alive? "
Recollect that was the very man he had been
directed by the Lord to destroy. They sent
and brought forth Benhadad, and Ahab took
him up in his chariot and pardoned him and
all his crew, and drove off with him. What
was the result? The prophet of the Lord came
again to Ahab and told him that for doing this
thing, for disobeying the Lord's commands, for
, being merciful to the rebels, he should lose his
I own life and the lives of all his sons. The en-
tire family were cut off because they failed to
punish those ungodly rebels for the offenses
they had committed. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield five minutes to the gentleman from Vir-
gina, [Mr. Porter.]
Mr. PORTER. Mr. Speaker, I do not antici-
pate that I can accomplish any satisfactory
result by addressing the House at this time ;
but in the few minutes allowed me, I take the
opportunity to protest against the suicidal policy
of which this bill is a part, a policy which
would relieve rebels from disabilities and leave
the loyal people under the ban. I do not pro-
pose to make any objection with regard to those
persons named in the bill from Mississippi,
Texas, and other States whose governments
have been reconstructed in the interests of
loyalty; but I had hoped that the amendment
which I offered, striking out the names of cer-
tain individuals in Virginia, would be adopted.
One of those was a Cabinet officer in the ad-
ministration of President Fillmore; another
has been and is the chairman of the Conserva-
tive State committee of Virginia, which organ-
ization did more than any other agency in that
State to hand it over to the control and dom-
ination of the rebel party, which triumphantly
runs riot in that section of the country. If I
thought the proposition would be of any avail,
I would ask for a postponement of the cases
of the persons from Virginia named in the
bill; but I do not know that it could be accom-
plished under the rules of the House.
I have heard it said on this floor that the
disabilities of these persons are to be removed
in order that the State government may be
reorganized in Virginia; that there is not
sufficient material there to work with. Why,
sir, I should think the gentlemen on the other
side, and some on this side, would be satisfied
with the present condition of affairs there, for
the State government is now in the hands of
the old rebel element. Twothirds of the mem-
bers of the senate and the lower house are men
who could not take, if required to do so, the
oath prescribed by the act of July 2,1862. In
the Legislature the election of judges is now
suspended; they are awaiting the passage of
this bill in order that they may pick up some
vindictive and unrepentent.rebel in each county
to serve as county judge. I think the loyal
people of Virginia are almost prepared to say
that if in that State the class of men named in
the bill are to be relieved, it is time to strike
one blow and relieve the disabilities of every
man in the State; for some of the worst, some
of the most infamous, some of the most vin-
dictive, of all the unrepentant and bloodthirsty
rebels of that State are named in this bill. If
they are to be relieved we do not see why all
should not be relieved ; we can see no utility
in continuing the disabilities of those not named
in the bill, many of whom are more quiet and
less offensive in their character than those whom
the bill proposes to relieve.
It has been asked, have we not punished long
enough the people of the South ? I should like
