2412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
April 4/
up to No. 20 Dutch standard, and clarified
sugars advanced in quality afrbVeiSfb. 12
standard in color, by beitig trailed or crystal-
lized in a tacuurn pan, or clayed of liquored in
molds, or purged in cfefttfifilgal machines, or by
vacuum process, Or filtered through bone-black
or its equivalent; and upon all these various
classes or grades of sugar they impose a differ-
ent kind of tax.
Now, why does notthe gentleman frotn Ohio
bring forward a bill with a dead-level tax, a
horizontal tax, as it has been called, of 1,
2. or 8 cents per pound upon all sugars, and
so avoid leading importers into that tempt-
ation to which the gentleman referred the other
day. When the subject of tea was under dis-
cussion he argued in favor of a dead-level tax,
and he said that to graduate the duty upon tea
would be ruinous to the Government and offer
inducements to make false iiivoices. He quoted
in behalf of the impOrtefs, " load us not into
temptation.'' I make the same argument now
and ask him to stand up to it in favor of sugar,
and I also quote back to him, "lead us not
into temptation."
Now, Mr. Chairman, the Committee of Ways
and Moans mUst know that twenty-seven and
odd millions of dollars were raised by duty on
sugars classified as below the Dutch standard,
No. 12, and a little over $1,000,000 on all
other classifications. That was put into the
Treasury of the United States ; but tliey did
not tell lis how many millions were put, into
the pockets of the refiners of the country. If
you want a revenue tax the gentleman has said,
then you should put a dead-level tax on alltea.
Why mity not a dead-level tax be as easily im-
posed upon sugar as upon tea or coffee? There
are as many qualities of tea as of sugar, and wo
have Mocha and Laguayra coffee and Rio
and Java coffee, and various other kinds of
coffee as distinctly classified as the grades of
sugar.
If some gentlemen cannot tell them apart
I can. If the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schehck] cannot tell theta ap&rt lie does not
know what he should know as Chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. I do not want
the committee to lose sight of this fact, that
nearly the whole $30,000,000 put into tho
Treasury from the duly on sugars was collected
from sugars classed as below No. 12 Dutch
standard. And yet you insist on these classifi-
cations With regard to sugar. For what pur-
pose? In the interestof revenue? Not at all.
In tho interest of the refiners, and against tho
interest of forty million consumers of sugar.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allisox]
was right when he denounced this bill, so
far as the classification above No. 12 Dutch
standard is concerned, as not being in the in-
terest of the consumer. Now, I want tho chair-
man of the committee to explain why they
insist on the dead-level system with regard to
tea and coffee while they have a graduated
system for sugars.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will explain the reason
to the gentleman. If I hold in one hand some
line young hyson, and in the other some sou-
chong, I defy the gentleman to tell the differ-
ence between them. He could scarcely tell
whether the one was black tea or the other
green tea, Or whether one or both were mixed.
But I do think that even the sagacity of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. IsaEnsoi.i,,] if
1 held out Muscovado sugar in one hand and
a lump of loaf sugar in the other, would enable
him to distinguish between them. They aire
utterly different articles, as much as iron ore
and pig iron are different From manufactured
iron; and if the gentleman's argument is a
good one, we should either put all pig iron
ami manufactured iron under precisely tile
same duties as we charge upon ore; that is,
we should adopt the dead-level system With
regard to them, or else there 13 nothing in the
gentleman's argument. I do not propose,
however, to occupy the attention of the House
by speaking of a difference which must be man-
ifest to everybody. One article is raw ihatefial,
literally so. The other is in an advanced con-
dition of manufacture; a different article, hav-
ing been produced by the application of a great
deal of labor.
But 1 have risen less for the purpose of
answering this or any other afgutiient ds of
expressing the opinion that the House tiirtstbe
satisfied that the debate has gone on long enough
on this particular item ; and I njusfc astc unan-
imous consent that it be stopped on this para-
graph, otherwise I will have to Move that the
committee rise so as to obtain that otder from
the House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Before the gentleman
makes that motion he will pci-mit mo to make
tho remark that the classification in tho cofft-
mitteo's bill does not include loaf sugar at all.
Mr. KELLEY. I would say to the geritle-
man from Illinois that in the iiext paragraph
but one ho will find loaf sugar, and a duty
upon it placed at. 4 cents per pound, being 1
cent less (ban the present duty.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope there will be gen-
eral consent to close the debate on the para-
graph we are now considering.
Mr. ALLISON. .Before that is done, I
desire to offer a few remarks.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I yield to the gentleman
with the understanding that after he has been
heard debate will bo closed. '
Mr. ALLISON. What is the amendment
now pending V
The CHAIRMAN. That of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Ixomtsou,.]
Mr. INGE RSOLL. I withdraw it.
Mr. ALLISON. I renew it. 1 only desire
to occupy the attention of the committee for a
moment or two, in reply to the sentlemau from
Maine,[Mr. Lyxou.] Thogentlem'an retridrked
that I was deceived and deluded by the fe
fihers. Now, as the gentleman himself is a
sugar refiner 
Mr. LYNCH. I beg to correct the gentle-
man ; 1 am not a, sugar refiner.
Mf. ALLISON. I understood that the gen-
tleman was largely interested in sugar refining.
Jit*. LYNCII. J jiSsitfe the gentleman that
I have hot the least interest in that business ;
but I have some knowledge of it.
Mr. ALLISON. I may explain that I tvas
told by gentlemen all about me that the gentle-
man from Maine had a largo interest in sugar
refining. I therefore thought it was a singu-
lar case of self-abnegation on his part to speak
of mo as being deceived by the refiners.
Now I want to call the attention of the coin-
mi ttoo back again to the question. 1 do not
care about this first paragraph. I waul (he
chairman of the committee to understand that
I only oppose tho classification in the. first, par-
agraph because I do not want tho principle to
bo settled that wc shall depart from tho pres-
ent classification, which has lasted eight years,
and adopt a new classification, making a dif-
ference of 1 cent a pound between the raw
and clarified sugars, when tho sugar refiners
themselves only ask for a difference of ono
half cent a pound in their own interest. The
amendment I propose, therefore, is only for
the purpose of harmonizing this paragraph
with the amendments which I shall propose
after this first paragraph is disposed of, and
not with any desire to shut out raw sugar.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. SciiexcIc]
knows very well that of all the sugars that are
imported as raw sugars only from 5 to 10 per
cent, ever go into consumption without pass-
ing either through the vacuum-pan process, or
the centrifugal process, or tho refining pro-
cess. Erorh 5 to 10 per cent, only of the raw
sugars go into consumption in tho raw state.
The rest all come in from abroad in a condi-
tion unfit for consumption; except after they
have passed through a partial refining process.
Mr. MAYNARD. Tf tho gentleman will go
up and down Pennsylvania avetiuo to the gro-
cery establishments there, ho will find that
one half of the number of pounds of sr.gar for
sals are raw and Muscovado sugar.s without
having' gone through the Centrifugal process.
Mr. ALLISON. They are pfqdubed iti
Louisianaandhotabroad.' Wepfodueea hertter
class of sugars itt this 6'onntfy than til fey do
abroad. But all the sugaf refiners that ^sf'e
here told me that on an average but 10 per cent. ■
of the sugars imported froto abroad are im-
parted without passing through some process •
eith'er abroad or here, either the i-aeiitim-
pan process there of the refining process rti
this Country. So that when the chairman of ,
the Committee of Ways and Means talks about :
allowing raw sugars to come in at a reduced
rate he talks about a rttere fraction of the sugars
that are imported.
Mr. EELLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment,?
Mr. ALLISON. Yes, sir.
Mr. KlSLLEY. Tho gdhtlematt s&yS that
ho resists the ne'tf classification. We have
now a classification which gives us duties on
sugar of S ccnts, 3J cents, 4 cents, and 5 cents.
Since that law tvas fttade all the processes in
the manufacture of sugar have been changed
and improved, and the bill before the commit-
tee proposes a Classification reducing the nufn-
bcr of classes to tlirOe and putting thfe duticS
at 2, 3, and 4 ccnts a pound, making the duties
harmonize with the present processes of manu-
facture. It is necessary alike for the revenue
of the Government,, and for the prosperity of
the $;!!),000,000 of capital embarked lit Sugar
refining, and of the thousands of laborers em-
ployed in it, that the classification shall bo
brought into harmony with the more recent
processes of manufacture.
Mr. ALLISON. Very well; that is What I
was trying to enforce On the committee, and I
am glad the gentleman admits that it is for
the purpose of protecting and Caring for the
§35,000,000 of property engaged imsugar refin-
ing that this classification is changed. I am
opposed to it.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask the gontle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kslley] ono
question, as he seems to understand this mat-
ter and I do not. In this classification you
speak of sugars prepared in tho centrifugal
machine. Will the gentleman tell me the dif-
ference between raw sugar and sugar that has
gone through the centrifugal process, the dif-
ference in cost, and how much it costs to get
it through that process?
Mr. KELLEif. I have several times told
tho House tho difference. Raw sugar contains
20 per cent, of molasses and 7 per cent, of
waste or dirt, making together 27 per cent.
Tho process of the vacuum pan and the centrif-
ugal prouess purge it of the molasses and of
tho waste j so that the foreign refiner pays duty,
as I have so often explained, on only 78 per
cent., while the American importer, whethe*
he be a farmer, a merchant, or a refiner, pays
duty on 100 pounds. That is the whole of it.
1 cannot tell the gentleman what the cost is
of 
[1-Iero the hammer, fell.]
The question was on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Siiki.uox, of Louisiana, to insert
after tlieword "two" the words "andahalf;"
so that the paragraph would read :
On all raw or Muscovado sugars, and on all
other sugars not abovo No. 12 .Dutch standard in
color, cents per pound.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
ten, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Tho question recurred oft Mr. Allisok'k
amendment, to strike out the paragraph as
amended and to insert in lieu thereof tlxe fol-
lowing:
On all sugar not abova No. 12 Dutch standard in
eoior, 2 cents per pound.
The question was put; and there wore—ayes
22, noes 49 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Allison and
Mr. McCarthy were appointed.
