tm
•EE® GLOBE.
February 21,
to know-what adequate punishment Mas ever
been inflicted on those who undertook to dis-
rupt this Government. I should iik« to know
where one inch of soil lias ever been confis-
cated. I should like to know in what case
treason has received its just tlaee by subjecting
the traitor to a penalty of imprisonment or
death in the discretion of the proper tribunal.
No, Mr. Speaker, the most severe disabilities
suffered in Virginia are those resting on the
loyal people. The property and the lives of
loyal meu there are not secure and will not be
secure under the present state of things.
[Here the hammer fell.]
mbssaok frqm thb preside nt.
Mr. I|orace Porter, one of the Secretaries
of the Presidentof theUnitedStates, presented
a message in writing from the President; and
also announced that he had approved arid
signed a bill and joint resolution of the follow-
ing titles:.
An actfH. R. No. 782) making'appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending Jane 30,1871; and
Joint resolution( H. Ii. No. 117) authorizing
the Secretary of War to place'at the disposal
«>f Bridges'? Battery Association, at Chicago,
Illinois, certain captured ordnance.
urm07al of political disabilities,
Mr. BUTLEtl, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from Arkansas*
Mr. ROGERS. Air.. Speaker, under differ-
ent circumstances I should like to be heard at
some length on this subject. I favor the meas-
ure before the House aud shall vote for it. I
shall vote for &uy like measure whioh may be
introduced hereafter: aud I take oecasion to
say that I hope the distiitguisbed gentleman
from Uassacb*gQttc [Mr. iiutUEa] will at so me
early time report a bill more extended in its
character than.this. Itaeeraa to rae now is the
time when we should act promptly on this
aubjiiut ot'a general amnesty; A bill of that
character audi hase my hearty support while
I hare a vote an this floor. But, sir, I did not
rise to say mere then L l %ve already g&id; I
rose for the purpose principally of asking that
some remarks which I have prepared on this
subject of general amnesty may be published
in the Globe. ■
There was no objection, and leave was
granted.
_Mc. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield for three minutes to the gentleman from
NewYork.i •
Mr^KHiiEWQIilX, Mr, Spe&ker, it is but a
word I wish to eay upon this question., I was
in the h«pe thai good.feeling prevailed here,
and that ure should. tee ao indication of any
petty aaiiuosvty m this House.; that there
should be no jealousy against any per&ou from
his own sectiou or iteighboihood on the put
of any Representative hered*at at least on a
measured' relief of this sort we should ti&d no
evideaee of political animosity from any Rep:
reseutatitfe against iuaowa neighbors. I have
heard gentlemen from .the southern States al-
most unanimously, oi far as they have spoken,
express themselves in fa<vor of the passage of
this bill; bat while that is to, we have heard
a gentleman from Vurgntia [Mr. PortbrJ op-
pose the gentlemen from his own State who are
included in this bill, and that too. w^ei) it-might
be supposed from theaetion take$ toward him
in this House a few days ago ho would 1)3 thfe
very last man to raise his voice against granting
this relief to his owitaeighheri. Whether this
is right or wrong, whether it is better to pro-
pose a bill for agefteral amnesty, I should be
glad to see sueh a bill introduced and passed;
for, sir, the rule I adopted for my action oa
entering this House was to relieve every man
whom this committee would report to the House
in favor of, uo matter whether ho -was a rad-
ical Republicaa or belonged to any other party.
I have been in favor of doing whatever oould
be accomplished toward relieving the political
disabilities of men at this -fteofaht I m  filling
to vot€f for any bill* whether it p.ropoaes to
relieve one., two, or a dozen. Every time a
man is proposed for relief 1 shall vote for it.
But, sir, I hope it will not be permitted to any
member here to htrike out names which have
been included in this bill on account of some
little potty jealousy against those coming from
the same neighborhood with the party who
makes the motion to srrike out. .
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Inow yield
to the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. BOYD. Mr. Speaker, when the Govern-
ment debt, incurred to suppress treason ; when
uo voice of treason 13 heard in this country ;
when pensioned soldiers, made so by the. past
war, ar.e no longer with us, but have joined their
glorious comrades in that better land ; when
the black man no longer flees .from Knklux
bands, then I will consider the propriety of
removing disabilities of those who undertook
the bloody task of striking down this capital,,
and see if they are better prepared to govern a
great people than they were before the inaugu-
ration of the rebellion. Then, and not until thep,
can I vote for such a billascomes from the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
Mr-. HEFJjIN. I ask unanimous consent to
print some remarks upon this subject in the.
Globe. - .
Mrt DAWES. I object., ,
Mr. GOLLADAY. Mr. Speaker, I need
hardly tell this House that I heartily favor this
bill. While I am awar^ that it does not meet
the public expectations or grant.full justice to
the whole country, still I am one of those who
believe it to be .my duty when I cannot get a
whole loaf to take half a one rather than go
without bread entirely. I believe it is the duty
of this House, on as early a day as possible,,
to adopt a general bill which will cover .every
maa who entered into the rebellion. But,, iu
the absence of a. measure of. .that kind, I.am
perfectly willing, nay anxious, to include-as
many men aa possible, that they may be able
again to.bear their part in public affair^ as cit-
izens, aud as members ot the body politic.
And I trust that the evident propriety.of this
Proceeding may soon force conviction on the
earts.and minds of those oa either side of. the
House who are as yet opposed to this sort of
thing. . .
But I rose especially for. the purpose of
thanking my friend from Tennessee [Mr.
Sxokks] for the generous sentiments which he
announced on .this floor to-day, and of saying
that I felt wounded wbeu the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. EldridobI taunted him, be-
cause at some former period iu his life he had
enunciated on this floor sentiments diamet-
rically opposite. I am one of those who are
willing to think well .of auy gentleman who
will, although it may be at a late day, stand up
to utter just and generous and. manly senti-
ments ; and I take pleasure in saying that I
have to thank that gentleman for having fre-
quently appeared in that character in his iater-
course witn me. I had been writteu to aud
appealed to by men from thegentleman'sState,
and other States, who were known to be of ray
political sentiments, asking to have their dis-
abilities removed, and I never went to the
gentleman in connection with such cases but
he met me in a spirit of manhood and of true
generosity, and exerted himself in every pos-
sible way to obtain relief from his disabilities
for every man who applied for it. I heard
that gentleman in his gubernatorial canvass
express himself in favor of pardoningallproper
persons who applied to Congress, and I am
proud to bear him witness that he has within my
knowledge repeatedly redeemed the promise.
I think it is the policy of gentlemeu on this
side of the House to give credit to gentlemen
ou that side who can for a moment even forget
the animosities of the past, and givep generous
ear to those who now ask forgiveness and
mercy at their hands. I for one rejoice to see
a manifestation of those kindly feelings, and
atttkH cbiatinue tb ihilatge th&hop6 it)it it may ere!
long be the prevailing sentiment of the majority
of this House.
message from the senate.
A message w^s received from the Senate,
by Mr. GoRHAM,*its Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate, in the absence of the
Vice President, had chosen Hon. Henry B.
Anthony, of Rhode Island, President of the
Senate pro tempore.
The mess&ge further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a joint resolution (S. R. No.
135) directing the Librarian of Congress to
return to the executor of Thomas J eflferson
certain private papers, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
Tlie message further announced that the
Senate had passed House bill (H. 11. No. 1204)
making an appropriation to defray the expenses
of witnesses in the investigation by the Military
Committee in reference to the sale of cadet-
ships, without amendment; also, House bill
(H. R. No. 1007) to establish certain post,
roads, with amendments, in which they desired
the concurrence of the House.
removal of political disabilities.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill for the removal of political disabilities.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to have a few corrections
made of verbal errors in copying.
The corrections were made at the Clerk's
desk.
The question was on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WARD. Let us have the yea3 and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the Constitution requires that bills of this class
should pass on a two-thirds vote. It has not
been customary, however, to take the yeas aud
nays on their passage.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayea nineteen, noes not counted.
Mr.. WARD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ward ahd Mr.
JJutler,. of Massachusetts, were appointed.
. The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-one, noes not counted.
So {more than one iifth of the last vote voting
affirmatively) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 130, nays 40, not voting
42 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Armstrong,
Asper, Axtell, Ayer, Banks, Barnuin, Beaman,
Beatty, Bock,- Benjamin. Benton, Bingham, Bird,
Booker, tteorge M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Bur-
chard, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick It. But-
ler, Cake, Churchill, Cook, Conger, Crebs, Cullom,
Davis, Dawes, Deweese, Dickinson, Dookery. Box,
Duval, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg. Fisher,
Fitch, Garfield, Getz, Gibson, GoIIaday. Oriswold,
Haight.'Haldeman, Hale, Hamill. Hamilton, Haw-
ley, Hay, Hays, Heaton, Heflin, Holmun, Jenekes,
Johnson. Alexander H.Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Judd, Keltey, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketchain, Knott,
Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Loughridse,Marshall,May-
ham, McCarthy, McCormick. McCrary, MeGrew, Mc-
Kenxie, McNeely, Jesse II. Moore, Morgan, Samuel
P. Morrill,Mungen,Myers, Negley, Niblack,O'Neill,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Peters, I'latt, Poland,
Prosser, Randall, Reading, Reeves, Rice, Ridgway,
Rogers, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Seoficld, Lionel A.
Sheldon-Sherrod, Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph S.
Smith, William J. Smith, Worthinglon C. Smith,
Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strader, Strickland,
Strong, Tanner, Tillman. Trimble,.XwicheU, Upson,
Voorhees, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitteuiore. Willard, FIngene M. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Winans, -Witcher, Wood, and
W oodward—136.;
NAYS —Messrs. Ambler, Blair, Boyd, James
Brooks. Buffinton, Calkin, Cessna, Clarke, Amnaa
Cobb.Coburn, Cowles, Cox, Donley, Ferriss-Uiliillan,
Hoar, Hoge, Hotchkias* Julian, Kelsey, Maynard,
William Moore, Orth, Palmer, Phelps, Pomeroy,
Porter, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, WiiliMn Smytti,
Starkweather. Taffe. Townsend, Tyner, Van Horn,
Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward, and Williams—M.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Arnell. Bailey.
Bennett. Biggs, Boles, Bowen, Burdett, Cleveland,
Clinton L. Cobb, Covode, Dickey, Dixon, Dyer, iaa.
Ferry, Fust, Hambloton, Hawkins, Hill, Hooper,
Ingersoll, KViapp, Logan, Lynch, Mercur, Milnes,
Eliakim H. Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey,
Potter, Sanford.Schenck.Schumaker, Stevens, Stiles,
Stone, Swann. Sweeney, Van Auken.Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Wilkinson, and Winchester—42.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
bill was passed.
