156
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
to me it-would be very difficult to ascertain.
I do not think it is important to ascertain the
number of feet of wooden bridges and the num-
ber of feet of iron bridges unless you go still
further and ascertain the age of those wooden
bridges.
But there is an omission in the schedule pro-
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts
that I regard as material, and that is to ascer-
tain the amount charged for local freights and
for local passengers per mile, and the amount
charged for through freight and through pas-
senger per mile. Now, it seems to me quite
important that in this schedule we should ascer-
tain as nearly as we can the difference which
the several railroads make between through
freights and local freights a d through pas-
senger rates and local passenger rates. I
believe that is entirely omitted in the schedule
of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. T WTCHELL. The returns of the total
amount of local rates and through rates are to
be made separately. When you get the num-
ber of miles of through freight and the number
of local freight that gives you the information
the gentleman desires.
Mr. ALLISON. Yon get it in taking the
amount of freight received from other roads.
Mr. TWICHELL. Certainly.
Mr. ALLISON. But it may be through
freight or it may be local freight. What -I
want to know is what it costs to transport a ton
of freight from Pittsfield to Springfield as com-
pared with the cost of the transportation of a
ton of freight from Albany to Boston. We
want to ascertain as nearly as we can the rates.
1 do not think the schedule proposed by the
gentleman from Massachusetts will ascertain
these facts as clearly as they will be ascertained
by the schedule in the bill as it stands.
Mr. TWICHELL. If the gentleman wishes
to make it more specific I have not the slightest
objection; but you arrive at it in my way.
The question was put on the amendment;
and no quorum voted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand this to
be a very searching amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
Mr. TWICHELL. I propose, in order to
meet the objection made by the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] to add "receipts
per passenger and per ton for local and through,
to be reported separately."
Mr. ALLISON. I will say to the^ gentle-
man that that does not cover what"'! desire
at all.
The question was taken on Mr. Twichell's
amendment, as modified; and it-was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I move to further amend this
section by adding to it the following :
And also the number of marine disasters which
occurred to the lake and coast-wise commerce of the
United States in the year 1S69, with the number of
lives and of vessels and the value of property lost.
Mr._ FINKELNBURG. I would suggest
that river navigation should also be included.
Mr. PAINE. I will modify my amendment
so as to include river navigation.
The amendment, as modified, was then
agreed to.
'Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to further amend
this section by adding to it the following:
And every president^ treasurer, secretary, general
agent, or managing director of every corporation
who shall refuse or neglect to answer any question,
or who shall knowingly give any false answers to any
question asked him by virtue of the provisions of
this section, such olficershall forfeit andpav asumof
not less than $500 nor more than $10,000, to be recov-
ered by indictment in any court of competent juris-
diction to tho use of the United States.
The gentleman having charge of this bill will
notice that the amendment which was adopted
to the fourteenth or fifteenth section requiring
answers to questions refers only to the ques-
tions embraced in the schedules. Now, if we
are going into inquiries contained in the sec-
tion under consideration, it will be necessary
to have some means of compelling answers to j
them. Hence I offer this amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think the
amendment made to a former seetion will also
apply to this section. It was so intended.
Mr.BENJAMIN. That amendment specially
refers to the schedules.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. .The gentleman
would reach his object by asking unanimous
consent at the proper time to modify the former
amendment so as to cover this section.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will withdraw my
amendment for the present. j
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to call the atten- i
tion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gab- j
field] who has charge of this bill to line
fifty-six of this section for the purpose of |
making an inquiry, and if the answer corre-
sponds to what I apprehend, then I desire to
offer an amendment. There is not in the bill,
nor in any of the amendments which I have
heard read, any provision for obtaining the
number of casualties.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is contained
in the fifty-fifth line.
Mr. MAYNARD. That does not show the
number of casualties. It reads, "also, con-
cerning casualties, exhibiting separately the
number of passengers or employes killed or
wounded." I would move to amend by insert-
ing after the word "number" the words
"thereof and the number;" so that it will
read, " also, concerning casualties, exhibiting
the number thereof and the number of passen-
gers or employes killed or wounded," &c.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is no
objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOAR. I move to further amend this
seetion by inserting after the words "also,
total amount of debt" the words "in what
country payable."
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment was offered to sec-
tion twenty-seven.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted, That the Super-
intendent of tho Census shall require each district
superintendent or enumerator to obtain from every
publisher, proprietor, or editor of a newspaper, mag-
azine, or other periodical published within the dis-
trict, a copy of the number bearing the date of the
1st day of June, 1870, or of the date nearest thereto,
and also a statement of tho number of copies pub-
lished. And he shall require the copies thus obtained
to be forwarded to the Census Office at Washington
for classification and preservation. And he shall
require each district superintendent to procure from
the State and municipal and other corporate author-
ities within his district such information as ho mav
be able to procure relating to tho amount of debt of
each State, county, or other municipal corporation,
and for what purpose such debt was incurred; tho
amount and rate of taxation, and the various pur-
poses for which the tax was levied; the number of
criminal prosecutions in each State and municipal
government: the number of arrests, convictions, and
acquittals. And for tho purpose of carrying into
eftect all tho provisions of this section the superin-
tendent is required to prepare and issue all necessary
instructions and such schedules as are not provided
for by law to the district superintendent whose duty
it shall be to obtain the required information.
Mr. ALLISON. It occurs to me that there
ought to be an amendment in the last clause
of this section. The phrase "for the purpose
of carrying into effect all the provisions of this
section'1 should be modified so as to read 11 pro-
visions of this aet."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. In order to make the bill
symmetrical it is necessary to insert the words
" special deputy" before the words "or enum-
erator," near the beginning of the section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I move to amend this
section byinserting after the words "the num-
ber of arrests, convictions, and acquittals" the
following:
J?or the year ending' Juno 1.1870; and with such
classification of crimes as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior may dircct. Also the number of civil actions
commenoed during tho year ending June 1,1870, in
courts of record; the number of easescarried to courts
ox final resort in error or appeal; the number of days
of court actually held during tho year; the number
of days devoted to civil and criminal business re-
spectively ; tho number of jury trials, civil and crim-
inal, respectively; the number of cases, civil and
criminal, finally determined in error or appeal; tha
number of judges learned in tho law, or associate;
their salary, and additional compensation, if any.
I think it important, Mr. Chairman, that the
information contemplated by this amendment
should be obtained. It can be obtained without
additional cost in the taking of this census,
and it will be highly useful in all legislation
bearing upon the judiciary of the United States
and of the several States. So far as I have
conversed with gentlemen having this bill in
charge, I believe the amendment will meet
their approval.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BOLES. I move to amend the pending
section bv inserting after the word " incurred,"
in line sixteen, the words " and rates of inter-
est paid on such debt."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I desire to offer an
amendment to which I understand the Com-
mittee on the Census will assent. I move to
amend by inserting after the word " district,"
in line thirteen of the pending seetion, the
words " excepting towns and cities with a less
population than three thousand."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend by striking
out the words at the end of the pending sec-
tion "to the district superintendent, whose
duty it shall be to obtain the required inform-
ation." The amendment which has already
been adopted on the motion of the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Allisox] renders necessary
the change which I propose. As the section
now stands with tho gentleman's amendment
incorporated it is provided that—
The superintendent is required to prepare and
issue all necessary instructions and such schedules as
are not provided for by law to the district superin-
tendent, whose duty it shall be to obtain the required
information, for the purpose of carrying into efieet
all the provisions of this act.
This provision as it stood prior to the adop-
tion of the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa was perfectly consistent with the other
parts of the bill, but it is not so now, because
under section twenty-seven the information is
to be obtained not by the district superintend-
ents, but by the Superintendent of the Census.
According to the language of the present sec-
tion all the duty that was by section twenty-
seven devolved upon the Superintendent of the
Census is apparently transferred to the district
superintendents, yet such a transfer is abso-
lutely impracticable. I have therefore sub-
mitted my amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I think the -gentleman's
proposition is all right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I move to amend by
inserting after the word "taxation," in line
sixteen of the pending section, the words '' and
the rate of valuation for taxation of real and
personal estate, respectively, as compared -with
the cash value."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is all right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The next section, the
last in the bill, is entirely made up except the
first three lines of the proposed schedules. As
these are very lengthy, and as members have
them in their copies of the bill, the reading
will be dispensed with if there be no objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
section thirty by inserting after the word
"that," immediately followigg the enacting
clause, the words "in addition to information
hereinbefore required."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have but one
amendment to offer to these schedules, and it
is one which I offer on behalf of the committee.
It is to amend schedule number three by strik-
