5244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
lands heretofore made and reported to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, so
far as the same remain undisposed of by pat-
ent or by statute confirmation, which are shown
in the greater part of each smallest legal sub-
division not to be swamp or overflowed to such
an extent as to render them unfit for cultiva-
tion in their natural condition at, any perid of
the year; or which may be valuable for graz-
ing or other agricultural purposes without rec-
lamation; or on which timber may be found,
shall be excluded from patent as swamp, and
restored to the public domain by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. The second
section provides that where selections of swamp
lands may hereafter be made, under any act
of Congress heretofore enacted, the actual con-
dition of the lands thus selected, at the date of
selection, and at all times of the year preced-
ing their selection, must be shown by the testi-
mony of at least three credible and disinterested
witnesses under oath. The third section pro-
vides that where lands selected as swamp, or
which may hereafter be selected as swamp, are
disposed of under any law of the United States,
or to which any adverse right may be attached
under any law of the United States prior to the
issuing of patent under the swamp grant, such
disposition shall be considered as establishing
the arable condition of the lands disposed of as
aforesaid, and they shall be accordingly rejected
as swamp and stricken from the swamp lists.
The fourth section provides that to enable the
Commissioner of the General Land Office the
better to carry out the objects of this act he
is hereby authorized, whenever in his judg-
ment it is deemed necessary, or 011 the appli-
cation of parties desiring the same, upon sat-
isfactory showing that the same is necessary,
to order investigations respecting the character
of lands alleged to be swamp, which investi-
gations shall be at the expense of the parties
making the application.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read, as follows :
Add the following as a new section :
Sec. 0. And be it Jii.rther enacted. That all questions
or controversies respecting tho true ehumeter of lands
which may be claimed as swamp and overflowed
shall bo heaul before the register and receiver of tho
proper land office, subject to tho right of appeal to
the General Land Ofi'M*, and not, ns hitherto, by tho
surveyor general; and such resistor and receiver
shall have power to compel the attendance ot wit-
nesses.
Mr. MAYNARI). 1 would like the gentle-
man to explain this bill. It would seem to
interfere with vested rights.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask tho gentleman ftom
Indiana [Mr. Juliax] to permit mo to offeran
amendment.
Mr. JULIAN. I yield that the gentleman
may offer the amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend by add-
ing at the end of the bill the following :
Provided, That nothing contained in this act shall
repeal any of the provisions ot the act entitled "An
act to quiet land titlcsin California," approved July
23,1866, or be construed to abrogate any of the rights
confirmed thereby.
I think that there will be 110 objection to this
amendment.
Mr._ JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, lam asteUo
explain this bill, and I will do so very briefly.
It is designed, as the House will have observed
if it has listened to the reading, to give a defi-
nition of "swamp and overflowed lands"—a
thing we have greatly needed ever since tho
passage of the original swamp-land act. The
practice has been to survey lands under this
actimmediatel}7 after a great freshet, or in a wet
season, and then pronounce lands "swamp and
oveiflowed"' which are in fact drylands, and fre-
quently the veiy best lands of the Government.
By this loose administration of the swamp-land
act millions aud millions of acres have gone
into the clutches of the authorities of the differ-
ent States, by which they have been doled out
to speculators in great bodies, thus cheating
the United States out of its public domain,
defrauding the preemption and homestead laws,
and the great army of settlers who else might.
have had homes on the lands thus despoiled.
This has been done on the false pretense that
these lands were worthless, and the equally
false pretense that the States would reclaim
them.
The Slates of Arkansas, Louisiana, Missis-
sippi, and Florida alone have received, I be-
lieve, about twenty-eight million, acres, most
of which was dry land and not swamp. A large
portion of this land has been certified over to
them and confirmed, but much is yet under the
control of the United States. The State of Cali-
fornia is in a similar position. But there yet
remain several million acres which are not yet
confirmed as swamp lands, the title to which
remains in the United States. As to such lands,
the Government has the right to define what
swamp and overflowed lands shall mean in the
future-administration of these laws, and thereby
save the rights of many thousands of settlers
under the preemption and homestead laws, as
they ought to have been guarded under the past
acts of Congress. All this swamp-land legisla-
tion has been calamitous. It costs 110 more to
reclaim swamp land than timber land, and it is
far more valuable when done. The machinery
of the Land Office and the well-understood pol-
icy of the Government as to its public domain
should never have been departed from as to any
public land.
This is the purport of the bill. It is a bill
which, if enacted by this Congress, would par-
tially remedy very great and widespread mis-
chief; for the s",vamp-laud legislation of 1S49
and 1850, as administered by the Government
and the States, has been a huge and frightful
cons piracy against civilization and the rights
of the people and in fact a national calamity.
Having now in our own hands a remedy, so far
as the title of the United States has not been
divested, it is incumbent upon us to define what
shall be deemed swamp and overflowed lands,
and thus avert any further mischief.
That is the purport of this bill. I have al-
lowed an amendment to be offered by my friend
from California which I do not think is at all
necessary, but which I am willing tho House
shall vote upon. I hope we may have the pre-
vious question upon the bill, for the reason
that we have but little time this morning for
debate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for two minutes.
Mr. JULIAN. I will do so.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, I knew noth-
ing of this bill until I heard it read at the desk
this morning. There are very many grave
objections to the measure, so far as it affects
the people of California. Our State has sold,
under the swamp-land act, perhaps one hun-
dred and fifty thousand acres of this swamp
land, which by this bill will be taken away
from the settlers to whom it has been sold and
will be restored to the Federal Government,
notwithstanding twenty per cent, of tho price
of the land had to be paid into the State treas-
ury as an incipient step to the sale. In many
instances the land has been reclaimed, the peo-
ple believing (hat the payment of the twenty
per cent, would result finally in giving them a
title upon the payment of tho balance of the
price. Then in addition, sir, every acre of the
swamp hmds of California, except some mount-
ain marsh lands, will be covered by railroad
grants. They are now covered by railroad
grants. The effect of this bill—not the object,
1 do not charge that—but the effect of this bill
is to take the lands sold in good faith by the
State to settlers away from those settlers, not-
withstanding the part payment and improve-
ments on their part, and to give them to rail-
road corporations and monopolies. That is the
result of this legislation. It can have no other
effect. I look upon the bill as one of the most
monstrous attempts at robbery ever sought to
be perpetrated; and I regret to say this because
it is the first time I have had occasion to antag-
onize an}'proposition brought before the House
by my.honorable friend from-Indiana. I hope
the House will not sustain the previous ques-
tion, and I hope the House will vote the bill
down.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, one word in
reply. My friend from California says that this
is one of the " most monstrous attempts at
robbery ever sought to be perpetrated."
Mr. JOHNSON. I say such is the effect
of the bill; I do not say there was any such
intention.
Mr. JULIAN. My friend says the effect of
the bill is monstrous and disastrous to the peo-
ple of his State. Now, I have been in the
State of California myself, and have had some
correspondence with the people of that State on
this very question, and I will, with the consent
of the House, embody in my remarks some
evidence of what I say. Sir, the people of
California—I do not mean the monopolists and
plunderers, who are engaged in spoliation and
rapacity as a business—but the people of that
State, the rank and file, and especially the poor
men who are trying to save their homes on the
lands of the Government, are crying out for just
such a law as this is. In this I am confident
I am not mistaken. As regards the settlers
referred tobythegentleman, they are protected,
so far as protection is possible and desirable,
by the act of Congress of 1866, to quiet land
titles in California. This is the judgment of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
as I shall show.
I desire, without taking up any further time,
and with all faith in the honesty of the gentle-
man's convictions, to call attention to the fol-
lowing letter on the subject from the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office:
Depaetmhnt of the Intekioh,
General Land Office,
April 8,1870.
Sis: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your communication, without dato, inclosing a
letter from J. H. McKune, of Sacramento, Califor-
nia, to lion. A. A. Sargent, respecting the bill
introduced by you defining swamp lands.
In compliance with your request, the objections to
the bill have been carefully considered and the fol-
lowing views in reply thereto are submitted:
It is true that in the case of the swamp lands of
California, the selections standin a somewhat anom-
alous condition. This arises mainly from the fact
that that State, independently of the General Gov-
ernment, made selections and sales of lands alleged
to bo swamp, but which were not recognized as such
by this office. The act of 1866(July 23; was intended
to give these lands a status, aud so far as they were
not interfered with, to confirm them to the State.
As I understand it, the bill introduced by you does
not extend to lands which have been confirmed by
statute law, (see first section,) and cannot therctoro
interfere with tracks which fall absolutely within
the confirmatory clauses of the acts of 3d March, 1857,
or July 23, IStra.
But in California, as in other States, there are
eases continually arising where the question of the
character of the land alone is to be considered. We
are confronted at tho threshold of our investigations
with thequestionwhich.frora the dateofthe swamp
grant to ttie present time, has been the cause ot alt
embarrassments and frauds in the execution of the
grant. What did Congress mean l>y swamp lands?
Does the term mean simply lands which while really
swampy or overtlowed in their natural condition,
are still of great value for meadow or grazing lands;
or which produce a growth of timber which alone
places them far above the value of good, arable prai-
rie lands ?
It is to settle questions like these that a law
similar,to the bill introduced by you is needed.
From information which comes to us it would seem
that a large portion of the overflowed lands of Cali-
fornia aro the most desirable of tho lands of that
State. Even where they may not be cultivated in
the ordinary cereals, they are none the less valuable
for srazmgor other legitimate agricultural pursuits.
Until Congress by further enactment shall have
designated in more definite terms the class of lands
intended to bo conveyed by the swamp grant, wo
must continue to be embarrassed by the very indefi-
nite terms therein contained. Mr. McKune's letter
is herewith returned.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
JOSEPH S. WILSON,
Commissioner.
Hon. Geoege W. Julian, House of Representatives.
I now call attention to the following article
from a late number of the Alta Californian, of
Sati Francisco:
" Throughout the mountains and foot-hills of Si-
erra, Plumas, Nevada, and Lassen counties, there aro
many small valleys and secluded ' plats.' as they aro
called, which contain arable meadow lands, subject
to a slight overflow from the melting of tho mount-
