1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3357
because it is a public benefit, because it is the
greatest possible public benefit that can be
achieved with so small a sum as the largest
one that has been proposed in this bill.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will add but a word
to what has been said, for I do not think it is
necessary to prolong the discussion. As I had
the fortune to be a member of the committee
of the House of Representatives from which
the bill establishing the department of edu-
cation emanated, I should like to state the cir-
cumstances under which it originated.
There was a meeting in this city of the Na-
tional Association of the Teachers of the United
States. The question of national education
was under discussion in that assembly. There
were men there from all the Slates in which
systems of education had been established. It
was found that there was a great want of uni-
formity in the various States in respect to their
systems of education. It was found that in
many of the States, even where systems of
education had been established, there was a
lack of public interest in the subject. It was
found that in large sections of the country, I
may say in the whole southern section of the
country, and in some other portions of the
country, there were no systems of popular State
education.
Therefore, the teachers of the country in
their assembly here—and I will say that that
assembly was composed of the most public-
spirited men in the country, men who have
been laboring for the advancement of the nation
in every great interest-—thought it was neces-
sary that there should be brought into exist-
ence in Washington a bureau of education,
which should not only collect statistics upon
educational subjects from the various States
where systems of education had been estab-
lished, but a bureau which should be a eenter
from which information should go forth into
those sections of the country wh^re systems
of education did not exist. Not only this, but
it was necessary that there should be a central
bureau of education at the capital of the nation
in order to awaken in the whole country, espe-
cially the southern portion of the country and
in the southwestern part, and the extreme
western part, where new States were coming
into existence, a feeling of interest in the sub-
ject of popular education, to create a proper
public spirit, a proper enthusiasm and interest
in this subject. It was thought necessary also,
if possible, to Unify and harmonize the work
of education in the various States, to create a
unity of effort and a unity of purpose among
the educators of the country.
A petition was started in this National As-
sembly, and was presented to the House of
Representatives by Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,
who was made chairman of the committee
appointed upon the introduction of that peti-
tion. The present Secretary of the Treasury
was also a member of the committee, and I had
the honor of being a member of the commit-
tee. This bureau originated in that movement
of the National Teachers' Association.
Now, as to its efficiency. I am frank to con-
fess that it has not, in my judgment, accom-
plished all that it- ought to have accomplished,
or all that it might have accomplished ; and
for two reasons: firet, it has not had sufficient
means to accomplish all that its nature would
give us reason to believe it would accomplish;
and secondly, I believe the money which has
been appropriated to this purpose has not been
judiciously expended.
There is no difficulty in collecting statistics
on this subject. They come here in such pro-
fusion that it is impossible or has been impos-
sible for the Commissioner of Education to
generalize the information, to put it into proper
form to send it out to the country; and I happen
to know that vast quantities of material have
been lying here in Washington ready to be
worked up, and which it was impossible for
the Commissioner to work up because he had
not the clerical force to work it up.
Now, sir, what we ask rs simply an appro-
priation sufficient in amount to give the Com-
missioner of Education, the head of this bu-
reau, an opportunity to collect information, to
digest it, to put it in form, and sertd it out into
the country, and send it abroad. I happen to
know that within a fortnight several volumes j
upon the subject of popular education abroad
have come here to the Commissioner of Edu-
cation ; and how were they obtained ? Simply
by a system of exchanges, such as the secre-
tary of the Smithsonian Institution established
in that institution. That system of exchanges,
established in the Smithsonian Institution, bus
created in that institution a library on the
whole circle of scientific subjects the finest in
this country, and one of the first in the world
on scientific subjects, and brought it here to
this country free of one dollar's expense; I
mean one dollar's expense for the books. Of
course it cost something to bring about the
correspondence. But that library, the first
scientific library in this country, and one of the
first in the world, has been given to the Uni-
ted States Government gratis in this way.
There is no difficulty in securing, without any
further machinery, all the information which
may be required by the Commissioner of Edu- !
cation.
This is not the time to go into a general dis-
cussion of this subject. If it were I should be
glad to discuss it. One sixth of the voting
population of this country can neither read nor
write; and it has been proven by statistics that
giving to a people the ability to read and write
gives to that people a skill which addis twenty-
seven per cent, to the productiveness of a
country and to the increase of its wealth.
There is no department in this Government
so much demanded, not simply for the- safety of
the country, but so much demanded for our
material prosperity, so much demanded for
the advancement of the country in civil po wer,
in industrial power, in all those great interests
which advance a nation as adepartment on this
subjectofeducation. Why should we be higgling.
over an appropriation of $10,000 when theteach-'
ers of the country in a national assembly hav6
demanded it, when the educated people of this
country demand it? It will be of no greatase
to New England. The section of country from
which I come will not be very much advanced ;
by this Bureau of Education. But gentlemen
from all sections of the country knowfull well
that New England is deeply interested in this ■
as a matter of public utility. You know full |
well that in laying the foundations of New :
England society eduoation was made the basis
on which both its social and its industrial sys-
tem rest ; made the basis on which its political
strength and power and purity rest; and for
the education which the institutions of New
England gave to her people this country, in its
length and its breadth, in every State and in j
every Territory, is to-day under deep obliga- :
tions.
Why, sir, mental culture, mental discipline,
so to speak, is a part of the religion of New
England; and it i3 of prime importance in
this country. Agriculture is nothing as com-
pared with this, because it is less fundamental; !
and why should we hesitate ? Let us give to
it this $14,000. Iwishitwasten tiroes $14,000; j
I would vote for it gladly, though I am earnest [
to reduce thp expenses of the Government.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I rise to say
just two things : first, to return my very cor-
dial thanks to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire for the support he has given this meas-
ure ; and second, to say that if the Senate is
prepared to vote now, and will sustain the
House of Representatives in their action, I will
not make a speech on the question.
Mr. SUMNER. I will make the same
promise.
Mr. HOWE. But if this amendment is
carried in Committee of the Whole I shall seek
an opportunity to renew the controversy when
the bill is reported to the Senate, and I promise
the Senate that I will then make a speech on
the question. Now the Senate see the fate
that is before them, and I hope they will vote
in view of it. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations as amended.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask that the amendment
be reported again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations as amended by the Senate.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out:
One clork at fl,800; one clerk at $1,600; one clerk
at $1,400; one messenger at $840: stationery, $600;
library, $1,000; collecting statistics and writing and
compiling matter for annual and special reports,
$3,000; contingencies, $1,260; in all, $14,500: Provided,
That from and after the 30th day of June, 1870, the
clerioal force iu the office of said Commissioner shall
be as in this section authorized.
And to insert in lieu thereof "and two
clerks of class.one; in all $5,400;" so as to
make the clause read :
Far Commissioner of Education, $3,000; and two
clerks of class one; in all, $5,400.
Mr. .WA-RNER. I understand if this amend-
ment is voted down it will leave the proposition
as it came from the House,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir; with
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri
added to it.
Mr. COLE. As a member of the Committee
on Appropriations J shall sustain, as a matter
ofcourse, the amendment that has been reported
by the committer. I do it for several reasons
besides that. In the first place, the whole
appropriation, as it came from the Houge, of
$14,000, is a mere trifle; and the difference
between that and the $5,400, for the purpose
for which it is to be applied, amounts to but
little. It is only a small appropriation at best.
But the committee have seen fit to make the
appropriation conform to the law as its exists
and -as it has been made heretofore by Con-
gress. That fully justifies the committee in
the reduction they have recommended to the
Senate. I am not opposed to education ; no
man ig more earnestly for it than I; and if the
law can be changed, if the proposition can bo
brought forward in a proper shape, I shall as
cordially as any Senator vote to increase and
very much increase the appropriation ; for thi$
is an excellent object. If a proposition were
brought forward to create a department of
education it would meet with my approval,
because I believe it is as necessary as almost
any other Department of the Government.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 38; as follows.:
YE AS—Messrs. Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Conkline,
Ds|,vis, Fenton, Ferry, Hamilton of Maryland, How-
ard. Howell, Johnston, McCreery, Morrill of Maine,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Stockton, Tipton, Trumbull,
and Williams—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Brownlow,Buck-
ingham, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Flanagan, Hamilton
of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howe, Lewis, Mc-
Donald, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Eiee, Robertson,
Ross, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Spencer, Sprague,Stew-
art, Sumner, Thayer, Warner,- Willey, Wilson, and
Yates—38.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Cattell, Edmunds, Fowler, Gilbert,
Kellogg, Norton, Pool, Revels, Thirrman. and Viek-
ers—15.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let us gd'now
to the amendment with regard to the assistant
commissioner of the Patent Office.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine calls for action on the amendment which
was passed over on page 38.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask my friend's
attention to an earlier one, on page 14, as to
the chief clerk of the State Department. That
was passed over.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move now an
amendment on page 38.' The amendment of
the committee was reserved striking out the
