1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1469
During the roll-call,
Mr. BECK stated that bis colleague, Mr.
Winchester, was ill in bed; if present, he
would have voted for the bill.
The result of the vote liavingbeen announced
as above recorded,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say that I wish gentlemen would examine
the bill, and if any names are misspelt or other
verbal amendments are needed, report them to
the Committee 011 Enrolled Bills, so that cor-
rections may be made.
message i'koji the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference 011 the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 1097) making appropriations
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1870.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendments, joint xeso- :
lutions of the House of the following titles : ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 84) to sell or !
exchange the site of the custom-house in the
city of Nashville, Tennessee, that a more suit-
able location may be obtained ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 133) for re-
funding of hospital money collected of the
whaling bark Hamilton.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills and joint resolutions
of the following titles; in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 46) for the better security of
the lives of passengers on board of vessels
propelled by steam ;
A bill (S. No. 302) giving the consent of the
United States to the erection of a bridge across
the Delaware river between Philadelphia and
Camden;
A bill (S. No. 420) to authorize the account-
ing officers of the Treasury to adjust the ac-
counts of Ezra Carter, jr., late collector of
customs at Portland, Maine ;
A bill (S. No. 448) to change the boundaries
of the collection district of Brazos de Santiago,
in the State of Texas ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 98) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an
American register to the bark Live Oak and to
the ship Agra, of Boston ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 100) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an
American register to the schooner Miami.
committee of elections.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed the following additional members of
the Committee of Elections, under the resolu-
tion of the House of Saturday last, namely:
Mr. Fernando C. B ram ax, of Michigan ; Mr.
Michaei, C. Kerr, of Indiana: Mr. George
W. McCrary, of Iowa; and Mr. Clarkson N.
Potter, of New York.
expulsion of a member
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I present a report from the Committee
on Military Affairs, accompanied by a resolu-
tion and evidence. I ask first for the reading
of the report and the resolution, and then for
the reading of the evidence upon which that
resolution is based.
The Clerk read the report, as follows :
The Committee on Military Affair?, who were au-
thorized by the resolution of tho House of Represent-
atives of the 4th day of February, 1870, to inquire
into the alleged sale of appointments to the Military
and Naval Academies by members of this and the
preceding Congress, respectfully submit the follow-
ing report:
The committee has taken testimony in the case of
"•F. Whittemorh, member of Congress from the first
districtof South Carolina, which testimony, together
with a statement made to the oommittee by Mr.
Whittemore, in exculpation of himself, is herewith
submitted.
The committee having carefully considered the
same, have como to the conclusion that in making
appointments to the Military and Naval Academies ;
from the district represented by him, the said B. F. !
Whittemore has been influenced by improper pe- j
cuniary considerations. They therefore submit tlie j
accompanying resolution, and recommend its adop- !
tion. I'
JOHN A. LOG AS, Chairman, L
AMASA COBB, 'j
JASPER PACKARD, 1
WILLIAM L.STOUGHTON, |!
JOEL 1?. ASPBR, ]
JOHN S. WITOIIER,
GEORGE W. MORGAN,
HENRY W. SLOCUM,
SOLOMON L. HOGE.
Mr. LOGAN. One member of the com-
mittee was absent this morning.
The Clerk read the resolution accompanying
the report, as follows:
Resolved, That B. F. Whittemore, a Representa-
tive in Congress from the first congressional district
of South Carolina, be, and is hereby, expelled from
his seat as a member of the House of Representatives
in the Forty-First Congress.
Mr. LOGAN. I now ask that tire evidence
shall be read to the House on which the reso-
lution is based.
Mr. POLAND. I rise to make a proposi-
tion in reference to this matter, which I hope
will be acceptable to my friend, the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs.
; Mr. LOGAN. I am not open to any propo- :
sition until the evidence shall have been read
to the House on which the resolution is based.
All that is proper to be done can then be done.
The testimony was read, as follows:
Washinoton, D. C., February 14, 1870.
G. R. Cathcart sworn and examined. j
By the Chairman:
Question. State your residence, age, and occupa-
tion.
Answer. I reside in New York city; I am twenty-
eight years of age; my occupation is a journalist.
Question. State what you know, if anything, in
reference to the sale or offer of sale of cadetships
to the Naval or Military Academy by any member
of Congress, Senator, or Government officer.
Answer. I have an office at 43 Broad street. New :
York, where I do a good deal in the way of com-
mercial reporting. Ihavo a friend named Philip H.
Kegler, who has an office in the same building. He \
was formerly awealthy bankerin Charleston. I was I
in his office one day in September or October last,
and he mentioned to me the circumstance of a cor-
respondence between himself and Mr, Whittemore,
member of Congress from South Carolina. Mr. Keg-
ler desired that his son Freddy should be appointed
to the Naval Academy, and he asked Mr. Whitte-
more to make the appointment. Mr. Kegler went
on to tell me that the appointment had been offered
to him for $2,000, in Boston, by a gentleman named
Shaw. He came from Boston to Washington, with
a letter of introduction from Shaw to Wihttf.moek.
I do not know whether Whittemore told Kegler then
that the appointment would be given to him or not;
but he afterward, in answer to a letter from Kegler,
addressed him a letter, of which I made a copy, as
follows:
Darlington, S. C., May 12,1800.
P. H. Kegler, Esq.:
In reply to your communication I have to say that
so many have applied for the position you named
that I have set the value of the appointment outside
of my district at $500. ... .,
Yours, &e„ B. F. WHITTEMORE.
By Mr. Slocum:
Question. How do you know that that is a coj.y ?
Answer. I made the copy .myself. Mr. Ivegler
showed me the original letter, with Mr. Whittemore's
frank. I judged it to be in iiis handwriting. The
letter was in the same handwriting as the signaturo
on tho envelope.
Question. Who has the original letter?
Answer. Mr.Keglerhas it. His office is at 18 Broad
street, New York.
By the Chairman:
Question. Do you know of any other case?
Answer. I do not.
Question. Who is this Mr. Shaw that you have
spoken of? .
Answer. I do not knowhiin personally. His name
is William F. Shaw. I do not know his business. I
think he is more or less engaged in Washington.
Question. Is he a newspaper man ?
Answer. I think not. I heard Kegler say that Mr.
Whittemore was in his employment once.
By Mr. Sloci'M:
Question. Did Kegler take the offer? .
Answer. No, sir; he did not propose to go into that
kind of business. In the first place, he .did not have
the money to buy the place, but he was in hopes that
' ho would have been able to get it out of friendship.
By Mr. Hoge:
Question. Then, this boy did not get the appoint-
ment?
Answer. No, sir; ho did not.
Washington, D. C., February IS, 1ST0.
Philip II. Kegler sworn and examined.
To Mr. Slocum:
My residence at present is Staten Island. It waa
Charleston until August last.
Question. Did you ever have any correspondeneo
with a member of Congress relative to te^uring an
appointment tor your son?
Ansicer. I did. I wished to get him an appoint-
ment to the Naval Academy.
Question. Who wrote the first letter?
Answer. The first letter was written by Senator
Sawyer, of South Carolina. lie gave me a letter,
addressed to Mr. Whittemore, in vefeience to tho
appointment.
[Witness produces tho original letter, of which the
following is a copy:
Washington, December 1G, 1809.
My Dear Sir: The bearer, Mr. Philip II. Kegler,
of Charleston, South Carolina, has a son whom he is
desirous of having admitted to the naval school at
Annapolis.
If you have not pledged yourself to a nomination
you may be willing to nominate Mr. K.'s son.
I have given Mr. Ivegler a copy of the regulations
governing admission, whichlie will show you.
Anything you may do in this matter will oblige,
very truly, yours,
. F. A. SAWYER.
Hon. B. F. Whittemore, 23 Indiana avenue.
P. S.—Should^Mr. Whittemore not be so situated
as to aid Mr. Kegler, this letter is respectfully ad-
dressed to Honorables Messrs. Corley or Goss.
V. A. S.l
Question. What followed this letter?
Answer. I had an interview with Mr. Whittemore
in January, 1809, and presented to him this letter.
Question. This letter is dated December, 1869.
Answer. That was a mistake of Mr. Sawyer's. I
received that letter in January, 1869. I received it
here in Washington city, at his boarding-house. Ho
wrote it very hastily. It was during the session of
the Fortieth Congress. I handed the letter in per-
son to Mr. Whittemore at his boarding-house on In-
diana avenue. I think. He was just on tho point of
going out to a meeting where, I think, General Kil-
patrick mado a speech, and I walked with him as far
as tho church. Mr. AVhittemore then told me that
he regretted exceedingly that he did not know that
I wished an appointment for my son, but that he
had, unfortunately, pledged himself. He said he was
very sorry; that he thought I was as deserving as any
man, in consideration of what I had lost in South
Carolina and of what I had done during the war. Ho
talked very niee, and I thanked him warmly for his
kindness, or his intended kindness. I dropped the
matter, thinking that nothing more could be done.
I then went to the Seoretary of the Navy and made
application there. I also went to Mr. Charles Sum-
ner, asking his aid. My son even went to see Gen-
eral Grant. We failed. Four months afterward I
happened to be in Boston with my son. That was in
April, 1869. I lived in Boston from 1843 to 1857. I
j there met an old business acquaintance named Shaw,
and introduced my son. He said he would make a
| fine cadet. I said, " I would like very much to give
1 him that opportunity, but I am afraid it is a hard
matter—a matter of impossibility. It requires too
much influence." "Oh," said he, " as far as that is
concerned, I can give you an appointment; I have
it in my pocket." Said I, "You would do me the
greatest favor in the world." He took out the ap-
pointment, a blank for the name of the appointee,
but signed. The moment I took hold of it I recog-
nized the handwriting.
Question. Was it a regular appointment, signed by
the Secretary of the Navy ?
Anncer. No, sir; it was a letterof appointment to
the Navy Department, signed by Mr. Whittemore.
[Witness exhibits a blank form, the same handed
to him by Mr. Sawykr.J
Question. Go on and state what took place between
you and Shaw.
Answer. I of eoursc thought that Mr. bhaw was
willing to present that appointment to me, and I
thanked him for it; but, Si id he, "There is a con-
sideration for it." He said. " I will show you a let-
ter from Mr. Whittkmoke." He showed it to me;
I did not read the whole of it; buthe pointed outto
I me where Mr. Whittemore stated that these ap-
pointments were worth from two to three thousand
dollars, i told him that it was unfortunate; that I
had lost everything during the war, and even after
tho war; and that I could not, even if I wanted to,
pay any money tor the appointment. I saiu that I
I thought that 1 was entitled to it. He said, " lhat:iis
; all 1 can do; I am willing to waive my interest 111 the
! affair; I will give you a letter to Mr. Whittemore,
who was then, as lie expected, in V> ;i^bington. lie
gave me a letter, of which I preserved a copy.
[Witness presents the copy ot the letter, as lol-
'ows' Boston, April 21,1869.
My Friend: This will introduce to you one of my
old customers, who desires to place his son in posi-
tion as he may explain, and which, as I understand,
you have power to grant, providing matters arc to
your mind satisfactory. My letter by this day's mail
will fully explain my meaning. _ nTrll_
Yours, truly, W.F.SHAW,
j Hon. B. F. Whittemore.
p. S.—The bearer of this is P. H Kegler, a resident
