1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
41st Cohg....2d Sess.
Independence of Cuba-—Mr. Banks.
Ho. of Reps.
Hon. Mr. Maynard, February 14, 1870; peti-
tion of forty-one hundred and thirteen citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, presented by Hon. Mr.
Kelley, February 19, 1870, and many others,
amounting to seventy-two thousand three hun-
dred and eighty-four names, severally praying
for the recognition of belligerent rights on the
part of the Cubans, or the acknowledgment of
the independence of Cuba; and also a reso-
lution of inquiry relative to recognizing the
belligerent rights of the Cubans, presented by
Hon. Mr. Logan ; a joint resolution in relation
to the contest between the people of Cuba
and the Government of Spain, presented by
Hon. Mr. Banks, February 16, 1870; a bill to
amend the act entitled " An act in addition to
the act for the punishment of certain crimes
against the United States, and to repeal the
acts therein mentioned," presented by Hon.
Mr. Hamilton, February 23, 1870; a bill
making it a misdemeanor to fit out or equip |
ships of war, or to sell or furnish arms or mu-
nitions of war, with intent that they shall be
employed in the service of any foreign prince
or State to commit hostilities against the peo-
ple of any province, district, or colony who are
in a state of armed insurrection against such
foreign prince or State, and providing for the
forfeiture of such ship or vessel; a resolution
of the senate of Maryland relative to the revo-
lution in Cuba; petitions and resolutions of
lodges of Masons of Flora, Chicago, Spring-
field, New Boston, Minonk, Jerseyvillo, Nau-
voo, Chester, Washburn, and Delavan, in the
State of Illinois, in relation to the murder of
citizens and Masons in Cuba, presented by
Hon. Mr. Logan, April 21, 1870; and joint
resolution to authorize the President of the
United States to submit propositions to the
Spanish Government for a settlement of the
difficulties in the island of Cuba by arbitration
or otherwise, presented by Hon. Mr. Prosser,
June 6, 1870, have considered the several
propositions referred to the committee, and
after mature deliberation thereupon report for
the approval of the House the following:
Joint resolution in relation to the contest between
the people of Cuba and the Government of Spain.
Resolved by the Senate andt House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled.
That the President of the United States be, and
hereby is, authorized and instructed to declare and
maintain a strictly impartial neutrality on the part
of the Government, of the United States in the con-
test now existing between the people of Cuba and
the Government of the kingdom of Spain.
Sec. 2. And.be itfurtherresolved, That nil provisions
of the statute approved 20th of April. 1818, entitled
"An act in addition to the act for the punishment
of certain crimcs against the United States, and to
repeal the acts therein mentioned." shall be con-
strued to apply equally to each of the parties in the
existing contest between the people of Cuba and the
Government of Spain.
Sec. 3. That the President is hereby authorized
and requested to remonstrate against the barbarous
manner in which the war in Cuba, has been conducted,
and, if he shall deem it expedient, to solicit the
cooperation of other Governments in such measures
as ho may deem necessary to secure from both con-
tending parties an observance of the laws of war
recognized by all civilized nations.
The object of these resolutions is—
1. To secure the recognition of an existing
armed contest for liberty in Cuba:
2. The neutrality of the United States in
that contest:
3. To place the Cubans upon an equal foot-
ing with the Spaniards in regard to intercourse
and trade with the United States:
4. To interpose the protest of the United
Slates against the barbarous manner in which
iho war has been conducted.
11 is a misconception of fact to assume that
by this action we grant belligerent rights to the
Cubans. This Government has no power to
cieate, confer, or define the rights of belliger-
ents. That can be done by the general consent
of civilized Governments only. They are de-
fined by the law of nations. We are bound to
observe them as the rule of the Christian world.
The Cubans have an inalienable right to fight
against oppression and for liberty. It does
not depend upon the consent of Governments
or men. It is our duty to recognize the fact of
the contest and maintain our neutrality. The
Administration has already informed the Gov-
ernment of Spain that the law of nations
would justify our intervention in the contest in
the interest of humanity; but intervention is
the policy of personal, not of republican Gov-
ernments. Impartial neutrality is our duty.
It would be criminal for us to strengthen the
hand of the oppressor. If we cannot espouse
the cause of liberty we ought, at least, to stand
neutral. Without a recognition of the contest
neutrality is impossible. When we recognize
its existence and declare our neutrality, the law
of nations, the enlightened code of the civilized
world, defines the rights and duties of neutral
nations and applies to the contestants the law
of belligerents. This is the action recom-
mended. It is in the interest of peace. It
localizes the war, restrains the power of the
conqueror, protects the livesof the vanquished,
shields non-combatants from the penalties of
war, extends the authority of neutrals, and
substitutes for the rapine and murder of bar-
barous ages the restraints which are now every-
where enforced by Christian nations. We
believe this recognition to be consistent with
our obligations to Spain, with the law of na-
tions, the interests of humanity, the law of
justice, and to be demanded by every consid-
eration of private and public duty.
The recognition of existing war in Cuba by
the United States can give no just cause of
offense to Spain. The Spanish Government
recognized the rebellion against the United
States sixty-five days after the first shot was
fired against Fort Sumter, and before a single
life had been sacrificed by the armed forces of
the contesting parties. The United States
made no protest against the Spanish proclam-
ation, which several times described the rebels
as "belligerents," but commended it as a
" friendly action."
Mexico, Chili, and Colombia have already
recognized the Cubans as entitled to the rights
of belligerents under the laws of war, without
protest on the part of Spain. Peru has recog-
nized Cuba as an independent State; yet Spain,
so far from considering this action as cause of
war, discontinued the war which she had long
waged against Peru, claiming, even against the
protest of Peru, that " the war with that Power
was ended," and that Spain could not "be
induced to recommence it." (Ex. Doc., 160,
page 51.)
It is not to be assumed that the United
States, which suffers from the contest in Cuba
more than any other nation, can be deprived
of rights which every other American State is
at liberty to exercise, not only without disturb-
ing its peace, but without protest or complaint
on the part of Spain.
It is not the province of this report to spec-
ulate upon the probable result of the contest
in Cuba; but, after a careful survey of the sit-
uation, it will not be found to be more des-
perate or doubtful, in the view of its enemies,
than the American Revolution, as regarded by
the best and firmest of its friends, Edmund
Burke, nearly two years after the Declaration
of Independence, when we had received, with
two exceptions, the friendly recognition of every
European Government.
" The affairs of America," said ^Ir. ISurke. "seem
to be drawing to a crisis. The 11 owes are at this time
in possession of, or able to awe, the whole middle
coast of America, from Delaware to the western
boundary of Massachusetts bay; the naval barrier
on the side of Canada is broken. Agicat tract is
open lor the supply of the troops. The river Hudson
opens a way into the lieart of the provinces, and
nothing can in all probability prevent an early and
offensive campaign. What the Americans have done
is, in their circumstances, truly astomshing; it is,
iudced, infinitely more than I expected from them;
But, having done so much tor some short tniic, x
began to etueyt;'in opinion tlrir thev ni'ght >}'.>
more. It is now, however, evident that they cannot
look standing armies in the face. They are inferior
m everything, even in numbers. There seem by the
best accounts not to be above ten or twelve thousand
men at most in their grand army. The rest are
militia, and not wonderfully well composed or dis-
ciplined. They decline a general engagement; pru-
dently enough, if their object had boen to make tho
war attend upon a treaty of good terms of subjection ;
but when they look further this will not do. An army
that is obliged at all times and in all situations to
decline an engagement may delay their ruin, but can
never defend their country."—fiurke's Works, vol.
5, p. 125.
The following statement was prepared in
February by the direction of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and is now presented to the
House in support of the resolutions which have
been reported:
or:JOix or the contest.^
The present struggle for independence in
Cuba originated exclusively with the Cubans,
and in no manner, directly or indirectly, from
the intervention of the people or Governments
of foreign States. Upon receiving telegraphic
intelligence of the revolution of the 29th Sep-
tember, 18G8, in Spain, they sought, by a
formal adhesion to the new Government of the
mother country, to obtain an extension of their
political rights. To prevent an appeal to arms
on the part of those distant from the capital
still loyal to Spain a large number of influen-
tial and wealthy Cubans endeavored to obtain
from General Lersundi an assurance that the
Cubans were not to be, as in former revolu-
tions, deprived of the privileges which the new
Government was expected to confer upon the
Spanish nation. Their appeal, made to avoid
bloodshed, was insolently repelled, and all
expectation that Cubans would participate in
the advantages of the revolution was denied
them. They asked the privilege of popular
meetings for the discussion of public questions
and the measures best calculated to secure to
the Cuban people the benefits of the advanced
political creed which had been proclaimed by
the revolutionary Government of Spain, but
the Captain General decided that such meet-
ings wrre improper. "No convictions," he
said, " were gained by debate, and sometimes
the sacrifice of a few lives would save greater
and more painful losses." (Doc. 160, page—.)
His action received the approval of the Span-
ish ministry, and the war ensued. It is of such
events that revolutions are born, and from such
seed sprung the present contest for liberty in
Cuba.
The people rose under Cespedes, at Yara, in
October, 1868. A convention, of which Ces-
pedes was president, assembled at Guaimaro
the 10th of April, 1869. A constitution was
adopted and officers of government elected.
The island was divided into four States, Ori-
ente, Camaguay, Las Villas, and Occidente.
Three of them, which cover three quarters of
tile territory, and contain a million of people,
or two thirds of the population, are now mainly
under the control of the Cubans. Each State
has a civil government, and is subdivided into
districts, prefectsliips, and sub-prefectships,
with officers chosen by the people.
The Government thus improvised was not
without legitimate popnlar foundation. Its
elective constituencies were based upon long-
existing, benevolent, secret associations, which
naturally attracted and faithfully represented
tliat portion of the people who had been ex-
cluded from favor and power by the Spanish
authorities. Such imperfect organizations often
represent popular opinion better than the ordi-
nary elections of established political societies.
It is this fact, perhaps, which recently led Cap-
tain General de Itodas to bring those still exist-
ing in Cuba under the harsh edicts of his
relentless administration.
'•The reference!! are to the pages of the correspond-
ence transmitted to the House
March, 1870, Executive Document Iso. 1W, except
"Where other authorities are specified.
