1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
ing out the columns numbers three, four, five,
and six, and inserting in lieu thereof the lines
which I will ask the Clerk to read. The amend-
ment is. offered upon a suggestion from the
Commissioner of Agriculture, who thinks the
classification will be improved by the change.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out on page 29, schedule three, "statistics
of agriculture;" undor the heading "The farm, its
condition and value," the words "cultivated; not
cultivated; wood-land; uncultivated pasture and
uninclosed prairie;" and in lieu thereof insert the
following: 'tilled; untilled; aoresinfarm; mowed;
pastured as in commons; woodland; acres (included
in the preceding.)"
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I suggest that these schedules be considered as
separate sections.
Mr. JENCKES. I have a motion to strike
them all out.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object to their
consideration as a whole.
The CHAIRMAN. They will be considered
as one section for the purpose of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Rhode Isl&nd.
Mr. JENCKES. I move the following
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
. After tho word "the," in lino one, insert " Super-
intendent of tho Census shall prepare and distribute
to the district superintendents and others aut hovized
and required to make enumeration of the people to
collect the;" afterthc word " act." in lino three, in-
sert ' suitable blank forms and schedules calling for
such information, and each particular thereof, ar-
ranged so that tho results ean he collected, classified,
tabulate'!, and reported within the period IHod bv
this act;" and striko out all after tho word "act-"
so that it will read:
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, That tile Super-
intendent of the Census shall prepare and distribute
t o the district superintendents and others authorized
and required to make the enumeration of tho peoplo
and to collect tho statistical information, to bo
obtained m accordance with tho provisions of this
act, suitable blank forms and schedules calling for
such information, and each particular thereof ar-
ranged so that the results can bo collated, olassificd,
tabulated, and reported within the period fixed bv
this act.
Mr. JENCKES. I will waive my motion to
strike out for the present so that amendments
may be made to the schedule.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the ques-
tion will be taken first on the amendment of
the gentleman from Rhode Island. Action on
that amendment will settle the course to be pur-
sued hereafter. If the House proposes to adopt
his amendment, then any time spent on these
schedules will be wasted. If it does not pro-
vail, then wo can proceed to consider the
schedules.
Mr. CONGER. If the amendment of the
gentleman from Rhode Island does not prevail
will these schedules then be open to amend-
ment?
The CHAIRMAN. They will. i
Mr. CONGER. Then if tho motion to strike ;
out prevails they will not be open to amend- J
ment? ;
The CHAIRMAN. If the motion to strike !
out prevails it would not be in order to move
to amend the schedules stricken out. If the
gentleman has an amendment to the schedules
that will be first in order.
_ Mr. JENCKES. In that view I proposed to
yield to amendments of the schedules.
Mr. HALDEMAN. 1 have an amendment
to propose to the schedules.
The CHAIRMAN. That will take prece-
dence of the amendment of the gentleman from
Rhode Island.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I prefer to have my
amendmentconsidered now, so that the sched-
ules may be perfected before we are called
on to strike them- out. My amendment is,
to insert between columns thirteen and four-
teen of the population schedule a column on
earnings, under which I propose to obtain the j
meome from weekly and annual wages from !
salary from profession or trade. 1 urge it the J
more strenuously now because I consider it a !
very important subject. I
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman add in- !i
come from other sources, so that if a person
! possess a little property it may appear ?
Mr. HALDEMAN. I have no objection to
that. The motion ofthegentleman from Rhode
Island makes it still it more imperative that I
should insist upon my amendment now. That
which I desire to ascertain is not asked in the
present schedule and I do not know that it
would be asked by the Superintendent of the
Census. Idesire an expression of opinion and
vote by this House on it.
Mr. Chairman, I propose that between col-
umns thirteen and fourteen of the population
schedule we insert a column headed earnings,
under which those receiving a certain amount
from wages shall name it, and with the distin-
guishing letter W -r those receiving a certain
amount from salary shall name it with the dis-
tinguishing letter S, those receiving a certain
amount of professional income shall name it
with the distinguishing letter P, and those
receiving a certain amount from trade, shall
name it with the distinguishing letter T.
My first argument in favor of the insertion
of this column in the population schedule is,
that you have soughtto obtain the income from
labor in the agricultural schedule No. 3, in the
manufacturing, mechanical, and mining sched-
ule, No. 4, in the schedule on fisheries, No.
5, in the schedule for mercantile or trading
establishments, No. 6, in the schedule for
social statistics, No. 7, whether of teachers or
of preachers, and in schedule No. 7, for the
charitable, sanitary, reformatory, and penal
institutions ; and that having sought to obtain
this information in various subdivisions of the
great subject, you should attempt to obtain it
' as a whole, and through that schedule which
is designed to reach all the peoplo in their
various occupations and pursuits, and whether
included in some of those subdivisions named
or not. My sccond argument is that the in-
formation 1 seek was partially sought by the
census of 1850 and 1800, in the schedules of
industry and otherwise; and that he whose
| name is mostpermancntlyassociated with much
! that is good in those censuses, Mr. Kennedy,
recommends that we should obtain in the popu-
lation schedule " income from the special occu-
pation or profession by which the people are
returned." No man can accuse Mr. Kennedy
of recommending wild attempts at innovation
upon the bill witli which his fame is connected,
nor can he be accused of a readiness to sacri-
fice practicability to a vague desire of obtaining
impossible statistics.
My third argument is that that portion of the
census effort of 1850 and 1800 which has re-
ceived the highest commendations of statistical
congresses and statists of Europe, and which
they are yetseekiug and advising the imitation
of, is our attempt to ascertain the aggregate
wealth of this country and its aggregate income
by classes, in a census. Without referring to
previous reports of statistical congresses, I
hold in my hand the Project of Programme of
the statistical congress which was held at the
Hague in September last. It was prepared by
the able Mr. Baumhauer, and furnished the
j skeleton upon which their work was divided
j and debates conducted. To the third section |
! or committee was given the subject of finance, j
! and under it the most important topic was con- !
sidered to be the annual revenue of a nation j
and ils taxes. Under the head of the annual ]
revenue of a nation the Project of Programme !
says: j
."The congress of statistics at Viennainl857 occu-
pieditself seriously wi^h thcfinancial question, with
the mteruationa* object of comparing the sum total
ot public expenditures in cacli country with tho
number of inhabitants per capita. This comparison
only acquires all ir : economical value when v,-c know
tho financial resources of its inhabitants. The public
revenue, or the revenue of tho State, the depart-
ments or provinces, tho communes and other public
establishments is only a portion of that mass of val-
ue, the pioduct of the work of the totality of its
citizens, which is designated under tho name of
tuo national revenue. This revenue is tho annual
harvest whenco tnc State, mandatory of all tho pro-
ducers, takesmthefirstplacoaportionforthepublic .
service. After having fixed tho proportion of tax 'I
we must then try to estimate tho value of the harvest.
Even with approximative results tho effort is not
without utility, since tho solution depends less upon
positive figures than upon an approximation or pro-
portional figures. Although not rigorously exact, a
similar method applied from year to year or period-
ically may enable us to appreciate the degree of
increase or decrease in the well-being of the whole
of a people."
Further on the Project of Programme says:
" Among tho. efforts to arrive at a solution"—
Of this fundamental question—•
" it is sufficient to name tho English researches, the
periodical labors respecting the situation of the em-
pire in France, of the kingdom in Belgium, and,
above all, the decennial researches in the United
States, which are an inventory in detail containing
a valuation of the crude material, the buildings, the
machines, tho other instruments of production, the
sums paid in salary, the value of the object fabri-
cated in the different branches of industry," &c.
My fourth argument is, that there is a strong
belief, especially in the western, middle, and
southern States that our system of finance,
whether wittingly or unwittingly, is calculated
for the benefit of the capitalists and the injury
of the laboring people. When our immense
national debt yields an interest of from six to
ten per cent., and the one thousand eight hun-
dred national banks are earning from ten to
twenty per cent, on their capital stock, it is
believed that the laboring man is being impov-
erished, and accumulated capital unduly fos-
tered. This feeling is producing wide-spread
dissatisfaction, and that dissatisfaction is just.
This Government was not founded for the pur-
pose of building up mammoth corporations,
giant capitalists, or wealthy classes, but it was
founded by the people and for the people. And
if it ba true that the wealth of the whole land
is Being sapped up by, and goes to increase
the accumulated wealth of the cities and the
few, then is this Government failing in the
object for which it was founded. For, in the
words of an honest man, an accurate scholar
and able thinker of whom the present agitators
in New England are but as copper change for
a piece of good gold coin, Theodore Parker,
who says:
" That is not tho most successful nation which has
| an exceptional class of men, highly cultured, well-
! bodied, well-minded, well-born, well-bred, at tho
. ono end ofsocicty; and at tho other a mighty multi-
I tude, an instantial class, poor, ill-born, ill-bred, ill-
I bodied, and ill-minded too, as in England; but that
I is tho most successful nation which has tho whole
body of its peoplo well-born, woll-bred, well-bodied
I and well-minded too; and those are the bestinsti-
! tutions which accomplish this best; those worst,
I wluch accomplish it least."
j Mr. Chairman, the power, greatness, true
happiness and glory of a people do not so
much depend upon the aggregate of its wealth
as upon its equal distribution. England has
a commerce of $2,500,000,000 of imports
and exports, and her annual income, of which
$1,575,000,000 are earned in weekly wages by
the laboring classes, is $4,000,000,000. Yet,
notwithstanding this vastincome ancTconstantly
increasing wealth, the number of her paupers
increases even more rapidly. In 1844 the num-
ber of confirmed paupers was 800,000, and
they cost £4,970,000; in 18S4 the number was
864,000, and tho expenditure was £5,232,000;
in 1864 the paupers had risen to 1,014,000, and
the expenditure to £6,423,000; and in 1867
there were 1,040,000 paupers, and their cost was
<£6,939,000. In the last seven years the popu-
lation had increased seven per cent, j the num-
ber of paupers had increased nine per cent. ;
and there was an increase in the expenditure
of thirty per cent. In England and Wales there
are, at the present moment, one million of
a.ctual and "systematic" paupers ; half a mil-
lion of the loose and dangerous classes ; one
million on the verge of pauperism, dependent
part of their time on charity; and another mil-
lion and a half of workmen and laborers who
depend upon odd jobs and chance employment
for a livelihood.
Were the vast wealth of England equally dis-
tributed it would, in proportion to its numbers,
be the most powerful and truly great people
under the sun ; for this equal distribution would
result in healthy and comfortable food and
