1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2413
Tiip committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 48, noes G8.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to substitute for
the pending clause, as amended, the following:
" on sugars of all kinds, 2 cents per pound."
The CHAIRMAN. That proposition is not
now in order, haying already been rejected by
the committee.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Not in the form in which
I now move it, I believe.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that it has been offered in that precise form and
rejected. It is not now in order.
No further amendment was offered.
The Clerk read as follows:
On clarified sugar, 3 cents per pound.
_ Mr. ALLISON. _ I move to amend the clause
just read by striking out "3" and inserting
"2}." According to the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lynch] I have made a mistake
in supposing that I was making these amend-
ments in the interest of consumers; that the
Committee of Ways and Means have rather
been endeavoring to cheapen sugar, while I
have been working here in the interests of his
constituents, of the constituents of the gentle-
man from Philadelphia, [Mr. Kelley,] and of
those other gentlemen who have constituents
interested in refining sugar. Now, if gentle-
men are in earnest in this thing I ask them to
submit to what the sugar refiners themselves
ask of us ; that is, to a difference of half a
cent per pound. The committee have reported
in favor of giving them a difference of 1 cent
per pound on this class of sugar. Now, 1
propose to give them half a cent per pound,
so that the consumers can receive clarified
sugars without giving the refiners more than
half a cent per pound upon this particular
class of cheap sugar, which is manufactured
here or abroad by a cheap process of manu-
facture. I propose that these refiners shall
have half a cent per pound in the nature of
protection, and that we shall not be compelled
to pay half a cent per pound more than that
because of the artificial process this sugar goes
through.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is true that the sugar
refiners askbut "half a cent per pound more'
but halfa cent more than what? Halfacentmoro
than a classification entirely different from that
which has been made. Fortunately I hold in
my hand the evidence of what they want, with
their signatures to it. What it's it? Here it is:
Schedule of duties on sugar import*.
There shall bo levied, collected, and paid on—
CWs'l—Raw sugar.
i/roj>':-:i\<[ Pre^nt
diuu.
On all sugar not above Mo. 12 Dutch
standard in color cts. ') ets.
On Muscovado sugar above Jf o. 12 and
- not above No.15 Dutch standard m
color   oct*. cts
On Muscovado sugar above No. 15 and
pot above Ho. 20 Dutch standard in
color Zl cts. 4 cts.
Class 2—Clarified sugar.
On clarified sugar above No. 12 and
not above No. 15 Dutch standard in
color  3J- ct?. cts.
On clarified sugar above Ho. 15 and
not above Ho. 20 Dutch standard in
color  4 cK i eta.
Class o—Jlefined sugar.
On refined, stove-dried, in loaf, lump,
crushed, powdered, or granulated
sugar 4-i-cts. "> ct=>.
Provided that all sugar, other than refined stove-
dried, which has in the process of manufacture been
advanced in quality above raw or Muscovado by
being crystallized in a vacuum pan, or Honored in
molds, or purged in centrifugal machines, or by va-
cuum process, or littered through bonc-black or its
equivalent, shall be regarded as clarified sugar under
this act.
'JChe undersigned, sugar refiners of Philadelphia,
recommend tho above as the pro posed duty on sugars.
TAYLOR GILLESPIE & CO.,
liAUIUSON. HAVllutEMR Sc CO.,
1MCK.I5N & WILLIAMS,
DAVTS M. KEAN & CO.,
KEWIIALL, BORTE A: 00.
PniLADEtpni.t, August •{, 1S.19.
As will be seen, they propose that raw sugars
shall he divided into three classes, to he ad-
mitted at 2| cents, 3 cents, and 3J cepts duty
perpoundrespectively. Thecpmmitfee refused
that and put all the raw sugars at 2 cents BPF
pound, lower than the lowest rate the ref}ner,s
proposed. Then they come to class 2, clarinet}
sugar. They satisfied us thq.t there ougljt tq
be a classification of clarified siiggr in the ijesf
process of classification, and they ask " opjy
one half pf 1 per cent rqore." tvjiat does
that half a cent apply to ? To t$o classes of
clarified sugar, at 3J and at 4 cents per pound
respectively. Now, half a cent p,dded to 3
cents is one thing, and half a cpnt added to 4
cenfs is another thing.
Now, when the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Allison] tqlks about the difference being only
one half of 1 per cent., I call attention to tlje
fact that we take their whole classification of
raw sugars, which they put at 2J, 3, and 3J
cents per pound, and put them all down at 2
cents per pound, and then we take their clari-
fied sugar, which thpy put at Si and 4 cents
pel-pound, and put it at 3 cepts per pound,
which is lower than they ask for. There is, it
is true, considerable distinction between 2
cents per pound for raw sugar and 3 cents per
poupd for clarified sugar, which they do not
propose. Cut how is it done ? It is done by
putting the two grades of clarified sugar at 3
cents per pound*which they put at 3J and 4
cents per pound, and then taking the three
classes or grades of raw sugar which they put
at 2}, 3, and SJ cents per pound, and putting
them all down at 2 ccnts per pound. Uy this
process we have made a wider difference be-
tween raw sugar and clarified sugar than they
did ; but in both instances we propose a reduc-
tion below the present rato pn both raw and
clarified sugar, and quite a reduction below
anything that the refiners ask.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. 1 move to amend
the amendment so as to make the rate 2} cents
per pound. I do not propose to discuss further
the question as to what ought to be f he duty on
sugar. The particular point to which 1 call
the attention of the committee is that the rela-
tive reduction proposed is not what the require-
ments of the country, and particularly the
interests of the Pacific coast, demand. The
present tariff on raw or Muscovado sugar, as
gentlemen all understand, is 3 cents a pound.
The existing tariff pn clarified sugars is 3^ cents
a pound. The committee propose to reduce the
duty on raw sugars to 2 cents and on clarified
sugars to 3 cents per pound, being a reduction j
of 1 cent on the raw sugar and 1} cent on the clari • |
fied sugar. Now, Mr. Chairman, I affirm that !
such a graduation of the tariff is in Ihe interest [
of the sugar refiner, and this will be felt particu- !|
larlyon thcPacificcoast. 1 wish to callattcntion |J
of the committee to tho state of facts existing |>
there. We receive a very large amonut of our ||
sugars from the Sandwich Islands. Under the
tariff now proposed the sugar refiner will pay
2 cents per pound on his raw sugar. The
farmer or the importer who wishes to use tho
clarified sugar, as it is called, will pay 3 ceuts.
The result will be to require all the people of j
the Pacific coast to buy all their sugars of the j;
sugar refiners, of whom there are only two or !
three on the entire coast. i
At the present time, under tho existing tariff j!
law, the State of Oregon and the Territory of l:
Washington have a considerable direct trade r
with the Sandwich Islands. This proposed j
alteration of the Uuv will exclude from our j
markets all or nearly all of the clarified sugar ,
so called, and wi'il require all the people of j
Orcgoiij as well as of Washington and Idaho j.
Territories, to go to San Fi ancisco to buy refined ; ■
sugars of the sugar refiners there. It will not |
only do this; it will not only make (50,000 ji
people on tho Pacific coast tributary to two or |.
three sugar refiners, but it will throw the entire !
import trade in sugars into the hands of those !
same rtfiuers. The difference of 1 cent a pound ;j
in the duty will prevent the ordinary importer ji
from importing sugar. The only sale for any {I
article qf a lower grade than this clarified
st)g$r }s to the refiner, who will not buy it of
the importer, for hs can import it himself as
eneaply as the importer can. Hence, the result
of the arrangement now proposed will 'to pot
QuJy to reqairf the people of the Pasige coast
to buy all their sugars of these two oji three
refiners, but to permit them to import all the
sugars used op that coast.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from. Oregon, [Mr. Smith,"] for whose
judgment I have the highest respect, resulting
from very considerable pleasant intercourse
with him, in which many of the questions likely
to come before the House were more or less
discussed, is utideramisapprehension with ref-
erence to the provisions ot this bill. By a par-
agraph already adopted we haye thrown in the
category of sugars paying 2 cents a pound much
sugar which has been heretofore imported at 8
cents a pound, and some which has been im-
ported at 81 cents. Under tho present law we
have four rates of duty—8 cents, 3i cents, 4
cents, and 5 cents. The committee propose,
as I have already said, to reduce the classifica-
tion and the rates of duty ; to reduce to 2 cents
the duty on all that sugar which now pays 8
cents, and no inconsiderable part of that which
pays Si ccnts. The chairman of the commit-
tee suggests to me that about one third of the
sugar now paving 33 ceuts is reduced to 2.
Mr. ALLISON. Less than 1Q per cent.
Mr. KELLEY. Now, we propose that the
remaining portion of the sugar now paying Si
cents and all the sugar now paying 4 cents shall
pay but 3 cents. Thus, it will be seen, we pro-
pose a reduction of 1A cent on a largo quantity
of sugar, a reduction of half a cent on another
given quantity, and a reduction of 1 cent on the
remainder. Thus every grade of sugar will be
cheapened to every consumer in the country ;
for the arrangement proposed by the committee
paves the way for a reduction of from 5 to 4cents
upon tho otilv remaining class. And such is
the competition among importers, refiners,
sugar-boilers, and merchants that on this com-
modity the public must feel tho benefit of every
reduction. The bill proceeds to define what
are refined sugars. I invite the attention of
gentlemen to this definition ki the next para-
graph :
On refined sugar, stove-dried, in loaf, lump,
crushed, puwUered or granulated, -i cent-; per puuud.
What are clarified sugars? The definition
will bo found in the proviso:
Provided, That all sugar other l.iulp refined stove-
dried which has been advanccditi quality above So.
12 Dutch standard in color, by being boiled in a
vacuum ;>;:n, or crystalized in a vac tram pan, or
clayed, or liyuorpd in molds, or purged m centrif-
ugal machines, or by vacuum pioecss, ui filtered
through-bone hbict: or its equivalent, shall bo
regarded as clarified sucar.
Now, it taxes, as I have already said, all
that class of partially manufactured sugar at
the rats of 3 cents per pound. None of them
come in under the existing tariff at less than
GJ cents, while many of them pay 4 cents per
pound.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. The point to which
I wish to call the gentleman's attention is this:
on our coast we have two grades of sugar
coming from the Sandwich Islands, one of
which pays 3 cents per pound duty, while the
other pays 3-3- cents. You reduce the tariff I
cent per pound on that which pays 3 cents,
while you reduce the tariff on the other grade
only one half cent. The point I make is that the
reduction is not in the same proportion on tin-
two classes of tho sugar.
Mr. KELLEY. I apprehend there are im-
ported from tho Sandwich Islands—indeed, I
know the fact—sugars which pay the 4 emits
duty, because by these processes they have been
brought up to more than No. 15 Dutch stand-
ard. That being the ease, they pay 4 cents.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. That is an ex-
ceptional case, and the great buliv is as I L..yl
stated it.
Mr- KELLEY. Not exceptional at all, be-
