158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
dwellings and in education and rational life,
which would in turn be followed by a largely
diminished mortality in the sensitive years of
childhood, in a much longer duration of the pro-
ductive periods of life, and a general increase of
the average life of a generation. I want, there-
fore, to ascertain what progress has been made
toward the building up of distinctive poor and
rich classes in this country; Iwantto learn, by
obtaining through this censusan estimate of the
weekly wages from labor, trade, profession, or
salary, what classes are earning in this coun-
try, and how much they are taxed on tea, cof-
fee, their utensils, and otherwise, in proportion
to their weekly or annual income ; for just
taxation must be apportioned according to the
ability to bear; and I do not like, Mr. Chair-
man, the tendency of things recently exempli-
fied at a celebration in New York, whereat
assisted the men most eminent in finance and
trade, in the pulpit or press, at the bar, on the
bench, or in politics, because it was the glori-
fication of a man who has become rich in the
same measure that the masses have been im-
poverished. The celebration was a measure
of the false and deadly ideas now so prevalent,
and tells us who are here to legislate for the
people under a republican form of government
to beware how we legislate for classes who
might become so rich as to render a republican
form of government an impossibility. It may
be that this attempted apotheosis of a living
railroad king instead of being a monument of
glory for a successful speculator and capitalist
is a monument of shame for Congress.
message troll the president. .
Here the committee rose informally; and
the Speaker having resumed the chair, a mes-
sage in writing from the President was com-
municated to the House by Mr. Horace Por-
ter, his Private Secretary.
ninth census again.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend the amend-
ment l)y striking out the last word. I hope,
Mr. Chairman, that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. ITaldeman]
will in substance be adopted. While the bill
makes provision for obtaining the statistics of
wealth and capital embarked in business, it
totally neglects any attempt to obtain the sta-
tistics of the greatest interest of this country,
which is labor.
It is true that these schedules provide that
each manufactory or mechanical establishment
shall return what sums they pay to their labor-
ers in the aggregate. Bu t no distinction is made
between the day laborer who has his two dol-
lars a day and the superintendent who has his
$20,000 a year in some cases.
I say if there is one question which more
than another is presenting itself to the states-
men of America to-day it is the question what
is the just and proper distribution of the joint
profits of labor and capital between the laborer
and the capitalist. That question has been
answered in some forms of society by the capi-
talist owning_ the laborer ; it has been answered
m some foreign countries by the capitalist say-
ing to the laborer, " I will give you justenough
to keep you from starving, as I do to my horse
or my oxen, and that is all I will give.''
Now, the American laborer confronts his
employer m this way: he says, "I know I
cannot stop to* bargain with you, because the
day s labor which I have got to sell will pass
away, will be consumed if I delay to discuss
with you your offer of wages. I cannot, wait
to do this while my family is starving j but I
present myself to you with a vote in my hand,
and I say to you that unless you divide justly
and fairly I will shake to pieces your institu-
tions ; I will make your laws; I will tax your
property as to me seems best." Now, the
American laborer when he takes this ground
must be met with such facts, with such argu-
ments, with such statistics as will appeal to his
sense of justice and sense of truth ; and the
statistics asked for in the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Haldeman]
will imperfectly but in a degree enable us to
answer the question to which I have referred;
that is, it will enable us to see whether to-day
the profits of American industry are divided
between the laborer and the capitalist in such
proportion that after the capitalist has received
a just interest and insurance on his capital, and
after he has received his own fair compensation
as a skilled laborer and superintendent, the rest
of the profit is divided substantially among the
laborers. If that be found to be true, this move-
ment which is pressing upon us will cease. If
it be found to be untrue, it will continue until
the state of things I have pointed out shall exist
and be recognized. I trust the amendment
will be adopted. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
The question being taken on Mr. Halde-
man's amendment, it was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would pro-
pose that the committee now take a vote at
once on the amendment of the gentleman from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Jenckes.]
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Rhode Island proposes to strike out all
the schedules and leave it to the superintend-
ent to arrange the schedules. I am opposed
to his proposition, and I want to get the decis-
ion of the committee on it that we may know
whether our time in discussing these schedules
is being wasted or not.
Mr. CONGER. I object.
Mr. ARNELL. I move to amend schedule
No. 1, on page 28, by inserting between col-
umns seventeen and eighteen, under the head-
ing of " education," a column with the words
"persons between six; and sixteen years of
age who do not attend school during any por-
tion of the year." I think that it is desirable
to have this information, and that the proper
place for it is between columns seventeen and
eighteen, under the head of "education." I
think it is of consequence that our school
statistics should show the facts that will be
elicited by this inquiry. I hope, therefore,
that the committee will agree to the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Say "fifteen"
years of age instead of "sixteen."
Mr. ARNELL. I consent to that.
Mr. WILKINSON. It seems to me that it
would be better to have this in schedule seven,
under the heading '1 statistics of education.''
Mr. ARNELL. I think it, comes in more
properly in the family schedule.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not insist on the
change.
The amendment was agreed to; the word
" fifteen" being substituted for the word " six-
teen."
Mr. ARNELL. I move to amend schedule
No. 1, at page 28, by inserting after the word
''relative," incolumn four, the word " appren-
tice." I think the information to be obtained
in that column will be a little more full and
definite if the word " apprentice" is added.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROGERS. I offer the following amend-
ment :
After column fourteen, schedule one, p;u;e 24, add
a separate column headed as follows: " Number of
citizens oi.the United States denied ihu ught to vote
because of their participation in the late rebellion."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope that will
not bo put in the bill. ,
Mr. ROGERS. My attention has been called j
to this matter by column fifteen, where inform- !
ation of a similar character is sought, and I I
have thought this amendment right and proner I
in view of the little that seems to be known j
upon the part of many gentlemen as to how I
many men in the United States are denied the |
right to vote because of participation in the
rebellion. Many gentlemen have said that the
fourteenth amendment does not exclude men.
It does not after the States have been recog-
nized as States in the Union, but the constitu-
tions of many.of the States prohibit from voting
those who were originally prohibited by the
fourteenth amendment, and other exactions
have been made beyond what the fourteenth
amendment contained. I propose in a short
way to get at the number of men disfranchised
because of their participation in the rebellion
as a matter of political history, so that the
people of the country may see that a large
number of men—some of them the best citizens
in the community—are denied the right to par-
ticipate in the legislation which is to tax them
and govern them.
Now, sir, I want this information for the
reasons I have stated and for another reason.
These men are denied the right to participate
in making the laws which are to govern, not
only themselves, but me, and I consider that
if these restrictions were removed the legis-
lation of the State in which I live would be
very mnch better than it is, not only for those
who are proscribed, but for myself and for the
whole people.
I heard the other day with great pleasure
the remarks of a gentleman here about the
great fundamental principles which govern
representation and taxation, and it carried me
back to the days when these noble men, armed
with this great idea, came together and gave
us the liberty which we have to-day of being
in this Hall and legislating for this now vast
country. I say that many of the men who
are proscribed are the best men we have, and
by reason of the abridgment of their right to
vote in the State of Arkansas to-day under the
existing rule the rate of taxation upon the
valuation of the property of the people amounts
to from five and a half to six per cent., and
this valuation is made by men appointed by
the Governor, having four years to serve, and
having a compensation out of the amount of
taxes levied and assessed upon the people.
I want the country to know just exactly the
number of men thus proscribed by the consti-
tutions of the States of this Union. I think it
is an eminently proper inquiry. Every man
desires this information. No one can tell
to-day how many men are disfranchised. Gen-
tlemen on the Democratic side of the House
charge that there are many more perhaps than
there really are, while gentlemen on the Re-
publican side say that the number is much
smaller. I propose as a matter of political his-
tory to have this information taken accurately.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I trust this amend-
ment will not prevail. To know how many men
are excluded from voting on account of parti-
cipation in the rebellion might be a piece of
curious information, and perhaps interesting,
but I can see no special statistical value that
would result from the obtaining of it; and
moreover it would be rather an offensive thing,
it seems to me, to put that question to people
when there is no requirement in the Constitu-
tion and no necessity to put the inquiry. I
hope the amendment will not prevail.
The question was taken on Mr. Roger's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move, in order
to correct a clerical omission, to insert in the
fifteenth column of the schedule, between the
words " under" and " year,'' the word '' one.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the third schedule.
Mr. JENCKES. Before leaving this schedulS
t I wish to ask the ^gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
| Garfield] a question. I see that the eighteenth
| and nineteenth columns of the first schedule
; require the value of real estate owned. I would
I ask the gentleman whether he expects to require
I from each person with whom these schedules
I are left an explicit answer to each one of these
! interrogatories?
_ Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is what
is required, and that is what was required at
the last census.
Mr. JENCKES. That is one of the reasons
why I move to strike them out.
