2414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
cause the processes of the vacuum-pan and the
centrifugal machine are in as full force in the
Sandwich Islands as in any other sugar pro-
ducing country in the world.
[Here the hammer fell,]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentleman
from Oregon will withdraw his amendment,
I will renew it.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I withdraw my
amendment on that condition.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I renew it. Mr.
Chairman, I wish to call the attention of the
committee for one moment to what seems to
be an unpleasant difference between two mem-
bers of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and which to some extent may be misleading
members of the Committee of the Whole. The
chairman of theCommittee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Schenck] insists that the amendmentpro-
posed by the gentlemen from Iowa [Mr. Alli-
son] is in the interest, whether intended or not,
of the refiners. Thegentleman from Iowa him-
self insists that not to adopt hia amendment, is
to legislate in favor of the refiners. Hera is a
radical difference between two members of the
Committee of Ways and Means, who are sup-
posed to have studied the matter carefully with
all the lights before them. Without under-
taking to settle that matter at all I do desire to
call the attention of the committee to the sim-
ple point in reference to the clause we are now
discussing: "On clarified sugar, 3 cents per
pound."
The term " clarified sugar" has hitherto been
understood to cover a large number of classes
of sugar and as defined in the very bill before
us to be not one, but five or six different kinds
of products produced by different processes.
The first effect of this bill is to throw all these
into one and under the name of clarified sugar
to subject them all to one duty, namely, a duty
of 3 cents per pound. The gentleman from
Iowa says that is too high. He affirms it ought
not to be more than 2}, if the sugars provided
for in the preceding line are put down at 2,
and he alleges, in defense of his proposition,
that the refiners of New York say only a half
cent of difference is needed. The chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means presents a
paper from the refiners of Philadelphia, which
seems to say that more than a half cent is
needed. I have the paper of the gentleman
from Iowa, which has the name of twenty-five
importers and the names of twelve refiners on
it, and they affirm in this paper that they want
a half cent per pound more in consequence of
this arrangemeut. There seems, then, to bo a
difference of authority on which those two
gentleman rely. But that difference can be
settled, and not having gone into the intricacies
of the subject lying behind it, I wish to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
two questions. First, whatisthe costofrawand
certain other sugars on which he levies 2 cents
per pound; and second, what is the cost of the
clarified sugar on which he proposes to put 3
cents? Giving us these two elements, does he
think there should bo a higher duty of GO per
cent, on one than on the other? If one de-
serves 50 per cent, higher than the other let it
be shown and we can settle the question at once.
But no one yet in this debate has stated the cost
of the two sugars, the cost of making or their
cost in market, while we have been discussing
whether theyshould be 2} or 3 cents per pound.
Two and a half cents would be right enough, if
the facts behind it should sustain that decision.
Three cents would be right enough, if that is
the relative value of the two kinds of sugar.
The committee by this bill have broken up the
old classification. They ought to show us the
relative values of the different kinds of sugar
under the new classification. If they did this,
I might bo more disposed to go with them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. _ i do not know whether
1 know loss about arithmetic than other gentle-
men. Butit does appear to me that the argument
of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison]
and apparently that of my colleague [Mr. Gab-
field] is very disingenuous. First, in the
memorial of the refiners, which he cites as his
authority, there is melada, which we do not
count, because that is put one quarter cent
below "the lowest class of sugars. You come
then to sugars. None of the refiners have
sought or expected to have the duty on raw
sugars go below 2 cents. But they make five
classes. On the lowest class they propose 2
cents; on the noxt class one half cent more j
on the next one half cent more than that; on the
next the same ; and on the next one half cent
more than that, and, when they get up to the
fifth class they will have advanced from 2
cents to 2J, 3, 3.V, and 4 cents. On clarified
sugar they propose to put only one half cent
more than on the classes which they rank as
raw. We have thus the views of the refiners ex-
plained over their own signatures. They begin
in this scheme at 2 cents, and then they go on to
2J-, 3, cents, and to !>J cents for theraw. Now
the committee propose to put all the grades of
raw sugar down to 2 cents. The refiners make
two classcs of clarified sugars, on one of which
they propose a duty of 3 J cents and on the other
4 cents, which are the present rates on these
same sugars. They want the,raw sugar to be
put down, but they do not want their own re-
lined sugars to be down in the same ratio. We
say to them: "That will not do; wo put the
raw sugardown, but wo do not put it down for
your benefit exclusively. We put it down for
the benefit of the consumers of the country;
and then we bring down your clarified sugars
also in the same proportion." They ask for
duties of 3.V cents and 4 cents on clarified, and
we put the whole down at 3 cents.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 withdraw the
amendment lo the amendment.
Mr. JUDD. I renew it.
message from the senate.
Here the committee rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
was received from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, informing the House that the
Senate had appointed Messrs. Wilson, Cam-
eron, Trumbull, Tiiayjsr, Warner, and Cas-
seuly to be the committee on the part of the
Senate to attend the funeral of Major General
George II. Thomas.
TAJUi'F bill.
The Committee of the Whole resumed the
consideration of the tariff bill.
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Chairman, I have listened
to this debate with a very great interest, and
have endeavored to obtain all the information
I could on the subject, so that I might obtain
an accurate acquaintance with the facts enter-
ing into the determination of the question. I
have not heard in this discussion any statement
of what it costs to refine these sugars, or to
subject them to such a process of manufacture
that they shall pass from one class to the other.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that should be an import-
ant pointin determining the difference between
raw sugar and clarified sugar. As 1 understand
the argument of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, it makes no difference to
the refiner what the duty is on raw sugar; the
duty is not put on raw sugar to protect the
refiner; it is either high or low for the benefit of
the consumer. The refiner then wants, after
getting back the duty on the raw material,
enough more to compensate him for his labor.
If I am right in this view, then it makes no
difference to the refiner whether the duty is 2
cents or 3 cents on the raw material. He gets
it back in either case and sells the article at
such a higher price as to afford him compensa-
tion for his labor. The question then recurs,
how much will pay him tor his labor? The
New York refiners think one half of a cent per
pound will be sufficient. The Philadelphia
refiners think three fourths of a cent per pound
will pay them. Who, then, will contend here
that there is required a difference of 1 cent
between the duty paid on the raw material and,
the duty on clarified or refined sugars? I am
anxious for information on this question, and
1 desire to know whether any gentleman on
this floor has information showing that 1 cent
Fer pound is necessary to protect the refiner.
repeat again that it makes no difference to
the refiner whether he pays upon the raw ar-
ticle a duty of 3 cents or 2 cents, because he
charges it to the consumer, and it does makea
a difference to the consumer whether he pay.*?
2 cents or 3 cents. The question,then, is whether
1 percent, is necessary to pay for the labor that
he does on the raw material when he gets it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
oppose the amendment to the amendment, and
to sustain the amendment of the gentleman
from l'owa, [Mr. Allison.] I would like, if
I could, to agree upon this question with the
Committee of Ways and Means. I admit that
it is somewhat difficult for gentlemen who are
not experts in this matter, who are not refiners
or importers, to understand the bearings of the
question before the committee. But lam sat-
isfied that the operation of this bill, as reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means, would
be just what was slated by the gentleman
from Oregon, [Mr. Smith ;] it would be to pass
all the imported sugars that come into this
country through the hands of the refiners. The
people of this country would be compelled to
pay tribute to the sugar refiners, and scarcely
one pound of sugar would be imported under
the classification of "clarified sugars" if the
duty were put at 3 cents per pound. One
eighth per cent, some say, and some say one
fourth per cent., would amply pay the refiners
for the work they do in refining the sugars that
come under the first classification, or sugars
that are brought into the country for the pur-
pose of refining, the Muscovado and those
under No. 12 Dutch standard. They are
not sugars that go into the market for con-
sumption. It is sugar above No. 12 that,
the people use, and if you make 1 cent per
pound or 50 per ccnt. difference in the duties
upon the coarse sugars and upon the clari-
fied sugars, the result will be that the refiners
will import all those of the lower class and
refine tnem and undersell the importers of
clarified sugars; or, in other words, the import-
ers cannot import clarified sugars and come in
competition with the refiners. The result of
the adoption of the classification of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will be to exclude
entirely from importation into this country that
class designated "clarified sugars." Only su-
gars that go into the hands of the refiners will
be imported, and the entire people of the coun-
try will be placed under tribute to them. For
that reason I shall sustain the amendment of
the gentleman from Iowa, and I think it ought
to be adopted by the committee. If I am mis-
taken in my judgment in regard to this matter
it is because I have not been able to compre-
hend the bearings of this question.
Mr. JUDD. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew it. I hold in my
hand the English tariff, which makes,aside from
molasses and cane sugar, four distinct classes,
refined sugar and sugar not equally refined,
first, second, and third class ; making such a
discrimination in favor of refined and clarified
sugars as practically gives to England the busi-
ness of refining her colonial sugar produce.
It has been explained here, both by the gentle-
man from Illinois and by the gentleman from
the Columbus district of Ohio, [Mr. Winans,]
that we import very few refined sugars. The
question for us to decide is whether this busi-
ness of refining shall be carried on in this coun-
try or in England, whether we will pay our own
people for refining the sugars that we use or pay
the English refiners. Ifgentlemen desire to pay
English workmen for refining their sugar, why
then, let them strike out all discrimination in
