5246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
have been and are now being perpetrated against the
(Government, jyho needs the proceeds of the sales of
every acre of her publicdomam to assist in the liqui-
dation of our enormous debt, and against the thou-
sands of its citizens who are anxious and willing to
take it in one hundred and sixty acre tracts as homes
for themselves and families, paying tho amount the
Government demands therefor."
I now ask attention to the following, from
the same source, and I substitute it for any
remarks of my own because it is well written
and expresses my own views. I commend it to
the gentleman from California:
" Sir : Eeferring to my former letter on the subject
of the public lands in this State, and to my communi-
cation of a later date with reference to the extensive
raid being made by speculators on the public domain,
under cover of the act of September, 1850. donating
to Arkansas 'swamp and overflowed' lands, I now
desire to state as briefly as possible the origin of the
troubles on that question in California.
"This State never formally accepted the grant of
swamp land, nor the mode of segregation adopted
by the United States; neither did the State for years
adopt any mode of her own for segregation. Form-
erly any one who could procure the affidavits ot two
persons that a certain piece of land (surveyed or
unsurveyed by the United States) was swamp and
overflowed could purchase it trorn the State and
receive a State patent. In the State courts this pio-
teeted the purchaser against all claimants, and as
each purchaser could obtain six hundred and forty
acres, it became a favorite mode of obtaining the
possession of land. When afterward tho State
appointed her county surveyors to hegregate these
lands they naturally included ail such as had been
sold by the State as swamp.
"The present Inw of the State, which has no restric-
tion as to the quantity of swamp land any one per-
son may purchase, offers thestrongestkind of induce-
ment for an extra liberal interpretation of the swamp
grant. The natural consequence is that all the rich
bottom lands of the State now being surveyed will bo
returned as'swamp and overflowed,1 as they have
all been sold by the State as swamp to purchasers
under State surveys. And right here the iniquity
of the act ot July 2o,lS6(3, to quiet land titles in Cali-
fornia, is very apparent. The preemption settle* who
desires to make a home on any public land other
than on tho hills and dry plains finds that all of tho
rich bottom lands, fitted forthecultivation of Indian
corn, potatoes, and vegetables, has been sold by tho
State as swamp land, mostly to speculators; and the
poor settler, who is simply seeking for a homestead
of one hundred and sixty acres, or, within railroad
limits, eighty acres is deterred from making a set-
tlement, for tho land shark has it in possession, pro-
tected in his claim thereto by the State of California,
under an act to quiet land titles. This act gives to
the State all of these bottom lands upon which at
the date of the act preemptors wero not living; but
the fact that by this act tho State purchasers ob-
tained lands that were not swamp but increases the
desire for more of the samo kind.
"You willsee this exemplified if you will take tho
trouble to refer to the ollicial plats of the United
States surveys for this district, at tho Department,
that have been returned since this act was parsed.
Take, for example, tho plah of townships seventeen
and eighteen north, range one west, Alt. Diablo
meridian, which were surveyed since this act passed,
and townships seventeen and eighteen north, rango
one cast, which wore surveyed and returned pnur
fo this act; place these plats together, and you will
find that the meridian for twelve miles is the exact
eastern boundary of the line of overflow.
"The fact that the oveiflow should ju<t roach tho
meridian line, and not extend beyond it for a dis-
tance of twelve miles, is a remarkable fact in the
configuration of the earth's surface, and only to be
accounted for by the fact that swamiV lands ca.n be
had from the State without restriction as to quantity,
while from the United States, if the same lands are
returned as high lands, they eon be had only after
actual settlement, and in tracts not exceeding one
hundred and sixty acres. The theory of the Arkan-
sas act appeaa-s to bo that lands that are so subject
to overflow as to render them thereby unfit for culti-
vation were granted to the State for the purpose of
enabling it to assist in their reclamation.
"We have in California immense bodies of land—
in fact the richest bottoms—subject to temporary
oveiliow at extreme high water, and other large and
"v aluablo tractssubjoct to annual overflow for a short
period at the time tho melting of the mountain snow
causes the rivers to overflow their banks. These
lands do not require to be lrngated; neither do they
require to be manured, the annual overflow and de-
posit of sediment keeping them constantly fertilized.
This overflow usually tikes place between the har-
vest of one year and the planting season of the next,
"These lands are cultivated in corn, potatoes, vege-
tables, &c., and if the overflow was prevented they
would, in many cases, be rendered useless for the
production of these crops. These? arc the most pro-
ductive lands in tho State, yet, surveyed and unsur-
veyed, they are all claimed, and principally by spec-
ulators. and have been sold by the State as swamp
land. This makes it very apparent how the General
Government is plundered of her most valuable do-
mam. Large tracts ol these lands that have been
surveyed have been 'listed over' to thoState by the
Government, and more are being applied for by
the State under the act to quiet land titles. Not
another acre ought to be listed. It is believed this
act of ]8o6 was gotten up in part for the benefit of
tho land-grabber and speculator to swindle the Gov-
ernment and to cheat the people out of that which
they have aright to, and in which tho Government
should protect them.
"While these lands are being surveyed by tho Uni-
ted States deputy surveyor, the State purchaser, alius
the land-grabber, looking naturally to his own inter-
ests, is suro to furnish plenty of testimony that the
lands are swamp and overflowed, and the settlers
h.mnng been kept away by the fact of the prior sale
by tho State, there is no opposing testimony, and
usually tho land is returned as swamp.
" These lands arelield m large bodies by purchasers
from the State, and the settler and immigrant seeing
a vast tract of the richest bottom land not used or
cultivated, and desiring to make a home, goes to the
United States Land Office to file his declaratory state-
ment; but, under the Commissioner's ruling, he is
refused, because the land has been returned as
'swamp and overflowed.'"
"The act of J uiy23,18(36, to quiet land titles in Cal-
ifornia, refers the question of conflict as regards these
lands to the United States surveyor general. This
is all wrong. Ttiat officer has as much as he can
attend to in the line of his legitimate duties, and
cannot give this subject proper attention. He is com-
pelled to hear testimony relating to a largo scope of
country. This he does without any records of the
filings in the local offices. Consequently the people
who may have settled on the land, hoping to pre-
empt from the United States, have no notice ot the
trial, except by chance they happen to see it pub-
lished. This results in all the advantages being on
the side of the purchaser of the State.
"If the surveyor general decide in favor of tho
United States in these contests ho, from necessity,
decides .that his own deputies have improperly or
corruptly performed their work. It is wrong that
this officer should be placed in this position; and it
is entirely wrong that tho real party m interest iu
these trials—the preemption settler under the United
States—should not have personal service. These two
last points in the act of 23d July, 18Go, to wit, making
the surveyor general the umpire and neglecting to
give tho settler the proper notice, go very tar to show
that the act was gotten up as much for the interest of
the speculator as tor the settlei, and much" more so.
"I know that testimony was received in one of
these trials before the surveyor general as to the char-
acter of land that was claimed and sold by the State
as swamp land, for which land the party in possession
held the United States patent under the preemption
law.
" All of these trials should be before the register and
receiver, after service to all the parties to the record,
as in preemption cases. This would make the tes-
timony to each particular piece of land; and the set-
tler dircctly interested would have opportunity to
show that the land on which ho was living was firm
land, and therefore improperly returned as swamp.
No more la nd should be lis ted to the State as' swamp
and overflowed' until it be clearly and definitely
determined by law the exact kind ot land the United
States intends granting to the Stato as swamp lands.
The speculators very well know that a great portion
ot the lands they claim to be swamp and overflowed
are no more swamp than the valley of the Wabash ;
but the word 'overflowed' is what they take advan-
tage of, and claim that any land over which water
ever runs, lor ever so brief a period, comes within
the purview of the moaning of the act of 23 th Septem-
ber, lSoO, commonly known as the Arkansas act.
"It is to be hoped that Congress will decide this
matter fully and definitely, as it should have been
expressed in the original act, and that such decision
may bo that no land upon which any crop can be
raised, either of grain, vegetables, berries, fruit, or
grass, shall be deemed or decided to be swamp land;
but that all lands that will raise anything that will
sustain the lifo of man or beast shall remain in the
Government until transferred to actual preemption
or homestead settlers.
/'The Secretary of the Interior and the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office should be notified
that no more lands claimed asswamp and overflowed
in this State shall bo'listed' to the State until it is
decided what4 swamp and overflowed lands' are.
" Many lists are undoubtedly on file in the Depart-
ment awaiting tho listing at this time, and the spec-
ulators have their attorneys and friends to urge tho
matter forward; but let there be no more plunder-
ing of the Government or swindling the poor settler
of his only opportunity to obtain a home for himself
and his family upon lands of such quality as will
afford him and them a subsistence."
I now yield for two minutes to the gentle
man from Michigan.
Mr. CONGER. I should like to have five
minutes.
Air. JULIAN. I cannot consume the
morning hour in this way.
Mr. CONGER. Air. Speaker, I desire to
call the attention of the House for the two
minutes granted to me to the question now
before the House. I ask particular attention
of the House to the few remarks I shall make
on this bill now presented for its consideration.
The bill proposes to change the entire features
of the swamp-land act heretofore passed,
which is now in process of execution in the
several States of the Union. There is no un-
certainty as to the provisions of that act. As
it was passed it defined that the surveyor's
report of swamp lands at the time the Gov-
ernment surveys were made, written upon the
records and part of the returns, unaltered and
unalterable, should be the rule in giving these
lands to the States. That has been the rule of
destrioution in all other States. The&e swamp
lands have been given to the State under that
rule.
Patents have been given for some of these
lands to the States, and lists of other lands,
not yet patented, have been given to the States,
and those lists have been deemed titles. The
States have sold these swamp lands to the set-
tlers, both patented and listed lands. They
have sold them in the State of Michigan and
iu other States, and these settlers have gone
on under that inchoate, that imperfect title to
select and improve those lands ; they have
gone on to make their farms and improve-
ments. Now, sir, this bill proposes these three
distinctions under this proposed law that these
lands shall come under before they shall be
deemed swamp lands, and if they do not come
under one or the other of these three distinc-
tions they shall revert to the United States, no
matter whose rights shall be affected thereby—
distinctions not embraced in the original grant,
and imposing conditions not contemplated by
Congress, or acceded to by the States accept-
ing the trust and duty of reclaiming and dispos-
ing of these lands. And the first distinction is
that they are partly arable. The next is that they
are covered with wood, or wooded; that they
have timber upon them—not valuable timber,
not pine, not anything of any earthly value, but
they are wood'ed. And the next distinction is
the most fatal one of all, that if these lands be
of so much value that they can be offered in
market and accepted, that shall be prima facie
evidence that they are arable, and therefore
must revert to the United States. I can only
in the brief moment allowed me call the atten-
tion of the House to the consideration of this
bill, which will upset the whole system of land
grants and destroy the rights of settlers in
every one of our western States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JULIAN. The bill I have reported
simply provides that swamp lands shall be
really such, and not a false pretense. This
can work no injustice, and is just what Con-
gress intended. I now yield one minute to
the gentleman from Arkansas, [Air. Rogers.]
Mr. ROGERS. I cannot in a single mmute
enter into the merits of this case at all. I
do not propose to do it, but desire simply to
say that it will affect materially the State which
I in part represent, and will operate very
unjustly to the people of that State. Owing
to the troubles down there and the delay at the
Department, we have been unable to get pat-
ents from the Government, although they have
been frequently applied for; and now to go
back and take the lands from us would be very
unjust. The Commissioner is now making au
examination into the lands reported as swamps
and overflowed lands ; and the patents for the
same will issue so soon as his report is pre-
pared. This law proposes to stop ail that.
The fault is not ours that we have not availed
ourselves before now of this grant. The fault,
if any, is that of the Department here. The
bill if it becomes law will, as I have said, deal
very unjustly with the people of my State.
Air. BENJAAI1N. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to yield to me for a moment.
Air. JULIAN. I have promised to yield for
a minute to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Allison.]
Air. ALLISON. I think there is great danger
in this bill, unless actual settlers who have pur-
chased from the States are protected by an
additional section. 1 hold in my hand an addi-
tional section framed for that purpose, which
1 hope the gentleman will allow ine to offer,
so that actual settlers who have made pur-
chases under the State laws may be protected.
