1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2415
the tariff. If, on the other hand, they think
it better to employ our own labor, let the dis-
crimination remain.
Now, what amount of discrimination is need-
ed ? We have had a great deal of discussion
over what the refiners themselves ask. There
can be no mistake made about it by any one
who will look over this statement which has
been referred to several times. I will make
auotherreferencetoit. They have three classes,
raw sugar, clarified sugar, and refined sugar.
Th ey subdivided the raw sugar i nto three classes.
The first class is that not above No. 12 Dutch
standard, which is the only class of raw sugar
imported for refining, and upon that they pro-
pose a duty of 2i cents per pound. On the
other raw sugar of a higher standard they pro-
pose duties of 3 and 3J cents per pound.
Then comes clarified sugar, which is in two
subdivisions, with proposed duties of 3J and
4 cents per pound. We pat all the raw sugar
at 2 cents per pound, and all the clarified
sugar at 3 cents per pound.
We took the statements of the sugar refiners,
and investigated precisely the question sug-
gested by my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Judd.]
It will be seen by examining these statements
that there is lost in the process of refining raw
sugar, in the shape of molasses and waste, nearly
one third.
Mr. KELLBY. It is 27 per cent.
Mr. MAYNAED. So that a duty of 2 cents
per ponnd on raw sugar is about equivalent to
3 cents per pound on clarified sugar, suppos-
ing that one third of the raw sugar is lost in
the process of clarifying.
Mr. JUDD. I would inquire, of the gentle-
man if in the investigations by the Committee
of Ways and Means there was any evidence
taken as to what it costs to refine sugar? I do
not want to know what is the depreciation of
the stock by draining off molasses, &c. What
I want to know is if there was any evidence as
to what it costs to refine sugar?
Mr. KELLBY. There was.
Mr. JUDD. What is the cost?
Mr. KELLBY. It differs in different estab-
lishments. A large, well-organized establish-
ment situated near the sea-board can refine
much more cheaply than a smaller establish-
ment.
Mr. JUDD. What is the precise cost?
Mr. KELLBY. The precise figures- the
refiners do not care to state.
Mr. JUDD. What is your impression ?
Mr. SCHENCK. About 1 cent per pound.
Mr. KELLBY. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Sciienck]
suggests that it averages about 1 cent per
pound.
Mr. MAYNAED. I was about to answer
the question propounded to mc by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Judd.]
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. MAYNAED. Very well.
Mr. LOGAN. Thegentleman speaks about
the loss in refining sugar. Would not the loss
be the same in refining sugar in foreign coun-
tries as in this?
Mr. MAYNAED. Probably the same.
Mr. LOGAN. Then what difference does
it make in the end?
Mr. MAY"NAED. If 100 pounds of refined
sugar is imported at a certain rate of duty the
duty is all paid on sugar. If 100 pounds of
raw sugar is imported duty is paid on waste
and molasses the same as on so much sugar.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURCHARD. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allisox] makes the point that the
reduction proposed on sugar by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means is all in favor of the
suaar refiners; that the reduction proposed on
raw sugar is 1 cent per pound, but is not as much
on refined sugar. Now, there has been read here
one statement signed by twenty or thirty sugar
refiners, and another st.itementsigneJby fiveur
six refiners. The question is. is the reduction
proposed by the committee a duly proportionate
reduction? There are three classes of sugar
embraced in the two items reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means—in the item
the Committee of the Whole have already
passed upon and the item that is now before
the Committee of the Whole. Under the pres-
ent law those three classes of sugar are sub-
jected to a duty of 3,3f, and 4 cents per pound
respectively. By this bill the sugar at a duty
of 3 cents per pound is put down at a duty of
2 cents per pound; while the sugar at duties of
3J and 4 cents per pound is put down here
at 3 cents per pound, as I understand the prop-
osition of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Now the question is, is that a fair and proper
reduction?
Now, the amendment.of the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] as I understand it, is to
place the duty at 2|- cents per pound on the
classes of sugar that now pay a duty of 3} and
4 cents per pound. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Scheitck]
says that a portion of the sugar which it is pro-
posed in this bill shall pay a duty of 3 cents
per pound now pays a duty of 4 cents per
pound, and therefore that will equalize the 3J
cent sugar that is reduced to 3 cents duty.
But 1 would call attention to the fact that
the amount of sugar imported at a duty of 4
cents a pound was not one fourth of the sugar
imported at a duty of 3|- cents per pound. There-
fore it seems to me that to putthose two grades
among clarified sugars and reduce the duty
upon them to 3 cents does not make a fail-
proportion ; that the duty should be reduced
either to 2f cents or 2 J cents, as proposed by
the gentleman from Iowa. The present law,
as I understand, defines the 3 cent sugars to be
all those not above No. 12 Dutch standard in
color. On these the duty is to be reduced to
2 cents. Thedefinition now proposed is, " on
all raw or Muscovado sugar and all other sugars
not above No. 12 Dutch standard in color."
Then the other two classes are covered by
the definition of clarified sugar. They are first,
sugars above No. 12 and not above No. 15,
and secondly, those above No. 15 and not above
No. 20. Then comes the definition of loaf and
other refined sugars.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration the state of the Union gen-
erally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No. 1008)
to amend existing laws relating to the duty on
imports, and for other purposes, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
william pollard.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask that the House by
unanimous consent take from the Speaker's
table for consideration at the present time the
joint resolution (S. No. 97) authorizing the
reappointment of William Pollard in the
Engineer corps of the United States Navy._
There beingno objection,thejointresolution
was read a first and second time. It authorizes
the President of theUnitedStatestonominate,
and by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate to reappoint, William Pollard, late an
assistant engineer in the Navy, to the place from
which he was dismissed.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to hear some
reason why this man should supersede all other
officers of the same grade.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It is not proposed that he
shall supersede anybody. The joint resolu-
tion leaves it discretionary with the President
; to reappoint him or not. The Committee on
| Naval Affairs have examined the measure and
approve it.
Mr. DAWES. On what grounds was he dis-
missed ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. He was tried at one time
for being absent from the engine-room and also
for carrying too much steam.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and joint reso-
lutions of the following titles; whenthe Speaker
signed the same :
An act (S. No. 421) for the relief of R. P.
Pairott;
An act (S. No. 302) giving the consent of the
United States to the erection of a bridge across
the Delaware river between Philadelphia and
Camden;
An act (S. No. 420) to authorize the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to adjust the
accounts of Ezra Carter, jr., late collector of
of customs at Portland, Maine ;
An act (S. No. 745) authorizing the corpor-
ation of the city of Washington to set apart
portions of streets and avenues as parks and
walks ;
A joint resolution (S. No. 107) relating to
officers of the Soldiers' Home; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 135) directing the
Librarian of Congress to return to the execu-
tors of Thomas Jefferson certain private papers.
And then, on motion of Mr. RANDALL, (at
four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
_
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of John W.
Campbell, late lieutenantand regimental quar-
termaster and assistant commissary of subsist-
ence seventh regiment cavalry volunteers, for
relief in the settlement of his accounts with
the Treasury.
By Mr. AT WOOD: The remonstrance of
William M. Dennis, Robert Howell, and num-
erous others, citizens of Watertown, Wiseon
sin, against the passage of the funding bill,
especially the seventh section of said bill.
By Mr. AXTELL: Resolutions of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of San Francisco, relating
to steam communication between San Fran-
cisco and Australia.
By Mr. BANKS : The memorial of John
Warren, a naturalized citizen of the United
States, presenting a claim against the Govern-
ment of Great Britain for damages sustained
by two years' false imprisonment.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Thomas B. Atwood, of Plymouth, Massachu-
setts, praying for a pension.
By Mr. COWLES : A petition of volunteers,
under the act of July 4, 1864, for payment of
their bounty.
By Mr. ELA: The petition of Ichabod
Goodwin and 46 others, interested in ship-
ping, for the passage of bills for the revival of
navigation, and for the imposition of tonnage
duties. , „ . .
By Mr. ELDRIDGE: A memorial of citi-
zens of Fox Lake, Dodge county, Wisconsin,
against the passage of the funding bill.
By Mr. FERR1SS: The petition of S. F.
Terwilliger and 37 others, citizens of Saratoga
Springs, NewYork, praying for a law allowing
the importation of pig lead from foreign coun-
tries free of duty.
Also, the petition and accompanying papers
of Flavia Coash, asking for a pension. _ _
By Mr. IIAWLEY: A petition of So citizens
of Moline, Illinois, praying Congress not to
pass section seven of the funding bill, s>o
called, which has recently passed the Senate
