1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would raise
the point of order that we have already passed
to the consideration of the second schedule.
Mr. JENCKES. I interposed before the sec-
ond section was taken up, so that I am in order.
The gentlemen says that one of the reasons
for retaining these interrogatories here is be-
cause they were in the schedule of the last cen-
sus. It is because these interrogatories were
not answered accurately in the schedules of the
last census, but furnished a real obstruction to
the talcing of that census, that I have moved
to strike them out.
Consider a moment what the effect of these
questions is. All property now owned in the
United States, real and personal, is subject to
taxation by the State or municipal authorities,
and it is assessed for that purpose. The State
statutes imposing taxes require a statement to
be rendered of the value of the property ; and
if it is not rendered, then the assessors proceed
to value the property as they think proper and
just. Now, we all know how rare it is that any
person sends in his valuation of his real estate
or his schedule of his personal estate, but pre-
fers rather to risk an increase of taxation than
to do so.
There are many persons, by far the great
majority of persons who have small properties,
who cannot afford to pay the $100 here imposed
as a penalty for not answering correctly, but
must answer all these questions. But any
person who holds a large amount of property,
and thinks he may escape taxation by refusing
or neglecting to answer the questions will say,
"I will not answer these questions, and you
may collect your $100 if you can." We will
thus fail to collect the very information which
we most desire to obtain underthese schedules.
To the poor man it will be a burden of $100 line
or a statement of the exact amount of his prop-
erty, while those who hold large amounts of
property will escape entirely by the payment
of what to them will be a small sum.
Now, how can you expect under the penalty
of this act to get from one of these railroad
kings abatement of his property ? Not at all.
One of them may own eighty or a hundred
million dollars' worth of property, more than
ten thousand of the small property owners of
the country may possess, yet the small property
owner will be forced to give a statement of his
property. And so of all persons whose prop-
erty is not within the State boundaries, such
as ships, &c.; they will all escape, or may ren-
der untrue or unsatisfactory returns to these
schedules. The greater portion of the property
so held will in all probability not be returned
at all. This provision will prove to be a bur-
den to the poor, and will only open a door of
escape for the rich.
Mr. PAINE. How would the gentleman
obtain the information to which he refers ?
Mr. JENCKES. The best way is to take the
assessed value.
Mr. PAINE. Assessed by whom ?
Mr. JENCKES. By the local assessors. In
the part of the country where I live the assess-
ment is very thorough and searching, in other
parts of the country it may not be as searching.
But I would not subject every person with whom
these schedules may be left to a penalty of $100
fine should he not answer such questions as
these.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
is mistaken in saying that nothing in the way
of information was obtained by means of those
inquiries in the last census.
Mr. JENCKES. No accurate information.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Very well; the
gentleman seems to forget that for years past
we have been proceeding upon these returns
of the value of property in our assessment of
taxes. The gentleman also forgets that we
base our distribution of the national currency
upon the amount so returned of the property
of the country and its distribution throughout
the country. He will remember the import-
ance of this in many particulars.
So far is this from being a burdensome and
inquisitorial demand which can have no refer-
ence to taxation, that, as the gentleman will
see, if he will reflect for a moment, the question
to be propounded, according to the proposi-
tion of the bill, is not, "How much do you
own in this town or in this State?" but " What
is the total value of your estate, whether it
consists in western lands or in eastern stocks?''
The answer to this question will give no clew
whatever for the purposes of taxation. Every
man with any considerable amount of property
has that property so distributed that to give the
total in this way will not subject him to any
special danger of being over assessed. I know
of no way, Mr. Chairman, by which we can get
anything that approximates accuracy in this
regard unless we require of each person in the
United States a statement of the net value of
his estate, real and personal. I do not suppose
that the information on this subject can be ob-
tained with perfect accuracy. We do notin any
statistical information achieve more than ap-
proximate accuracy ; but it appears to me that
we shall approximate it more closely in this
way than by any other means.
The gentleman says "get the returns from
the assessed value." But how is the assessed
value made up ? In my State it is made up by
an assessment of one half to two thirds of the
real value ; in other States it is made up by an
assessment at another rate or another percent-
age. If we take the assessed value we have
no means of arriving at the real value of the
property. Hence the committee have thought
it best to insert these columns of inquiry, and
I hope they will be retained.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PxlINE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to schedule No. 2, which I have no doubt
the chairman of the sub-committee will accept.
I move to provide that under the column re-
lating to color the letters " W," "B," " M,"
&c., be inserted in the saino manner as in the
returns of population. In this way the per-
son making these returns will understand how
to make them.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
omitted that in schedule No. 2 simply because
specimens had been given in the preceding
schedules.
Mr. PAINE. Then, as I understand, it was
contemplated by the committee that the re-
turns should contain those letters; yet unless
we provide for it by special enactment the
returns will not be made in that form.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to move
an amendment, merely clerical, which I am
instructed to offer by the committee. The fifth
column of the second schedule was by acci-
dent misplaced ; it should come in as the ninth
column. I move to amend by transferring it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend schedule
three by inserting the following :
Products of the fnrext: 74, saw-logs; 75, square
andflattened timber; 76, spars and boom-poles; 77,
cord-wood; 7S, telegraph and fence-posts; 79, shin-
gles and bolts; 80, staves and hoops; SI, tan-bark;
82, nucs and fruits.
Mr. Chairman, I observe that in these sched-
ules the committee have provided for a return
of the article of hops, a comparatively incon-
siderable product. They have even provided
in their schedule for a return of peanuts; a use-
ful thing doubtless upon the cars as we travel
to and fro, but I do not know how valuable
they may be to the commercial interests of the
country. But in all these schedules there is no
provision for the return of the leadingproducts
of some seven or eight of the States of this
Union, products such as those enumerated in
the amendment I have just offered. In all the
northwestern States, where the timber has not
been taken from the soil, the articles named in
the amendment form a large portion of the pro-
ductive wealth of the country; yet in these
schedulesthere is no provision for the enumer-
ation of these products. It is unnecessary, I
presume, for mo to enlarge upon this matter,
for I think the Committee of the Whole will at
once see the importance of having an enumer-
ation of these products whose value is num-
bered by millions of dollars annually.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I trust that the
amendment of the gentleman will not prevail,
and for the reason that it will too much increase
the inquiries under this schedule. Everything
about lumber proper will be taken under the
schedule of manufactures.
The gentleman has called my attention to
the matter of the rough produce of the forests.
While I should like to have all the information
we can get, still I think we cannot go into all
this minutias.
The gentleman from Michigan says that pea-
nuts are included while this great interest of
lumber is left out. His surprise in reference
to peanuts is about the same as mine was when
I first had the subject brought to my attention.
It brought a smile upon the face of all of the
committee. But, sir, letters came to us from
responsible gentlemen saying that upon the
south bank of the James river, between Nor-
folk and Petersburg, they raise $1,000,000
annually of peanuts. That is the product of
that single district, and it is only one of the
many districts where that article is produced.
From this the gentleman will see that it is not
a subject to be talked lightly of.
One other thing I will call to his attention.
He never probably went to a "corner grocery"
or to corner stands where peanuts are sold in
abundance. They are sola in all parts of the
United States, and gentlemen from the South
have asked us earnestly to include them in this
schedule.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Chairman, I will say
frankly to the gentleman from Ohio that I have
not attended pea-nut stands and cannot tell the
amount of peanuts sold over the United States;
but, sir, I have seen them in my travels. If
there ia $1,000,000 worth of peanuts raised in
the South there are three hundred and fifty
million saw-logs raised in the State of Michigan
alone every year, which are worth ten dollars a
thoug&nd. Let the gentleman compute then-
worth if he has his slate. In the article of
staves, which furnish a great portion of the
commerce of this country, there are millions
of dollars cut out in the State of Michigan and
millions in every other northern State. Still
they are not mentioned in any schedule. So
with cord-wood, so with tan-bark, so with
shingles. I say to the gentleman and to the
committee that there is not one of those arti-
cles I have enumerated which would be em-
braced in any of these schedules.
Now, the whole tier of States andTerritories,
beginning with Maine and running across this
continent, are interested in having an exhibi-
tion of the products of the forests; many of the
southern States are also interested in it. It is
not pine wood alone I refer to, but oak and
hemlock and spruce, and all the other products
of the forest. I know that peanuts swell up
into enormous dimensions, but they should not
exclude all the other leading products of the
country. That is all I have to say to the com-
mittee and to the House. Peanuts should not
be included and the products of the forest
excluded.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ARNELL. In schedule three, statistics
of agriculture, I move to insert in the farm
schedule the following:
Amount of wages per diem paid to each adult male ;
amount of wages per cfo'em paid to each adult female;
amount of wages per diem paid to eaoh male minor;
amount of wages per diem paid to each female minor.
The object of that amendment, Mr. Chair-
man, is simply to get at the amount paid to
each laborer. As the schedule now stands it
seems to me that this is not provided for.
' Mr. WILKINSON. This would make four
