1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4308
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I submit,
although I have no particular affection for the
rules, that that would hardly be fair iu the
absence of my colleague.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that it
would be, because that is his specialty. I
would not ask to have such a resolution con-
sidered in his absence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will submit the question to the Senate, at
which point the Calendar shall be proceeded
with. The present occupant of the Chair has
decided that Senate bill No. 240, the bill which
the Senate was considering at the time the Cal-
endar was last considered, is now in order ;
but the order of proceeding is under the con-
trol of the Senate, and they can make any
other disposition they please.
Mr. SUMNER. Would it be in order to
move that the Senate take up the Calendar of
unobjected bills where we left off before when
we were considering unobjected bills under the
rule moved by the Senator from Rhode Island ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That rule
exhausted itself. It will be in order, however,
for the Senator from Massachusetts to move
to pass over all unobjected cases and proceed
with any one he chooses.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the public conven-
ience would be promoted by that course. Here
are some six pages of bills, not one of which
we have yet touched, and it seems to me we
might go over them all to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that is fair.
Mr. SUMNER. We should then feel that
we had done something. I move, therefore,
that we take up the Calendar where we left off
when we were last considering unobjected bills,
some three or four weeks ago, and proceed to
the end.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that would be fair.
Mr. SUMNER. Beginning at the top of
the fifteenth page.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire simply to say that
the rule under which we are acting can admit
of no doubt. It is to begin upon the Calendar
where we left off with the unobjected cases.
That is the precise rule.
Mr. SUMNER. That was the understand-
ing generally when we took the recess.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Illinois
shakes his head.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not understand it
so at all; excuse me. _
Mr. HAMLIN. Idonotthinkthereis much
in it, notwithstanding the Senator does shake
it. [Laughter.] But let me invite the atten-
tion of the Senate for a moment to this matter.
The Senator from Rhode Island during one
period of time made a motion that we should
go through with the Calendar and dispose of
the unobjected cases. We only went on under
that rule up to a certain point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; we went through
the Calendar. I recollect that.
Mr. HAMLIN. No; there were several
bills not reached, and since then additional
cases have been added totlie Calendar.^ Now,
sir, we have really a triplicate rule. I here is
the rule of the Senate. Then there is the rule
that we shall have alternate evening sessions
of the Senate for the purpose of proceeding to
the Calendar and disposing of it, whether the
cases be objected to or not; and now this day,
by the rule, in so many words, we are to go on
with the Calendar of unobjected cases. A hat
is precisely it.
Mr. SUMNER. That is it exactly. There
is not a doubt about it.
Mr. HO WELL. While the Senate is con-
sidering this question and coming to a conclu-
sion as to where they ought to begin I ask
unanimous consent to pass a bill. I have asked
no favors, I believe, heretofore, and I am sure
I have not received many.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
be allowed to take up his bill.
Mr. HOWELL. I should be very glad to
pass the biil now.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the Senator's bill on this
Calendar?
Mr. HOWELL. It is on the Calendar.
Mr. SUMNER. If it is after page 15, we
shall come to it in its order.
Mr. HOWELL. Never mind about that.
If the Senator from Massachusetts will just
grant tne this favor to-night I shall be obliged
to him. I have asked no favors heietofore. if
I were to say I was going a-fishing, the Senate
would grant me the favor. [Laughter.] But I
am not going a-fishing; lam here sticking to
my business all the time. I ask the Senate to
take up Senate bill No. 5(iG.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa asks unanimous consent to take up
the bill indicated by him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is it about?
Mr. HOWELL. It is a little land bill that
the Delegate from Dakota wants to get through
the Senate now, so'that he can get it through
the House at thu session. They liav.e no land
grants and no railroads in Dakota, and I want
to help them to get one.
Mr. ROSS. The motion was distinctly made
and carried that we proceed with the Calendar,
commencing at the point where we left off on
Monday night. I object to any other proceed-
in or.
Mr. HOWELL. Allow just this one bill to
be taken up. I have waived all objections to
several bills of the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. ROSS. There are a great many bills
on this Calendar that are of importance to
individuals and localities.
Mr. HOWELL. That^is verytrue ; but I
have had no chance to get up a single bill.
Mr. ROSS. Unless we go on with those
cases to-night we shall never reach them.
Mr. FOWLER. I want to appeal to the
Senator from Kansas to permit me to take up
a bill. .
Mr. ROSS. I shall object to taking up any
bills out of their order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas objects.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let me appeal to the Sen-
ator from Kansas. The Senator from Iowa is
not long to be with us, I am sorry to say, and
there should be at least a little esprit de corps
in the Senate. I must say that 1 never knew
such a request refused in my life before.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope the Senator from
Iowa will be allowed to take up his bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It will take
less time to act upon it than is spent in these
objections.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will again put the question to the Senate. Is
there any objection to taking up the bill of
the Senator from Iowa ? The Chair hears no
objection. The Secretary will read the bill.
The Chief Cw.rk. A bill (S. No. 506) to
make a grant of land to aid in the construction
of a railroad in the Territory of Dakota.
Mr. ROSS. Is that bill proceeded with by
unanimous consent? _
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. ROSS. I objected once, and have not
withdrawn the objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill cannot be proceeded with.
Mr. TIPTON. I wish to say one vvord_ m
regard to the point on the Calendar at which
we are to commence to-night. I understand,
and every Senator certainly knows, that when
we were on the Calendar before we passed
through the Calendar, and the resolution of the
Senator irom Rhode Island, under winch wo
acted, expired with our action. We then passed
a resolution presented by the Senator from
Kansas [Mr. PomurOy] and resolved that we
would return and go over the Calendar again;
but in passing over the Calendar the second j
time wo reached the bottom of the second page, 1
and not one step further. It, would therefore
be a violation, not only of that resolution, but
of the understanding ot the Senate, if we were
now to pass over the body of the Calendar m
order to take up bills on page 14 or any other
imaginary point. The resolution under which
we are acting to-night has only been operating
since we commenced a second time on the
Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts has moved that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill at the
bottom of page 14 of the Calendar, being the
bill (H. R. No, 1950) granting a pension to
Mary Lincoln.
Mr. FOWLER. I shall have to object to
that bill until it is reached in its regular order.
Mr. HOWELL. The Senator from Kansas,
T understand, withdraws his objection to the
bill which I desire to call up, and I should like
to have it acted upon now. It will not take
long to read it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will again put the question on taking up the bill
indicated by the Senator from Iowa. The Sen-
ator from Iowa asks unanimous consent to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill indicated
by him.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A bill grant-
ing lands for a railroad in the Territory of
Dakota.
Mr. THURMAN. I object.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the present
and all prior orders be postponed for the pur-
pose of taking up that Dakota bill.
Mr. SUMNER. My motion istotalic up the
unobjected Calendar where we left off. The
clerk at the desk will report where we left off
three weeks ago. _ _
Mr. SPENCER. I believe my motion is in -
order. m
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Alabama moves to postpone the present
and all prior orders and proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill indicated by the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. FOWLER. Is that in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the motion can be made.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we go on in this way
we shall waste the whole evening. We had
better adjourn and go home, or else go to work
in regular order, because now, in the present
temper of the Senate, we can pass nothing
without objection. I call for the regular order.
I do not care what it is or where we commcnce.
Mr. SPENCER. I understand my motion
1S ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the motion of the Senator from Alabama
is in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. If so, the rule amounts to
nothing, and we had better repeal it at once if
a simple motion can interfere with it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think so, clearly.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the regular order, an
order of the Senate, can be interrupted on the
motion of a single Senator so that no objec-
tion will prevent it, I can see no advantage to
be derived from it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The whole
matter of the order of proceeding is witlim the
control of the Senate. It is but an order ot
the Senate, and can be repealed at any time or
superseded by another motion.
Mr. STEWART. When we were proceed-
ing with the Calendar before, the Vice Presi-
dent held that it was out of order to move to
take up any particular bill out of its order; that
it could only be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. SUMNER. If that motion is out ot
the way, I move to proceed to the consideration
of the Calendar of unobjected bills, beginning
at the point where, according to the repo
the Secretary, we left off when we proceeded
wi th the Calendar before. That is the motion
1 air DAVIS. It is very apparent that the
Senate is in no temper to do business his
evening. I therefore move that the Sseuate
1 a^llr.r DRAKE. Will the Senator from Ken-
