1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5247
Mr. JULIAN. I will hear it read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted, That this actshall
not apply to any lands which may have been sold to
actual settlers prior to tho passage of this act by any
State of the Union as swamp and overflowed lands,
and which were such within tho provisions of the
third section of the act entitled "An act to enable the
State of Arkansas, and other States, to reclaim swamp
lnuds within their limits," approved September 28,
1S50; bat all such landsshall be patented to their
respective States: Provided, That nothing herein
contained shall authorize or legalize thesaleof any
lands to which any preemption or homestead right
has heretofore attached.
Mr. JULIAN. Iam opposed to bringing for-
ward a measure to remedy a great mischief and
allowing an amendment to be attached which
would let loose that mischief in all its length
and breadth. The amendment of the gentle-
man from Iowa, if admitted, would be utterly
fatal and suicidal to the bill. All that we pro-
pose is that there shall be a definition of swamp
lands the title to which is still in the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Mr. ALLISON. Thegentleman, as I under-
stand, does not propose to vest these lands in
the United States when they have been sold to
actual settlers, and my amendment is designed
to make that clear, that is all.
Mr. JULIAN. Where they have been dis-
posed of by the States, and have been pre-
viously confirmed to the States, this bill cannot
touch them; if the amendment means more
than that I cannot allow it. The rights of
actual settlers are protected under the bill as
reported from the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. But the rights of pur-
chasers are not.
Mr. J U LIAN. The rights of purchasers are
protected, as far as it is possible to do it. They
are protected in the gentleman's own State
by special acts of Congress as I have already
stated. I move the previous question.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 hope the motion for the
previous question will be voted down.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. JULIAN. Before the House divides
on that motion I wish to make a proposition.
I do not desire that this bill shall be defeated;
and if gentlemen, by antagonizing it, consume
the whole of the morning hour, preventing
other members of the committee from making
reports, I wash my hands of all responsibility
for the ' consequences. Iam pledged to the
committee not to consume their whole hour
on this bill; and as the best thing I can do, I
shall move to postpone this bill until the sec-
ond Tuesday of December next, and that it
may be made a special order for that day.
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask the House to allow
me to make the motion in a modified form, so
as to postpone the consideration of the bill till
the second Wednesday of December next, the
amendments to be considered as pending, and
the bill and amendments to be printed.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I withdraw my motion
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. ARNELL. I move to amend so as to
make it the third Wednesday in December.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will modify his motion, and allow the
bill to be recommitted to the Committee on the
Public Lands. They will have a chance to
bring it before the House at the next session.
Mr. SARGENT. Let it go over.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well.
Mr. JULIAN. I accept the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Arxell,]
and move that the bill be postponed and made
the special order for the third Wednesday of
December next, after the morning hour.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe there is a motion
pending to lay this bill on the table.
The SPEAKER. It has been withdrawn.
Mr. HOLMAN. I renew the motion to lay
the bill on the table.
The question was put; and the House re-
fused to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. Julian's motion, that the bill be post-
poned and made the special order for t'nethird
Wednesday in December next, after the morn-
ing hour, was then agreed to.
Mr.^ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
virginia military lanb3 in ohio.
Mr. JULIAN. I yield to my colleague on
the committee from Ohio, [Mr. Winans.]
Mr. WINANS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No.
175) to cede to the State of Ohio tho unsold
lands in the Virginia military district in said
State. '
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It proposes to cede to
the State of Ohio the lands remaining unsur-
veyed and unsold in the Virginia military dis-
trict in said State, on the condition that any
person who at the time of the passage of this
act is a bona fide settler on any portion of said
land may hold not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acres by htm occupied by his preempting
the same in such manner as the Legislature of
the State of Ohio may direct.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of the
engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. We have not yet reached
that stage.
Mr. WARD. I would like to inquire how
much of this land there is remaining?
Mr. WINANS. I understand that there are
about forty thousand acres of land in the Virginia
military district in the State of Ohio, and it
consists for the most part of fragments and
slips upon which no warrants have been laid,
upon hills and the tops of mountains, and it is
a fruitful sourcc of strife and litigation among
squatters. A bill precisely similar to this
passed the House in the Fortieth Congress,
but for want of time failed to get through the
Senate. I yield now to my colleague, [Mr.
Wilson.]
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. This bill, I know,
is proper and correct in all respects. I happen
to live in this military district. Gentlemen
will remember that when the State of Virginia
ceded the northwest territory to the United
States she reserved all the lands lying between
the Scioto and the Little Miami rivers for the
purpose of paying her soldiers' warrants. The
lands had never been surveyed by the General
Government, and the parties entitled to land
warrants went into the district and made their
surreys to every point of the compass, leaving
out the mountains, the cliffs, and the streams
that would be no advantage whatever. Hence,
many years since the land was all taken up and
the warrants were not satisfied. Well, the State
of Virginia ceded the remaining lands in that
district to the General Government, the Gen-
eial Government issuing scrip to satisfy the
warrants that had been issued to the citizens
of Virginia for revolutionary services. The
land office at Chillicothe was closed in 1851,
and since that time no entries can be made
and no titles obtained.
Instead of there being forty thousand acres,
I venture to say that there is not one third of
that amount of land, all told, and it lies in three
counties, two of which are represented by my-
self, and one by my colleague, [Mr. Van Trump. ]
The remaining land is not worth twenty-five
cents an acre, all told. I know what I am
talking about. I am familiar with almost every
foot of it. it is all upon mountains and rocky
cliffs, which were not considered worth entry,
and never were entered. It is a source of
litigation and contention among settlers, and I
hope this bill will be passed, and that the Legis-
lature will do justice to all concerned. It is
in the very poorest part of the State, and is
embraced "in what is known as the Brush creek
and Scioto mountain region. It is absolutely
worthless_for agricultural purposes; but being
a bone of contention, I hope the House will
pass this bill in justice to all concerned.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of
the engrossed bill.
Mr. WINANS. I hope the gentleman will
not insist on having the engrossed copy of the
bill read.
Mr. HOLMAN. In order to give an oppor-
tunity for the bill to be engrossed I move that
it be laid on the table, and on that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WINANS. I move that the rules be
suspended and the bill passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw my motion
to lay the bill on the table.
The question was then taken upon tbe motion
to suspend the rules and pass the bill, and (two
thirds voting in the affirmative) it was agreed to.
st. claiit county, illinois.
Mr. HAWLEY, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported back, with an amend-
ment, House bill No. 363, to confirm the title
to certain lands in Illinois.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
title of the United States to all lots, out-lots,
tracts, pieces, parcels, and strips of land in
St. Clair county, State of Illinois, lying and
situate outside of the United States surveys,
as noted in the field-notes of the United States
surveyors, be, and the same is hereby, confirmed
and granted to said St. Clair county, in the
said State; provided that nothing herein shrill
apply to the ancient "French commons," in
said county.
The amendment reported from the commit-
tee was to insert after the words " as noted in
the field-notes of the United States surveyors"
the following:
And on the Mississippi river near surveys No. 766,
624, and 579, and near and adjacent to fractional sec-
tions one, two, eleven, and twelve, township one
north, range ten west, third principal meridian.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HAWLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fkemont, oiiio.
Mr. WINANS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, House bill
No. 1545, relinquishing whatever title may re-
main in the United States to a certain parcel
of ground in Fremont, Ohio, to the corpora-
tion of Fr6mont.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that what-
ever title may remain in the United States to
a parcel of ground in the city of Fremont, (for-
merly Croghansville,) Ohio, laid out under the
act of Congress of April 26, 1816, which is not,
included in any of the lots, out-lots, streets,
and avenues of the city, but lying between the
lots, streets, and avenues, and the Sandusky
river, as indicated on the official plat of the
town of Croghansville, be, and the same is
hereby, relinquished to the corporation of Fre-
mont.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WINANS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on ths
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
stephen marston*.
Mr. WINANS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported back, with an amend-
