UTS
ffl® OON'GEESSION'ATj GLOBE!
February 21,
Mr. Whittkmork. I will hear any suggestions that
the committee may desire to make.
Mr Slocom. It appears from the evidence that !
this letter from Mr. Shaw to Mr. Kegler was franked ;
"by vou. . T
Rlr. Whittemore. I do not recollect it: I cannot
conceive it possible that it was sent from W ashington
by me; I do not tbink that I was here as early as
that time, but yet I would not deny that it was franked
^Mr? Slocum, We wish your statement to go exactly
ns you prefer. If you prefer to go right on without
interruption, of course you can do so; but if you
prefer to have questions asked you, I will put some
questions to you.
Mr. Whittemorb. I am willing to answer any
questions, or to submit to any suggestions that may
be made. I do not recollect anything about the
franking of that letter. I was so astonished at the
letters received from Kegler, in which he implicated
Mr. Shaw, that I sent Mr. Shaw his letters, and Mr.
Shaw in his letter to me denies knowing anything
about Mr. Kegler. He says that a man named
Houchins, from New York, came to him and haa
pome conversation with him about the appointment,
but that he did not know anything at all about a man
named Kegler. Mr. Shaw sent uae a letter similar,
I think, to the one produced; but I do not know
whether it was sent to me at home or here, and i
think it altogether probablo that 1 sent that letter
to ICegler, but I will not say whether it was sent from
here or from home. Now, Mr. Shaw sends mo this
note which he received on the Uth February last,
from this man Kegler: _ __
New York, February 11,1870.
Dkar Sir : I would advise you to take steps to pro-
tect your friend, Hon. Ii. F. Whittemore, at once,
for I fear he will stand in need of a poweriul friend
before long.
Do you read the papers ? , .
I heard of acommiuee to investigateappointments
for cadets! ,Tr
Yours, in haste, P-.
48 Broad street, New 1 urk.
'W. F. Shaw, esq.
What I desire to state in regard to this appoint-
ment is this: that i never intended to receive a sin-
gle farthing us payment for an appointment'in any
way, shape, or manner; nor Iihvo X (loiio £ . Wlicn
the subject of appointments was first broached to me
I was entirely at sea. 1 was unacquainted with them
altogether. I was not politician enough, I was lre-
queutly approached upon different hanua by differ-
ent parties, who Siiiil that the appointments of cadets
were regarded as perquisites ot Congressmen, and
that it was no t, always the caso tha>t cadets arq ap-
pointed from the same locality in whicli they live.
But the committee will recollect in connection with
that that no appointment was made by me of ,a
uaval cadet until June, and that up to the preced-
ing March that appointment was understood in my
mind to belong to Mr. (loss's son. That was the
understanding between him and me, and no other
person outside cauld have received the appointment
if Mr. floss had answered my letter and expressed
thesaraedesire finally in regard to his son thathedid
.when he first broached the subjeot to me. Finally
the appointment was ma'>0 in the mariner that I have
statod. That is all that I have to say in regard to
that appointment. .X disclaim any criminal inten-
tion, or any wrong intention, from the beginning.
It is evident, to me that I committed one of the
•greatest indiscretions of my life when I wrote the
man Kegler as I did i but 1 .regarded it as a sort of
getting rid of him and disposing of him altogether.
I did not know him personally, and Iought not, per-
haps, to have written a letter of that description;
but, as I say, I regarded it as a Sort of getting rid of
him. I was under no obligation to him, and aid not
care about being troubled by him, and thesequel has
proved that 1 was not in the hands of all honorable
gentleman when I was writing such a letter to him.
Mr. Sloccm. Permit me to call your attention to
General Schoepf's evidence.
Mr. Whittemobk. That I totally deny. I have no
recollection of any snch man, or of afiy such conver-
sation. I utterly deny it. I had no such conver-
sation with anybody. Mr. Young may have intro-
duced him to me, as he introduced different parties
to me, but I had no such conversation with anybody.
In reference to my West Point appointment I wish
to make a statement; as long ago as December, 1863,
a gentleman nailed Brooks came to me, (I think he
is a newspaper man,) and asked me if I had filled my
West Point cadetship. I told him I had not, and that
I waa not going to do it at present; that. I had not
time to think of it, and that I wanted to look around
and see what I was going to do about it, as I did not
know where I was going to get a cadet. I also, made,
I think, something of the same statement to him that
"I made to Mr. Gobs, that I would prefer a poor boy,
if I could find one, as poor boys very seldom get to
such places. "Well," said he, "if you have not got
.Asybody in your.part of the oountry I have got a
very excellent young man whom I would liketo intro-
duce to you,, and perhaps you would like to appoint
him." Saidl, "'Ido not know whether I willornot;
but I would like to see your young man and see what
he is." "Well," said he, "if you do not know any-
body down in your part of the country, and if I can
bring you a young man who possesses all the qualifi-
cations necessary for a cadet, and if he satisfies you,"
the alluded to my being in the Army, and having an
Army experience, and said 1 knew something about
whether a boy would make a good soldier,) " will you
.appoint him?" . I .said I did not know, whether I
.would or not. "Send on your boy and let me see
him."
He sent to New York, and the boy came on; as
fine a young boy asl'everlaideyeson, of fine frame,
very tall for his age, and with a fine, open, free, trans
face. Ho won his way to my good graces at once by
his looks, and I had some talk with him. _ I said to
him, " 1'om, you want to go to West Point/ lie
said yes, that he had set his heart upon it, and that
his father had set his heart upon it. Said I. Where
have you been going to school ? lie said that ho
had been two years at Churchill s sch6ol, at Sing feing,
and that he v;as the adjutant of his class. I said,
" You must be a pretty good soldier now ? lie said
yes, that lie understood something about it. I asked
hira how iong it w.-is since he had left the school. He
said about a year beiorc, and that, he had been since
traveling in France with his lather's family. I talked
with him about his father's family, and found that
ihcy were connected with old Army friends of mine
in business. The boy was a fine 1 rench scholar, and
all these things were very,pleasing to me. 1 said to
him, " Well, now, if I give you the appointment,
wilt you go down ib my district and stay there until
you acquiro a residence, according to law; because
according to law I cannot appoint anybody but an
actual resident of my district?" Ho said he would.
I asked him when he would go. He said he would
go just as soon as he could return home and.see his
father. lie came to my room in Indiana avenue the
next day. 1 had thought the matter overthat night,
and came to the conclusion that it would be a very
good appointment, and I told him to wait until ho
heard from me. .....
I wrote down to my home to find out if there was
any place for him to board with a proper white
family, where he could fuel at home and pleasantly
situated. A gentleman, an old acquaintance of
mine, who was living in my town, agreed to take j
him, and he went down and stopped there alter
receiving toy letter. Mr. Brooks, when he spoke of
this boy and asked me if I would appoint him, said, |
" If you do you shall not lose anything by it." Said
I, "Ido npt intend to ask anything for it; if the 1
boy suits me I will appoint him." Alter I gave him
the appointment Mr. Brooks said to me. What shall
I pay you for that appointment?" Isaid, "Nothing;
I will receive nothing whatever for the appoint-
ment." Said he. "You have pretty hard times polit- i
ically, have you not?" Isaid, "Yes;" "Youhave
a hard battle to fight?" "Yes." You are not
helped much?" "JNo,"said 1, "the national com-
I mittee has not helped us very much, or any other
committee ; we have had to hoe our owii row and to
paddle our-own canoe." Said he," You say you will
' hot receive anything for the appointment?" "No;
! 'not a dollaT." " Well," said he, "if we will furnish
' $500 for your political fund down there for the pur-
pose of carrying on the campaign and helping your
people through I suppose you would not care any-
thing about that?" "No," said I, ' I do not. IF
you choose to give $500 for the political campaign
down there I have no objection to that; but I will
not receive a single dollar for an appointment."
That is all I have to say about that appointment
except this: that my choice of a bdy has proved to
bo a good one. In a class of seventy he stands
number twenty, and has for the last six months
received but two demerits. He will not only honor
my district and do credit to me, but he will be an
honor to the country when ho graduates. My pur-
poses in this particular were just the same as they
were in the other. The appointments have beenof
no pecuniary or personal benefit to me from begin-
ning to end, except that the' funds for them have
been given for the relief of the poor people in my
district, and for help in the political campaign.
I would like to add a few words about this .man
Cathcart. He was the editor, or ono of the editors,
of the Charleston News. Kegler says he doea not
know what shade of politics the News represented ;
regards it as being ratlAsr on the fence. He must be
very ignorant of politics indeed if he cannot state the
politics of the Charleston News. It fvas the most
bitter, vindictive, scurrilous paper in the State. I
was chairman of the State Central Republican Com-
mittee, which had charge of the reconstruction of
the State and brought her into the Union. Circum-
stances seem to compel me to say, what I otherwise
ought not to say, that during the whole campaign
of the election of delegates to the constitutional con-
vention and the campaign preceding I was, polit-
ically, in a position of the most prominence of any
man in the State on the Republioan side. Every-
thing that could be dreamed of was said against me,
and the News was the medium of these slanderous
and unfounded chargesv Cathcart being one of its
editors. It is no new thing for Cathcart to desire or
attempt to do me an injury, and I am not surprised
to find him a convenient and willing and ready wit-
ness against me in this case.
i Tbe question was upon agreeing to the reso-
lution reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. LOGAN. The statement which we per-
mitted Mr. Whittemore to make before the
committee is in evidence here. I have no
' desire, nor has the Committee on Military
Affairs any desire, to preclude him from making
here before the House any statement that he
, may desire to make. I have no desire at all
to discuss this question. I have, by direction
of the committee, submitted the evidence to
' the House, together with the resolution unani-
> ! mously agreed to by the committee; and unless
some member desires to be heard I will call
for a vote upon the report of the committee.
Mr. POLAN D. Before the gentleman calls
for a vote upon the pending resolution I hope
lie will allow me au opportunity to make a
few remarks.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. POLAND. I certainly have no wish
to screen Mr. Whittemore from any punish-
ment he may deserve on account of this trans-
action. If it shall go so far as this resolution
proposes, to his expulsion from the House, I
certainly shall not object if that shall seem to the
House to be a just punishment for theoflensein
this case. But I think this is a case where we
ought to proceed with great deliberation and
care. It is not only of importance to Mr. Whit-
temore personally, but it is of very great import-
ance to this House. It is important as a prece-
dent, for we have not been in the habit of acting
upon any very important matter in this House,
which depended upon evidence, without having
that evidence printed, so that every member
could examine it with deliberation and care.
It certainly seems to me that it would bo highly
improper for us to undertake the final disposi-
tion of this matter after merely an hour's read-
ing of manuscript testimony here. I would
suggest, therefore, to my frieud from Illinois,
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, [Mr. Logan,] and to the House,
whether we ought not to delay action on this
subject long enough to have this evidence
printed, so that every member of this House
can examine it deliberately and carefully. I
suppose that can be done i8 a day or two. I
would ask my friend whether this subject can-
not well be postponed until, perhaps, Thurs-
day next after the morning hour? I suppose
that will give time enough to have this evidence
printed and laid upon the desk of each'member.
■ When this report came in here an hour ago
And was read from tjie Clerk's desk, that was
the very first I ever heard of this case; and I
suppose such was the fact in reference to at
least a majority of the members on this floor.
Now, I certainly do hot feel prepared to act
•upon this subject now without an opportunity
to sit down and fexamine the testimony care-
fully. I think every other member here haa
the same feeling. I do not suppose the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Logan] desires to press
this matter .with any unseemly haste. All
the time I desire is as long a time or as short
a time as the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs thinks will be sufficient to have
; this testimony pripted and laid before the mem-
bers of this House.' I Would, therefore, suggest
that the further consideration of this subject
be postponed until Thursday next after the
! morning hour,' unless the .gentleman prefers
tohavesomfejothertimefixed for.it." :
Mr. LOGAN. I desire merely to say that
this is a,question.for the House, aind notlor me
to determine. I have no desire to hasten action
unduly on this matter. If Mr. Whittemore
desires to be heard before tbe House I am per-
fectly willing that, so far as I am concerned,
he shall have that privilege accorded to- him.
But if he does not desire that privilege, inas-
much as in bis hour's statement before the
committee—whifch was taken down verbatim,
as it has been read before the House—ho did
j not pretend to deny the fact that he received
I this money; he made no denial of-it whatever,
and merely endeavored to explain, as stated in
the evidence, we came to the conclusion that
it Was hot proper that he should longer be
1 permitted to retain a seat on this floor. We
did not consider his statement of the manner in
which the money was expended by him was
any excuse whatever of his conduet.
I say now that if Mr. Whittemore has any-
thing to say in exculpation of himself I cer-
tainly have no objection to permitting him to
be heard. But so far as regards the evidence,
I presume every member here has distinctly
heard it read. If any gentleman,- taking in
view that evidence, can point out any eaccose
