160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
additional columns. The committee reported
seventy-three columns, double the number of
interrogatories contained in the schedule in
1860.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Eight have just
been added on the products of the forests.
Mr.WILKINSON. Thiswould makeeighty-
five altogether. I should like to have that
information, and more, but I fear that we may
so overload this bill as to break it down. The
schedule in 1860, when doubled up, was as
much as the enumerator could carry under his
arm. We have doubled that, and I must
oppose these amendments.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BIRD. I move to amend schedule three
by striking out in column sixty-eight the words
" value oi orchard products and berries," and
inserting additional columns to show separately
the value of apples, peaches, and berries, truck
and garden produce. In many sections of our
country it is of very great importance to show
precisely and definitely these values. Allusion
has been made to some of the minor topics
embraced in this schedule. I may say that in
1866 it was estimated that over a million dol-
lars' worth of berries were shipped from the
State of New Jersey alone. In the same year
from a single depot in the county of Hunter-
don over eighty thousand baskets of peaches
were shipped. It must be clear to the com-
mittee on a moment's reflection that the
returns of these articles when fully made will
show a result fitted to startle those portions_ of
the people who are not in the habit of raising
apples, peaches, berries, truck, and garden
produce, and will also afford evidence that in
certain sections where agricultural interests
have heretofore been neglected soils which
have been comparatively barren have, through
the proper instrumentalities, yielded very won-
drous results, and have increased almost incal-
culably the wealth of the country. I trust that
the committee will listen to the proposition,
and th-at the amendment I have offered will
prevail.
The question was taken on Mr. Bird's amend-
ment ; and it was disagreed to ; there being—
ayes twenty-eight, noes not counted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. At the sugges-
tion of several gentlemen who say that th  use
of the word "harvested" will be troublesome
with reference to some crops—for instance
cotton, with which a great many acres are
planted that are never harvested—I move to
strike out the word "harvested" wherever it
occurs in schedule No. 3, allowing simply the
words "acres" and "bushels" to remain. If-
this is done it will cure all the ambiguity of
which several gentlemen have spoken to ma.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Does the gentleman
from Ohio propose to substitute any other word
in the place of that which he strikes out ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I propose to
substitute nothing at all. There was no corre-
sponding word in the old schedules, and there
will be less difficulty if simply the words
"acres" and "bushels" are left.
Mr. DOX. I move the following substitute
for the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio:
In schedule No. 3, under the word " hay," strike
out the word " harvested" and insert tho words "cut
and secured;" under the word "cotton " strike out
the word "harvested" and insert tho word "planted:"
and add to the word " pounds " the words gathered
m the seed " and the word3 "the number of bales
of lxnt of four hundred and fifty pounds each pro-
duced.
I hope this will accomplish what the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has in view.
The questions propounded in the form sub-
mitted in the schedule as it is now before the
House would not be understood. I have never
heard of "harvesting" hay. What I have
heard of has been "haying and harvesting."
The change of phraseology I suggest with ref-
erence to hay is, 1 think, an obvious improve-
ment. Then as regards cstton: cotton in the
seed produces a lint but one third its weight.
I trust my amendment will be accepted by the
gentleman who has the bill in charge.
MESSAGE FKOil THE SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham, its Secre-
tary, announced that the Senate had passed
a joint resolution (S. fe. No. 77) authorizing a
distribution of the copies remaining in the
Department of State of the Tributes of the
Nations to Abraham Lincoln, in which he was
directed to request the concurrence of the
House.
NINTH CENSUS AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union resumed its session.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am willing to
accept the amendment of the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Dox] to substitute with refer-
ence to cotton, instead of "pounds," "bales
of four hundred and fifty pounds each," if the
gentleman will put that separately.
Mr. DOX. I accept that modification.
The amendment of Mr. Dox, as thus modi-
fied, was agreed to; and the amendment of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, as amended, was also
agreed to.
Mr. ARNELL. I move to amend schedule
four by inserting under the head of "labor,"
between columns eleven and twelve, the words
"owned or partially owned by its own work
people." It seems to me desirable to obtain
this information. There are many establish-
ments, especially newspaper offices, throughout
the country that are conducted on the coopera-
tive principle, and if this were inserted the
census of 1870 would show tho progress or
decline of-cooperation as an industrial princi-
ple. I think, therefore, that this inquiry should
be made under this schedule.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think the
gentleman will see that the third column in the
schedule realizes all that is valuable in his
amendment. It reads "number of owners or
partners working in the establishment.'' That
will include everything he asks for, and was
put in for that express purpose.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Aknell
was disagreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to schedule seven which I presume will
not be objected to by the gentleman who has
the bill in charge. It is to insert in columns
forty-two and forty-three, in charitable institu-
tions, ' 'soldiers' widowsand soldiers' orphans.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to offer an addi-
tional section to come in at the end of the bill,
and will state that I desire simply an oppor-
tunity to have a vote on it in the House.
Mr. JENCKBS. We have not yet disposed
of the schedules.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is on
the motion of the gentleman from Rhode Island
[Mr. Jexckes] to strike out the twenty-ninth
section and insert what has been read.
Mr. JENCKES. The amendment which I
have proposed embodies this idea: that Con-
gress shallnot prescribe the scliedulesor inter-
rogatories in the answers to which the inform-
ation which we seek is to be obtained, but that
the Superintendent of the Census shall frame
those interrogatories and prepare those sched-
ules in the manner best calculated to produce
the information which we desire. We are
undertaking to do two things, one of which
seems to me to be sufficient for Congress to
do, and the other should be left to the discre-
tion of the executive officer. One is to indi-
cate what statistical information we wish to
obtain in connection with taking the census,
designating the subjects; and also what opera-
tions and incidents relating to those subjects
we wish to have reported, and showing the
extent of the information which we require,
not only in relation to the subjects, but in rela-
tion to the persons and corporations from
which we wish to obtain it. That is a distinct
matter by itself. _ But the manner of obtain-
ing the information is an entirely different
thing.
Now, I presume that the person who is to be
appointed Superintendent of the Census will be
some statistician who knows more about the
practical methods of procuring statistical in-
formation than any orallofthe members of Con-
gress put together; for this subject of statistics
is a science, and men cannot obtain this
knowledge except after long study and much
expense. I make this motion not upon my
own judgment alone, but because every eminent
statistician in the country whom I have con-
sulted on the matter and others whom I have
not consulted, but who have volunteered their
advice, recommend that the schednles should
not be made a part of the bill. They all con-
cur in recommending that the executive officer
charged with the performance of this duty
should select the means by which the duty is
to be performed. We mark out for him, as I
have said, the subjects concerning which we want
information and the incidents to those subjects
which are to be reported. By framing sched-
ules we assume thatwe know more about those
details than these practical men do. The exact
converse is the truth. They know more about
this business than we possibly can. They know
how to frame schedules by which we should
obtain the information we require from Louis-
iana and Maryland, for instance. There are
some items in these schedules which should
not be the same in all the States of the Union.
We have here eighty or ninety interrogatories
to every farmer. We do not need to ask tho
farmers of Maryland or Massachusetts how
much sugar or molasses they raise, or the
farmers of Georgia, Alabama, or Louisiana
how much they produce, or how much clover
seed or hay seed they raise. These inquiries
should be framed according to the localities
where they are to be used, and instructions so
given that information from those different
localities may be procured with the least diffi -
culty. But to send out these schedules all
framed in one manner is simply to obstruct
the obtaining of the information in many
instances which can be given by the parties to
whom the schedules are distributed. Every
farmer is to have put in his hand a schedule
containing from eighty to ninety inquiries,
when perhaps forty of them do not relate to
his business at all.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then they will
not hurt him any.
Mr. JENCKES. They will simply embar-
rass him. Those questions relate to the busi-
ness of last year. In the case of an organized
businessof some established branch of industry,
where there are books kept and clerks to ex-
amine them, the information might be obtained
without much trouble. Butin the majority of
instances -what books does a farmer keep ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the Com-
mittee of the Whole will vote down the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Jenckes.] I have but two or three
words to say in reply to his speech. In the first
place, no Congress for seventy years has ever
ventured to empower any one man in the Uni-
ted States with authority to roam about and
demand of the citizens of" the United States,
under pains and penalties, that they shall an-
swer whatever questions he may choose to pro-
pound. The power with which a census-taker
is armed is an unusual power ; so remarkable
that a distinguished French writer has pointed
to it as one of the most remarkable instances
in modern history that a free nation, jealous
of its liberty, should be willing to subject its
people to such inquisitorial inquiries as are
made in our census, and he speaks of it as a
strong indication of their desire for statistical
information.
Never before, so far as I know, has it been
seriously proposed to put the whole range of
