3360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11
Louis A. Garnett was also examined, the gen-
eral manager of tho San Francisco Assay and
Refining Works; and several others.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not wish to protract
the discussion; but out of an annual product
of some forty millions of gold and twelve mil-
lions of silver on the Pacific coast, the branch
mint now is only parting about seven millions,
the remainder being either parted at private
refiaeries or exported unrefined. It is neces-
sary for the Government of the United States
to keep just as many persona employed at the
mint to refine seven millions as to refine fifty
millions; and here now is a business of refining
confined to seven millions in the branch mint
at San Framciaoo, which might be dispensed
with-without any loss, with an advantage to
the Government, and therefore all the em-
ploy6s who are engaged about this business of
refiningthese seven millions could be dispensed
with and so much saved to the United States.
The private refineries can afford to refine this
gold at a much less expense than the United
States; ia the first place, because they haveam-
pie accommodations, and in tho second place
because they have another and a dififerentpro-
cess, a modem process, the latest invention by
which very much is saved, in refining. Then
again there are products in this process of sep-
arating the gold from the Silver which nearly
compensate these private establishments for
the work of refining. The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Patterson] suggests to me
that the private refineries use sulphuric acid,
while the Government refinery uses nitric acid.
Sulphuric acid is much cheaper, and in an
establishment adapted to its use it can be made
to do this work at a very mnch less expense.
Mr. MORTON. What is to hinder the Gov-
ernment from adopting the most economical
process ?
Mr.WILLIAMS. The buildings of the Gov-
ernment at this time are not adapted to the
use of this process by the Government, and at
the same time I believe we hare a contract by
which the Government is bound to use the
nitric-acid process. I will read from the report
of Mr. Lindermatf, the special agent of the
Treasury, in which he explains this point:
"It is proper to explain why private refiners can
afford to refine at a less oost than the mint. It is
mainly due to.the fact that they have adopted a
process which, in Europe and elsewhere, has forsome
years superseded that still retained irt onr mints,
which is known as the sulphnrio-aoid process, the
gconomioal advantages of which are that the acid
itself is about one fourth the cost. The operations
require about one third the time, and the residues
are_ manufactured by them into valuable by-products
which are utilized in manufacturing, mining, and
agricultural pursuits."
The residuums left an the hands of the pri-
vate refineries after the gold and silver are
separated from each other are valuable, and
enable these private refineries to do the bnsi-'
ness at much less expense, while in the Gov-
ernment refineries xthey are all last.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What are these residu-
ums?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have seen them, but I
cannot remember the names of the various
compounds.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are they valuable on
account of the gold in them ?
Mr. WILL1AMS. No; they are used for j
mining, manufacturing, and agricultural pur- i
poses ; some in agriculture for manuring pur- !
poses,.and some in manufacturing for coloring
purposes, &£, This report says further :
"It may be. asked, why the mint cannot use the
same process. The reason seems to be that the sul-
phurie-aeid process is too offensive to be maintained ;
in the heart of a city, where it is necessary that the '
mint should be located for convenience and safety. I
Moreover, it requires much more space than the
nitric-acid process, or than can be afforded in such
institutions."
I will say that this amendment Simply leaves
it discretionary with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the Director of the Mint, if in their
judgment it will save expense to the United
States, to adopt this fhocfe t>f refining gold;
but if otherwise, there i« no obligation upon
them. The experience of England testifies
that private refineries can do this work for less
cost than the Government; and so in England
a law has been passed by which all unparted
gold is excludea from the mint; the mint is
prohibited from receiving any such unparted
gold, and the business of refining is confined
exclusively to private establishments. The
object of this amendment is to prepare the way
for the adoption of the same policy in the
United States, and it seems to me, as it i3
manifest that it will save expense to the Gov-
ernment, it ought to be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I remember that
this particular subject was before the Senate
and before the Committee on Appropriations
perhaps a year or two ago ; and I then endeav-
ored to get some knowledge in regard to it;
and I remember, although I cannot now state
very accurately, that I then thought it a very
delicate and difficult question. What it occurs
to me to say now is that it seems to me very
doubtful whether such a matter as this is a
proper subject for an appropriation bill. I
understand that this particular provision is
in a bill reported by the Committee on Finance,
covering some other questions, and that it is
germane to that bill. It does not seem to me
to be germane to this.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask my friend whether
a bill accomplishing the same purpose as this
amendment has not already passed the Senate?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That I do not
know.
Mr. PATTERSON. Such a bill did pass
last year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Perhaps that is
what I referred to. I knew my attention had
been called to the subject.
Mr. NYE. So-far from it, the law is expressly
against any Such thing.
*Ir. PATTERSON.
But the Jjilll referred
Mr.
to passed the Senate*
Mr. NYE. However that may be, the law
is expressly against Bnch a thing, and that pro-
vision was put into the law at the suggestion
of my colleague and myself.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have an indis-
tinct recollection of the faets; but I wish to
state to the Senate simply how the question
strikes <me. It is a question of so mnch deli-
cacy that it certainly ought not to go upon an
appropriation bill; it ought to require more
consideration. The proposition is, if I under-
stand it, to allow the Government to exchange
unrefined bars for bars that are refined, for
gold that is in a condition to be coined. That
is the proposition. How do we get at it? The
coiner goes to the Mint and deposits his gold
dust; the Government weighs it, pnts it into a
pot and melts it, and assays it. It is then in
what is called a erode bar, in a eohdition to be
refined. Now the process is fof the Government
to go on and refine it. It is Government prop-
erty the moment it is melted and in the bar.
The Government owns it, and pays the miner,
and it becomes -the Government's property.
Now the question is, why should not the Gov-
ernment refine it? The argument you have
heard. It is that private parties can do it bet-
ter ; bat you will see that now the Government
has the means of doing it, and is doing it. This
amendment provides that having those bars
assayed and melted, instead of defining them,
the Government shall turn them over to private j
parties, and they may refine them on such j
terms as the. Secretary of the Treasury may '
determine. j
Mr. SHERMAN. And the Director of the j
Mint. ,
Mr. MORRILL,'of Maine. You see where !
the margin is; and this is what created the ,
doubt in my mind. The margin is in fixing
these " terms." Of course if it could be ascer- j
tained to a demonstration that the Secretary !
has such knowledge of the facts in connection
with the refining of the Mint that we can ex-
change the unparted bars for refined bars on :
better terms than we can refine them ourselves 1
it would be a clear proposition that that ought
to be done. But it seems to me that dealino-
with a matter of so much consequence as goldt
when you have the assayed bar, when it, is your
property, when you have paid for it, and when
you have a process by which you can refine it
there can be no cheating and no mistake about
; it; we ought to be able to do it as well as pri
vate establishments can ; and then you will not
be open to the suggestion which I make, (mid
it is but a suggestion,) that in the making of th<>
terms between the refiners and the Secretary
or between those representing the Government.
1 and those who represent the private establish-
ments, the Government might not be as safe
I as it would be if it were in its own hands
! Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the Senator is
' laboring under a misapprehension. This
| amendment does not contemplate that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall make any terms
; with private refineries ; but when one of these
private refiners brings a bar of refined gold to
the Mint it authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury and the Director of the Mint to give
to him an unparted bar.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On some terms.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Of course there is an
exchange.
j Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is all I
meant—that they would make an exchange on
some terms. Whether that is equitable or not
I do not know; whether that it practicable or
not I do not know. I mean to say that it is so
delicate a subject and it is fraught with so many
difficulties that it seems to me it ought not to
go on an appropriation bill, and particularly
as the Senate already has before it a bill which
embraces t?he same subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a pretty delicate
subject, and I for one am always indisposed
to legislate about the mints without grave con-
sideration. They are specialties, generally
complicated, and outside persons usually do
not understand the complications of the mints.
This proposition, however, has received a great
deal of consideration. It has been submitted
by the officers of the Government now for two
j years, and the Committee on Finance has cer-
tainly given it a good deal of attention. The
thing resolves itself into very simple elements.
There are, I may say, three different pro-
cesses through which unrefined ore or dust
goes before it becomes the gold coin of the
United States. It is brought in by the miner
in a mixed lot ariti is melted by the United
States. The miner has the right to receive
the full value of that metal. It is melted and
assayed by the Government. That is a very
simple process, I am told, and the precise value
of this nugget of gold is ascertained and paid
to the miner. After that it has to be refined;
and that process separates the silver and the
alloy from the gold and reduces it to what is
called standard gold, nine tenths fine and one
tenth alloy. That is called the refined bar.
It is then ready for coinage.
Mr. NYE. Not quite.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator, I suppose,
is familiar with the process. There must be
certain alloys added then, perhaps.
Mr. NYE. Certainly. It has to be annealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the general pro-
cess through which it goes. This refining here-
tofore has always been don6 at the Mint of the
United States for all the gold coinage; but
recently an invention has been made, I think
by a Mint officer, by which sulphuric acid is
introduced into the process in the work of
refining, that is changing the original nugget
into refined gold, by which the process is sim-
plified and cheapened. That process cannot
be carried on at the mints of the United States
beoanse sulphuric acid is so offensive in its
nature that in the limited space occupied by
Our mints 
Mr. NYE. Allow me to state that probably
there is not a mint anywhere in the country
situated in a more dense population or in a
more confined locality than the assay office
