1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1473
of which the circumstances admit, any reason !
why the action of the House should be de- :
laved, I certainly shall not object to such
delav- But in view of the manner in which
members of this House have been assailed, I
think that when evidence of this character is
placed before the House there is no reason
whv any man should be accused of unneces-
sary haste in asking prompt action. There is
no delay that could uo any good so far as this
evidence is concerned, whether it were placed
before the House, before the country, or before
n jury.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] will
Tield to me for a moment I desire to have read
a resolution which I have drawn, and which I
think will not be objected to. When it shall
have been read I would like to make a single
remark upon it.
Mr. LOGAN. I yield for the purpose of
allowing the resolution to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Hetolved, That B. F. WniTTgMORE, a member of
this House, be permitted to appear at the bar of the
House on Thursday next, after the morning hour,
to be heard in his defense, and show cause, if any
tie have, why sentence of expulsion should not be
passed against him, as recommended by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from Illinois to yield to me for a
moment.
Mr. LOGAN. I will hear what the gentle-
man has to say.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to add to the resolution a clause providing
that in the mean time the evidence be printed.
Whatever may be our impressions upon hear-
ing the evidence which has been read, what-
ever may be the feelings with which we regard
the transaction in question, it is but due to
ourselves, as it seems to me, that we should
give to the party implicated, if he desires it, a
hearing at the bar of the House at some time,
as early as may be, and yet sufficiently distant
to allow him an opportunity to prepare him-
self upon this very momentous question to
him as well as to the House. This is but fair
play. It is but just to the House as well as to
the accused that a proper time should be
allowed for this purpose.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me to put an inquiry to
him ?
Mr. LOGAN. I have the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to put an inquiry
to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to put a question to
that gentleman myself.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I simply wished to ask
whether the gentleman from Massachusetts has
any information that the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Whittemore] desires to speak?
Mr. LOGAN. I have said several times that
if Mr. Whittemore himself desires to make
any defense whatever I am ready to give him a
hearing. He has not said to me that he enter-
tained such a desire. The committee have
given him all the time he asked before them.
If the gentleman from Massachusetts will say
to this House that Mr. Whittemore desires
time to make a defense the question can be
decided by the House. I certainly would not
refuse to any man the right to defend himself.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think,
Mr. Speaker, that Mr. Whittemore should not
be called upon to decide that question under
these most embarrassing circumstances ; and
hence without waiting to see whether he would
make the proposition I have submitted it to
the House. I think Mr. Whittemore may not
be in a condition of thought, or judgment, or
consideration to decide that question at once.
If the time named in my resolution does not
Meet the approval of the House I am willing
to fix to-morrow after the morning hour, or, if
it be thought preferable, to-morrow at four
O'clock.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman proposes
41st Cong. 2d JSbss.—No. 93.
to-morrow after the morning hour I certainly
would have no objection. I am not disposed
to press this matter to a vote unless the House
is willing.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend my proposition so as to make it to-
morrow after the morning hour.
Mr. POLxVND. Can the testmony bo printed
by that time ?
Mr. LOGAN. Of course it will be printed
in the G lobe.
Mr. POLAND. It seems to me of the high-
est importance that this testimony should be
printed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
willing to say Wednesday after the morning
hour.
Mr. POLAND. I do not object to that if
we can get the testimony printed.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to say a word before the vote is taken.
Mr. LOGAN. I will yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say thatl do not think
any case of this kind was ever acted on by the
House without the testimony being in print,
and I think so much time ought to be granted
to the House in this case as will give us the
testimony in print.
Mr. LOGAN. I have not conferred with the
committee ; but I will take the responsibility
of saying that I am willing that the case shall
be set down for a hearing on Wednesday next
at one o'clock.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I accept
that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It will not be possi-
ble to get the evidence printed by that time.
Mr. CULLOM. There will be no difficulty
about getting the testimony printed long before
that time.
The SPEAKER. If it be fixed at one
o'clock on Wednesday, it will interrupt the
morning hour; and if it be set down to be
heard after the morning hour, there may be
no morning hour on that day, and it will then
not come up at all. The Chair will suggest
to the gentleman to fix the hour at two o'clock
on Wednesday.
Mr. LOGAN. I will modify my motion in
that way.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
from Illinois that he can call it up any time he
pleases, and if he fixes the time he has indi-
cated it may interfere with the morning hour
or with other important business of the House.
When the testimony is printed the gentleman
can give notice at what time he will call it up.
Mr. COBURN. There is no sense in delay-
ing one moment the decision of this case, if
we do not wait long enough to have this evi-
dence printed, and in addition to that afford
time enough to read it. I do not understand
that this House is a military commission ; I do
not understand that this House is a court-mar-
tial; I do not understand there is any reason
why we should rush into the decision of this
question, which will affect the character of
that gentleman and of his family for all time
to come. Why this haste? What have we
done that we should make haste to wash our
hands of anything ? We owe it as a matter of
self-respect to ourselves as men of sense, as
men establishing a precedent most important
in its character—perhaps none more important
will occur during our term of service here—we
owe it to ourselves to go about this matter
calmly and deliberately.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. One word.
I set a short time in order to hear from this
party in his own defense before the rebound
and reflex of party journals upon an ex-parte
case.
Mr. COBURN. I do insist, on a matter of
so much importance, that we shall have time
to deliberate upon this testimony. I have
heard the testimony read, and I believe it will
take an hour or two, even after it is in print,
to make up our minds upon it. Judges never
act with such haste, and in matters of ordin-
ary legislation we have not been in the habit
of rushing to a conclusion so summarily. I do
not know but we should hear from the witness
Shaw. It may be necessary in order to form
a correct judgment on the matter.
Mr. DAVIS. This resolution does not call
for a vote at the time fixed, but merely sets
down that day for the hearing of the case at
the bar of the House on that day.
Mr. COBURN. I understand that.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman must agree
that the sooner the party is heard in his own
defense the better it will be.
Mr. COBURN. I am not speaking from
any suggestion on the part of Mr. Whitte-
more ; but it strikes me that we owe it to our
own self-respect to take time to consider this
matter.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a parlia-
mentary question. If the further considera-
tion of this subject be postponed to any given
hour, will it not come up at that time as a
question of privilege ?
The SPEAKER. It will, as it is a question
of the highest privilege.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. The gentleman can
call it up at any time, and why not take that
course instead of adopting the resolution of
the gentleman from Massachusetts ?
The SPEAKER. In further answer to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
the Chair would state that the resolution would
go over as unfinished business, and as such
must be disposed of.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And therefore I sug-
gest that we ought to postpone it.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to make a remark or
two, and I do it in behalf of the Committee on
Military Affairs. I see no necessity for gentle-
men throwing out insinuations, nor for this
excitement that has sprung up in the minds
of some gentlemen.
The question has been asked, why should
such haste be exhibited in presenting the res-
olution ? In answer to that I say that no
committee of investigation ever gave a man
against whom charges were brought a fuller
opportunity of defending himself, by coming
before the committee and having his state-
ments taken down, so a3 to be put in as
part of the evidence in the report to Congress.
This committee has given every privilege that
could be accorded to a man in this position.
They have shown no desire to persecute any
person in this House or outside of it; but
they have acted fairly in every possible way
toward the gentleman who is implicated. They
even notified him, and I myself told him what
the testimony was. I had it read to him, and
gave him every opportunity to bring witnesses,
that he might defend himself by the statements
of himself and his witnesses. If the commit-
tee of investigation offered all these oppor-
tunities to the gentleman, it is not fair to
say that there has been an attempt on their
part to press this charge. There has been no
such thing. I asked Mr. Whittemore time
and again if he wished to make any defense.
When I offered this resolution I told him that
if he did I was ready, onbehalf of the commit-
tee, to give him an opportunity of making his
defense. I am ready to do so now.
Gentlemen have only asked on behalf of Mr.
Whittemore the postponement of the resolu-
tion. I have agreed to that; and what more
can gentlemen ask from the committee than
that they should assent to the proposition
which they themselves made ? We have
agreed to it. We are willing that the case
should be postponed till Wednesday, that Mr.
Whittemore may then be heard. That is
certainly time enough, if the only object ol
the delay is to give Mr. Whittemore a hear-
ing ; but if gentlemen want to postpone the
case to allow time for the purpose of hunting
up more witnesses—if that is the object, and
if it is intended to make the House an invest-
igating committee, then I say I am not will-
