1870.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GXQBU.
3301
in Nf w York, and jet the sulphuriq-actd pro-
cess is used there entirely; and by an improve-
ment the offensive odor is altogether removed.
Mr SHERMAN. . It is said that in Cali-
fornia—and this can only' affect oar mint in
California, for that is the only place where
there are private parties prepared^ to dp the
reliniug—the great body of our gold is exported
iii bulk or in the form of bullion,, aud never
goes through the process necessary to make it
coin of the United States. It is exported in a
different form, and consequently the great body
of the gold of the United States is put in the
form of bullion for exportation by private refin-
eries. The whole operation of this amendment
is to enable the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Director of the Mint, when they think
something can be saved by it, to exchange the
unparted bars, or nuggets, as I call them, for
the refined gold ready for coinage or ready to
bo prepared for coinage. After the fullest ex-
amination, it seems to me, on this statement
of the facts, which appear to be undisputed—
we have the official reports of one or two Di
rectors of the Mint, and of various officers of
the Government on the subject—that it cannot
woik injuriously to the Government.
Whether or not such a provision ought to be
put upon an appropri Am bill, every Senator
oaajudge for himself. The whole effect of it
is tiy authorize a portion of the work done
on the gold to be transferred from the mints
of the United States to private refineries, under
such rules and regulations as may be prescribed
by the Director of the Mint and the Secretary
of the Treasury.
The effect will be probably to increase the
coinage of gold. Less of it will be exported
abroad in the form of bullion, and more of it
will go ipto the gold coinage of the United
States. That seems to me an advantage, be-
cause the Government derives a small revenue
from coininggold, aud it is certainly a matter of
public policy to convert as-much of the bullion
of the United State? into gold coin as possible,
rather than to export it in the form of bullion.
The advantage that the Government gets, also,
is in saving whatever can be saved in the differ-
ence between the cost of refilling by private
persons and the cost of refining at the public
mints. That probably will not be very much,
but it is something. There is no possibility
by which the Government can lose anything,
it seems to me, and therefore the Finance
Committee thought the arrangement was an
advantageous one. It is recommended by
different officers of the Government, and I can-
not see, after analyzing the matter carefully,
that by any possibility the Government can
lose by it. It may deprive gome of the mints
of the United States, like that at Carson City,
for instance, of a portion of their work. That.
I suppose, is one:of the benefits to be derived
from the proposition.
Mr. NYE. That is one of the objects you
k ve in moving it. .
Mr. SHERMAN. It might rfrsolt that the
aims of the United States would have a little
less to do, bnt certainly that would not be a
loss to the Government if wo could thereby
save money.
Mr. NY 15. Then I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator from Ohio why he
persists in buildihg a mint at San Francisco
four times as large as the present one if the
refining is to be taken Away ?
. -Jr. SHERMAN. I do not persist in build-
ing any mints. I imagine that if anybody is
voting to build a new mint it is the Senators
from Nevada and the Senators from California.
My impression is that I am rather on the other
side.
Mr. NYE., Jf this question is to be discussed
here it will take some time to do it. It is a.
Question upon which, I have a good deal of
ieeiiug, aud it is a, question that needs more
discussion than it can have here on this prop-
osition as an amendmint to this bill. Now,
*.submit to the, honorable Senator who has
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 211.
moved this amendment that there >8   bill on
the Calendar to regulate the mints of the Uni-
ted States. Let this be a part of that, and
then we shall enter on iu discussion deliber-
ately and ooolly. In regard to two or three
of the positions I wish to discuss I have not
the authorities at hand to refer to.
Mr. MORTON. I would like to ask the Sen-
ator one question. Suppose this amendment
passes and,goes into operation, and shall be ac-
cepted by the superintendent of the mint in San
Francisco, I ask whether the effect would not
be to break up the melting and refining estab1
lishment on the part of the Government of the
United States, and after that to leave the Gov-
ernment in the hands of theprivate refineries?
Mr. NYE. That is what I was about to say.
I am not disposed to enter op the discu^ioA
of this question if tho honorable Senator from
Oregon will just let it pass over to the mint
bill,, and then we oanhavetirne to debate it fully.
It seems to me to,be more germane to that. X
propose, if we want to cheapen our mint, to
have it done in the way proposed by the hon-
orable Senator from California, [Mr. Cole,]
by taking off all cha,rge for opining. If you
mean to cheapen the labor of your mint take
off the cost of coinage. All these points have
got to be discussed if this amendment is to be
urged on this bill, and it will take more than
to-day to do it. It is now almost time to adjourn.
Mr, WILLIAMS. This, question h^s been
urged upon the Committee on Finance for two
or three years by the Secretaries of the Treas-
ury and by the persops connected with the
business of refining and minting in the United
States, and there is no division of opinion
among them as to the necessity of this legisla-
tion to the Government. It has been demon-
strated in England that this is the true policy,
and a law has been passed there- 
Mr. NYE, When was it,passed ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Within the present year,
1870. '
Mr. NYE. Have you got it?.
Mr. W1LLIAMS. I have a copy of the law.
Mr. NYE. Let us see it,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will showit to the,£!en-
ator. The Committee on Finance have reported
a separate bill for the purpose of producing this
result; and when it wascalled up theother day
the Senator from Nevada objected to the con-
sideration of the proposition in the shape of a
separate hill, and then I gave notice that I
would.move, under the instructions of the Com-
mittee on Finance, to amend this appropriation
bill by putting this measure upon, it, on, the
ground that, in connection with the business
of melting and refining, for which provision
was made in. the bill, it would reduce the ex-
penses of the Government, so that it was a
legitimate matter to go upon this appropria-
tion bill.
I hav^, no disoretion in this matter ; I am
acting under the instructions of the Finance
I Committee; and the question may as well be
! considered here as in any othsr place. I think
| the Senator from Nevada is mistaken in siip-
j posing that this legislation will necessarily
i injure the branch mint at Carson City, for if
the Secretary of the Treasury in his judgment
shall deem it advisable to have the refining
done at the branch mint in Carson City for
that mint he will so order ; but if Otherwise,
if the refining can be done elsewhere, and the
bullion refined can be furnished to that mint,
of course the Secretary will so order; but it
does not necessarily follow that this will injure
the branch mint.
Then, while I should be very unwilling, if I
could avoid it, to disoblige the Senator, or to do
any harm to that branch mint, yet upon agveat
question affecting the whole United States and
the interests of the Government, it seems to
me that consideration alone ought not to con-
trol it.
In addition to what I Said before, there is no
doubt that it can be demonstrated with mathe-
matical certainty that the refining of this gold
at private refineries will increase the coinage
of the United States, for the reason that now
an unparted bar is worth more for exportation
than it is.for purposes of coinage. If a man
can go intQ the oity of San Francisco and buy
an unparted bar and take it to England and
have it refined for nothing, men will speculate
in these bars. They will buy them up and take
them out of the country, take them to England
to have them refined and to have them coined.
Business of that kind will be conducted, and
the amount of coinage in the United States will
be largely reduced by that business. To-day
there is a large business going on between San
Francisco and Europe by which unparted bars
are purchased up there by persons and trans-
ported to England for the purpose of being
refined, because profit can be made upon it.
It is for the purpose of keeping these bars in
the United States and having them converted
into coin here, and having that coin put into
circulation in this country, that this amendment
is proposed, as well as the saving of expense
to the United States in other ways.
-Now, sir, this business of refining is a new
business in the Mint pf the United States*
Prior to, the war the business of the Mint was
exclusively coinage j but when gold was dis-
covered in California, and the necessities of the
war came upon us, then ,the business of refin-
ing was added to the business of coinage in the
Mint. It.has been found to be productive of
loss and expense to the United State?. The
necessity for continuing this system has passed
away ; and this amendment simply proposes to
return to that condition of things which existed
prior to the war.
. Mr, NYE, Does the honorable Senator mean
to say that there was no refining in our Mint
before the rebellion?
, Mr, WILLIAMS. There was for a little
while before the rebellion.
1 Mr.. NYE. A good while before.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There was not any before
the vast amount of gold produced in California
made it necessary to establish this business of
refiqing in connection with the Mint. 1 do not
remember the precise year i hut I undertake
to aa£ that for the greater portion of the time
since the orgauization of the Government tho
business of the Mist has been coinage. The
only legitimate business of a mint is to coin,
money; and to refine gold is no more the busi-
ness of the Mint of the United States than it is
to dig gold.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, thisis a sim-
ple proposition which goes to theeconorny of
the Government and to enhancing the value of
bullion, The mjner has an interest in it if tho
value of his bullion can be enhanced by cheap-
ening the process. He takes bis bullion in a
crude,state to the Mint. .It is there melted and
assayed, and he is paid for it, after deducting
the charges of the Mint, fhen- the bullion
becomes tho property of the United States.
The United States then refine it and coin it;
but in doing that they make a large allowance
for wastage. Tho defalcations in the Mint have
oceurred, not in the assaying, for there is no
chance of any there, but in this subsequent
refining. The defalcation in San Francisco of
several hundred, thousand dollars resulted from
this wastage going up through the chimney in
this refining process.
If the Government did not refine at all, but
received refined bars, and disposed of its bul-
lion for the exact assayed value of the received
refined bars, they would avoid this risk, for
which the allowance is very large, in the Mint,
The allowance for what may be lost in this pro-
cess of refining may run up., as I understand,
as high as $100,000 in a year. That risk,
which the Government take in this delicate
process, can be avoided if they can find private
establishments that will do the work and bring
them refined bullion. Of course they would
not make the exchange unless it could be re-
fined cheaper there than it.could be in the Gov-
ernment establishment.
