1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24|7
olution calling on the Secretary of the Navy
for any information that he had on this subjcct.
The Senatorfroin Indiana subsequently moved
this resolution, I understand. The Secretary
of the Navy sent a report to the Senate yester-
day in which he states that he has sent all the
details he has received, and which are very
voluminous, to the House of Representatives,
and that as the House would undoubtedly have
them printed it was unnecessary to send them
here. It seems to me that the proper course
now would be to refer that communication of
the Secretary of the Navy to the Committee on
Foreign Relations of the Senate. The resolu-
tion ot the Senator from Indiana having been
drawn some days ago, before this information
was sent in, is not so appropriate now that
we have very voluminous information on the
subject.
Mr. MORTON. I will state to the Senator
that the resolution I offered—a Senate resolu-
tion—I have abandoned in view of the fact that
this resolution was passed by the House unan-
imously yesterday, and directs an investigation
by the Navy Department. I simply ask the
passage of this House resolution this morning,
that the investigation may be had.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have no objection at
all, and I shall vote for its passage; but, if the
gentleman will permit me, I should like to
move to take from the table the communica-
tion of the Secretary of the Navy and refer it
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mx-. MORTON. I shall have no objection
to that after we pass this resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the resolution be
reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be again
reported. Does the Senator desire the pre-
amble also reported?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir; I should like
to hear the whole of it.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. I think that is a very
proper resolution, Mr. President, and I hope
it will pass.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOCKTON. I now ask that the Sen-
ate take from the table the letter of the Secre-
tary of the Navy in regard to this matter, and
refer it, with the printed evidence communi-
cated by him to the House of Representatives,
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to suggest to my
honorable friend from New Jersey that the ref-
erence be to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. STOCKTON. I moved to refer it to
the Committee on Foreign Relations because I
saw that yesterday the House of Represent-
atives had referred the communication sent to
them to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. My
own impression is that it is better to refer it
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, as it
involves matters that occurred out of our juris-
diction.
Mr. MORTON. Very well; I have no objec-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from New Jersey,
to refer the documents to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND .MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWNLOW presented resolutions
adopted^at amass meeting of the German citi-
zens of Knoxcounty, Tennessee, remonstrating
against the interference of Congress in the
affairs of that State; which were referred to the
Committee on the J udiciary.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I present a
paper signed by the president of the associated
banks and by private bankers of the city of
St. Louis, addressed to myself, favoring the
passage of the funding bill. That bill has been
passed by the Senate; but yet, as this is a sub-
sequent expression in its favor, and may be
possibly of some use to the Committee on
41ss? Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 152.
Finance, I would ask that it be referred to
that committee. I make this request with the
consent of the chairman of the committee.
Mr. HAMLIN. I object to the reception of
the paper. It is not addressed to Congress ;
it does pot belong here. All the Senator says
in relation to the use of the paper is true, and
if the subject shall be again before us and be-
fore the committee it will be in the Senator's
power to pass the communication over to the
committee; but it is certainly not within the
rules of parliamentary law for the body to
receive all outside communications that may
be addressed to members of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine objects to the reception of the
paper; and the question is, "Shall it be
received?"
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is any fault in
this matter, I wish to take it upon myself, be-
cause the Senator from Missouri proposed to
offer me the paper as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, and I told him that we re-
ceived our papersusually by way of reference in
proper form. I do not eare what course is
taken ; I am perfectly willing to take charge
of the paper.
Mr. DRAKE. I beg to exculpate myself
from any intention of presenting a paper that
was not properly presentable. I at first marked
on the back of it a reference of it by myself to
the Committee on Finance. In conversation,
the honorable chairman of that committee sug-
gested this mode of presenting it and having it
go to the committee. I certainly do not wish
to present anything in an improper manner.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the reception of the paper.
Mr. C0NKLING-. I have no wish to inter-
pose against the reception of this particular
communication or against the Senator from
Missouri. I wish, however, to say that we all
receive I think—I am sure I do—a great many
communications touching public business. If
it were in order to present them to the Senate,
of course the expectation would be generally
that they were to be presented ; and being with-
held, it might look as if there was some want
of consideration, possibly some disrespect, to
those who send them. I had supposed a paper
was not properly within the category of a peti-
tion or memorial unless it was addressed to
Congress. If I have been wrong in that I have
withheld a great many papers coming from
highly respectable authority and communieat-
ingreally very valuable information about pend-
ing matters; and I should have been glad to
know that the rule was so all-embracing, be-
cause it would hava given me great pleasure to
present them. Therefore I think if the rule be
as the Senator from Maine announces it and
as I understand it, we had better adhere to it,
to the end that we may not be put in the atti-
tude of treating with disrespect particular com-
munications and advancing others.
Mr. SHERMAN. The paper referred to,
and which was shown to me, is a paper signed
by a great number of persons in regard to a
bill pending before Congress, and therefore it
seemed to me in the nature of a petition or
memorial evidently intended for the use of
Congress, it so appearing from the very con-
tents of the paper itself.
Mr. CONKLING. I have quite recently
received a paper not only so signed, but signed
by gentlemen who had met formally in meet-
ing for the purpose, had a chairman, &e.,
and they addressed it to me and signed it, but
it never occurred to me that for that reason I
could launch it on the sea of petitions.
Mr. DRAKE. I will withdraw the paper
and hand it privately to the Committee on
Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The paper is
withdrawn.
Mr. CATTELL. Mr. President: I present
a memorial signed by a number of the leading
manufacturers of cotton and woolen goods in
New Jersey and Pennsylvania, havimj in their
employ between nine and ten thousand oper-
atives. These memorialists represent that great
injustice has been done the industrial interests
of the country m the last report of Hon. D,
A. Wells, Special Commissioner of the Rev-
enue, and cite instances in the report in proof
of their allegation. Many of these memorial-
ists are personally known to me, and are gen-
tlemen of the highest respectability and intel-
ligence. They respectfully-express their belief
that the pretended statistics of the Commis-
sioner will be found erroneous; that his con-
clusions are a libel Ujjpn American manufac-
turers and working men, and that his recom-
mendations will be a most dangerous guide to
legislation. And they respectfully ask that a
special and searching examination be made of
the cited and other allegations of said report
and of the data on which they are based, that
the truth may be made public, and error, how-
ever strongly indorsed, may be effectually con-
futed. I move that this memorial be referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.  
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, presented four-
teen petitions of citizens of Texas, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege;
which were ordered to lio on the table.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I also present
the petition of Caleb H. Blood, a loyal citi-
zen of the United States residing at Browns-
ville, Cameron county, Texas, representing
that he was appointed United States consul at
Monterey, Mexico, in 1862 ; that while admin-
istering the duties of his office there he ex-
pended the sum $724 12 in coin or its equiva-
lent ; that afterward in 1863, while engaged
in mercantile pursuits at Matamoras, at the
mouth of the river, he expended other sums in
sehding recruits to the United States Army
and in support of refugees and loyalists who
were driven from Texas. The amount which
he claims is $6,90-2 87. I move the reference
of his petition to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON presented the memorial of
General G. Cluseret, asking that Congress take
such action as will secure to every American
citizen arrested while abroad a fair hearing
and trial of his cause; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. VICKBRS. I have been requested to
present resolutions of the Colored Philosoph-
ical and Historical Society of Richmond, Vir-
ginia, and I ask that they be read. They are
addressed to the Senate.
The Secretary proceeded to read, as follows:
To the honorable (he Senate and House of Hepresent-
atives of the United Slates in Congress assembled:
The following preamble and resolutions were unan-
imously adopted by the Colored Philosophical and
Historical Society of Richmond, Virginia, at a moot-
ing held on February 5,1870:
Whereas history tells us that the illustrious, en-
thusiastic, and noble-hearted Christopher Columbus
was born in the ci'ty of Genoa about the year 1435,
and that he first offered his services to John II of
Portugal,, who deceived and very unhandsomely
treatod him, and therefore in 148) he went to Spain
and made his suit at tho Court of Ferdinand and
Isabella, and at iast through their generous impulses
he was enabled, on Friday, August 3,1492, to embark
on his adventurous voyage to discover tho land which
he knew must boon theotherside of the great waters;
and whereas he was happily preserved from violence,
and on tho 12th day of October, 1492, ho was glad-
dened by the lull view of land, the great mystery of
the ocean lay before him, and the theory which wise
and learned men had scoffed at was now triumph-
antly established, and he had secured to himself a
glory as everlasting as the world itself; and whereas
it is also known that tho name of America, which
was applied* to a portion ol the western oontinont
soon after its discovery 
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
dispense with the further reading of this paper
and have it printed. I do not know what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas moves to dispense with the fur-
ther reading. .
Mr. VICKERS. I ask to have it read and
printed.
Several Senatobs. Oh, no.
Mr. VICKERS. It is not very long.
Mr. POMBROY. We do not want the
