1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4305
Several Senators. Let us have the question
on the appeal.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate?"
The question being put, the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
MILITARY SUPPLIES IN REBEL STATES.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No. 249) for the settlement of claims forquar-
master's and commissary stores furnished to
or taken by the United States within the States
in rebellion during the late war, upon which
the Senate adjourned on the last evening that
the Calendar was taken up, is before the Sen-
ate, and will be read.
Mr. SUMNER. I object.
Mr. DRAKE. Let it be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being ob-
jected to, the bill will be passed over.
MEMPHIS, EL PASO, AND PACIFIC ItOAD.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No.^ 9) granting the
right of way to the Memphis, El Paso, and
Pacific Railroad Company from El Paso to
the Pacific ocean.
Mr. HOWARD and Mr. SPENCER. That
was indefinitely postponed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A joint reso-
lution of the same title was indefinitely post-
poned.
Mr. HOWARD. There are two of the same
title, one of the House and one of the Senate.
I move the indefinite postponement of this
joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
services in insurrectionary status.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 21) authorizing payment to be made for
certain services rendered to the United States
in the late insurrectionary States.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to the considera-
tion of that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being ob-
jected to, the bill will be passed over.
bridges across the ohio river.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 256) in relation to bridges across the
Ohio river. .
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object
to the consideration of that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will be passed over.
mrs. margaret a. laurie.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 270) for the relief of Mrs. Margaret
A. Laurie ; which was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Mrs. Margaret A. Laurie the sum of $2,000
for rent for her house and premises in the
District of Columbia used by the _ United
States authorities for medical and hospital pur-
poses from June 80, 18G2, to June 30, lbGo,
and in full for all demands or claims against
the United States in connection therewith.
Mr. SPRAGUE. There have been two
favorable reports on that bill, and it is a claim
to which there can be no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear
: the report read. I do not see why this claim
is not paid by the Department, if it is such a
t case as is stated in the bill. . The Government
; certainly pays for the buildings it uses in tms
* DThe°PBESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
,< understands there are some papers accompany-
ing the bill but no report.
( Mr. SPRAGUE. I will inform the Senator
f from Illinois that there was an actual conflict
* of jurisdiction. This property was occupied
* by the troops as they first came into Washing-
ton. The first Rhode Island regiment, under
t the three months' call for seventy-five thousand
f troops, occupied this property, and from that
41st Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 270.
time, without any particular appropriation or
order regulating it, the property was occupied
first by the military, then by the quartermas-
ter's department, and then by the medical
department, without any special instructions.
Mrs. Laurie was kept out of her property from
the beginning of the war almost to its conclu-
sion, and could not obtain a proper recognition
of her claim. This I know. The damage to
the property was shown by affidavits, authen-
ticated before the committee, to be of a much
larger amount than the amount favorably re-
ported upon by the committee. The actual
damage to the property, as authenticated by
affidavits, was $3,000, but the committee,
under the circumstances, report $2,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
where the properly was.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is property lying north
of the Capitol.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The vacant ground?
Mr. SPRAGUE. No ; the house was occu-
pied, and the grounds were occupied, and soon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Lying out toward the
Corcoran place?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, in that vicinity. It
was regularly occupied and taken, and greatly
damaged. Mrs. Laurie is a loyal woman.
Perhaps no woman in Washington was of more
service to our troops, in one way and another,
than this woman.
Mr. ANTHONY. My colleague reminds
me now by the remarks he has made that I
was upon the Committee 011 Claims when this
claim was examined some years ago. The
difficulty was that in the 'beginning of the war,
when the first and second Rhode Island regi-
ments came here and encamped on that ground-—■
for they were both on that ground, I think—
the order to occupy the premises was not given
by the precise competent authority. The mili-
tary rules and regulations were not so well
established as they were afterward. ■ Although
there is no doubt whatever, it is perfectly
proved that the grounds and 'the house were
occupied for military purposes and for the
benefit of the Government, yet the precise offi-
cer who was authorized to give the order could
not give the certificate for it.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
IIEIRS OK COLONEL GATES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 272) to settle the claim of the heirs of
the late Colonel William Gates, of the United
States Army ; which was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay $5,567 50 to Mrs. H. L. Gates,
widow of the late Colonel William Gates, of
the United States Army, who acted as col-
lector of revenue or military contributions
during the late war with Mexico, under the
direction of the Presideut of the United States,
it being the amount of his share of the pro-
ceeds of the sale of the schooner Oregon and
cargo, seized and confiscated in April, 1847,
at the port of Tampico, being equal to the
share of his deputy, Franklin Chase and others,
his subordinates, who, by special acts of Con-
gress, have been allowed and paid their shares
of the vessel and cargo.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
HOCUS OP LAEOit.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (II. R. No. 72) to regulate the
hours of labor of Government laborers, work-
men, and mechanics.
, Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is an
! amendment to that pending.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ Tne joint
resolution is before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and unless objected to will
be read at length.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution, as
follows:
Be it resolved, &c. That the joint resolution reduc-
ing and regulating tho hours of labor of Government
laborers, workmen, and mechanics, approved Jane
25,1868, shall not bo so construed as to authorizo a
corresponding reduction in wages.
Mr. MORTON. Let that be passed over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can we not have the
amendment read and vote on it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chiee Clerk. The amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, was to
strike out all after the resolving clause and
insert:
That tho act entitled "An act constituting eight
hours a days work for all laborers, workmen, and
mechanics employed by or on behalf of the Govern-
ment of the United States," approved Juno 25,1868,
bo and tho same is hereby repealed.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. MORTON. This will lend to discus-
sion. I object.
Mr. SPENCER. If the amendment is per-
sisted in I will object. It will lead to debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution will be passed over.
SUPREME COURT JURISDICTION.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 280) in relation to the appellate juris-
diction of the Supreme Court of the United
States in certain cases.
Mr. THURMAN. Let that go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being ob-
jected to, the bill will be passed over.
IMPORTUNITIES OP MEMBERS OP CONGRESS.
Tho next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 298) to relieve members of Congress
from importunity, and to preserve the inde-
pendence of tho different Departments of the
Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall be
allowed to vote on that bill.
Mr. THAYER, Let it go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
washington international exhibition.
The next bill on the Calendar was tho bill
(S. No. 291) to encourage and promote the
International Industrial Exhibition to be held
in Washington city in the year 1871.
Mr. HAMLIN. Pass it over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
polygamy in utah.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 286) to provide for the execution of the
lav/ against the crime of polygamy in the Ter-
ritory of Utah, and for other purposes.
Mr. FOWLER. Let that be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over, objection being made.
STEAMSHIPS TO EUROPE.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 81) declaratory and
amendatory of the act entitled ' 'An act to pro-
vide lor an American line of mail and emi-
grant passenger steamships between New York
and one or more European ports," passed July
27, 1868.
Mr. THURMAN. Let that go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution will be passed over.
thleckapiis to poreign countries.
The next bill on tho Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 115) relating to telegraph commumca-
tion between tho United States and foreign
00mSeWABT and Mr. spencer. Let
it officer. The bill will
be passed over.
french spoliations.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
