5250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
out of the contingent fund of the House, for it
is a standing law that ail of these expenses
shall be paid out of funds for which there is
an appropriation. I hope the gentleman will
strike out that part of the resolution. It is a
violation of law, and could not be allowed at
the Treasury Department.
Mr. FERRY. I will modify the report in
that respect.
Mr. DICKEY. Is this a privileged report ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. FERRY. I desire the attention of the
House for a few moments. The Committee on
the Rules have examined the instrument in
question. Most members have seen it in the
Speaker's room. The object of the instrument
is to take the votes of legislative bodies in the
most rapid, certain, and economical manner.
So far as the instrument is concerned it will
effect just what it proposes to do._ It will
take the vote of this House in a certain, rapid,
and faithful manner.
The committee are unanimously of opinion
that as a means of taking votes this machine
will accomplish just what the inventor claims
for it; but the committee were not disposed to
assume the responsibility of deciding that it was
a practicable method, although they believe
that it will do just what is claimed for it. By
having two of these machines standing upon
the Clerk's desk, one to designate the affirma-
tive votes and the other the negative, by means
of two keys upon the desk of each member,
connected with the i-espective machines by
wires, the members will be enabled immedi-
ately and certainly to express their wish by
touching the keys that vibrate the impression
upon slides in the machines that drop and
impress the will of the member, so that at
once the whole House can express its vote for or
against any question, and a dial placed in view
o? the Speaker will determine the number of
votes cast by the weight of the slides dropped,
it will thus be seen that in a moment the
Speaker can determine how many votes have
been cast for and how many against the measure.
More than this, by the use of impression paper
many copies of the vote can be thus taken at
once, which would often prove a serviceable
desideratum.
So far in regard to the instrument accom-
plishing what it claims. As regards its prac-
ticability, the committee deem it best for the
House to determine the matter for itself by
experiment. The time saved over the present
method may be appreciated by this fact, that
during the long session of the Fortieth Con-
gress, say six months, the roll was called three
hundred and forty-six limes, consuming one
hundred and fifteen hours, which would be
some twenty-three days, or a calendar month.
This great saving of expenses to the nation,
as well as to the time of members, fully justi-
fies the committee in reporting favorably to
the test of the instrument, by which, in the
course of a few sessions, a large amount of
money would be saved to the people. Another
desirable festore of the method is that as an
adjunct to it, and by means of a dial in the
Hall, in rear of the Speaker's desk, the pages
can be called in silence, and not by the pres-
ent confusing method of clapping hands, which
so often disturbs the proceedings of the House.
My colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cox,] has seen^ some-
thing of the kind in operation, and I will now
yield to him.
Mr. CONGER. Before the gentleman yields,
will he answer one question?
Mr. FERRY. Very well.
Mr. CONGER. Would it be in the power of
a member of this House, should this arrange-
ment be adopted, having voted one way, to
change his vote without rearranging the instru-
ment?
Mr. FERRY. He can do so. It has been
the frequent piaetice of members of this House,
as llm Corismiiteeon the Hales have observed, to
change their votes, and therefore, for iljat rea-
son among others, the committee were unwill-
ing to finally determine this matter, but leave
the House to say which method they would
prefer.
Mr. CONGER. How can a member change
his vote by this plan ?
Mr. FERRY. In case he has voted on the
affirmative side, if he desires to change his
vote he can vote on the negative side; but hav-
ing thus voted on both sides, his vote would
count for nothing ; and would it not be well
that it should be so to correct this irregularity ?
It certainly would prove an economical edu-
cator of voters, and perhaps, on the whole,
prove a wholesome restraint upon fickle voting.
I now yield to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cox,] my colleague on the Committee on
the Rules.
Mr. COX. I desire to say but a word or
two in addition to what has fallen from the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Ferry] who
reported this resolution. The principal objec-
tion to the use of this machine, especially on
this side of the House, is that it will destroy
the little facility for filibustering which the
minority now has at times by having the roll
called. But I will not for that purpose only
insist upon a practice which is in antagonism
to what dignified and orderly legislation ought
to be. 1 believe that in calling the roll, and
in passing between tellers, the House of Rep-
resentatives is not engaged in a very dignified
performance, as it is generally done here.
I believe that a machine like this, which will
facilitate the taking of the yeas and nays in this
House, is consonant with the spirit of our pro-
gressive country and our progressive age. If
we do not adopt the use of this machine finally
we can at least try the experiment and see how
it works. Already this system has been adopted
in some parliamentary bodies in Europe, and
with considerable success.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman state
what parliamentary bodies have adopted this
system ?
Mr. COX. It has been adopted in the Italian
Parliament, and it is about being adopted, a3
I understand, in the French Chamber. The
principal objection to the system is that it might
be used by majorities to oppress minorities-
But our old rule, I suppose, would still remain,
notwithstanding thisinvention may be adopted ;
wo would still have the rule allowing one fifth
of the members present and voting to order the
yeas and nays to be called on any question ; and
we could still pile up motion after motion, if
we should choose, and procrastinate the trans-
action of business by calling the yeas and nays
on those motions. Therefore, if an appeal is
made to the minority to oppose this experiment
on the ground that it will prevent them from
exercising some of their present rights, the
answer is promptly made that the old system of
filibustering will still remain to the minority.
For one, I hope sometime to be in the majority
in this House; I hope to see gentlemen on the
other side in the minority. But, even then, I
would not want them to be oppressed, any more
than I would wish this side to bo oppressed.
In the practical use of this invention all the
rights of the minority will be as fully pro-
tected as they are under the present system.
Another objection which has been pressed
upon members, at least in conversation, is that
the adoption of this apparatus will not give
members time to confer with each other in
reference to the votes they are about to cast.
The answer to this objection is very simple.
The Committee on the Rules can hereafter, if
it be deemed necessary, adopt some arrange-
ments for facilitating conference among mem-
bers. But gentlemen of this House are sup-
posed to know something about the pending
question at the commencement of the calling
of the yeas and nays. They ought generally to
have their judgments made up. And there is
no reason why we cannot, as a sort of appen-
dix to this system, adopt moons by which bells
shall be rijng in  11 the committee-rooms to
call members here during a vote. Thus we
might here, as in the British Parliament, on
a division have the whole House in array
promptly and at once, saving by this invention
four fifths of the time now occupied in calling
the roll.
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to vote for
the permanent adoption of this machine until
it shall have been tried. I propose, however,
to give it a trial. The Committee on the Rules
have limited the cost of the experiment to
$10,000. The work is to be done under the
direction of the architect of the Capitol exten-
sion. It is worth while in this age and this
country for us to make some experiment in the
way of saving labor and time. As I have sug-
gested, it is not an intellectual performance,
it is hardly a dignified performance, for us to
go through this "damnable iteration" of call-
ing the yeas and nays, over and over again,
when a large part of the time, trouble, and
expense of the process can be saved. If we
have any sense of dignity, if we have any desire
to save time and labor, we ought at least to try
this experiment. The experiment is worthy
of trial by the American Congress, represent-
ing a people who are supposed to be inventive
and progressive. '
I shall give this resolution my vote cheer-
fully. Before this gentleman came here with
his invention I had long thought that in this
inventive couutry some one could devise the
means of saving to this Congress and the peo-
ple the time now consumed in voting by yeas
and nays. I do not know precisely how much
it costs at present to take the yeas and nays
during a session or a Congress; but I believe
an estimate on that subject has been made by
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Ferry.]
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Will this won-
derful invention obviate the necessity of call-
ing over the names after the votes have been
given?
Mr. COX. I suppose the Committee on the
Rules can regulate that matter, if this appa-
ratus on experiment should look like a success.
Even now we often dispense with the calling
of the names after the yeas and nays have
been taken. The gentleman from Kentucky
might at least consent to give this inventor an
opportunity to show to the House the merits
of his contrivance. We may thus save at least
four fifths of the time now consumed in a
senseless calling of the roll.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Would it not be better
to allow the Speaker to appoint a special com-
mittee to investigate this subject and report to
the House?
Mr. COX. So far as I am concerned, I do
not want any further action of a committee on
this matter. It is very plain. The Committee
on the Rules have examiued the apparatus.
Every gentleman can make an inspection of
the machine for himself. It is a very simple
machine, its simplicity being one of its chief
merits.
Mr. FERRY. I presume one hour will be
sufficient for the discussion of this matter, and
therefore I demand the previous question.
Mr. DICKEY. Pending that demand, I
move that the resolutions be laid on the table.
On the question there were—ayes 03, noes G5.
Mr. DICKEY. I callforthe yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 82, not voting
01; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, AmMer, Ames, Archer, Ar-
neli, Bailey, Beatty, Bonfon, Bingham,Bird, Blair,
Booker, Cake, Cessna, William T. Clark,
Cobb, Conger, Conner, Cook, Covode, Dickey, Dick-
inson, Dox, Duval, Eldridge, Fcrriss, Pinkelnbnvg,
Getz, Grillillan, ilaic, Jia.m: II, Harris, Hawkins, II el-
lin. Hooper, Tbomn? L. Jones^ i eiloy, Kotohnm,
Knapp, Lawrence, Mayham, M-uiiard, SleOarlby,
McGrrew, Jlercur, lSliakim il„ Moore, "William
Moore, Xegley, Nibfuck, O'Neill, Packcr, Palmer,
Peck, Peters, Potter, Itandall, Reeves, itoois,
Sclienck, Sehumaker, Seolield, Sherrod, John A.
Smith. V/il)h>m J. Smith, IV'orthiuston C. Smith,
WilliamSmythjStnikweatlior, Stiles, Stokes, Stone,
Stoughton, Strickland, Swaan, Sweeney, Tillman.
