4306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
(S. No. 350) to provide for the adjustment and
satisfaction of claims of American citizens for
spoliations committed by the French prior to
the 31st day of July 1801.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is an old matter,
and well understood. We can vote on it, I
think.
Mr. THURMAN. It had better go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
•will be passed over.
descents is utaii;
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 362) regulating descents in the Terri-
tory of Utah.
Mr. HARRIS. Let that go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
public lands in southern states.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 73) for the disposal
of the public lands in the States of Florida,
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Ark-
ansas.
Mr. THURMAN. Lot that go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution will be passed over.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the Senator from
Ohio to withdraw his objection. I am quite
confident that if he knew the nature of this
measure he would not object to it.
Mr. THURMAN. I am willing to withdraw
my objection for the purpose of hearing it
read; but I suppose it is a very large subject,
and if it is taken up now nothing else will come
up to-night.
Mr. KELLOGG. It has been a long while
on the Calendar. It only proposes to put the
public lands in those States on the same foot-
ing with the public lands in the other States
and Territories.
Mr. THURMAN. I am willing that it may
be read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution.
Mr. KELLOGG. During the war a restric-
tion was placed on the public lands in these
States. This is to put them in the same posi-
tion as the public lands in other States and
Territories.
Mr. THURMAN. I have no objection.
Mr. IIARLAN. I think it had better go
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa objects. The joint resolution will
be passed over. The next bill on the Calendar
will be stated.
william henry otis.
Tho next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 170) for the relief of William Henry
Otis, which was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The Committee on Claims reported an
amendment to strike out all of the bill after
tho enacting clause and insert the following
as a substitute:
That the Secretary of tho Treasury bo, ami ho is
hereby, authorized anil required to pay, or cause to
bo paid to William Ilenry Otis, of Indianapolis, in
tho State of Indiana, the sum of £3,000, in full con-
sideration for growing crop, fencing, and fruit trees
destroyed upon, and damages dono by the United
States troops, in and to forty-five and a half acrcs
of land belonging to the said William Henry Otis,
Known as Camp Burnside, lying and being adjacent
to the said city of Indianapolis, while said land was
occupied by said troops, from thcyoar 1861 to the year
I860.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a report in that
case?
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that bill will be
passed over.
Mr. PRATT. This is a private bill, and I
inquire of the Senator from Michigan if he will
not withdraw his objection for the purpose of
hearing the report read ?
Mr. HOWARD. I would do that cheerfully
under ordinary circumstances, but I think it
will lead to a long discussion that will prob-
ably exhaust the evening.
cherokee lands in kansas.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 89) providing for
the sale of certain lands in the State of Kansas
ceded to the United States in trust by the
Cherokee nation of Indians, which was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It is
recited in the preamble that by the first para-
graph of the seventeenth article of the treaty
between the United States and the Cherokee
nation of Indians proclaimed August 11, I860,
the Cherokee nation ceded in trust that strip
of land ceded by the United States to the
Cherokee nation by the fourth article of the
treaty of 1835, lying south of the south line of
the Osage Indian reservation,, and north of the
south boundary of the State of Kansas, and
known as the "Cherokee strip and that the
treaty of 1866 provides that the lands may be
" sold in a body " by the United States at not
less than one dollar per acre, for the benefit of
said Indians. It is therefore proposed to direct
that the tract be immediately surveyed as the
public lands of the United States are surveyed,
and that any person who has now, or may here-
after settle on these lands, and being a bona
fide settler thereon, and having made such im-
provements thereon as would be required on
public lands of the United States for preemp-
tion, shall be entitled, on filing such evidence
at the nearest land office, to purchase the land,
including his improvements, not exceeding one
hundred and sixty acres to each person ; and
on the completion and approval of the survey
public notice thereof shall be given by the Sec-
retary of the Interior ; and within six months
of the date of approval such settler or settlers
shall be required to pay for the same at the
rate of one dollar any twenty-five cents per
acre, and at the expiration of the six months
all lands in the strip that are at that date un-
claimed shall be sold by the Secretary of the
Interior, through the land office nearest to the
lands, at not less than one dollar and twenty-
five cents per acre, in tracts not exceeding one
hundred and sixty acres, or in tracts including
any legal subdivision thereof, in a compact
form. On the completion of the surveys, and
on ascertaining the number of acres included
therein remaining unsold, the United States
shall pay to the Cherokee nation one dollar
per acre for tho lands so remaining unsold,
which money shall be invested for them by the
Secretary of the Interior in United States
stocks in accordance with section twenty-three
of the treaty of 1866.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported
the joint resolution with amendments.
The first amendment was in line three of
section one, to strike out the word "said"
before "tract" and to insert the word "de-
scribed" after "tract;" so as to read:
That tho tract described bo immediately surveyed
as the public lands of the United States are sur-
veyed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five, after
the word "person" to insert "entitled to the
benefit of the preemption laws."
Mr. POMEROY. I believe if the committee
would think of it they would not insist on it.
Many persons who are settlers cannot preempt
because of the disability that they have once
had the benefit of the preemption laws. If men
have preempted once they cannot be entitled
to the benefit of the preemption laws again.
The phrase used generally is, "a single person
over the age of twenty-one years, or the head
of a family, and a citizen of the United States,
or having declared his intention to become
such."
Mr. HARLAN. I would have no objection
to that amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. Then insert the words
" being a citizen of the United States or hav-
ing declared his intention to become such, and
the head of a family or a single person over
the,age of twenty-one years."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight of
the same section, after the word " thereon" to
insert "and not infringing upon the legal claim
of any Cherokee Indian, accruing under the
fourteenth article of the Cherokee treaty pro-
claimed August 11, 1866."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there ought to
be an addition to that of the words " and who
has complied with the conditions of the treaty."
Mr. HARLAN. Yes; that ought to be
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those words
will be added to the amendment if there be
no objection. The Chair hears none.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was in line eleven of section
one, to strike out the words " filing such evi-
dence" and insert "making the requisite
proof;" so as to read:
Shall be entitled, on making the requisite proof
at tho nearest land office, to purchase the land, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventeen,
after the word "same," to insert "in lawful
money of the United States; " so as to read:
And within six months of said date of approval
such settler or settlers shall bo required to pay for
the same, in lawful money of tho United States, not
less than SI 25 per acre.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty,
after the word "are" and before "at," to
insert "not," and after the word "date" to
strike out the word "unclaimed" and to in-
sert " disposed of under the foregoing provis-
ions ; " so as to read :
And at the expiration of said six months all lands
in said strip that are not at that date disposed of
under the foregoing provisions shall be sold by the
Secretary of the Interior through the land ofSco
nearest to said lands at not loss than $1 25por aero, &e.
Mr. ROSS. I wish to suggest a correction:
there "shall be sold by the Secretary of the
Interior through the proper land office."
Mr. POMEROY. I think it ought to read,
"the landoffice in the district in which the
lands are situated."
• Mr. HARLAN. That would be right.
Mr. ROSS. That is better.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I move to insert
"land office of the district in which the lands
are situated."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified if there be no objec-
tion. It is so modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out the second section of the joint
resolution, in the following words :
That on the completion of the surveys, and on
ascertaining the number of acres included therein
remaining unsold under the provisions of the fore-
going resolution, the United States shall pay to the
Cherokee nation one dollar per acre for said lands
so remaining unsold, which money shall be invested
ior them by the Secretary of the Interior in CJnited
States stocks, in accordance with section twenty-
three of the said treaty of 1806.
And in lieu thereof to insert the following :
That the net proceeds of said sales shall be dis-
posed of as provided by treaty with said Cherokee
Indians: Provided, That this act shall not take effect
until its several provisions shall be agreed to by said
Cherokee Indians in such manner as the President
shall prescribe.
The amendment was agreed to,
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
verbal alteration proposed by the committee in
