460
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 7,
Ho. of Reps.
Independence of Cuba—Mr. Banlcs.
41st Cong. . ..2d Sess.
reserve eorps, composed of persons not hitherto
enrolled in military organizations. (Page 143.)
Holding the balance of power, this force is
absolute in Cuba. The policy of the Govern-
ment at Madrid must conform to its views.
If the volunteers strike for independence the
authority of Spain will be destroyed. They
compelled the resignation of Captain General
Dulce, because he was too lenient in the con-
duct of the war. They boldly threaten the
removal of General De Rodas if he fails to
satisfy their demands. They secured the pro-
motion of Valmasedaatthe moment when our
Government was receiving assurauees from
Spain that the cruelties to which he owed his
advancement should be suppressed. They dis-
regard all laws and all authority which is not
in accord with their sanguinary purposes.
Few or none are natives of Cuba. They swarm
from every part of Spain in search of wealth.
None remain in the land they plunder to live
among the people they have wronged. Small
fortunes generally satisfy their desires, but
they often accumulate great wealth, according
to their aspirations and capacity. They are
unaccompanied by families, unrestrained by
social ties, and represent the most adventurous
classes of Spain.
A late distinguished diplomatic representa-
tive of this Government, in a letter printed in
the publio journals of this country over his
own signature, describes the volunteers, "with
some honorable exceptions, as adventurers,
of whom one half at least are Spanish convicts
and desperadoes." And ho states further,
" that every intelligent man with whom ho
conversed, Spaniards, volunteers, Cubans, for-
eigners, and Americans, with a solitary excep-
tion, freely proclaimed tho fact."1.
They are often without religious culture or
education, and of low moral character. Many
attain wealth, without scruple, by the worst
means. They monopolize the dignities, offices,
and emoluments of tho church. They control
all commercial employments and all the ad-
vantages of trade. They usurp the patronage
of every grocery, tavern, and office in the inte-
rior of the island. They occupy, to tho last
man, every appointment and post of civil or
military administration. They are tho prottgts
and protectors of tyranny, monopoly, slavery,
and the slave trade, and implacablo enemies
of Cubans, Americans, and other foreigners
who are of necessity hostile to tyranny, monop-
oly, slavery, and the slave trade, 'i'iiey have
little taste for mechanical science, and less for
methodical industry. Engineers and mechanics
are generally Cubans or foreigners. The Span-
iards are advocates of license and enemies of
law. The Cubans, and those who sympathize
with them, are advocates of law and enemies
of license. They are owners of land, but they
share no Government employment; none of
tho dignities, offices, or emoluments of tho
church; nono of tho advantages of trade or
commerco, and none of the immunities which
elsewhere attach to the cultivation of the soil.
Tho culture of wheat, which grows luxuriantly,
is restricted. Breadatuffs from the United
States, and other products, are excluded or
burdened with heavy duties for the benefit of
Spanish producers.
The Spanish volunteers support themselves
in Cuba, their families and friends in Spain,
and amass large fortunes besides. Nothing
attaches them to Cuba; nothing weans them
from their native land. Tho most wealthy send
back even tho annual increase of their capital,
and at the close of their American ventures
they take everything to Spain, leaving nothing
to the island they abandon but a numerous
progeny of mixed blood, which is generally
sold to shivery. And this has been the history
York Tmbune, 7.5th March, 1870, letter of
General James Watson Webb.
of Spanish polonization in America for three
centuries, and in Europe since colonies were
recognized as an element of civilization.
Coming from among the most adventurous
classes of Spain, the Catalan volunteers return
to their native land laden with ill-gotten wealth;
improved by an imperfect education picked up
in an average residence of seven or eight years;
and emboldened by unrestrained exercise of
political power, they fight at home against lib-
erty and equality, and for the supremacy of
intolerance in religion, corruption in adminis-
tration, monopoly in trade, tyranny in the State,
and the perpetual servitude and slavery of the
Spanish people. The power of Spain in Cuba
is mainly in tho hands of those men. Wan-
derers from Spain, commorant only in Cuba,
indifferent to the interests of the island, and
regardless of the rights of its people, no prin-
cipleand no power imposes upon them restraint.
Our consular officers in Cuba are commer-
cial agents only, without diplomatic powers or
authority. We cannot of right insist upon the
recognition of our political interests in the
government of the island. Our diplomatic
relations are with Spain, not with Cuba.
Our inquiries and protests must be communi-
cated to Madrid, reported to Cuba, returned to
Spain, and transmitted again to tho United
States—a circuit of many thousand miles—and
wasting months of time before either party can
appreciate or comprehend the views of the
other; and then the circuit is to be repeated,
it may bo, many titnes before a conclusion is
reached, or action even recommended. And,
what is still worse, our success in gaining the
favor of tho Spanish Government may cause
tho defeat of our rights in Cuba. The Govern-
ment. of Spain is "impotent for protection of
the lives of our citizens," says the Secretary
of State.
Tho moderation of tho home Governmentand
the sympathy of Americans for Cuba, which
ought to modify their rapacity and cruelty,
infuriates tho volunteers. Who can wonder
that Cubans revolt against such rulers and fight
against such injustice? How long are we re-
quired to shut our eyes to facts which are patent
to all the world, and endure indignities never
before practiced upon any nation ?
The character thus given to the volunteers is
that of the organization to which they belong
rather than of the individuals which compose it.
Without doubt the same men attached to tho
island, identified with its interests, and recog-
nizing themselves as a part of its people sub-
ject, to the same destiny, would become esti-
mable citizens, contributing their share to the
prosperity and honor of the country. The ex-
isting condition of things is the result of tho
system of colonial despotism which has been
maintained by Spain for hundreds of years in
all the colonies which it has possessed. Her
colonial policy has been more unjust to her
subjects than any other system of colonial gov-
ernment that history records ; and it is owing
to this fact that every colony except Cuba and
Porto llico has resisted its rule and overthrown
its power, and these will soon be numbered
with other colonies that have achieved inde-
pendence of the Spanish Crpwn. Her rule has
been alike destructive of the interests of her
subjects and the peace of the home Govern-
ment. Disorder, anarchy, and revolution in
Spain have kept pace with the tyranny which
she has practiced upon her colonies. This is
the natural result of her system of government,
and the distance which separates her colonies
from the mother country. The inevitable effect
of such separation and such tyranny is well
described by Mr. Burke:
"Abuse of J'oiccr hi Remote Colonies.—It is difficult
for tho iiiom wise and upright Government to cor-
rect the abuses of remote delegated power, product-
ive of unmeasured wealth and protected by tho
boldness and strength of tho samo ill-sot riches.
Thcfi'o abuse?, loll of their own wild, native vijror,
will grow and flourish under mere neglect. But
where the supreme authority, not content with wink-
ing at the rapacity of its inferior instruments, is
so shameless and corrupt as openly to give bounties
and premiums for disobedience to its laws; when
it will not trust to the activity of avarice in tho
pursuit of its own gains; when it secures publio rob-
bery by all the careful jealousy and attention with
which it ought to protect property from sueh violeneo
the Commonwealth thenis become totally perverted
from its purposes; neither God uor man willlong en-
dure it. In that ease there is an unnatural infection,
a pestilential taint fermentingin the constitution of
society, which fever and convulsions of some kind or
other must throw off; or in which tho vital powers,
worstedin an unequal struggle, are pushed back upon
themselves, and, by a reversal of their whole func-
tions, fester to gangrene, to death; and instead ot
what was but. just now the delight and boast of tho
creation there will be cast out in the face of the sun
a bloated, putrid, noisome carcass, full of stench and
poison, an offense, a horror, a lesson to the world."
These grave events, covering a period of
nearly two years, show an established condi-
tion of affairs injuriously affecting in every
way the rights, the interests, and the honor of
the American Government. That condition is
described by Spanish officials and American
representatives as "anarchy." It is not war
merely, but the protraction of hostilities by
ferocious men, without the restraints of the laws
of war or the authority of Government. It is
barbarous and bloody internecine war.
It is unnecessary to assume that this disre-
gard of authority and decency is in accordance
with the wishes of the present Government of
Spain, or that it makes professions of regard
for the rights of the United States at Madrid
which it does not intend to observe in Cuba.
On the contrary, the character of its military
forces in Cuba, the official declarations of the
officers of the United States and of Spain, and
the record of current events from the begin-
ning of the war, prove conclusively that the
Government of Spain in Cuba is unable to con-
quer the people of Cuba, to suppress the rebel-
lion, to enforce its authority, to secure the
observance of its orders among the Spaniards
even, to support its own officers, to protect the
rights of foreign nations, or to punish crimes
which the civilized world must condemn. What,
then, is
DUTY OF l'HE UNITED STATES ?
Clearly it is to recognize the actual condition
of affairs, and to take such measures as are
prescribed by the law of nations for tho pro-
tection of our rights until peaceful, permanent
government can be established. It is no longer
a " civil commotion," as it has been hitherto
regarded by the United States; nor a mere
" domestic question," as it is represented by
the Spanish Government. It is protracted and
atrocious civil war.
A civil commotion is directed against indi-
viduals or against civil magistrates. It may
reach the standard of sedition or insurrection
in which a sovereign may be disobeyed; but it
is still a State crime, to be suppressed and pun-
ished by State authority without intervention,
and without affecting the rights of foreign Gov-
ernments. A civil war, on the contrary, is a
contest of arms between a part of the citizens
on one side, and the sovereign, or those who
obey him, on the other; in regard to which the
action of foreign Governments may become
absolutely necessary. " It is sufficient," Vat-
tel says, "that the malcontents have some
reason to take up arms in order that the dis-
turbance should be called civil war and not
rebellion." (Tattel, liv. 3, ch. 18, sees. 290,
295.)
The people of Cuba present the best reasons
for the contest they wage. It has every claim
to the sympathy and support of the friends of
liberty, equality, and justice. It is a race strug-
gling for independence; an enslaved people
contending for liberty; a nation fighting for
national existence. The contest in which they
are engaged has all the attributes of barbarous
and bloody civil war, aggravated by the dis-
orders and crimes of anarchy. Our first duty
