2418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
morning hour occupied with reading papers
of this kind.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas moves to dispense with the fur-
ther reading.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To what com-
mittee shall this document be referred?
Mr.YICKERS. I do not know to what com-
mittee it ought to be referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on
the table.
Mr. VICIvBRS. I move that it be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to printing it
without knowing what it is.
Mr. WILSON. I move its refereuce to the
Committee on Printing.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves the reference of the mo-
tion to print to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wo have a rale that
when a petition is presented it is not to bo
read, but it is the duty of the person present-
ing it to state briefly what it is. If that were
done we should know what it was. That is the
rule of the Senate.
Mr. VICIvBRS. There is quite a history in
the petition, if the paper may be so denom-
inated. The object of it is to ask for a change
of the name of the country from America to
Columbus.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 suggest that it go to
the Committee on Education and Labor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think that
it ought to go to the Committee on the Revis-
ion of the Laws. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Maryland did not indicate any committee, and
the petition was laid on the table. A motion
was made to print, which, under the rules,
will be referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. VICKERS. I offer the petition of Ben-
jamin S. Ewell, president of the College of
William and Mary, of Williamsburg, Virginia,
asking for compensation for the destruction
of the principal college building and other
property connected with it by Federal troops
during the late war. Accompanying it is a
letter from the president of the college, stating,
among other things, that Major General Meade,
referring to its destruction in the late civil war,
says, " I am satisfied, on examination of the
facts of the case, that the destruction of the
building of William and Mary College by our
troops was not only unnecessary and unauthor-
ized, but one of those deplorable acts of use-
less destruction which occur in aW wars." Gen-
eral John A. Dix, who commanded the depart-
ment in which Williamsburg was when the
college was burned, in 1862, has seen the peti-
tion, and approves of and confirms its state-
ments. It may be further mentioned that
from May, 1802, to September, 1865, the re-
maining college buildings were occupied as
quarters and storehouses by tho Union troops,
for all which no compensation has been yet
made. I move that this petition and the let-
ters be referred to tho Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POOL presented the petitions of Richard
H. Mard, Raleigh, North Carolina ; of W. P.
Taylor and A. G. Headen, Chatham county,
North Carolina; of William M. Davies, Bun-
combe county, North Carolina; and of William
Harton, of Watauga county, Nortli Carolina,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of N.
P. Lawton, Henrico county, Virginia; of
William Saufley, Rockingham county, Vir-
ginia ; of George L. I. Thomas, Northampton
county, Virginia; of William T. Flippen, Not-
toway county, Virginia; of E. C. Gillenwat-
ters, Scott county, Virginia; of C. C. Peters,
Scott county, Virginia, and of William H. Guld,
Frederick county, Virginia, praying the re-
moval of their political disabilities; which were
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FOWLER. I present a number of peti-
tions in favor of a donation of money to the
Wilberforce University, in Ohio. These peti-
tions are signed by a large number of citizens of
Tennessee, both white and colored, both Union
men and those who were formerly rebels. One
is from Greensborough, two from Jonesbor-
ough, and one from Nashville. I hope these
petitions will receive that attention which they
merit, because quite a number of the youths
of my State have been educated at this insti-
tution, and I believe it is one which is doing
great good. I move that these petitions be
referred to the Committee on Education and
Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARNER presented the petitions of
Samuel E. Johnston, J. M. Q. Gould, and D.
J.' Hayes, of Bolegee, Alabama, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
l'apeus withdraws and referred.
On motiou of Mr. CRAG IN, it was
Ordered, That tho petition and papers in tho oaso
of !i. St. Clair Clark bo withdrawn from the lilos
of llio Senate and referred to the Commit toe on Niival
Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am requested to move
that the papers accompanying tho application
of li. F. Burnham for a pension be transmitted
to the Commissioner of Pensions. The Com-
mittee on Pensions have reported that the case
comes within the general law, and the party
desires the papers to be transmitted to the
Pension Office.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Jilljlj KI4COMMITTED.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 124) for the relief of John
M. Broome and others, the band of twelfth
Kentucky infantry, reported back by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, be recommitted to
that committee with a view to a further exam-
ination.
The motion was agreed to.
reports 01? c0mmitt15ks.
Mr. RICE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up Senate joint resolution
No. 1G5.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
has but just commcnced, and tho Senator from
Arkansas asks unanimous consent to proceed
to the consideration of Senate joint resolution
No. 165.
Mr. RICE. It will only take a minute. There
arc not more than four lines in it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports from
committees are now in order.
Mr. WILLIAM'S. I must object. I wish
to make some reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports from
committees are in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from tho Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
690) providing for the appointment by the Presi-
dent and confirmation by the Senate of super-
visors of internal revenue, reported adversely
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
motion was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 17) relative to the
refining of gold and silver bullion at the Mint
of the United States and branches, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 707) to amend an act entitled "An
act to incorporate the Freedmen's Savings and
Trust Company," approved March 3, 1865,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration ; which was agreed to.
quapaw indian lands in kansas.
Mr. ROSS. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 168) explana-
tory of the provisions of,the fourth artiele of
the treaty of February 23, 1867, with the Shaw-
nee, Quapaw, and other Indians, to report it
back with an amendment and recommend -its
passage; and I am also authorized by the com-
mittee to ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. The preamble recites
that by the fourth article of the treaty of
February 28, 1867, with the Shawnee, Quapaw,
and other Indians, the strip of lands belonging
to the Quapaws lying within the State of Kansas
was sold to the United States, and intended
by the amendment to that article, to be sold
to actual settlers, under the preemption law
of the United States; but, by the manner
of the insertion of the amendment, the lands
are left without any provisions for their dis-
posal. For the purpose of carrying out the
intention of tho treaty and of its amendment
the bill declares the strip of land within the
State of Kansas ceded to the United States by
the Quapaw band of Indians, under the fourth
articlo of the treaty of 28d February, 1867, for
$1 25 per acre, to be open to entry under the
preemption laws of the United States at the
price of$l 25 per acre; and all such preemp-
tions are to be paid for in the money of the
United States at the proper land office within
one year from the date of settlement.
The amendment of tho Committee on Indian
Affairs was to insert after tho word "acre" in
the ninth line, the words "excepting therefrom
one half section to be patented to Samuel G.
Vallier, including his improvements, as pro-
vided in said treaty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have
some little explanation of this resolution from
somebody.
Mr. ROSS. This embraces a tract of land
of about seven or eight thousand acres that
was treated for by (lie United States with the
Quapaw Indians in 1868 or 1869. It was in-
tended by the terms of tho treaty to provide
that it should be sold to actual settlers only;
but in the printing of the treaty, or in some
way not explainable, perhaps, it was made so
ambiguous that the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office does not deem himself author-
ized to sell it as it was evidently intended to
be sold by the terms of the treaty. It includes
only about eight thousand acres, and it is to be
sold to actual settlers only.
Mr. THURMAN. This is to explain the
treaty ?
Mr. ROSS. This is to explain the treaty in
sueh a way that the land can be sold as it was
intended by the treaty.
Mr. THURMAN. To actual settlers?
Mr. ROSS. Yes, sir; to actual settlers only.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 will inquire of the Sen-
ator from Kansas if the Indians have set up
any title to this land ?
Mr. ROSS. No, sir ; the Indians released
it to the Government with the exception of the
half section mentioned in the amendment.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
committee service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before passing
from reports of committees, the Chair will
state that the following Senators have asked
to bo excused from further service on the follow-
ing committees : on Education and Labor, Mr.
Cokbett ; on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities, Mr. Osborx ; on Indian Affairs, Mr.
Pool. If there be no objection they will be
excused. How shall these vacancies be filled?
Mr. POMEROY. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
