3362
THE * CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
When the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Director of the Mint concur that the exchange
may be made yon avoid this expense. If it is
done cheaper, it enhances the Value of the bul-
lion for the purposes of coinage. This proposi-
tion is against the interest of the bullion specu-
lator, who buys crude bullion to ship toEurope,
because he wants the shipping value of it higher
than the coinage value, and every difficulty,
every risk, and every obstruction that is in the
way suits him. But if the Government of the
United States were liberated from this refining
process, and your coinage charge should be
taken off—and 1 think it ought to be taken off,
and I hope the Committee on Finance will
take off that charge—then the coinage value
would be greater than the export value, be-
cause we could make it into coin here, and it
would be worth more for coinage than for ex-
portation, and yon would have more coin in
the country. But the expense of the ma-
chinery that is necessary for this purpose,
and the eost of refining in the Mint are so
great, and then your royalty added to that,
that yon increase the export value so much that
those who wish to ship the bullion, and who
want to prevent it going to the Mint, have
great advantages as the matter now stands.
By this proposition the Government simply
relieves itself from an expensive manufacture
without incurring any risk, for the value is
stamped after the assay; the value is then
determined. The depositor, the miner, or
whoever deposits the bullion, is paid according
to that assayed value. The bar then becomes
the property of the United States. If the
United States can avoid the risk of refining,
and save money by it, and take no chance of
losing, and get it refined cheaper than they
can refine it, you willnot have so large a mar-
pin for wastage, for what goes upthe chimney.
Private refineries and private parties can man-
ufacture cheaper than the Government. All
these delicate processes can be done cheaper
by private enterprise than by the Government.
This proposition opens the business to the
whole world, and it cannot possibly injure any-
body. The machinery of the Mint iivthe mean
time remains there, and if the private estab-
lishments cannot do this work cheaper and
make a saving to the Government then that
machinery can be again used.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will my
friend from Nevada allow me to say a word
to him?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I raised the
point that this amendment was not germane
to this bill, and the effort which the friends of
the measure seem to deem it necessary to make
to convince the Senate that it ought to go on
the bill it seems to me is a pretty conclusive
argument, if the debate is to be continued, that
it ought not to go on this bill.
Mr. STEWART. Well, we will stop dis-
cussing it.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, the idea of this
plan did not origin at is with the Secretary of
the Treasury, nor with the Director of the
Mint. It originated far away from here, in
that section of the country where nearly all
the gold and silver of the country are produced.
It was born of the fact that an imihense estab-
lishment has grown up there; and undoubtedly
if they are allowed to control the whole sep-
arating of these ores they can do it cheaper, a
very little cheaper than it is done by the Mint;
Having that establishment, from their desire
to handle and control the whole bullion of the
Pacific coast, this project was born, not from
the Mint, not from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, not from the Director of the Mint.
I desire to call the attention of the Senate to
one or two considerations on this subject.
One of the great purposes of a mint is that
it is the guarantee, the promise of the Govern-
ment that whatever goes in there for coinage
shall be honestly manipulated, honestly sep-
arated, and that the individual depositor shall
get his return honestly. That consideration
gives confidence to the depositor in the Mint.
If this were a question merely of cheapening
the coinage of this country I would undertake
to find men who would stamp your coin with
the dies that the Government may make itself
for one fourth what the Government chatges
! now. If this were simply a question of cheap-
1 ness in coinage I could get every branch of
that labor performed cheaper than the Gov-
ernment performs it. I cat* stamp with a single
machine all the coin that this Government pro-
duces; and I have no doubt this same com-
; pany would be willing to coin it for a quarter
I of what the Government charges now. But,
I sir, that is not the way in which the coin of
; this country was intended to be manipulated
i or made. It is a contract on the part of the
; Government that this work shall be performed
\ honestly and well, and a guarantee on their
part that the depositor shall get his return.'
i I acknowledge that if you take, for instance,
! the city of San Francisco, in the State of Cali-
fornia, that point where the large proportion
of the precious metals centers, where there are
Establishments holding large amounts of the
solution that is necessary for separating and
refining these metals, they can do it cheaper
than it can be done by the United States. But,
sir, the Government is to-day building a mint
in California four times as large as the one now
used, in which there is provided room for all
1 these refining processes. They are carrying
j the work on to perfection. There is not a mint
j nor a branch of the Mint m the United States
but what has all the machinery necessary for
| refining in it now.
Sir, make this contract, or give the Secretary
of the Treasury the power to make it; take
this machinery all out of your mints, and when
it is all out who is to do your refining and at what
expense ? Suppose the time should come when
the persons with whom the Secretary of the
Treasury and the Director of the Mint are to
contract should disagree about the terms, and
your refining processes are all taken from your
mints, what are you going to do then? Will you
go to work and briild a great Government re-
finery? No. Will yofc compel these men to
come to your terms? Noj you cannot; butyou
will have to go to work and reinvest every one
of yonr rpints with this process and with the
power to refine.
Sir, this proposition is one that is liable to
objection in many points of view, and I desire
the attention of the Senate while I read a com-
munication which, at ray express request, I
have got from the Senator from California,
[Mr. Cole,] from the melter and refiner of the
mint at San Francisco. He says:
Melter and Refiner's Office.
United States Branch Miirr,
San Francisco, February 21,1870.
Dear S-ir: A few days Btaotf I forwarded you a
copy of the new Mint law** with the views of the
several operative officers of this branch upon some
of the most important articles contained therein,
which I hope yon have received.
After a conversation in reference to taking the
refining out of the mint3 and giving it to private
refiners, they ursred me to give you my views at
length touching that matter, which I have concluded
to do^hoping they may prove useful to you when the
question comes before you.
In giving the refining to private refineries there
are many obstacles to be considered, as well as the
loss to the Government. These obstacles I will en-
deavor to state as briefly as possible, so as to be welt
understood, and I think that when you fully under-
stand them yon will bear me out in my statement.
first, the bullion will have tooome to the mint and
be received and receipted for by the treasurer, as is
now done, then melted by the deposit melters, and
sent back to be reweighed, after melting, by one of
the treasurer's alerted then sent to the assayer to
be chipped for assaying, then sent back and held by
the treasurer until all of each day's deposits are
assayed and reported upon by the assayer; then,
instead of turning thorn over to the melter and
refiner, as is now done, the • treasurer will deliver it
over to private parties to be refined. So you sec the
8ame work wilt haveto be.dono that is now done
before the bullion can be handed over to be refined.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will ask the Senator if
that letter is written with reference to this
amendment?
Mr. NYE. Precisely; the same thing.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then the man who writes
it does not understand his business, that is all
I have to say; because this amendment does
not contemplate anything but an exchange
the mere purchase of the refined bars with
unparted bars.
Mr. NYE. Then I propose to show the
Senator that he has beeh unfortunate in the
language he has used before I get through:
Again, the Government will have to pay the
refinery nearly as much as is now charged by thQ
Mint.
Second, will they refine this bullion without be-
ing allowed a percentage loss for wastage ? And
is it likely that the refinery will return any of this
allowance for loss? I answer no; for they can keep
it if they wish. The Government allows the melter
and refiner a percentage for loss; he works the bul-
lion with the greatest care, and does not lose more
than one fourth.of the amount allowed, therefore
making a great saving to the Government.
Again, in all bullion which assays950 tine in gold
there i3 no account taken of the silver contained.
Now, theUovernment gains nil this silver, but would
loso it if refined by private refineries.
Again, when gold comes from our refinery it is
ready for making into ingots at once. But the fins
gold brought in by the refineries up to this time is
first weighed by the treasurer, assayed and computed
by its weight as received, and then delivered to the
melter and refiner to go into ingots.
When the Government gets through the re-
fining the gold is rcad^ko be made into ingots,
but when the refining i& done by these private
refiners the bar is brought back and has then
to be taken in hand by the Government opera-
tives and made into ingots for coinage :
But before he can make it into ingots it has to be
toughened by putting it into pots and subjecting it
to a strong heat with the use of corrosive sublimate,
which costs one dollar per pound. Besides, there are
the labor, fuel, and loss of gold in toughening,which
latter loss is no small amount; and my opinion is
that the gold which they would refine for the Mint
would not be nearsogood asthegold theynow bring
in, consequently the loss and expense of working it
would be so much the greater.
I do not look at this with any selfish motive,
but for the true interest of the Government; for I
sincerely believe the Government will be the loser
by leaving out the refining.
There are many other reasons which I might
urge, but I fear I may tire your patience. But one
other matter I will speak of in this connection.
Every deposit now has a paper of grains, which are
pounded from the flux used in melting it. Will the
refinery take those grains and receipt for them as of
the same fineness as the deposit to which they be-
long, as I now have to do ? 1 think not, for they are
not as fine as the deposits to which they belong. So
here is another obstacle. And what will the treas-
urer do with them ? If he melts them into a bar he
will be subjected to the same loss that I now am,
namely, a loss in fineness and in weight; and as he
is allowed nothing for wastage his accounts will run
short, for he has already paid the depositor for the
grains as if they were of the same fineness as the
deposit.
So the Senate will see the depositor now gets
paid for these grains as of the same fineness as
the bulk of the metal, whereas he would lose
that if these private refiners had to do this
work.
Now, I desire the attention of the Senate to
what follows. They will see what this private
company want:
Since I have been melter and refiner the grains
amount to nearly five hundred ounces. This amount
the depositor never got before, because the flux which
contained those grains was not pounded up and
washed, as it is now, but was passed into the sweep
cellar, and the melter and refiaer received the benefit
of it to make up his accounts.
Again, the melter and refiner receipts to the
treasurer for the chips and scraps which the assayer
takes from each deposit, and has to hold the assayer
for them. Now, togive these out to be refined itwill
be necessary toremeltandreassay them, thus incur-
ring an expense not now necessary.
The assayer hold3 the chips used for assaying for
some weeks, in order to rectify any mistakes which
might occur. ThustheGovernmentcannotturn over
any of thedepositsin full, either separately or in bulk.
As a consequence it would be necessary to reweigh
and recompute each deposit separately, or to remelt
several deposits together, then reassay and recom-
pute them before giving them out to be refined.. In
fact the bullion cannot be given outfor refining with-
out involving the trouble, expense, and delay of re-
melting, reassaying, and recomputing.
I have talked with a great number of our heaviest
business men in this city on the subject, and they are
all opposed to it, and I do assure you tljat nearly every
business man and every miner in the State would
sign a petition protesting against it, and1 think your
friend, who is well acquainted in the mining region,
will bear me out in my statement.
J. P. COCHRAN.
