1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2419
be made if there be no objection. The Chair
wi!l also state that on a previous occasion the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] was ex-
cused from service upon the Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities, and the
Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony]
from the Committee on Mines and Mining,
and the Chair was authorized, if he remem-
bers aright, to fill those vacancies. They will
be filled during to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT subsequently said :
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Scnunz] asks
to be excused from further service upon the
Committee on Military Affairs. The Chair
hears no objection, and he is excused. How
shall the vacancy on this committee be filled ?
Mr. POMEROY. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made if there be no objection.
Subsequently the following appointments to
fill vacanciesin the committees were announced:
Committee on Military Affairs—Mr. Ames.
Committee on Indian Affairs—Mr. Ham-
ilton, of Texas.
Committee on Mines and Mining—Mr.
Flanagan.
Select Committee on the liemoval of Political
Disabilities—'Mr. Ames, and Mr. Hamilton
of Texas.
Committee on Education and Labor—Mr.
Flanagan.
bills introduced.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 754) to incorporate a zoologi-
cal society in the city of Washington, District
of Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. IlAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 755) to authorize the corporate authorities
of the city of Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia, to pave and improve the streets
thereof; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
75G) to appropriate the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands of the United States for
educational purposes; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 757) to relieve sundry citizens of the State
of Florida from political disabilities; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities, and ordered to be printed.
presidio reservation.
Mr. COLE. The bill (S. No. 370) granting
the Presidio reservation to the city of San
Francisco for a public park was reported back
from the Committee on Military Affairs yester-
day adversely and indefinitely postponed. I
move that the vote by which it was indefinitely
postponed be reconsidered in order that the
bill may go upon the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, that motion will be regarded as
agreed to, and the bill will be placed on the
Calendar with the adverse report of the com-
mittee. The Chair hears no objection.
order oe business.
Mr. IlICE. I now ask the consent of the
Senate to proceed to the consideration of the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 165) extendingthe
time for the completion of the first section
of twenty miles of the Cairo and Fulton rail-
road.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear
the bill read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois reserves the right to object.
Mr. CAMERON, i hope the Senator from
Arkansas will allow me to present a resolution
which is a part of the morning business.
Mr. RICE. Certainly.
testimonial to volunteers.
Mr. CAMERON. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for is present consideration:
Rexolved, That tho Committee on Military Affairs
be directed to suggest some appropriate testimonial
m honor of the volunteers of Pennsylvania, who,
on tho 18th of April, 1861, and the volunteers of Mas-
sachusetts, who, on the 19th of April, 1861, marched
through the city of Baltimore to defend the capital
of their country, they being tho first troops to re-
spond to the first war proclamation of tho President
of tho United States,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the reso-
lution ? The Chair hears none, and it is before
the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. Who offered that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron.]
Mr. THURMAN. "They being the first
troops!"
Mr. CAMERON. That reached the city of
Washington in response to the call of the Presi-
dent of the United States. The proclamation
was issued on the 15th of April, and the troops
from Pennsylvania arrived here on the 18th,
and those from Massachusetts arrived here on
the 19th.
Mr. THURMAN. If I understood the state-
ment in the resolution, it is that they were the
first troops that responded to the call.
Mr. CAMERON. Yes; they were the first
to respond by coming here.
Mr. THURMAN. But the language is: "in
responding to the call." That will admit of a
very different signification. I think there were
troops in arms in Ohio, in Indiana, and every
western State as soon as they were in arms in
Pennsylvania or in Massachusetts. Is this a
resolution of inquiry or instruction? I ask
that it be reported again.
The Secretary again read the resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. The last clause is inac-
curate.
Mr. CAMERON. I will not attempt to dis-
pute with the Senator from Ohio about words,
knowing that he is a much better educated per-
son than I am ; but I think the only response
which was effective was in bringing themselves
here. In Ohio and in various other States men
began to organize very soon, but the troops to
whom the resolution refers came here, those
from Pennsylvania within three days of the
time the proclamation was issued, and those
from Massachusetts within four days. They
were so prompt as to command at that time
the admiration of the whole country, and in-
deed almost of the whole world. Four com-
panies came here from Pennsylvania fully
equipped, and a whole regiment, I believe,
from Massachusetts in four days after the proc-
lamation was issued; perhaps in three days,
for the proclamation was not issued until the
afternoon of the 15th and telegraphed over the
country.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Pennsylvania which started
first, those from Massachusetts or those from
Pennsylvania?
Mr. CAMERON. That I do not know ; but
if the Senator is very anxious to know that and
it will have any effect, I will inquire. [Laugh-
ter.] I only ask the Senator from Ohio to allow
this resolution to go before the Committee on
Military Affairs, and if their report is unpleas-
ant to him or is not correct, then I shall be
glad to listen to any suggestions he may make ;
but I will thank him to let this resolution pass
now.
Mr. THURMAN. My friend from Pennsyl-
vania entirely misapprehends me if he supposes
that I am objecting to his resolution. I object
to the reason that is tacked to the bottom of
the resolution, and that not because 1 am dis-
posed to detract from the merits of the Penn-
sylvania soldiers or of the Massachusetts sol-
diers, but because I want justice done to all.
The truth is, that that proclamation of the
President as soon as it was telegraphed through
this country set thousands and thousands of
men to enlisting and putting themselves in
arms, and in less than three days in my own
town there were more than two thousand men
in camp. I do not wish to do any injustice to
Pennsylvania or to Massachusetts; nor 'do I
want any injustice done anywhere else; and if
my friend will agree to strike out that reason,
which, if the resolution be adopted, will have
the sanction of the Senate and be the reason
given by the Senate, and confine his resolution
to a direction to the Military Committee with-
out the reason, I will very cheerfully vote
for it.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will make
a suggestion I will probably adopt it. I think
the resolution is now properly worded, and I
would rather have it in its present shape.
Mr. THURMAN. My friend on the right
[Mr. Warner] suggests the fact that on the
very second day after the proclamation he
reported a full company at Camp Chase, in
Columbus.
Mr. CAMERON. Now, let me tell the Sen-
ator from Alabama that Camp Chase did not
exist the second day after the issuing of the
proclamation. There was no such place desig-
nated, no such name. Men may have responded
by assembling together in their own towns and
neighborhoods; but what sort of response
would that have been if this city had been as-
sailed, as it was about being, by the rebels?
What good would they have done at their
homes? These people from Massachusetts
and Pennsylvania came here, part of them
within three days of the time they were called
upon and the others within four days; and
their services were so important that I always
thought from that time till now that some day
or other I would propose to offer to them some
proper testimonial of their promptitude in
coming here.
Mr. CONKLING. May I make a sugges-
tion to the honorable Senator?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes; but I mean no dis-
paragement to the troops of any other State.
I mean this only as a compliment to these men
who are deserving of it.
Mr. CONKLING. As the Senator is con-
sidering the propriety of amending the resolu-
tion, I wish to ask him if lie will not include
one other thing. 1 will not ask him to include
all the volunteers from New York, although
more men volunteered from that State than
from any other State, and volunteered when
they were called, first and last and all the time ;
but I ask him to include at least the men from
New York who volunteered and hastened to his
own State, the great State of Pennsylvania, to
defend her and her citizens when an-incursion
took place there.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to suggest to the
Senator from Pennsylvania an amendment that
will make his resolution just. If his resolution
declares that the troops from Pennsylvania and
Massachusetts were the first that arrived here
in defense of the capital, that is true. To say
that they were the first that responded to the
call may not be true, because response was
made in all the States as soon as the proclama-
tion was issued. There was this difference,
however, that in Massachusetts and Pennsyl-
vania they had volunteer companies and regi-
ments already organized that could at once
take the field; but in Indiana and Ohio they
had to organize them first; but the men volun-
teered as soon as the proclamation was issued
and responded as early as they did m 1 enn-
sylvania or Massachusetts.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not care about words.
I am not particular what words are used.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the honorable
Senator will allow me to correct one state-
ment. The New York seventh regiment was
