1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5251
Townsend, Van Auken, Van Horn, Wallace, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker. Whitmore, Williams,
Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Winans—86.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, Asper, At-
wood, Ayer, Barry, Benjamin, Biggs, Boles, George
M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Bufnnton, Burchard,
Burdett, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Calkin, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Coburn,
Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Donley, Dyer,
Ferry, Fitch, Fox, Haldeman, Hawley, Hay, Hays,
Hoar, Jenckes, Judd, Kerr, Lash, Lewis. Logan,
Lougbridge, Marshall, McCormick, McKee, Mc-
Kenzic, McNeely, Jesse 11. Moore, Morphis, Daniel
J.Morrell, Mungen, Orth, Packard, Paine, Phelps,
Poland, Pomeroy. Porter, Bice, Rogers, Sanford,
Sawyer, Shanks, LionelA. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
Joseph S, Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Xaffe, Taylor,
Trimble, Twichell, Tyner, Van Wyck, Voorhees,
Ward, Wells, Wheeler, Willard, and Winchester—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Axtoll, Banks, Barnum,
Beaman, Beck, Bennett, Bowen, Boyd, James
Brooks. Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Cowles, Dege-
ncr,Dixon, Dockers', Ela., Farnsworth, Fisher, Gar-
field, Gibson, Griswold, Haight, Hambleton, Ham-
ilton, Hill, Hoge, Holmari, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Alexander II. Jones, Julian, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Knott, Laflin, Lynch, McCrary, Milnes,
Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Myers,
Newsham, Perce, Piatt, Prosser, Kidgway, Sargent,
Shober, Slocum, Strader, Strong, Tanner, Upson,
Van Trump, CadwaladerC. Washburn, Wilkinson,
Witeher, Wood and Woodward—61.
So the resolutions were laid on the table.
Mr. DICKEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were laid on the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
english schooner sibyl.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to report back from the Commit-
tee on Appropriations the Senate bills I pro-
posed to report yesterday. If there be any
extended debate I will withdraw them. I first
report back a bill (S. No. 88) to carry into
effect the decree of the district court of the
United States for the southern district of New
York, in the ease of the English schooner
Sibyl and her cargo, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to make the proper payments
to carry into effect the decree of the district
court of the United States for the southern
district of New York, bearing date the 2d day
of March, 1868, in the case of the English
schooner Sibyl and her cargo, illegally seized
by a cruiser of the United States, such pay-
ments to be made to the several persons
named iii such decree, or their legal repre-
sentatives, the sums therein awarded to them,
respectively, with interest fronj the date of
the decree.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
british schooner flying scud.
Mr. DAWES also, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (S. No. 86) to carry into
effect the decree of the district court of the
United States for the district of Louisiana, in
the case of the British schooner Flying Scud
and her cargo, with the recommendation that
it do pass.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Bernardo Caymari,
a subject of Spain, or his legal representatives,
the sum of $42,936 75; and to Jules Aldige, a
subject of France, or his legal representatives,
the sum of $12,527 37, with interest in both
cases from the date of a decree of the district
court of the United States for the district of
Louisiana, pronounced on the 3d day of Feb-
ruary, 1869, by which these sums, due on ac-
count of the illegal capture of their property
by a cruiser of the United States, were respect-
ively awarded to these claimants; provided,
however, that out of any money hereby appro-
priated for said Bernardo Caymari the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall retain such sums as
will satisfy any judgments or other legal claims
or demands which the United States may have
against said Caymari.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
for one moment, Mr. Speaker, to call the atten-
tion of the House to this bill. It is for losses
by capture. Now, sir, within the last week six
fishing vessels, American fishing vessels, be-
longing to the United States, have been cap-
tured and carried into Canadian ports by Cana-
dian revenue-cutters, without right and against
law ; and I hardly know whether, as one of the
Representatives of the people, I should sit here
and legislate to take money out of the Treasury
to pay British subjects for captured vessels
during the war while that state of facts exists.
The only thing which troubles me is that these
British vessels have established rights to this
money in our courts. I do not like to com-
mence reprisals just now ; but I take this oppor-
tunity to say, while I will permit so far as my
vote goes this one to be paid, this is the last
money which ever shall be paid out of the
Treasury, so far as my vote is concerned, until
this capturing of our vessels, interfering with
our fishermen in British waters, is stopped. I
will serve that notice now, once for all.
Mr. DAWES. What my colleague has said
is all right; but this is a Spaniard. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
what I would have said if it had been a Britisher.
[Renewed laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
british brig dashing wave.
Mr. DAWES, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (S. No. 87) to carry into
effect the decree of the district court of the
United States for the district of Louisiana in
the case of the British brig Dashing Wave I
and her cargo, with the recommendation that
it do pass.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
the bill I meant to have spoken to.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to make the proper payments
to carry into effect the decree of the district
court of the United States for the district of
Louisiana, bearing date the 13th of July, 1867,
in the case of the British brig Dashing Wave
and her cargo, illegally seized by a cruiser of 1
the United States, which decree was made in i
pursuance of the decision of the Supreme Court
ofthe United Slates, pronounced at the Decern-
ber term, 18G6, such payments to be made to j
the several persons named in such decree, or ;
their legal representatives, the sums therein
awarded to them, respectively, with interest
from the date of the decree.
Mr. CALKIN. I observe that.it is proposed
by this bill to take out, of the Treasury the sum
of $251,000. Bat we have claims on the part
of citizens of this country amounting to mil-
lions of dollars for American vessels destroyed
by English-built ships manned by English crews,
and those accounts are still unsettled. Yet we
propose to pay $251,000 for a claim of this
kind. I must say that I am opposed to the
payment of these claims until the English Gov-
ernment remunerates American citizens for
damages done to our vessels and to our com-
merce.
Mr. DAWES. I will say to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Calkix] that the rule
which governed the committee was that we
should do right, and we should then be stronger
in our demand upon others to do right.
Mr. CALKIN. The principle laid down by
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions is a good one. I admit the correctness
of his principle, but I think it would be well to
have some settlement of the claims of Amer-
ican citizens to which I have referred, whiclr
were pending before this oneoriginatcd.
Mr. DAWES. I agree with the gentleman.
But this is a judgment of the court, and in
favor of parties who are not at all to blame for
the short-comings of the British Government.
And I should be sorry that we should follow
the example of the British Government so well
censured by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. CALKIN. I admit that the position
taken by the gentleman from Massachusetts is
a very honorable one. Still I must say that I
am opposed to paying this bill until the British
Government pay the millions of dollars which
they owe to the citizens of this country.
Mr. MAYNAK.D. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts a single question :
whether, ill view of the claims now pending
against the British Government, it would not
be better to allow this claim to be preferred,
and to come in as a credit against the very
large demand which we make?
Mr. DAWES. This is a prize case. It is a
case where we seized a ship belonging to Brit-
ish subjects and took it into our own courts,
and our own courts decided that it did not
belong to us under the prize law, but that it
did belong to the parties from whom we wrong-
fully took it. And not only do I not seriously
think that it would be well for usto detain this
moneyagainst the judgment of ourown courts,
because the British Government has failed to
do its duty in respect to our citizens, but 1
think in the face of negotiations put by us upon
the high ground of justice and nothing more, it
would be suicidal, the height of folly, felo de se,
on our part to take this ground, " We will do
the same thing if you do not do this to us."
I should be ashamed if I were a negotiator
for the Government of the United States with
Great Britain to takcthcground that we should
pay her back by retaliation like this. 1 say it
would be unworthy of a great nation like ours
to undertake to enforce our claims upon the
British Government by any such small method
of retaliation.
Mr. CALKIN. The British Government
burned our ships, and our men only escaped
with t.heir lives ; and we seized this vessel and
took her into port. The argument of the gen-
tleman is not a good one, and I hope the House
will not pass this bill, but will allow the claim
to lie over.
The question was put on ordering the bill to
be read a third time ; and there were, on a
d:vision—ayesseventy-seven, noes not counted.
So the bili was ordered to be read a third
time ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to rc-consider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
hie vessels volant and sciunck.
Mr. DAWTES also, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (S. No. 85)
to carry into effect two several decrees of the
district court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Louisiana, in the cases of the British
vessels Volant and Science.
The bill proposes to direct the Secretary of
the Treasury to make the proper payments to
carry into effect thedecree of the district couil
oi the United States for the district of Louis-
iana, bearing date the 4th of June, 1867, in
the case of the British brig Volant and her
cargo ; also another decree of the same court
bearing date the llrii of June, in the same
year, in the case of the British bark Science
and cargo, vessels illegally seized by a cruiser
of the United States; such payments to be
