1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4307
the preamble by striking out the word " fourth"
andinserting "second;" so as to read, "by the
second article of the Cherokee treaty of 1835."
That modification will be made.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
DISTILLED SPIRITS IN CALIFORNIA.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. Ill) relating to the
seizure of certain distilled spirits in California.
Mr. COLE. Let that be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over.
POSTAL TELEGRAPH.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 422) to establish a postal telegraph sys-
tem, and to incorporate the United States Postal
Telegraph Company.
Mr. FOWLER. Let that be passed over.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that bill ought to
be considered. I do not suppose we can do it
to-night; but I call the attention of the Senate
to the fact that it is of great importance, and
I shall take an early occasion to call it up.
Mr. SPENCER. It is a measure of great
reform also.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
bill will be stated.
CONTEMPTS OF COURTS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 271) to punish contempts of the courts
of the United States in certain cases.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Carpenter] who reported thatbill
is not here. I think it may as well be passed
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
JUDGE IN TEXAS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 172) to establish the office of associate
judge for the eastern district of Texas.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That bill may as well
be indefinitely postponed. The district judge
for the eastern district of Texas has resigned
and another judge been appointed in his place
since this bill was reported, and that has super-
seded the necessity of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois moves that the bill be indefinitely
postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
PROTECTION TO ALL PERSONS.
The next bill on the Calendar wes the bill
(S. No. 365) to secure to all persons the equal
protection of the laws.
Mr. THURMAN. That bill I think was
incorporated in the famous fifteenth amend-
ment bill. , . ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe the substance
of that bill was incorporated in the bill to
enforce the fifteenth amendment. But I do not
see the Senator from Nevada here. As we
acted on the subject, I move that the bill be
indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
ItAILROADS IN FLORIDA.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 488) granting lands to aid m the con-
struction of certain railroads in the State ot
rlMrdTHURMAN. I am willing thatbill may
be read for information, reserving the right to
°b'rhe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands report an amendment,
to strike out all after the enacting clause ot the
bill and insert a substitute. 1 he substitute only
will be read, unless the reading of tne original
hill be called for. „ ...
The amendmentof the Committee on I ubtic
Lands was read, being to strike out all ot the
bill after the enacting clause and insert
following:
Thn t there ishereby granted to the State of I1 iorida,
fof the use and heneftt of the ttroat Southern Rail-
way Company, the same being a company organized
under the laws of the State ot Florida, to construct,
equip, and operate a railroad from, the Saint Mary's
river, on the northern boundary of Florida, via
Jacksonville, to Key JBiscayne bay, or the most
southern available harbor on the coast or keys of
Florida, with a branch railroad to Charlotte harbor,
or Caloosa entrance, and to their successors and
assigns, the right of way, through the public lands,
of the width of one hundred leeton eacn side ot said
road, and the right to take from the adjacent public
lands materials for constructing said road, and also
the necessary land for depots, stations, side-tracks,
and other needful uses in operating the road, not
exceeding forty acres at any one place; and also
each alternate section of land designated by odd
numbers, for ten sections in width on each side of
said road and branch. But in case it shall appear
that the United States, when the line or route of
said road and branch is definitely fixed, have sold
any section or any part thereof, granted as aforesaid,
or that the right of preemption or of homestead set-
tlement has attached to the same, or that the same
has been reserved by the United States for any pur-
pose whatever, or granted to any other corporation,
then it shall bo the duty of the Secretary of the
Interior to cause to be selected for the purposes
aforesaid, from the public lands of the United States
nearest to tiers of sections above specified, so much
land in alternate sections or parts of sections desig-
nated by odd numbers as shall bo equal to such lands
as the United States have sold, reserved, granted, or
otherwise appropriated, or to which the rights of
preemption or homestead settlement have attached
as aforesaid; which lands thus indicated by odd num-
bers and selected by direction of the Secretary of the
Interior as aforesaid, shall be held and appropriated
by the State of Florida for the use and purpose afore-
said : Provided, That the lands to be so selected shall
in no case be located more than thirty miles from tho
line ot said road.
Sec. 2, And be it further enacted. That any and all
lands heretofore reserved to tho United States by
any act of Congress, or in any other manner by com-
petent authority, for tho purpose of aiding in any
object of internal improvement, or for any other
purpose whatsoever, be, and the same are hereby,
reserved to tho United States from the operations
of this act, excopt so far as may be necessary to locate
the route ot said roads through saul lands, in which
case the right of way for one hundred ieet 011 each
side only shall be granted.
Sec. 3. And be it jurther enctctad, That the sections
and parts of sections of laud which by such grants
shall remain to tho United Statos within tea miles
on each side ot said roads, shall not be sold tor less
than double the minimum price ot the public lands
when sold; nor shall any ot said lands become sub-
ject to sale at private entry until tho &amo shall
have been first offered at public sale to tho highest
bidder at or above the increased minimum price as
aforesaid: Provided, That actual and bona fide set-
tiers, uuder the provisions of the preemption and
homestead laws of the United States, may, alter due
proof of settlement, improvement, cultivation, and
occupation, as now provided by law, purchase tho
same at tho increased minimum pnee aforesaid:
Provided, also. That settlers on any reserved sec-
tions under the provisions of the homestead law,
who occupy, improve, and cultivate tho samo for a
period of tivo years, and comply with the several
conditions and requirements ot said act, shall bo
entitled to an amount not exceeding eighty acics
C£1Bec 4 ^ 'Lt rurthcr enacted, That after the con-
struction of said roads, said companies shall at all
times be in readiness to transpoit troops, munitions
of war supplies, and public stores, upon their roads
for the Government, when required to do so by any
Department thereol; the Government at all times
having the preference in tho use ot said roads for all
purposes aforesaid, at fair and reasonable rates of
compensation, not exceeding that paid by private
individuals, or tho average paid for like services op
other roads; and the lands hereby granted, held,
and reserved as aforesaid, shall mure to the benefit
of the said corporations as follows: when the pres-
ident of either of said corporations shall present to
the Secretary of the Interior a statement, verified by
oath taken before a judge of a court of record of the
United States, and certified by the Governor of tlio
State of Florida, certifying that any section of ten
consecutivo miles of tho road of such company is
comnleted in a good, substantial, and workmanlike
manner, as a first-class railroad, then the Secretary
of the Interior shall issue to such company patents
for so manyseetions of tho landherembeforc granted,
lie oDDOsite to, and conterminous with, the said
completed section ; and when the certificates, as
aforesaid, of the president ot either of said com-
panies shall be presented to the secretary of tho
Interior of the completion, as aforesaid, of each suc-
cessive section of ten consecutive miles of the road
of such company, tne Secretary of the interior shall,
in like manner, issue to suoli company, for the said
sections of road, land as aforesaid, for each of said
sections of road, until such road shall be completed.
And when the certificate of the president of either
of said companies, certified as aforesaid, shall be
presented to the Secretary of the Interior, that the
road of such company is completed m a good, .ub-
<?tantial. and workmanlike mannei, as a nr t-class
railroad, the Secretary of the Interior shall issue to
such company patents tor ail the remaining lands
granted in this act for, and on cs°u^
dieted road throughout the entire length ot sucn
road: Provided, That if either of said railroad com-
panies. or their assigns, shall fail to complete at least
one section of its road within two years from the date
of its acceptance of the grant provided for in this
act, and to complete at least one section-each year
thereafter, then its right to the lands for said sec-
tion, so failing of completion, shall reverfctothe Gov-
ernment of the Uniteu States; And-provided further*
That if either of said roads is not completed within
ten years from the date of the acceptance of the
grant hereinbefore made, then the lands remaining
unpatented to such uncompleted road shall revert to
the United States.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That as soon as
either of said companies shall file with theSecretary
of the Interior maps of its lines, designating the
route or routes thereof, it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of the Interior to withdraw from themar-
ket the lands granted by this act, in such manner as
may be best calculated to effect the purposes of thitf
act and subserve tho public interest.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the United
States mails shall be transported on said roads under
the direction of the Post Office Department at such,
price as Congress may by law provide: Provided,
That until such price is fixed by the law the Post-
master G-enox'al shall have power to fix tho compen-
sation.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the accept-
ance of the terms, conditions, and impositions of this
act by the said companies, or either of them, shall be
signified in writing, under the corporate seal of the
respective companies, duly executed pursuant to the
direction of the board of directors of the respective
companies first had and obtained; which acceptance
shall bo made within one year alter the passage of
this act and not afterward, and shall be deposited
with the Secretary of tho Interior.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That so much of
an act entitled "An act granting public lands in al-
ternate sections to the States of Florida and Alabama
to aid in the construction of certain railroads in said
States," approved May 17,1856, as applies to the pur-
pose of aiding in tho construction of railroads from
St. John's river, at Jacksonville, to the waters of
Escambia bay, at or near Pensacola, with all the
provisions applicable to said road therein made, be,
and thesamo is hereby, revived and extended for the
term of five years from the passage of this act; and
all the lands therein granted which reverted to the
United States under tho provisions of said act be,
and tho same arc hereby, restored to tho same cus-
tody, control, and condition, and made subject to the
uses and trusts in all respects as they were before and
at tho time such reversions took effect: Provided, That
the provisions of this act shall not apply to any lands
that have been sold, entered under the homestead
act, or upon which preemption rights have attached
subsequent to the reversion of said lands to the
United States.
Mr. THURMAN. Is there any written
report accompanying that bill?
Mr. OSBORN. There is no written report
accompanying the bill.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I must object to its
consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill must go over. The next
bill will be stated.
Mr. OSBORN. I am perfectly willing to
explain this bill if the Senator from Ohio will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. THURMAN. I cannot do it. Here ia
a bill that proposes to revive laws containing
grants we know nothing at all about. There
is no report stating any of the facts, and we
can only rely on an explanation of the bill
made here when the bill is taken up. That ia
no way to consider such a bill. We ought to
have the facts before us so that we can study
them at our leisure and examine the statutes
for ourselves. Here is a long bill granting I
do not know how much land and proposing to
revive grants made by acts passed many years
ago and make them applicable to this companyj
and we are to take all that upon a verbal state-
ment made here at this hour of the night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must remind Senators that the bill is objected
to, and is not debatable.
Mr. THURMAN. I insist on my objection.
DISTRICT MEDICAL SOCIETY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 511) to repeal the charter of the Med-
ical Society of the District of Columbia. _
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the consideration
of that bill. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over.
ILLEGAL PASSENGER TAXES.
The next bill on the Calendar W« ih© bill
(S. No. 80) to punish the collection of illegal
taxes on passengers. ......
Mr TRUMBULL. Let it be read.
Mr. VICKERS. I object.
