1870.
IB®* OONOftlSBlOttAt, GLOBE.
3365
for the fiscal year ending Jun« 10, 18W; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
sum of $600,000, or so much thereof as tnay
be necessary, be, and the same is, appropriated
for compensation and mileage of members of
the House of Representatives and Delegates
from Territories to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the fiscal year ending June
30. 1S70.
Mr. BEAMAN. I now call the previous
question.
Tbe previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SHIPPING DDES.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous fconsent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1978) to repeal the
act approved March 17, 1800, entitled "An
act declaring the assent of Congress to certain
acts of the States of Maryland and Georgia;"
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
J SORTHfcRN" PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The first thing in order this
morning is the unfinished business of yesterday,
a joint resolution (S. R. No, 121) authorizing
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company to
issue its bonds for the construction of its road
and to secure the same by mortgage, and for
other purposes; and on ordering the joint res- 1
oluiiou to a third reading the main question
has been ordered.
Mr. ORTH. I ask unanimous consent to i
make a brief statement in reference to the j
pending proposition.
Mr. FITCH. 1 object. ,i
Mr, KELSEY. 1 object, unless others can
be allowed to be beard in reply.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman must object
absolutely.
Mr. K ELSKY. I object absolutely, then.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from New.
York must take the responsibility of delaying
tbe business of the House. j
Mr. KELSEY. I take the responsibility, i
unless we can be heard on this side as well as !
the other.
Mr. ORTH. I now understand there will i
be no objection to my proceeding. !
Mr. KEL8EY. Not if it be understood thai
we can be heard on this side.
Tbe SPEAKER. The Chait Will ask for
any gentleman precisely the s&md privilege he
now asks for the gentleman from Indiana. Me
cannot entertain unanimous consent for one
gentleman to speak with the proviso that An-
other shall be allowed to speak. It .is not.
within the rules of the House.
_ Mr. KEItSEY. Then I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope, if he thinks proper
to take it, that the gentleman who introduced
this joint resolution shall be allowed the same
leogth of time after the gentleman from Indi-
ana has been heard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair dannot doobt
the House will aocord the sane privilege to.
the gentleman .from New York.
Mr. SARGENT. Five minutes each.
There was no objection'.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from tncfi-
®ua is entitled to tbe floor for live minutes.
Mr. OKTH. Mi*. Speaker, 1 wish to say to
the House for myself, and I think I may add
for those who acted with me in this matter
•yesterday, that the course we then took was
taken in no fltoiiotis spirit, b«t under ft rfehse
of duty to ourselves and to those whom we
represent on this floor. We regarded this meas-
ure as one of the most important that could
engage the attention of this House, so much so
that we felt that it was but right to the people
of this country whose property is about to pass
into the hands of a mammoth corporation that
those who differed aa to the policy of this meas-
ure involving so vast an estate, altnost an em-
pire in extent, should at least have an oppor-
tunity for brief discussion, and an opportunity
to present amendments to the House for its
action. That was denied us j. we then felt that
we could only throw Ourselves upon our right
as protected by the rules of this House, the
right of delaying action upon this matter until
members could look into the bill. Wheti it was
first presented it was hot even prihted. Coming
from the Senate it was placed upon the desk
of the Speaker, and taken thence on the motion
of the gentleman who represents the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad, and was at once
put upon its passage. The House, by a vote
of 10 or 12 majority, seconded the previous
question. We felt that the importance of this
measure demanded that it shbuld receive more
reflection. We could only accomplish this
object by what -would be regarded under ordi-
nary circumstances as a revolutionary and rep-
rehensible proceeding. But nnder the circum-
stances existing here those of us who were
engaged in that proceeding could oot regard
it in that light, and we are satisfied to leave
the consequences* to those who afe directly
responsible.
I desire now to offer a suggestion to the
House; and I believe that this morning calmer
judgment will prevail than was likely to pre-
vail here yesterday or on Thursday. I wish
now to say to the House that the only object
of thoseWho antagonize this measure is that
this bill should be referred to some proper
committee with such ameiidments as the House
may consent to refer to that committee, that
it snail be considered by that committee, and
that leave shall be granted to report at any
time. As we desire to avoid ahv unnecessary
haste we desire no unnecessary delay. 1 have,
therefore, on behalf of those who nave acted'
with me tnus far, to propose that cease' th^se
dilatory proceedings, in the hopfc, and We ap-
peal to the members of tbe House to realize
that hope, that when (hd preyionsquesHon is
moved on the passage Of the bill tne House
will vote that down, thus giviftg ah opportu-
nity to refer t&6 bill, so that proper ana delib-
erate action may be taken on it. 1. think I
know the members of this Houfee sufficiently
to justify the in saying that if our hands had
not been tied by the refusal of the motion to
reconsider the vote ordering the main ques-
tion we could yesterday have untied this knot.
The only course which, in my judgment, now
remain8 by Which the House can untie the
knot and place this matter in a different posi-
tion from that which it nOW occupies, is that
the House should refuse to Becond the previous
question oh the passage of the bill. That hav-
ing been done, it will then be in the power of the
House to refer the measure to the appropriate
committee, with such amendments as may be
offered, and with instructions to feport it back,
to the House for its action on some subsequent
day.
Mr. YAN! TRUMP. Win the gentleman
from Indiana yield to me for a question?
Mr. ORTH. Certainly. .'
Mr. VAN TRUMP. 1 desire' to ask the
gentleman whether he proposes to yield oppo-
sition without some understanding with the
other side?
Mr. ORTH. I do not yield anything.
Mr. WHEELER. I'desird at the outset to
say one word of a Mature personal to myself.
I have been charged With tyranny, in the man-
agement of this Bill.' It is the action of this
House which has alone precluded amendments
to the billi The majority of this House, as they
had the right to do, vdt6d for the previous quea-
tibrt on the bill, ahd this action by the House,
as dvery gentleman understood, and as was
announced by the Speaker, precluded all
amendments. 9q much ibr my persoual posi-
tion in this matter. I simply stand by the
action of the majority of the House.
Now, sir, one word as to the "vast grant."
This Congress is making no, vast grant to this
corporation. The grant was made in 1804, and
Is a vested interest. This bill gives to the cor-
poration no additional rod of land except what
shall be necessary to make up the deliciency
Which has beeh Created by reason of the Gov-
ernment having disposed of some of the lands
along the route contemplated by this road.
The very prospect of the building of this road
has enabled the Government to sell a large
quantity of lands and put the money into its
Treasury.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. How much?
Mr. WHEELER. I cannot tell you pre-
cisely ; I do not know. The Commissioner of
the General Land Office can tell you better
than I can. Whatever that amount may be—be
the same more or lgss—this company now ask
the Government to make up to them, and they
ask that their limits may be enlarged in order
that they may make up that deficiency. It is
alleged by the opponents of this measure that
it authorizes the company to mortgage a belt
of country one hundred and twenty miles wide.
This company to-day dues not own one rood of
land. It is in the condition of the devil upon
the mountain. It has no land to mortgage or
to sell, and the gentlemen who are opposing
this bill know well that until they have built
twenty-five miles of the road they cannot get
an acre of land under this grant, and they can-
not mortgage an acre until they get a title from
the Government. The title to this vast country
of which gentlemen speak is in the Govern-
ment alone, and is not to be parted with except
as the road is built in sections of twenty-five
miles.
One word as to the reference of this joint
resolution. The joint resolution, with the ex-
ception of the last proviso, which Was piit in
in the Sedate, faas been upon the files of this
HouSe ever since last January. ' It has been
deliberately Considered, both in its original'
and in its present form, by the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, and approved by every,
member of the committee with one exception,1
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Buf-
FINTON.J
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Thegentletnan does not
mean that it was considered by th& committee
last January?
Mr. WHEELER. I mean that it was consid-
ered Very soon after it was introduced into the*
House in January last. I am sure the record'
will bear me out in that.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Then the gentleman
has made a mistake; for he may add another
member of the committee who opposed it, and
that, is myself, when I was on that committee.
Mr. WHEELER. I never understood the
gentleman frotn Ohio [Mr. Van TruMpJ to'
oppose the joint resolution. If he Was present'
when it was acted oil in the committee he did
not make his opposition known.
I have simply to say further, that nothing is tb
be gained by delay. This question may as well
be met to-day as ever. Gentlemen understand
its merits, and if they are disposed to vote the
joint resolution down let them do it in a,
manly, fair fashion. I am not contending here;
now, at this stage of the proceedings, for the.
Northern Pacific railroad ; it is simply for the'
right of the majority of this House to shape its
legislation, and I cannot Consistently abandon
this contest until the right of the majority so to,
do is either vindicated or surrendered. _
The question was then put on ordering the
joint resolution to a third reading; and there
were—ayes 66, noes 70.
Air. WHEELER called for the yeas and
nays*
