1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the SupremeConrttohear and determine the Pro-
ceeding before said court for the dissharge of said
Y erger on habeas corpus; aiid also ifany arrangement
exists whereby the hoaring of said proceeding or of
any application fortheissneof a writ of habe'm'carpw
Ihorein has been delayed oris now delayed; -and
that he furnish the Senate copies of all agreements
entered into between him as'Attorriey General and
the counsel-of said Yerger in relation to said case.
Mr. SUMNER. That resolution had Better
lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts objects, and the resolutibn lies
over, under the rule.
STATE OP GEORGIA.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
281, to perfect the reconstruction of the State
of Georgia.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported ih full.
Mr. CONKLING. Beforethe bill is reported
may I inquire what the result of taking, up this
bill will be at the expiration of the morning
hour ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill in regard
to the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court will then come before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. And supersede this bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will, unless
the Senate otherwise dircct.
Mr. CASSEHLY. I wish to ask a question
of the Chair for information. 1 understood
yesterday when we went into executive session
that the matter then pending was the eight-hour
joint resolution of the House of Representa-
tives, to which the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] had proposed an amendment. 1
understood at that time that if the motion of
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. TimjmbuLl] had
been adopted to take up his bill that would
assign the eight-hour measure to the Calendar
of unfinished business. I understood also—
the Chair can correct me if I am mistaken—
that the matter was not disposed of yesterday,
but was passed by, and so remained when the
Senate adjourned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
to the Senator from California last eveuiug
that if the Senate adopted the motion of the
Senator from Illinois the joint resolution in
regard to the eight-hour law would go upon
the Calendar to be reached in its order, or
taken up out of order by a motion in the Senate,
the same as this bill now in regard to Georgia
was on the Calendar and has been taken up
on the motion of the Senator from Indiana.
Atone o'clock the bill in regard to the appellate
jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, under the
rule of the Senate, will come up as the unfin-
ished business pending last evening at the
adjournment. The joint resolution in regard
to the eight-hour law is on the Calendar.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was very desirous that
the eight-hour question should not be displaced,
but that it should come up directly after the
disposition of the bili of the Senator from
Illinois.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will de-
pend on the action of the Senate ; or the Sen-
ator from California can move, when the Sen-
ate is considering the bill at one o'clock in
regard to the appellate jurisdiction of the
Supreme Court, to set it aside for the purpose
of taking up the eight-hour law.
Mr. CASSERLY. At one o'clock ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. At one o'clock.
The Secretary will report the bill now before
rhe Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on the J udiciary report a modi-
fied bill, striking out all after the enacting
clause of the original bill, and to avoid the
reading of the original bill, if there be no
objection. the modiiied bill will be reported as
the bill, as (hare are amendments offered and
to be ofiered to the bill. The Chair hears no
objection. The Secretary will so report it.
file Seerei.iry ji'-td the bill as proposed to
be amended by the Committee ou the Judi-
ciary, as follows:
That the Governor of the State of Georgia be, and
Up. is hereby, authorized and directed forthwith by
proclamation to summon all persons elected to tne
General Assemblv of said State, as appears by tne
proclamation of George (J. Meade, the general com;
manding the military district including the State ol
Georgia, dated June 25,1868, to appear on some day
certain, tobenamed in said proclamation, at Atlanta,
in said- State; and thereupon the said General As-
sembly of said State gliall proceed to perfect .its
organization, in conformity with the Constitution
and laws of the United States, according to the pro-
visions of this act. _ ^
Sec. 2. And be it furijier enaeted, That when tne
members so elected to said senate and house of
'representatives shall be convened as aforesaid each
and every member and cach and every person claim-
ing to b6 elccted as a member of said senate or house
of representatives shall, in addition to taking the
oath or oaths required by, the constitution of Georgi a,
also take and subscribe and file in the office of the
secretary of State of the State of Georgia one ot the
following oaths or affirmations, namely: I do sol-
emnly swear (or affirm, as the case may be,) that 1
hav.o never held the office or exorcised the duties of
a Senator or Representative in Congress, nor been a
member of the Legislature of any State ot- the United
States, hor held any civil office created by law for the
administration of any general law of a State, or for
the administration of justice in any State or under
the laws of the United States, nor hold any office m
the military or naval servic6 of the United States
and thereafter engaged in insurrection or rebellion
against the United States, or gave aid or comfort to
its enemies, or rendered, voluntary or involuntary
support or aid to anyinsurfection orrebellionagainst
the United States, nor held any ollice under or given
any support to any govornmen t of any kind organized
or acting in hostility to tho United States or levying
war against the United States. So help mo Ood, (or
on the pains and penalties of perjury, as the casomay
be.") Or the following oath or aflhmation, namely:
" I do solemnly swear (or affirm, as the case may be)
that 1 havobeen relieved by an act of Congress of tho
United States from disability as provided for by sec-
tion threo of tho fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States. So heip me God, (or
on the pains and penalties of perjury, as the case
may be.") Which oath or affirmation, when so filed,
shall be entered of record by the secretai'y of State
of tho State of Georgia, and said oath or affirmation,
or a copy of the record thereof, duly certified by said
secretary of State, shall bo evidence in all courts and
places. And every person claiming to be so elected
who Mi sill refnso ordeclino or neglcctorbeunableto
take one of said oaths or affirmations above provided
shall not bo admitted to a scat in said senate or house
of representatives, or to a participation in tho pro-
ceedings thereof, but shall be deemed ineligible to
such seats.
tSiiO.3. And beit further enacted, That if any person
churning to be elected to said senate or house of rep-
resentatives, ns aforesaid, shall falsely take either
of snid oaths or afiirmationsabove provided hesball
1)0 deemed guilty of perjury, and shall suffer the
pains and penalties thereof; and may be tried, con-
victed, and punished therefor by the circuit court
of tho United States for the district of Georgia in
which district said crime was committed; and tho
jurisdiction of said court shall be sole and exclusive
for the puipo^e aforesaid.
Srcc. 4. And be it further cnnctcd, That the persons
elected, as aforesaid, and entitled to compose such
Legislature, and who -diall comply with the provis-
ions of thLs act, by taking one of the oaths or affirm-
ations above prescribed, shall thereupon proceed, in
said senate and house of representatives to which
they have been elected, respectively, to reorganize
said senate and bouse of representatives, respect-
ively, by the election' of tho proper officers of each
house.
Si-'O. And be it further mooted, That if any per-
son shall by force, violence, or fraud willfully hinder
or interrupt any person or persons elected as afore-
said from takmg either of the oaths or affirmations
prescribed by this act, or from participating in the
proceedings of said senate or house of representa-
tives aftei having taken one of said oaths or afiirm-
ations. and otherwise fomplied with this act, he shall
be deemed guilty of a felony, and may be tried, con-
victed, and punished therefor by the circuit or dis-
trict court of the United Stntcs for the district of
Georgia in which district said offense shall be com-
mitted; and shall bo punished thereforby imprison-
ment at hard labor for not less than two nor more
than ten years, in the discretion of the court; and
the j urisdiction of said courts shall be sole and exclus-
ive for the purpose aforesaid.
Sfc. 6. And be it further enacted, That it is hereby
declared that the exclusion of any person or persons
elected as aforesaid, and being otherwise qualified,
from participation in the proceedings of said senate
or house of representatives, upon tho ground of racc,
color, or previous condition of servitude, would be
illegal and revolutionary, and is hereby prohibited.
Sec. 7. Andbeztfurther enactedThat upon the appli-
cation oftheGovernorof Georgia the President ofthe
United States shall employ such military or naval
forces of .the United States as may bo necessary to
enforcc and execute the provisions of this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That tho Legisla-
ture of Georgia shall be regarded as provisional only
until the further action of Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Jf there he no
objection this will stand as the original bill.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Secretary to read
the amendment that I have submitted.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out the eighth section and in lieu
thereof to insert the following:
That the Legislature shall be provisional only, and
until after it has ratified the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States, and Senators and Representatives m Con-
gress from th<* State of Georgia have been admitted
to their seats.
Mr. MORTON. I offer an additional amend
ment to section seven.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire the whole of this to be read as one amend-
ment in lieu of the eighth section ?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir; the second section
comes in as an additional one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ^ Then the ques-
tion now will be on the motion to strike out
the eighth section and to insert what has just
been reported by the Secretary.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, that
provision requiring the Legislature to adopt
the fifteenth amendment to the Constitution was
omitted from the bill by the committee, or a
majority of the committee, purposely and not
by accident. My objection personally to the
Senator's amendment is twofold ; first, I think
it wholly unnecessary. If the people of (Geor-
gia do not understand already that they will not
be admitted into the Union until the fifteenth
amendment to the Constitution is adopted by
them, they certainly will understand it before
they get in. But I think the amendment is
pernicious in this respect; it will be claimed
hereafter, and will be the subject of much dis-
cussion, that these southern States have not
voluntarily ratified that amendment of the Con-
stitution. I do not say that that claim is well
foundedj I do not believe it is j but we shall
hear it, and I am opposed to any amendment
of this bill which shall lead manifestly to the
discussion of these troublesome subjects here-
after. They will say that they were held by
military power ; they will say that Congress
dictated to them the-terms upon which they
were to come into the Union ; that they were
practically and substantially in duress and are
not bound by the vote of adoption they have
passed. Now, I am simply objecting to this
because I am opposed to making up a bill of
exceptions upon which some future Jeff. Davis
shall move for a new trial.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin whereabouts
that ground is to be taken and for what pur-
pose it is to be taken in the future?
Mr. CARPENTER. It will be taken by the
enemies of this country, not by its friends; but
I think we have seen enough in the experience
of the last ten years to make it desirable to
steer clear of such discussions, even from the
enemies.
Mr. DBAKE. I did not know but that the
question of whether those constitutional amend-
ments were ratified was in some future day to
be brought for decision before the Supreme
Court of the United States, where it might bo
denied that they had been constitutionally
adopted and the plea of duress put in by the
State of Georgia to show that she had been
coerced into the ratification, and therefore that
her ratification was void. Unless this subject
is in that way to go before some outside tribu-
nal which is regarded by the Committee on the
Judiciary of the Senate as having a higher
power than that of Congress, I do not see that
we need to have any particular apprehension
about the matter being put in the shape pro-
posed by the Senator from Indiana. If it is to
come before Congress, then it will _ probably
make no difference whether Georgia ratifies
these amendments under the coercion of this
section or not.
Mr. President, I want that these rebel States
should he made t;> feel the power of this nation
through its Congress. I want that the rebels
I of the South, as much rebels probably m heart
1 to-day as they ever weie, may be made to fee!
