1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4309
havingbeen acted upon by the Senate in another
shape, the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. HARLAN. I believe the subject-mat-
ter has been incorporated in another bill; but
it should be passed over, remaining on the Cal-
endar, until we see if the House agree to it as
an amendment to the Indian appropriation bill.
' The PRESIDING- OFFICER. It will be
passed over.
william chinn,
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 545) for the relief of William Chinn;
which was read the second time. It provides
for the payment of £723 to William Chinn, a
colored man, of Prince William county, in the
State of Virginia, in his own right, and as the
lawful assignee of Mrs. Frances B. Gibson, his
late mistress, in lull compensation of all losses
sustained by him and her, severally and jointly,
on account of live stock, provisions, and forage
of every kind, furnished to and taken by the
troops of the United States from the farm of
Mrs. Gibson, in that county, during the late
civil war, and in full compensation for all losses
sustained by either and by both, for pasturage,
damage to fences on the farm, and for any
other losses not enumerated.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the sum total?
Mr. PRATT. I will state to the Senator
from Massachusetts 
Mr. HOWARD. I believe there is a report
accompanying that bill. 1 wrote one myself
formerly, when I was in the Committee on
Claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the report will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report
submitted by Mr. Pratt, from the Committee
on Claims, on the 10th of February, 1870 ; but
alter reading a few sentences  
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we need spend
no more time upon that. It involves a ques-
tion that we have very often debated here.
Mr. HOWARD. Nob at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The only distinction is
here that this is the case of a colored man ;
and I do not think that makes any difference.
Mr. HOWARD. There is a marked dis-
tinction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to the consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator allow me
to make an explanation'/
Mr. SHERMAN. It is hardly worth while
to go into it.
Mr. HOWARD. Just one word of explana-
tion. This property was all protected by a
solemn safeguard issued by the officer in com-
mand of that region of country, by which the
person and the property of the owner were
sacredly protected ; bat notwithstanding that
safeguard, the property was taken by our
troops. Now, if there is any validity and ]
sacredness in a safeguard this property ought
to be paid for : if there be not, it (alls within
the category of other similar claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The Chair
will again put the question. Is there objection
to proceeding with tins bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator who objects
is sitting in his place engaged. Certainly the
rule requires that when objection is made, a
bill shall not be proceeded with further.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator 
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, I object.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio objects, and the bill will be passed
over.
imr1igkant labojl contracts.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. SUB) to make the importation of immi-
grants under labor contracts unlawful.
Mr. VICKERS. Let, it bo passed over.
The PKESIDING-OFFICEK. The bill will ;
be passed over.
college scrip for district of columbia.
The nest bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No, 482) to provide for the location of
agricultural college scrip by actual settlers.
The Chief Clerk. The Committee on Public
Lands report -the bill with an amendment, to
strike out all after the enacting clause, and in
lien thereof to insert 
Mr. STEWART. I object..
Mr. WILLIAMS. Wait until the bill is read.
Mr. STEWART. Well, I will hear the bill.
The Chief Clerk resumed and concluded the
reading of the amendment, as follows :
Strike out all after tho enacting clause, and insert
the following:
That there be granted to the cities of Washington
and Georgetown and tho county of Washington, in
the District of Columbia, seven hundred and fifty
thousand acres of the public lands of the United
States, to be divided between the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown and the county of Washington,
according to tho population thereof as ascertained
by the census of 18(30, for tho support of public
schools.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the city of
Washington and the city of Georgetown and county
of Washington shall not select, locate, nor hold tho
land granted in the first section of this act, nor any
part thereof; but land scrip shall bo issued for tho
same to the city of Washington, tho city of George-
town, and the county of Washington, corresponding
in quantity and aggregate with tho land granted in
the first section of this act, and to be apportioned as
in tho first section is provided, said scrip to bo sold
by -said cities and county and assigned by such officers
and in such manner as the Secretary of the Interior
may order and prescribe; but mineral lands shall
not be subject to location by any of said scrip.
skc. 3. And be it further enacted, That the expenses
of the sale and assignment of such scrip, awl the
investment and management of tho fund realized
from the sale thereof, shall be paid by tho said cities
of Washington and Georgetown, and county of Wash-
ington, so that the entire proceeds shall bo applied,
without any diminution whatever, to tho purposes
herein mentioned.
Sr,c. 4. And be it further enacted, That all moneys
derived from the sale of tho scrip hereinbefore pro-
vided lor shall be invested in the stocks of tho United
Statcb yielding not less than five per cent, upon tho
par value thereof; that the moneys so invested shall
constitute aperpetual fund, the capital of which shall
remain forever undiminished, and tho interest of
which shall bo inviolably appropriated by said cities
and county to the support and maintenance of pub-
lic schools in said cities and county, lor tho educa-
tion of the children \n said citios and county between
the ages of fivo and seventeen years, to bo used in
the support and maintenance of such schools without
distinction ot color or race of the children attending
them.
S\:c. 5. And be it further cnaeted. That if any por-
tion of the fund invested as before provided, or any
portion of the intercut thereon shall by any action
or contingency bo diminished or lost, it shall be re-
placed by the city or county to which it belongs, so
that the fund shall remain forever undiminished;
and no portion of tho fund or the interest shall be
applied toward the purchase of any site for the con-
struction of any school-house or building.
Swc.O. And be it further enacted, That no agricul-
tural college scrip, and no scrip issued under tho
provisions of this act, which shall be and remain in
tho possession of the parties authorized to receive
the same from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, shall be sold by said parties for less than sev-
enty-five cents per acre for each and every acre.
She. 7. And b''. it fw ther enacted, That any portion
of the scrip issued lo any of the States under the act
of Congress approved July 2,1862, entitled "An act
donating public lands to the several States and Ter-
ritories which may provide colleges for tho benefit
of agricultural and mechanic arts," may be located
by any actual settler upon tho public land, who may
be entitled to enter a quarter section, of onehundred
and sixty acres, or any less legal subdivision, and
received in payment at the proper land office where
the tract is situated, at the rate of $1 25 per acre.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That any settler
who may have settled under tho preemption laws
upon lands raised to $2 50 per acre, in consequence
of their being included within, tho limits of any rail-
road grant, or for any otfter reason the land is held
by the Government at $2 50 per acre, may have the
right to pav in said college scrip for eighty acrcs of
said land by depositing one hundred and sixty acrcs
of said scrip; and it shall hercatrcr be lawful for the
officers of the land districts ot the United States to
receive the said scrip in payment for said land, at
the hand of any person who bv law is entitled to pre-
emption, at the price of $1 To for each acre of scrip
tendered m payment.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That the rules
and regulation governing the location of military
bounty land warrants by preemptors shall apply to
the location of agricultural college scrip, and to tho
same oxtent, while used by actual, settlers; and all
fees due the land officers tor this service shall be the
same asl'or military bounty-land warrants: Pi ovided,
That the aggregate amount duo any officer of tho
land office shall not thereby be increased.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That any and all
agricultural college scrip received from actual set-
tlers shall be taken at $1 25centsper acre for the
number of acres contained in each piece or parcel
of scrip; and if there be still a balance due to the
Government from any settler for any tract of land,
m legal subdivisions, located and settled, that bal-
anco may be paid in money. But if the scrip shall
overpay for the land located, no claim shall exist
against the United States to pay In money for any
such balance. ^
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, Thatall agricul-
tural college scrip sball hereafter be located only
undor the provisions of this act, and the scrip hereby
authorized shall be located only in the same man-
ner.
Sf.o. 12. And be it further enacted. That this act
shall bo m force from and after its passage.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I object to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being ob-
jected to, the bill cannot be proceeded with.
Mr. NYE. It is quite evident that we are
not going to do anything. We spend half an
hour in reading a bill, and then after it is read
objection is made to it. We make no sort of
headway. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. RAMSES'. Letussit until ten o'clock.
Mr. NYE. What do we gain by sitting here
reading bills, and then having objection made?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to. •
i'keedmbn's bureau.
The next bill on the -Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 431) to abolish the Freedmen's Bureau,
and providing for the Bureau of Education.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg to make one sug-
gestion: that if Senators intend to object to
bills they will do it when the title is read, and
not at the end of the reading of the bill, and it
will save us a great deal of time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. How can a man object
until he knows what is in the bill?
Mr. FOWLER. I object to this bill being
proceeded with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, It will be
passed over.
lawrence l. merry.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(II. II. No. 886) for the relief of Lawrence L.
Merry, collector of internal revenue for the
twentieth district of New York.
Mr. NYE. Neither of the New York Sen-
ators is here. Nobody knows anything about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made, and the bill cannot be proceeded with.
CIVIL SERVICE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 356) to reform the civil service of the
United States.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let that be passed
over.
The PRESIDING. OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
territory os alaska.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 576) to establish a territorial govern-
ment for the territory of Alaska.
Mr. FOWLER. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over.
geo rob 1'. wekborn.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 139) to enable the
Court of Claims to hear and determine the
claim of George F. Werborn, a subject of the
king of Prussia.
Mr. SUMNER. Let that be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over.
national paving company.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 560) to incorporate the National Pav-
ing Companyof Washington, District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does not that come under
tho general incorporation law?
Mr. HAMLIN. No. _ T
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to proceeding with the consideration
of this hill ?
Mr CHANPLER. Let it go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will bis
passed over.
