1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5253
pay ob inspectors oe customs.
Mr. SCHENCKalso reported, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, a bill (H. R. No.
2375) to allow'the Secretary of the Treasury
to increase the pay of inspectors of customs;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to increase the compen-
sation of inspectors of customs in such ports
as he may think advisable and may designate,
by increasing the present compensation to a
sum not exceeding five dollars per day. The
increase thus authorized is not to extend be-
yond December 1, 1872, after which date the
act of Congress approved July 23, 1866, shall
be and continue in force.
Mr. SCHENCK. This is temporary legis-
lation which may or may not lead to a perma-
nent increase of the pay of this class of officers.
But the committee have been satisfied, from the
facts brought to their attention, that the inspect-
ors are not sufficiently paid at the present rate,
four dollars a day. This bill simply authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to make a further
allowance, which is not to make the compen-
sation more than five dollars a day.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not in-
tend to oppose this bill; nor do I think the
sum which it proposes to pay these officers is
any too great in view of their responsible
duties. But I do think the number of inspect-
ors of customs might be largely diminished if
more efficient men were chosen. I believe that
men better adapted to the position ought to be
selected. For suitable men, properly perform-
ing the responsible duties of the office, the
pay proposed is not too great.
Mr. SCHENCK. The want of efficient offi-
cers is felt to some extent in all Departments
of the Government; but still we ought not to
starve the incumbents.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield to my col-
league on the committee, the gentleman from
Massachusetts., [Mr. Hooper.]
drawback on cotton good3.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 358) to construe
the act of March 31, 1868; which was read a
first and second time.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the act of March 31, 1868, chapter forty-
one, shall be.held and construed not to pro-
hibit the drawback provided for by section six
of the act of July 13, 1866, chapter one hun-
dredand eighty-fottr, of as many cents per
pound of cotton cloth, yarn, thread, or knit
articles manufactured exclusively from cotton,
and exported prior to May 1, 1869, as shall
have been assessed and paid in the form of an
internal tax upon the raw cotton entering into
the manufacture of such cloth or other article.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, the object of this joint resolution is
simply to settle a misunderstanding among the
officers of the Treasury Department in regard to
the construction of the act of March 81,1868.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ordell of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to state that it
was my intention to move to go into the Com-
mittee of the? Whole upon the bill to organize
the internal revenue department, and the bill
regulating the collection of taxes. But my
colleague [Mr. Bingham] desires, Ibelieve, to
bring before the House a privileged question.
After that question has been disposed of, I
trust we shall proceed to the consideration of
the bills I have named.
black bob lands, kansas.
Mr. VANHORN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, submitted a written report on
joint resolution for the sale of the Black Bob
Indian lands, in Kansas, to actual settlers only;
which was ordered to be printed and recom-
mitted.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, submitted a
minority report on the same subject; which
was also ordered to be printed and recommitted.
postal telegraph lines.
Mr. PALMER. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the House re-
committed the bills from the select Committee
on Postal Telegraph Lines.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
was made, and laid on the table. The gen-
tleman, however, can report back from that
committee the bills which were recommitted
to it.
Mr. PALMER. Very well, sir; I withdraw
the motion to reconsider.
reconsideration.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to reconsider the
votes by which bills or joint resolutions were
referred or recommitted ; and I also move that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
baron creutz.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, with the recommendation that it do
pass, a bill (S. No. 831) for the relief of Baron
Creutz, of the Netherlands.
The bill was read. It is a direction to the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue to Edward
Alexander Ferdinand Baron Creutz, first lieu
tenant of artillery of the Netherlands, four new
registered six percent. United States bonds,
of $1,000 each, redeemable in 1882, of the
series and numbers hereinafter specified, so
soon as proof shall be exhibited to the satis-
faction of the Secretary of the loss or destruc-
tion of four bonds of the loan and value men-
tioned, numbered 107 and 108, series 4; 41843,
series 3; and 10943, series 4; and if Bar#u
Creutz shall give bond with sufficient security
to indemnify the United States against any
other cla.iin on account ol the bonds alleged
to be so lost or destroyed.
Mr. BANKS. That bill id unanimously re-
ported by the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and 1 hope there will be no objection to its
passage. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
american cu'.le company.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2376) in aid ot the
American Cable Company; which was read a
(first and second time, audreferred to the Com'
mittce on Foreign Affairs.
mrs. maruaret iiackett.
Mr. ARMSTRONG, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. 11. No. 2377) granting a
pension to Mrs. Margaret Hackett; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
dallrall vs. bailey.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now call up the case of
Patrick Woods.
The SPEAKER. The Chair gives notice that
it was the understanding of the House on Sat-
urday last that at three o'clock to-day the vote
should be taken on the motion to lay upon
thfe table the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the House declared that Mr. Darrall was
entitled to a seat in this House from the third
congressional district of Louisiana.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not suppose, that I
shall occupy up to that time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has given the
notice, so that members may not be taken
unawares.
patrick woods.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now ask that the Clerk
read the preamble and resolution reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary in the case of
Patrick Woods.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas Patrick Woods, on the 30th day of May
last past, at Richmond, did make a violent, unpro-
voked, and felonious assault upon Hon. Ohakles
II. Porter, then being a member of the House of
Representatives, on his way returning thereto from
a leave of absence, and did cut, bruise, and disablo
said Portkk, being then a member of the House,
from attending to his duties therein, woods well
knowing that Mr. PoRTEKwas then a member of
Congress and on his way to Washington, and making
such assault because of that knowledge; and whereas
said Woods being brought to the bar ot the House,
and being fully heard in his defense by counsel and
witnesses before the Committee on the Judiciary,
all the facts before recited fully appeared: There-
Mesolved, That Patrick Woods, now held at the
bar of the House to answer for a breach of the priv-
ileges of the House, for his offense be, and herebyis,
ordered to be punished by imprisonment in the jail
of the District of Columbia as other criminals are
for three months; and that a warrant in due form,
under the hand of the Speaker, be issued to the Ser-
geant-at-Arms directing the execution of this order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move as an amend-
ment the resolution reported by the minority
of the committee, which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Hesolved, That Patrick Woods, now at the bar of
this House, charged with an assault on Charles II.
Poktek, a member thereof, not appearing to havo
done said act for words spoken by the said Pobtek
in debate, or on account of his official character or
relation to Congress, be forthwith returned to the
hustings court of tho city of Richmond, Virginia,
there to be dealt with according to law.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the resolution reported by the minority of
the committee is an amendment in the nature
of a substitute. It will be the question first
taken if the previous question is seconded.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixoham] has
the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, it is not
my purpose to delay the House with any ex-
tended discussion of the questions raised by
the minority of the committee touching the
jurisdiction of the House m this case. It is
chiefly my purpose to ask the attention of the
House to that which is conceded by the minor-
ity, and which cannot be doubted for a moment
by any gentleman who has examined the rec-
ord of facts; and that is, that the assault com-
mitted by the accused upon Mr. Porter, a
member of this House, on the 30th day of May
last was an unprovoked, inexcusable assault,
for which no colorable excuse is offered by
him, and no colorable excuse can be offered,
by or for him.
There are some facts, Mr. Speaker, which
are not questioned by any one of the commit-
tee, and which cannot be questioned by any
member of the House who inspects the record.
One of the facts is—and it is material to con-
sider it, in passing upon this question—that
on the 30th day of May last, Charles H. Por-
ter was a member of this House, and was
absent by leave of the House, in the city of
Richmond, the place of his residence. It is
in evidence on his oath, and not contradicted
by any one, that on that day and at the time
of the unprovoked assault upon him he was on
his return to his duties in this House, and on
his way to the evening train about to leave
the city of Richmond for Washington. It is
also in evidence, and supported by the testi-
mony of two other witnesses, that at the time
