1478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
ft compact, bat in oar system, organic changes
do not in genius, process, or result, preserve
the features of treaties between contracting
parties. Mingling with reciprocal obligations,
are other and commanding elements, and the
resemblauce to ordinary negotiations and agree-
ments contended for, is hardly sufficient to puz-
zle investigation.
The Constitution is not a league between
States; it is not a compact between States; it
is not even a scheme of government subsisting
between States. It is a solemn wedlock of
American people That the States individ-
ually or in severalty, are not the parties to it,
has been declared by the Supreme Court,
affirmed by all departments of the Govern-
ment, and established in war and in peace.
" \Ve, the people of the United States," says
the preamble, u do ordain and establish this
Constitution." The States did not do it, the
American people did it, and so the Constitution
testifies. This fact is the fetter which rebellion
rose to break ; this is the silver cord which trea-
son came with bloody and with stealthy fingers
to unloose; this is the principle, made by the
builders the head of the corner, which con-
spirators assembled in Montgomery in March,
18C1, to demolish. The ruin3 of this princi-
ple, were to become the foundation of the con-
federate constitution. The preamble fabric-
ated at Montgomery profaned the old text with
the dogma now asserted by the Democracy of
New York. Here is the interpolation:
" We, the people of the confederate States, each
Stale acting in it* sovereign and independent character,
do ordain and establish this constitution."
There, appears the distinction; there is the
hinge on which the argument of a partner-
ship of States must turn. The genius of our
Constitution, must be perverted and destroyed
to make room for the argument that the Con-
stitution, or an amendment of the Constitu-
tion, is a mere compact, treaty, or bargain, be-
tween the several States. There is no room
for the argument, there was no room for it ex-
cept 011 the battle-field, aud there it has been
trampled out in blood.
The designation in the Constitution of States
as the bodies to which proposed amendments
are to be submitted is not merely for conven-
ience of expression, but for convenience of
mode in ascertaining the will of the people of
all the States, and so of the whole nation.
No instruction can be derived, no truth can
be elicited, by classifying the ratification of \
constitutional amendments with familiar pow-
ers, or with instances of their exertion. The :
process of changing the Constitution, is char- j
acteristic and distinctive. It is something ex- i
isting root, and branch, wholly in the Constitu- '
tion. It resides only within the limits of these !
words: |
" The Congress, whenevertwo thirds of both Houses !
(ball deem it necessary,shall propose amendments ■
to this Constitution, or, on the application of the
Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall
call a convention for proposing amendments, which,
in e|^her case, shatl be valid to all iutents and pur-
poses, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by
the Legislatures of three fourths oftheseveral States,
or by conventions in three fourths thereof, as the
one or the other mode of ratification may be pro-
posed by the Congress."
The ratification here authorized, is in form
the act of the States. There are two " modes
of ratification." Neither mode can be brought
into action except by the express authority of
Congress. The Legislatures may be authorized
to record the decisions of the people of the
States, or, ignoring the Legislatures altogether,
Congress may require the people of the States
to utter their voice through conventions. I n
either case the act is the act of the people of the
States themselves. Legislatures in the one
case, and conventions in the other, are only
special agents for a defined and limited pur-
pose. Whether the agency be intrusted to
Legislatures or to conventions, it is in all its
attributes the same.
Suppose, in submitting the fifteenth amend- j
meat, Congress had, in the phrase of the Con- i
stitution, "proposed" conventions as the
"mode" in which the people of the States
should pronounce their decisions, would the
right to retract have been asserted then ? It
'| could, of course, have been asserted then as
1 well as now; but the baldness of the assertion
would then have been more easily perceived.
The fallacy of the argument is brought into
bold relief when we apply it to conventions,
j| because the case is no longer beclouded by the
l! general powers and practices which pertain to
J! Legislatures. Suppose, at the election which
! brought out the immense po.ll of 1868, New
' York had chosen a convention to act upon the
fifteenth amendment, and the convention had
ratified the amendment and dissolved; could
it be argued that afterward, at will, another
convention could have been chosen and the
•; ratification annulled? Yet such a proceeding
would have had at least the merit of disclosing
its purpose, and informing the electors of the
importance of participating in the election;
whereas the choice oi a Legislature, being a
regularly recurring event, no man could know
that a purpose to retract a past ratification,
lurked among the partisan plots of an ordinary
political canvass.
The usual choice of a Legislature was matter
of course; but the amendment having passed
from the forum of consideration, the right to
choose a Legislature to act upon it, once exer-
cised, was exhausted, the same as if the ratifi-
cation had been by a convention. The power,
like a multitude of other powers, is spent by
being once exerted. This is true of elective
powers generally. The Constitution itself
abounds in examples of rights and functions
which cease with a single exercise. Among
these examples are the appointment of Sen-
ators by Legislatures of States; the election of
President of the United States by the House
of Representatives or by electoral colleges; the
pardoning power; the veto power.
If we weigh the words of the Constitution
as they were weighed by those who selected
and employed them, we shall find in the article
in question emphatic expression of the final
and conclusive nature of the function designed
to be iutrusted to the States in deciding upon
proposed amendments. What is the thing to
be done by the States? It is not to concur, or
assent, or approve, but to "ratify." Ratify,
as its derivation teaches us, means to make
fixed, to establish, to settle. The word in its
general sense was appropriate at several points
in the Constitution. It might have been ap-
plied to treaties, for example, but it was
employed only in regard to the establishment
of the Constitution itself, and of amendments
to the Constitution. Comparing the term with
any similar one employed, it is the highest in
its significance of finality, to be found in the
Constitution, or, indeed, in our language.
Neither of the provisions touching other pow-
ers admitted to be final and single in their
exercise, contain a phrase so ultra-conclusive.
Other terms were proposed before the word
ratify was selected, such as "agreement of
three quarters of the States," but the phrase
as we find it was preferred and reserved for
the place in which it stands. The Constitution
thus concludes:
" The ratification of the conventions of nine States
; shall be sufficient for the establishment of this Con-
stitution between the States so ratifying the same."
Here we have the word in the second instance
of its use, and as it last occurs, and we have also
something of contemporaneous construction.
An interval of months occurred before nine
States were induced to ratify; meanwhile, appre-
hension and distrust of the proposed union were
rife; in some of the States opposition and agi-
tation were deep and persistent after ratifica-
tion had occurred; but was it ever suggested
that a ratification could be revoked ? Can it
be doubted that had such a theory been deemed
tenable or even possible, it would have found
its way into the Federalist or into the political
discussions of that prolific epoch? This nega-
tive historic proof, becomes positive assurance
that those who made the Constitution under-
stood and meant that a State which had once
ratified it was functus officio in that regard, as
much as a 'jury which has rendered a verdict
is functus officio.
I The history of the fifteenth amendment ccm-
j fronts us with a query, which seems to bethought
I of commanding influence upon the piesein in-
i quiry. May a Legislature, as in Ohio, ratify
i after a preceding Legislature has refused to
ratify, a constitutional amendment ? This ques-
tion is asked as if it were an equivalent ques-
tion. It is propounded as if the same argument
which denies the right to retract a ratification,
must deny the right to ratify when ratification
has been once refused. Is not this clearly
unsound? The only act allowed by the Con-
stitution, is ratification. To do or not to do
this act, is the whole latitude. A refusal to
ratify, is only an omission to ratify. No matter
what the form may be, the sole alternatives are
ratification, or omitting to ratify. A Legislature
may in affirmative words denounce a proposed
amendment, as unwise, flagitious, unfit, but
the legal import of all this, no matter how oft
repeated, is only an omission to ratify. It can
be nothing more.
The question, then, is whether the people of
a State lose the right to ratify, by not availing
themselves of the right at once, or at first;
whether the fact that the people of a State at
first prefer to withhold their approval of a pro-
posed amendment, estops or precludes tliem
from still deliberating and acting as they please.
The distinction is palpable. The difference
would be absolute even if the subject were one
merely in the nature of a contract or treaty.
Was it ever heard that the fact that a nation
refused at one time to make a treaty, concluded
the right to make it afterward ? Yet when we
reverse the illustration it fails ; a Government
having once made a treaty, cannot at pleasure
annul it, though a Govern ment not having made
a treaty may at pleasure make it. One may
refuse to marry, and no matter how often he
refuses, still he may marry. But one who has
married, cannotat pleasure undo the act, though
he may change his mind. Marrying, and unmar-
rying, are different proceedings. So are ratify-
ing, and un-ratifying, constitutional amend-
ments. The House of Representatives when
called upon to make choice of a President of the
United States, may neglect or decline or refuse
to make choice, and after all may make it. But
having once made the choice, the same House
cannot unmake it; of course a subsequent
House cannot unmake it. So of the appoint-
ment by Legislatures of Senators; so of many
other instances, both grave and trivial.
The whole truth lies in the statement that the
Constitution does give the power to ratify, and
does not give the power to cancel a ratification.
This absence of power, is fatal to the attempt to
undo a ratification, whether the attemptbe made
before three fourths of the States have ratified
an amendment, or afterward. At all times,
such an attempt is usurpation, not because it is
unreasonable, not because it is inexpedient, not
because it is illogical, but because it is unauthor-
ized, because no warrant for it exists.
The whole process of adding to or taking
from the organic law of the nation, is, from
its inception, special and peculiar. The sub-
mission of amendments by Congress, is not
the exercise of legislative power; the determ-
ination of the fact that three quarters of the
States have ratified an amendment, cannot
be made by Congress in virtue of legisla-
tive power. On the contrary, the whole right
and authority in the case begins and ends with
the fifth article of the Constitution. The Su-
preme Court illustrated this position in Hol-
lingsworth vs. Virginia, 3 Dallas, page 378.
If the lax and capricious views now professed
by partisans are tenable, Congress, would have
therighttoretractitsaction also. The Congress,
being one of the actors, one of the contracting
parties in arranging changes of the Constitu-
