3366
THBuPONGRKSSIONiiL GLOBE.
May 11,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was takeu ; aud it was decided
in the negative—yeas 77, uays 01, not voting
60 ; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong,
wood, Axtell. Ayer, Barry, Boaman, Bennett, Bi
m 1\ ■ • r> . . 1 t   n \1 1).
Fitch, Gibson. Harris, Hoar. Hooper. Hotchkiss. Kel-
ley. Kellogg. Kelsey, Lash, Lynch, Maynard, McCar-
thy, MeKee, Milnea, Daniel J. Morrel l. Myere, Neg.
tcy.O'XeiU.Peek. Perco, Peters, Piatt. Poland, Pom*
eroy, Porter, Pressor, Sanford, Sawyer, SeheneK,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon. Sherrod. Shober,
* , « .i iit ,a. i"1 i? i*k lu , i i .a m
land, lane. tinman, rownsenn, irtiuuie, iwiLiieii,
Voorheos, Cailwalader C. Washburn, Welker, Whit-
muro, and Eugene M. Wilson—77. ^
NAYS—Messrs. Archer. Arncll, Asper. Beatty,
Book, Benjamin, Biigs. Bird. .Tames Brooks, Bumn-
ton. Burchard, Benjamin F. Butler, Sidney Clarke.
Cleveland. Auaasa Cobb.Conner, Cowlos. Cox. Crabs,
Davis. Dickiuson. Donley, Duval, Dyer. ila. Eld-
rulge, Farusworrh. Ferry, iinkelnburg, Garfle d.
ljet . Griswold, liaiffht, llaldsman. Hale. IlamMe-
ton, Haiuill. Hamilton, Haw ley. Hay. Heflin, Hill.
InJtersoll, Thomas L. Jones, Judd. knott, Lawrence,
l,pwi , Lou?hrid?e, Mayham. McCrnry, McGrcir,
MoNaely. Kiiakim H.Moore, Jess® H. Moore, Wil-
liam Mooie, Morpliis, AiorrissM', Urth, Packard,
Paine. Potter, RaudaU, Reeves, Rice. Rogors. Sar-
\ ,5ii i rum njvn, >  v,n«", •   u\/wv *   
JohnT. Wilson, Wiiuuu, Winchester, and Wood~i>l.
iSOT VOTING—Messrs.Adams, Ambler, Bailey,
Bunks, IUrnum. B<*ntoo  liotos,Boyd, linrdett, Burr*
Oe^ma. AViUiara X. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb,
Oobnrn. Cook. Cnllom. Dawes. Dixon. Doekery, Fox,
(lillillau, Hawkins. Hays, Ueaton, Uogw, Holman,
Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander II. Jones. Juhiw.
K>rr, Kefcham. Knapp. Laflin, Logan, MarshaH,
McCormick. McKemie, Mereur. Morgan. Samuel r.
Willard, Witeher. and Woodward—60.
.?o *hc bill was not ordered to a third rend-
ing. ;
During fb'e call of the roll,
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, said: I am author-
ized to say thai if my colleague, Mr. Cullom,
were here he would vote " 110."
Mr. A M BLEU. I am paired on this ques-
tion with the gentleman from Massachusetts,
Mr. Banks. It' heie he would vote "ay" j
and 1 would vote " no" on this question. 1
Mr. N1BLACK. On this vote, and upon [
all others upon this bill, 1 am paired with the
gentleman from Missouri, Mr. McCormick.
He is in favor of this bill, and I atn opposed
to it. I am also requested to announce that
my colleague, Mr. Holman, is paired generally
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr.
Mekccb, until the close of Monday next. On
this bill he would vote " no," while I under
stand Mr. Mercur would vote "ay."
Mr. BENTON. On this question I am
paired wiih the gentleman from Illinois, Mr.
Cclloji. It has been announced how he would
vote if he were here. I would vote in the
affirmative.
Mr. McNEELY. My colleague, Mr. Mar-
sHii-f,, is confined to bis room by sickness; if
here he would vote " no." .
Mr. BINGHAM- I changed my vote from
the affirmative to the negative for the purpose
of being able to move a reconsideration of this ;
vote. As the gentleman from New York, Mr. j
wiiefileii, has voted in. the negative for that
purpose, I will" let my name stand as first re- i
corded, in the affirmative. , I
The result of the vote .was announced as
above. .
Mr. OltTH. I move to reconsider'the vote'
By which the House refused to order this bill
to a third/reading; and 1 also move that the
motioti t«j-reconsider, be laid on the tabled ,
Mr. WHEELER, who rose at the same time,,
^aid: f Adve'to reconsider the vote last taken,
for the purpose of moving to commit the bill'
to the C'immit.tee on the Pacific Railroad.'
The SPEAKfctt. In accordance with par-
liamentary prafiii'ce tbe Chair fetls obliged to
recognize some gefmetHan who voted on the
prevailing wde.
' Mf. WHEELER. I voted with the prevail-
ing aide for tb© purpose of ranking the notion
I have indicated. |
Mr. ORTH. If the House will consent to j
refer this bill, with such amendments as maybe ]
offered, to the Committee on the Public Lauds,
with leave to report at any time, 1 will not :
°1£- FARNSWORTH. I hope ray friend
from Indiana [Mr. Orth] will modify liia
motion. So far as I am concerned I am will-
iug. this bill shall be referred to either of the
committees named. What I have desired all
the time is an opportunity for fair discussion
aud to move amendments.
The SPEAKER. The result of the vote
iust declared is to reject the bill.
Mr- ELDRIDGE. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Oimi.] He was not quite understood in his
last remarks ; at least I did not understand ,
hiin. We thought, from what he said in his
five minutes' speech, that he was bound to have
this till referred to some committee.
Mr. ORTH. I intend to make that motion.
The SPEAKER. If the motion of the gen-
tlemau from Indiana, [Mr. Orth,] as he first
sub milted it, should lie agreed to, it would
reject the bill finally.
Mr. ORTH. I have no such desire. I will
then ask unauimous consent that the vote just
taken be reconsidered, aud theu I will move
to refer this bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to make an iu-
quiry. If the vote just taken be reconsidered
will not the next question be upon the third
reading of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It will be; but the pre
vious question will not operate, having ex*
haustea itself iu. the vote just taken. The
motion to .reconsider opens discussion on the
bill in its widest range, aad should the motion
to reconsider prevail the recurring^fluestion
will be, "Shall the bill be read thethira time?"
But the bill will be divested of tne previous
question, and will be open, to amendment. ..
Mr. SCUENCK. If the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Orth} will permit me, I would
propose that, by unanimous consent, the vote.
| just taken be regarded as reconsidered, atnl,
! that the bill be referred, with all amendments,
! that gentlemen may offer. to the Committee on.
1 the Pacific Itailroad, and that the amendments
be all'priuted.
Mr. ORTH. That is what I propose.
Mr. SCHENCK. Why not let it be done by
unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. Is (here objection to the
proposition ? ,
Mr.SCHENCK. I omitted apart of the prop-
osition, which is that the committee have leave
to report at anytime. Unless the committee
1 be empowered to,do this the reference of the
bill might be equivalent to killing it indirectly.
| The SPEAKER. The Chair w.ill state the
proposition as he understands it to be accepted
by the gentleman from Indiana. It is that the
vote just taken be regarded as reconsidered,
; and that the bill, together with all amendments.
• which may be offered, be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific .Railroad,"and that the
i' committee have leave to report, at any time,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let it'
!: be referred to the Committee on the. Public,
(: Lands.
;! Mr. VAN TRUMP. Unless my colleague
| [Mr. Schenck.] will consent to the, original
j proposition of the gentleman from Indiana,
' [Mr. Orth,] that t'he bill be referred to. the
i Committee on the Public Lands I shall-have to
| object. . .. ,
'j . Mr. BINGHAM,' , lb eg leave, to say that.,
that was not the onginaT proposition., - ,
Mr. VAN TRUMP. It was ;thie original
proposition of the.gentleman fr in Indiana.,-
Mr. BINGHAM. It was not his, original
proposition as stated in the speech, which he
made before the vote was taken.
Mr, RANDALL. The gentleman from In-,
diatia 4)d BQt specify either committeek ■ „ ,.
Mr, ORTH. I make now the motion simply
to reconsider the vote just taken.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred on ordering the
bill to be read the third time.
Mr. OltTH obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. COBURN. I ask unanimous consent
to have my vote recorded on the question just
taken by yeas and nays. I came into the House
at the moment the roll-call concluded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot ask
unanimous consent for that purpose. A sus-
pension of the rules is necessary to enable the
gentleman to record his vote.
Mr. COBURN. I wish to say, then, that I
would have voted " no."
Mr. ORTH. I now yield to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to call the
attention of the House and of the committee
to which this bill may be referred to one or two
points in connection with the bill. 1 think,
considering the time we have spent, in voting
on the bill, a few minutes occupied in discus
sion will do no harm.
Mr. WHEELER. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a suggestion ? I wish to suggest
that, if the House is willing, gentlemen now
propose their amendments aud the House make
a final disposition of the matter. I am quite
willing that the opponents of the bill or those
who favor amendments shall offer them now,
and the House at once make a final disposi-
tion of them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think the sense
of the House is rather in favor of the refer'
1 ence of tbe bill. 1 wish to say that, as a mem-
ber of this House, I voted for the passage of
tbe original bill granting lands to aid in the-
1 construction of the Northern Pacific railroad.-
I am in favor of Buch a road, and I do not
wish to retract the vote which 1 then gave.
Four years ago, when this company came here
and proposed to give the Government a lien
upou one half the lands which we had granted
; them; provided the Government would indorse
their bonds to enable them to build the road,
I opposed that proposition, regarding it as
\ impudent, in the extreme. ■
They coma here now and ask for an addi-
tional, an indefinite grant of lands. It is as
indefiaite-as the lateral road this joint resolu-
tion authorizes ; they can make the road longer
or.shorter, as they please. They may bulla a
parallel road the whole distance. They ask
that we shall give them authority to mortgage
i this immense grant of landsi large enough for
i an empire; to -make an absolute mortgage
to money-lenders of this land, and allow it to
be sold out before the road is built. When they
ask this they ask too much for -my stomach.
Why, sir, four years  go when they came here
with, the other proposition, their own estimate
of the value of the grant waa< $64,000 per mile.
Mr, CESSNA, i am-constrained to rise to
a-point of order. My point is there is no mo-
tion pending. . The gentleman from Indiana
was recognized, bat mada no motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
: point of order. By the reconsideration the
question recurs off the third reading of the joint
resolution, which opeiis the widest discussion.
,i Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
i had not raised his-point of order I should have
i! been- through. I rose only to call the atten-
j! tion of the House to these--facta. When the
joint resolution is again presented I may dis-
!' cuss the matter further.
'I Mr. ORTH. I now yield to the gentletnan
I from Ohio to offer an amendment.
! .Mr. WELKER. I move to add'to/the first
; section the following: •'
' Provided further, -That as to all new grafts herein
i of adlitiolraliands; saoh lands a hart be sola by a«ia
company to actual settlers ata prieo not excaaU'nH
il $250per acrc, and in quantities not q^oeedm? o?*
! hundred and sixty acrcs to any one person,
;! Mr,'ORTH. I now yield ,to the.geptfepiiW
!t froip Illinois, ,
