2422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
until the 28th of April, 1870. They have not
built any road yet. Now it is a question
whether this company ought to have a grant
of land from generation to generation unless
they build some railroad.
Mr. BICE. It is not a question with any j
people but the people of the State of Arkansas.
The land goes to the State for the building of
that road, and the company is reorganized now
with a view of building the road. We do not
ask it for the old company.
Mr. POMEROY. Is there a new company?
Mr. RICE. Certainly; the old company has
been transferred to the new company that has
possession of the franchise.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not know anything
about the facts, because the matter has not
been before my committee, but before the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. RICE. And unanimously reported.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know anything
about the facts; but it ought not to have been
before the Committee on the Pacific Railroad
at all. It has nothing to do with the Pacific
railroad.
Mr. RICE. It is a connection of the South-
ern Pacific.
Mr. POMEROY. We have extended the
grant by our committee, and now it has run
out. There is a bill granting lands over the
same route to some other company before our
committee. It has not been reported; it is
pending; but whether this is the best company
I have not investigated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
this is in the nature of an objection, as it has
given rise to debate, and the Georgia bill is
before the Senate.
Mr. POMEUOY. I do not want to object
to it, as I do not know anything about it. I
wish to understand it.
Mr. RICE. The time runs out on the 28th
of April. It is a road that is entirely within
the State of Arkansas. It only asks an exten-
sion of time to another day within this year.
We are not asking for any great length of time
to'complete the first twenty miles. It is im-
portant only to the State of Arkansas; not
important to any particular company, but it is
important to that State alone. The grant by
the original law goes to the State of Arkansas
to build the road. It is important that she
retain it, and that the time be extended till
December, so that the road can bo built.
There is a contract already made.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Has any work been done
on the road?
Mr. RICE. No, sir; but I can explain that.
The company made an arrangement with an
English company, but that English company
would neither build nor release their contract,
and it has only been within the last month that
they have released that contract so that the
road could be let to anybody that would build
it. It has been contracted for, and we have
perfect confidence that it will be built.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion at this time?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It seems to
me it is a measure that ought, to be examined
by the Committee on Public Lands. I suggest
to my friend from Arkansas to let the Land
Committee examine it. If it is right there
will be no objection to it.
Mr. RAMSEY. It does not belong to the
Land Committee, but to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not see
how the Pacific railroad has much to do with
it, as it is confined to one State.
Mr. RICE. It connects directly with the
Southern Pacific road.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
refer the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not yet
before the Senate. The Senator from Arkan-
sas had consent granted during the morning
hour to take up the bill, but it is now inter-
rupted by the Georgia bill.
Mr. POMEROY. It can be called up to-
morrow.
Mr. RICE. There is not much time left.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it go over until
to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made, and the joint resolution is not before
the Senate.
AMENDMENT TO DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. THAYER submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 131G) making appropriations to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1870, and for other purposes;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations.
UNROLLED BILL SIGNED,
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
which were thereupon signed by the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (S. No. 302) giving the consent of the
United States to the erection of a bridge across
the Delaware river between Philadelphia and
Camden ;
A bill (S. No. 420) to authorize the account-
ing officers of the Treasury to adjust the accounts
of Ezra Carter,'jr., late collector of customs at
Portland, Maine;
A bill (S. No. 421) for the relief of Ii. P.
Parrott;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 135) to return
to the executor of Thomas Jeficrsou certain
private papers;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 167) relating
to officers of the Soldiers' Home; and
A bill (S. No. 745) authorizing the corpora-
tion of the city of Washington to set apart por-
tions of streets and avenues as parks for trees
and walks.
THOMAS MEMORIAL SERVICES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Inquiries having
been put to the Chair by several Senators as
to the effect of the cards issued by the commit-
tee of officers who served with Major General
Thomas, and who have charge of the exercises
in the Hall of the House of Representatives
this evening in conformity with the vote of the
two Houses yesterday, the Chair has notified the
committee, and they have responded through
their secretary with the programme which the
Secretary of the Senate will report for the
information of the Senate. The question was
asked whether these beards would admit the
families of Senators. The answer is in the
programme of the committee, which the Secre-
tary will read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
The committee having in charge the memorial
services in honor of the lato Major General Ueorgo
II. Thomas, which are to take place in tlie Hall of
tho Houso of Representative* this evening, desire to
give notice that no ono will be admitted to tho Hall
of the House of Representatives without a ticket of
admission.
Tickets will be issued to the President and his Cab-
inet, the judges of the Supremo Court, Senators, and
members of the House of Representatives, and offi-
cers who served with General Thomas during the late
war.
The diplomatic gallery will be reserved exclusively
for the diplomatic corps.
The ladies' gallery will bo reserved for tho families
of those holding tickets of admission to tho floor of
the House.
The northeastern and northwestern portions of tho
.north gallery will be reserved for ladies and gentle-
men accompanying them.
HENRY STONE, Secretary.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOIISK.
A message from tho House of- Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson. its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 386) to amend an act
entitled " An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved March 2, 1867; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1486) amendatory of an
act establishing the Office of Education, dis-
continuing the Freedmen's Bureau, and for
other purposes.
STATE Off GEORGIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. K.
No. 1335) to admit the State of Georgia to
representation in the Congress of the United
Stales, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Wilson, which was in lieu
of tho proviso proposed to be stricken out to
insert the following:
Pmoided, That in consequence of the failure of
tho Goneral Assembly of Georgia to perfect a lesal
organization for a period ot over eightoen months,
it bo. and hereby is, declared that tho term of ser-
vico of the said General Assembly shall date from
tho 26th of January, 1870, and shall continue until
the persons, to bo chosen oil the Tuesday after tho
first Monday of Novomber, 1872, as members of tho
General Assemblv of said State, are qualified: Pro-
vided, That the last clause of the second subdivision
of tho lirst section of tho third article of the consti-
tution of Georgia, in tho following words: ' The
General Assembly may by law change the time ot
eleotion, and tho mombeis shall hold until their suc-
cessors are elected and qualified," shall never he by
any Legislature exorcised so as to extend the term
of any office beyond tho regular period named in the
said constitution; and tho said General Assembly
shall by joint resolution consent to this fundamental
condition hofore this act shall take effect.
Mr. SUMNER. Whatever its result, this
debale will lie ever memorable. For^the first
time the African lias pleaded in this Chamber.
But the curious observer cannot fail to note
that lie was obliged to plead still for his long-
oppressed race. Tho Senator from Mississippi
sits among ns, and speaks; but the battle is not
yet won. Slavery still asserts her ancient pre-
dominance, finding strange voices. No longer
is the claim made directly. Nothing is said of
Slavery, but the old cause is defended under
an alias. It is now State Rights which are
invoked, or it may bo alleged irregularities, as
if State Rights or any irregularities could pre-
vail against the sovereign duty of Congress to
see that Georgia is so organized that good peo-
ple shall be protected in their rights. To this
end all else must be tributary, while every pre-
text of Stale Rights and every allegation of
irregularity is of less consequence than the
breath with which they are urged.
It is sad that tho Senator from Mississippi
should be doomed to encounter this spirit. As
ho entered the Chamber the evil genius should
have departed ; but it is not so. And strange
to say, tho voices by which it has spoken have
been the voices of friends. But so it has beoti
always. How often in other days have the
opponents of Slavery been saddened by en-
countering the voices of friends. The argu-
ment of technicality is always at hand, as the
well-seasoned weapon of the lawyer, and this
debate is no exception.
I had hoped that this question would be
decided without debate, at least on our side-
in short that all would appreciate the exigency
and unite harmoniously in appiyingthe remedy.
I am disappointed. But I shall say very little.
Peeling as strongly as I do, and seeing the way
as clearly as I do, I cannot be entirely silent.
The case is very simple. From unquestion-
able evidence, it appears that Georgia, while
still in transition from the old to the new, while
still in process of reconstruction and before the
work is completed, has lapsed into a condition
of insecurity and uncertainty, so that, without
the intervention of Congress, the people cannot
be assured in the enjoyment of their rights.
This is the broad statement, which is con-
firmed by the present as well as the past. By an
unparalleled audacity colored citizens were ex-
pelled from the Legislature simply on account
of color, while the orgies of the Kuklux Klaa
prevailed throughout the State. And now this
same KukluxKian continues its terrors, while
former rebels threaten to regain their perni-
cious power. The State is in peril. I do not
use too strong language. All evidence ia at
