5254:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
when tie was proceeding by way of his own
house to the depot, for the purpose of return-
ing to Washington city, and to the discharge
of his duties, he was assaulted in the streets of
Richmond by the accused, who named him by
his name, Mr. Pouter, showing that he knew
right well whom he was addressing. There is
110 evidence, I undertake to say, on the record
to show that the accused was ignorant of the
fact that this was the name of the member
representing the city of Richmond in the Forty-
First Congress. To be sure, it ia attempted to
be set up here that it must be proved affirm-
atively that the accused knew Mr. Pokter to
be a member of the House. I undertake to
say, Mr. Speaker, that no authority whatever
can be found for the position thus assumed. I
refer to what is written in the Manual, and
which has been accepted without challenge
from the organization of the Government to
this day as the rule governing in matters of this
sort. It is hardly necessary to rely on this rule
in the light of the evidence in this ease ; but if
it were necessary it would justify the House and
require the House, under the circumstances,
until this party explains his conduct, to hold
him to answer for the breach of its privileges.
I refer, therefore, in passing, to the rule in the
Manual, on page 57, as follows:
" livery man must, at bis peril, tako notice who are
the members of cither House returned of record."
(Parliamentary law, pages 23 and 21; 4 Institutes,
pago 24.)
I do not propose, Mr. Speaker, to argue the
f reposition. It is a self-evident proposition,
venture to say that in no court of justice,
where justice has been intelligently adminis-
tered by upright judges, has it ever been held,
when the question was the abuse of an officer
in the discharge of his duty, that the prosecutor
must show that the accused was not ignorant
of the official position of the party assaulted.
Other questions may arise where there is prov-
ocation ; but where there is none, upon this
point! think there should be no dispute. There
is no sense in asking that this rule be reversed.
Mr. Speaker, X have already remarked, and
I do not intend to say anything further on that,
subject, that it ia admitted by the minority in
their report that this assault, was unprovoked
and inexcusable. Allow mc to say furl her,
that it was a felonious assault., for which, as
appears ot' record hero before this House, thu
accused is bound under recognizance !o appear
and answer in the court at Richmond. A felo-
nious assault, with intent, to kill is the offense
recited in the recognizance.
Mr. 1£ LI) RIDGE. Not at all.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir; this is a part
of the record, as printed and now before the
House.
Mr. ELDRIDGli. There was no such proof
before the committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Klihudgk] ought to know that the
accused himself introduced it and placed it
on the record. The gentleman may not have
called it "proof" when the accused introduced
it,; but it was introduced by the accused, and
of ooui\->e it is not improper fur me to take
notice ot it as a fact admitted.
The recognizance is set, out at length by the
accused ami reported by the committee to this
House without objection, and it recites as
follows:
City of IIichjiom), to wit:
JJe it remembered, that on this 30fh d-iy of May, in
the jcur 1870, Patiick Woods and Charles W. Allen
peisupallyuppearod betorenio, it. K. Ellyson, mayor
of said city, and f-ovcral\y and respectively acknow fl-
edged themselves to bo indebied to the Oo-mnon-
wealth of Virginia in the manner and foi m following,
th:.t : to pay: thu said Patrick Woods ill the sum ot
vOOii. aod the said Charles W. Allen io the .- u>.n of 1
to be lesp-'etivciy made and levied of tlieir I
.-■eveiai goods and chattels, lands, and tenements, to I
o.p ofjheCMnmomvcalth et Vii^ini i, if ( he said I
P iriiek WoofU make default in il-e perfnruiaace of I
the ur.derw; 'ken condition.
Tee c'oiditKoiof >ne above rm>^ur//inee is such
if the above bound Patrick W.iod j do and shall
pel -onal!> appear on tlieCrhdaj of June, 1870. before
the hustin-- con; t of tile s..uicity, (tujlden in tlie thtv j
If ,11 of raid cry,) and then and l.ic.'e eih.wer a bill i
of innictBi-.'n!, io be oretorred to rhe grand jury in 1
and for the said city against him, the said Patrice
Woods, for a misdemeanor by him committed in said
city, for unlawfully and feloniously assaulting,heat-
ing, and wounding Chaki.es H. Porter with intent
to maim, disfigure, disable, and kill the said Charles
H. Poster, whereof the said Patrick Woods stands,
charged, and shall not thence depart without the
leave of said court, then the above recognizance shall
bo void and of no effect, otherwise to remain in full
force and virtue.
Taken and acknowledged before me, the day and
year first above written.
H. K. ELLYSON, Mayor.
Mr. Speaker, we have the testimony of Col-
onel Humphreys on page 12, and of James J.
Ellis oil page 23 of the record, who state,
under oath, that the accused not only made a
violent assault upou the member from Rich-
mond, but followed it up by drawing from his
pocket a pistol and swearing that he would kill
him or shoot him. That testimony is not con-
tradicted by any one.
I read from the testimony of Colonel Hum-
phreys, on page 12:
411 was standing about the second door from the
corner of Eighth street, on Broad street, with Mr.
Porter, having been met by Colonel Bowling, assist-
ant United States marshal. A gentleman named
Tompkins approached, and was conversing with Mr.
Porter in regard to establishing a post office near
Bermuda Hundreds., It seemed that he owned some
property in that neighboihood and wanted a post
office there. While talking a man approached, ex-
tending his hand to Mr. Porter, and said, 'How
are you. Mr. Porter ?' Mr. Porter took his hand,
stating to him that he did not idontify him, or some-
thing to that offset. The man remarked that his
name was Patrick Woods. .Mr. Porter said, 'I am
very crlad to sco you : bat i know a Patrick Woods
who is of a different build from yourself, being thin-
ner and taller.' X remarked then that 1 understood
there were scvoral of that name in the city, and that
1 supposed tic was one of the others. Ho then asked
Mr. Porter to go and take a drink. ' Come, let us
take a drink,' was, 1 think, the language he used.
Mr. Porter thanked him, but said that his time
was pressing; that ho had to go to Washington
that evening, and was on his way home, and had
to get from there to tho cars, and had barely time
to do so. It was near seven o'clock at that time.
Nothing more that I recollect passed between them,
except that Woods repeated his invitation, after
Mr. Porter had finished conversation with Mr.
Tompkins, to go and take a drink, and Mr. Porter
again declined in the manner I have mentioned. He
spoke in a friendty spirit, apparently as if hedesired
to treat Woods as a, person de-siring to cultivate a
friendly feeling. Wo passed on up the street for, I
suppose, a,bout four or five doors on the same square.
1 observed that Mr. Woods was walking on tho inside
of tho pavement, Mr. Porter next to him, and I on
the outside. Woods seemed to be walking along as
a friend; that was the impression madeonmymind—
as if lie desired to enter into some friendly con-
versation; about what, of course, I could not tell.
We bad got about four or five doors up the street,
Mr. Pouter and myself conversing at the time on
this post offioe matter, when all of a sudden, without
anjr warning, I saw a crushing blow given to Mr.
Porter in the face, followedupby two others as quick
as thought. The third blow I madesome demonstra-
tion toward catching, and I think I caught Woods's
arm, as I recollect. With that Woods caught Mr.
Pouter by the coat, raising his foot as if he designed
to kick him in tho abdomen, at which Mr. Porter
seemed to recover himself. ITe would have fallen,
I judge, had it not been for that grasping of his coat
by Woods, apparently for the purpose of kicking
him. With that he seemed to rccover himself, and
wrenched himself from Woods and staggered out
into the gutter. As he did that Woods made an
attack upon me, and I avoided him. lie made some
half dozen blows at me. The whole thing occupied
but a few scconds. Woods then jumped on the curb-
stone, throw his coat around, urow a pistol, and pre-
sented it at Mr. Porter, saying, 41 will kill the God
damned rascal.'"
The testimony of James J. IS Ills, on page
2^, is t,o the same effect.
Mr. Pouter himself being sworn, says that
neither at that time nor at any time did lie give
any provocation by word or act to this man.
It is further in evidence that the accused was
at the time and had been for some time before
one of the detective police of the city of Rich-
mond. Here is evidence before the House, un-
challenged and uncontradicted,that Mr.PonTjsit
told this man he was on his way that evening
to Washington, and that this man, being a
member of the detective police, without any
provocation then or at any other time, made an
assault, upon him. And yet we are told in this
minority report that we must show that this
assault was made by reason of words spoken
in debate, or with the intent of interfering with
Mr. PoirtEU in the discharge of his official
duties. Mr. Speaker, it is too late in this
country to raise the question that the privileges
of this House only extend to the protection of
its members for words spoken in debate. It
is of the privileges of the House that its mem-
bers, except for crime committed by them,
shall not be hindered or detained by force from
returning to the House and attending to then-
official duties.
The mistake into which the minority of the
committee have fallen, with all respect to them,
is, I submit, in supposing that it is the privilege
of the individual member that is in question.
It is the privilege, sir, of the House and of the
people here represented that is involved. It
is the privilege of the whole people of the
United States to be unmolested in the persons
of their Representatives during the entire ses-
sion of Congress, so that laws may be enacted
by themselves and for themselves through their
Representatives, without let or hinderance from
any man in Virginia or out of Virginia. When
by violence and without provocation that priv-
ilege is invaded it is the right and duty of this
House to arrest and imprison the offender.
That is the law which has been settled for fifty
years by the Supreme Court of the United
States, and so ruled by that court in the case
of Dunn vs. Anderson, in 6 Wheaton. From
that day to this the ruling in that case has not
been challenged by any accepted authority in
America.
The question has been raised sit times whether
the jurisdiction so to arrest violators of the
privileges of the House extends beyond the
walls of the Capitol, or at most beyond the
District of Columbia. That question was con-
sidered by the court, and their solemn decision
was that the jurisdiction of the House for
breach of its privileges was coextensive with
the limits and jurisdiction of the Republic,
because it involves the highest privilege of a
free people, the privilege of being permitted,
through their Representatives, to enact their
own laws without molestation or violence from
any quarter. It is also at times asserted that
whatever violence without justifiable cause or
excuse may be inflicted on a member or mem-,
bers of the House, during its session, but not
in its presence, unless with intent to detain the
member from his seat, the person so offending
is not subject to the jurisdiction of this House.
I will read the words of the minority report,
Mr. Speaker, for I presume the minorityof
the committee have put this supposed limita-
tion of jurisdiction as strongly as it can be put
by any one. It is said by the minority in this
case, that—
44 It is equally certain that there is no intimation
anywhere in the evidence that Woods intended by
this assault to detain Mr. PoRTERfrom the perform-
ance of his official duties."
Mr. Speaker, it is a maxim of the law, known,
I presume, to all gentlemen in this House, that
every man is supposed to intend the natural
consequences of his own act. When the ac-
cused delivered a murderous blow upon the
member of this House, after being advised that
the member was on his way to this Capitol, a
blow that detained him for the time being and
made him insensible, the accused must be held
to have intended those results. The law is
that he'intended the consequences of his blow,
and that when he drew his revolver and swore
he would kill him, upon doing it the law holds
that the aecuscd intended what he declared
was his purpose and what he attempted.
Mr. Speaker, it is useless to deny that the
member, by reason of this assault, was detained
for more than twenty-four hours from his du-
ties here. The evidence is that on the second
day Mr. Porter might have returned, but not
without great discomfort and inconvenience to
himself. But I hold that to detain even for
an hour or less byan unprovoked assault upon
hitn, a Representative of the people, is an in-
vasion of the privileges of the people for which
the offender must be held to answer at the bar
of the House.
I may be pardoned in passing for noticing in
this connection another suggestion contained
in the report of the minority of the committee*
