1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
465
■A 1st Cong....2d Sess.
Independence of Cuba—Minority Report.
Ho. of Reps.
tion, as it is but repeating what was supposed
to be the effect of the act of April 20, 1818, by
a large proportion of the American people;
and the necessity for this legislation arises from
the construction given to that act by the Attor-
ney General in the matter of the release of the
Spanish gun-boats.
The undersigned confess their inability to
arrive at the same conclusions attained by a
majority of the committee as to the condition
of the insurrection in Cuba. We have seen no
evidence that there is a Cuban revolutionary
government in existence, and exercising per-
manent control over any poi-tion of the island,
and we are constrained to believe that the con-
stitution, political divisions, and control of the
island are mainly on paper. The manner of
the promulgation of the constitution, the long-
continued doubts as to its provisions, the ab-
sence of elections, and the uncertainty which
hangs over everything connected with the insur-
rection, seem to the undersigned not at all com-
patible with an actual, existing, and established
Government entitled to any sort of recognition.
In our opinion, the revolutionary government
of Cuba has no existence outside of the camps
of the "patriot bands."
It is not pretended that the insurgents con-
trol any considerable town or city; indeed, the
majority concede they do not. The only towns
claimed as within their control are Sibamca,
a mere hamlet, and Guaimaro, an interior
village of about five hundred inhabitants, and
so far as we are advised both of these have
been destroyed. (See Doc., pages 158, 159.)
It. is submitted that a revolution that has not
yet acquired a single town as its capital, has
not command of a single sea-port, and has not
a vessel afloat, is hardly in condition to claim
that it is a "Government1' entitled to a formal
declaration of neutrality, which in effect is a
recognition that it is entitled to belligerent
rights. This brings us to a consideration of
the probable result of passing the resolutions
icported by the majority of the committee.
A declaration of neutrality is a concession
of belligerent rights. It recognizes a condition
of war as existing, and entitles both parties, so
far as the neutral nation is concerncd, to bel-
ligerent rights. Such a declaration would en-
large the rights of Spain as against this coun-
try. Spain would, after such a recognition, be
entitled to all the rights granted in the treaty
of 1795—rights which she has already claimed,
but abandoned after remonstrance by our Gov-
ernment. (Message, 18G9, page8.) This treaty,
among other things, concedes the rightof search
as therein specified and limited; and no form
of manifest or certificate having been agreed
on, it would give the right to search for contra-
band of war, under the law of nations, every
American vessel found in Cuban waters or on
the high seas; and the carrying of such goods
would then become unlawful. That this would
be an advantage to Spain, and a constant source
of embarrassment to our large commerce in the
West Indies, is manifest. The corresponding
advantage to us, or even to the Cuban insur-
gents, is not so clear, while ihe probability that
the exercise of this right would lead to compli-
cations, difficulties, and perhaps war, would
seem too certain, in the light of the history of
this country and the known character of Spain,
to need argument. It is not wise to take such
action as will lead to these complications un-
less some duty on the part of this Government
requires such action.
We do not deem it necessary to raise any
question as to the right of this Government to
make a general declaration of neutrality. The
American docrine on the subject is thus stated
by Mr. Adams:
"Whenever an insttrrecrion against an established
Government of a country takes place the duty of
Governments, under obligations to maintain peace
and friendship with it, appeals to be, n,t first, to ab-
41st Cong-. 2d Sess.—No. 30.
stain carefully from any step that may have the
smallest influence in affecting theresult. 'Whenever
facts occur of which it is necessary to take notice,
either because they involve the necessity of protect-
ing personal interests at home, or avoiding an impli-
cation in the struggle, then it appears to bo j ust and
right to provide for the emergency by specific meas-
ures, precisely to the extent that may be required,
but no further. It is, then, facts alone, and not ap-
pearances or presumptions, that justify action. But
even theso aro not to be dealt with further than the
occasion demands; a rigid neutrality in whatever
may be done is, of course, understood. If, after the
lapse of a reasonable period, there be little prospect
of a termination of the struggle, especially if this be
carried on upon the ocean, a recognition of the par-
ties as belligerents appears to be justifiable; and at
that time, so far as I can ascertain, such a step has
never, in fact, been objected to." (Mr. Adams's cor-
respondence with Earl llussell, quoted in Dana's
Wheaton, page 37, note.)
Mr. Dana, in his edition of Wheaton's Inter-
national Law, (page 35, note,) says:
" In a contest wholly upon land, a contiguous State
may be obliged to make a decision, whether or not
to regard it as war; hutin practice this has not been
done by a general and prospective declaration, but
by actual treatment of cases as they arise."
And on the preceding page Mr. Dana says:
"Theoccasion for the accordance of belligerent
rights arises when a civilconflict exists within a for-
eignState. The reason which requires and can alone
j ustify this step by the Government of another coun-
try, is that its own rights and interests are so far
affected as to require a definition of its own relation
to the parties."
It will be observed that all writers leave the
question so far an undetermined one, that the
point of time when a nation may make a dec-
laration of neutrality must, after all, be decided
by each nation for itself.
Generally, it is the duty of any nation to
remain strictly neutral, to do nothing which
may in the least degree affect the result.
, This has been clone by this Government so
far as the law permitted, the only instance in
which the Governmentwas not impartial being
in relation to the gun-boats; and its course in
respect to the gunboats was controlled by the
fact that under the law, as interpreted by the
Attorney General, it had no right to detain
them, unless it was prepared to recognize a
state of war as existing in Cuba, and this it
was not satisfied it ought to do. This defect
of the law will be entirely remedied by the pas-
sage of the bill recommended by the minority.
In other respects it is submitted that the entire
conduct of this Government has been neutral
and fair.
But the right to declare neutrality is one
thing; the duty quite another. The right may
exist long before there is any duty at all.
When it becomes our duty to -recognize a
state of war as existing, and declare our neu-
trality, we trust there will be no hesitation,
either in this or any other case. We ought, to
discharge our duties "though the heavens
fall." But when the question is one of right
merely we may rightfully and we ought to con-
sider the consequences. Now, surely the only
demand that the Cubans can rightfully make
upon us is that we shall establish a neutrality
in fact; and this is done as effectually by the
action we propose as by the resolution pro-
posed by the majority. The difference is that
the majority propose a declaration of neutral-
ity in this struggle; we propose a declaration
that will be sufficient for this and all struggles
of like character. The majority resolutions
seem to assume a condition of things in Cuba
that requires us to declare our neutrality as to
that struggle. We propose to crystallize into a
statute the American doctrine that in all strug-
gles of American colonies against European
domination this Government will not stop to
inquire as to the extent or power of the revo-
lutionary party, but the fact of an insurrection
against the European Power shall of itself enti-
tle that insurrection to consideration, so that
it shall be unlawful for an American to assist
in its suppression. It is a declaration that we
will not, even as a commercial transaction, sell
ships or vessels of war to aid in suppressing
revolts among American colonists, but will,
from the beginning of such struggle, do nothing
for the European Government that it is not
lawful to do for the insurrectionary party. We
cannot resist the conclusion that this course is
in every regard the best for this country, and
as favorable to the Cubans as the resolution
proposed by the majority, while it prevents
complications that would be likely to arise
under the treaty of 1795 and the law of nations
by the adoption of the majority resolutions,
and at the same time settles the future policy
of the Government.
We have purposely avoided a reference to
the reported outrages on American citizens in
Cuba, because these matters are, as we con-
ceive, in nowise involved in the discussion of
the present question. It is an unfortunate fact
that such outrages have occurred, although it
is questionable to what extent the Spanish
Government in Cuba is responsible for them,
as there exists in the island a third power,
neither Spanish nor Cuban, which dominates
the Government and controls the military forces
of the island apparently against the will of the
constituted authorities. This condition of things
and these outrages upon American citizens
seem to call for such action on the part of our
Government as will prevent such outrages in
the future; but the undersigned are not able
to see that a declaration of neutrality would
have any such effect, or, indeed, tend in any
such direction. _ Indeed, we are persuaded that
the conduct of American citizens resident in
this country and interested pecuniarily in the
success of the attempted revolution has had
much to do with producing the feelings of
exasperation which have resulted in these out-
rages ; and we cannot but condemn the conduct
of those persons who, without the courage to
assist in the actual struggle, have made war at
the safe distance of New York or Washington,
and sought to involve this Government in Cuban
affairs for the advancement of their own selfish
ends—ends that we are persuaded refer not to
Cuban independence as an object so much as
to the enlargement of their own private for-
tunes. If these persons have the passionate
desire for Cuban independence which they
pretend to have their presence on Cuban soil,
with arms in their hands, aiding Cespedes, would
be more courageous as well as more seemly
than their present course, engaged, as they
seem to be, in inventing reports, violating
the laws of the United States, and resorting
to other practices of a hardly less questionable
character, to induce our Government to espouse
the cause of a rebellion in which they do not
seem disposed to risk much themselves.
Under the circumstances we deem it the duty
of the United States to preserve an impartial
neutrality between the parties to this struggle
in Cuba, as in every other struggle against
European supremacy on any portion of this
continent; and that it may have a rule of action
for this and all similar cases, we recommend
the passage of this bill.
And we cannot refuse to avail ourselves of
this opportunity to express our conviction that
this Government should maintain such a naval
force in Cuban waters as will fully protect our
citizens in their rights, and insure them a fair
trial on any criminal chai'ges that may be pre-
ferred against them.
The present condition of things in Cuba re-
quires this for the protection of our citizens and
commerce. There is sufficient available naval
force in the waters about the West Indies for
this purpose, and we submit that it can be put
to no better use.
GODLOVE S. ORTH,
N. B. JUDD,
C. W. WILLARD,
J. A. AMBLER.
