1870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1479
tion, could avail itself of the power to revoke, j
if such a power indeed exists for the States, j
The same provision which is said to endow ■
the States with this continuing discretion,
would uphold a majority of the two Houses of
Congress in withdrawing the fifteenth amend-
ment from consideration altogether, at any
hour before it had been ratified by twenty-eight
State?. This is but part of the unseemliness
„f a doctrine never conceived in our history
before, and born now in the miscarriage of ill-
gotten and baffled opportunity. Pursuing it
no further, I dismiss the new dogma as a sin-
ister and mischievous impostor. Were it an
abstraction, it would be a harmless heresy; but
it has a purpose, and allowed to go unchal-
lenged, it might yet become an agitating and
disorganizing intruder.
Mr. President, I cannot remember with un-
mingled regret that this unworthy fling at a
poor and suffering race, has come from the great
and patriotic State whose honor and interests
are so dear to me. The proceeding was appro-
priate, if it was not fit. It continues, if it does
not conclude, that masquerade of proscrip-
tion, violence, and wrong, in which a political
party in New York has moved for years.
When emancipation wa3 proclaimed, the
charioteers of Democracy plied whip and spur
to trample down all who would allow black
men even to fight or to work under the flag of
the nation. The guides of the party, taught
their followers that the colored people of the
South, if their chains were broken, would
sweep like a black wave over the North. The
masses were told that the liberated negro pop-
ulation would rush to the North to compete
with white labor, and cheapen its wages.
Reason answered, no, men flee from slavery,
notfrom freedom; from wrongs, notfrom rights;
frotn oppression, not from opportunity. But
truth and common sense were hooted and buf-
feted, and unkenneled cowardice and ignorance
barked in hideous chorus. Wantonness and
infatuation ruled the hour. Drugged with error,
dizzy with fear, and maddened with passion, men
and women were led from meetings to mobs;
from a dance of faction to a dance of death.
In the city of New York, duped and imbruted
thousandsriotedin blood—the blade, the bullet,
aud the cup, did each its work, and the torch
sent up from the christian soil of that imperial
city, the smoke of a burning orphan asylum to
tell in heaven of the inhuman bigotry, the horri-
ble barbarity of man. Emancipation prevailed,
the uplifted banners of oppression and revolt
went down, and the nation's flag waved safe
conduct to black and white alike, from Mexico
to British America. But no dark-browed pro-
cession pants for the snows and frosty breezes
of the North. The negro remains by the grave
of his fathers, and climate, zone, and history,
pile condemnations upon the deeds done in
New York at the bloody assizes of the Dem-
ocratic party.
The mask of protecting white labor against
oompetition from the blacks, has served its pur-
pose in the Northeast and gone to the Pacific
coast, to be worn there againstthe Chinaman's
right to be, and right to toil. Here a different
disguise is needed now. The party which
against ignorance and vice? Such a proceed- I
ingcannotbeadrama; grim enough for tragedy, |1
it would be hooted as ironical; too grotesque
for comedy, it would be hissed as an extrava-
gance. Sextus as a vestal virgin, Shylock as I
a philanthropist. Satan as a reformer, wolves
as shepherds! If these personations be not
easy aud natural, what shall be said when the
managers of the Democratic organization in
the city of New York, personify the purity and
preservation of elections?
Objections there are, to extending the elect-
ive franchise ; arguments there are. in favor of
qualifications for suffrage: but objections and
arguments in behalf of the ballot-box, are only
satires from those who in spite of law have de-
bauched and well nigh deposed the ballot-box.
Defenses for the ballot-box, come strangely
from those who, by invading the ballot-box,
usurp power, aud then so use power as to swell
the public expenditures and the local taxes of
a single city, until, exceeding $2o,000,000
annually, they i'all only just below the total
cost of the whole civil service of the Ameri-
can nation at home and abroad. That faith
must be expiring, indeed, which needs espousal
from those who desecrate its sanctuaries, pro-
fane its temples, and pollute its shrines.
The fifteenth amendment prohibits no im-
partial qualification of voters which any State
may adopt; it strikes only at the arbitrary
exclusion based on race, color, or previous
condition of servitude. It will give the ballot '
in the State of New York to seven or eight
thousand men. These few will be endowed
with political rights amid the scowls of multi-
tudes. Some of them may be ignorant and
debased, but not one is less deserving of a
vote or of respect, than those who themselves
j depraved, have been organizers and architects
I of depravity. This is a truth for which the
! Constitution is a fitting place—the birthday of
Washington a fitting time.
The PRESIDEN I? pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is now before the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I ask the per-
; mission of the Senate to occupy about twenty
minutes of its time upon one of the propositions
argued by the honorable Senator from New
York?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky asks unanimous consent
to continue this discussion for about twenty
minutes.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am very anxious to
get up the unfinished business; but how much
time does the Senator require?
Mr. DAVIS. About twenty minutes.
Mr. CHANDLER. Of course I shall not
object.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not exceed thirty
minutes.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection, and the Senator from
Kentucky will proceed.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, in a great deal
of what has been said by the honorable Sen-
ator from New York I concur. I fully concur
in his first and main proposition; but from his
affected fear of the presence of a race, is j second proposition, which is the correlative ot
affrighted and affronted now at the presence of
a handful.
In the midst of New York's four million
people, abide a dwindling few, against whom
the way to the ballot-box has long been barred.
At last the bar has fallen, and the fastidious
Democracy recoils from admitting to political
rights, men whose skins washing does not
whiten. The objection, we are told, is that
ignorance will be introduced into the ballot-
box and the suffrage will be cheapened and de-
graded ! Is not thata masquerade where man-
agers ofmodern Democracy appear as the cham-
pions of an uncontaminated and immaculate
ballot? How will history christen the occasion
oa which the chiefs of the society of Tammany
assume the role of defenders of the ballot-box
the first in his view, I wholly dissent; and it
is upon that point and in explanation of the
grounds of my dissent that I ask the privilege
of making a few remarks now.
I have been struck with the magnificent elo-
cution and declamation which we have heard
this morning, and it is only another illustration
of the saying I have heard so often, that there
is nothing more strange than human reason and
its operations and conclusions. Men do not
believe what is true. They do not believe what
can be demonstrated to be true. They believe
that which they desire to be true. The most
eloquent man, the most cogent man that ever
spoke, from the days of Socrates and Demos-
thenes to the present hour, is he who speaks
our principles and our feelings and to promote
our ends. There is no human eloquence that
can vie with that character of eloquence; and
I regard the eloquent aud soul-stirring address
of the honorable Senator from New York made
this morning to be in good part of that char-
acter in the apprehension of the Senate.
But, Mr. President, I got up to announce
the extent to which I agreed with the honor-
able Senator in his propositions and the extern
in which I dissent from them, aud to say a few
words in the way of sober argument aud truth,
as far as I can command it, in exposition of
my views.
I agree wiih the honorable Senator from
New York that the power of a State to ratify
an amendment of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States i3 not a legislative power. It is an
extraordinary, special, and unique power ; it
exists wholly and solely by the words which
create it, the words of the Federal Constitu-
tion, and it is to be exercised as it is there
organized and in 110 other mode. Well, now.
Mr. President, I concur fully—it has always
been my principle and conviction upon this
proposition since I have had one—that when
a State, either by its Legislature or its conven-
tion, has been brought to act upon a proposed
amendment to the Federal Constitution, aud
has so acted, whatever its action may be, when
it is once consummated, is final and decisive
of the action and power of that State.
I agree—at least such is ray conviction—that
when any State by its Legislature has voted to
adopt a proposed amendment to the Constitu-
tion it is no longer within the competence or
power of that State to withdraw its ratification.
But on the other hand, I say that there is an
implied power which is correlative and coex-
tensive with the power to ratify a proposed
amendment to the Constitution, and that is a
power to reject any proposed amendment. 1
admit that this is an implied power; but it i3 one
that exists as unquestionably as the express
power to ratify, in my judgment.
The power granted is not simply a power to
ratify. It is not, like the courts-martial thai
' were impaneled during the late war, to con
. vict, not to try ; but it is a discretionary power,
vested by the Constitution in the States, act-
ing by their Legislatures or by conventions
called for that purpose; and that discretionary
power has a double aspect: the one to ratify,
! the other is to reject. When the ratification is
i made it can never be retracted. When a rejec-
tion has been made it is equally conclusive
| and final, and I think the slightest examina-
| tion of the power which confers it will, to any
reasonable and unprejudiced mind, convey the
truth of that proposition :
" The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Hauses
shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to
this Constitution, or, on the a-pplication of the Legis-
latures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a
convention for proposing amendments, which"—
Which propositions—
" in either case shall bo valid, to all intent3 and pur-
poses, as part of this Constitution when ratified by
the Legislatures of three fourths ot the several
States or by conventions in three fourths thereof,' <fcc.
The Constitution organizes two tribunals, or
authorizes two tribunals of ratification or re-
jection in the States. The one is by their
Legislatures, the other by conventions called
specially by Congress to act upon the subject.
Now, Mr. President, I am not addressing
the passion of any man in the few words which
I am about to utter. I do not expect to en-
counter the prejudices or the fixed and illiberal
partisan views of any man. I know that it
would be worse than useless, that it would be
x'idiculous for me to attempt to address men
who occupy that position, and to them I do not
speak the few words that I am about to utter.
I speak them to men who have sense and judg-
ment and reason, if any such be tound within
the sound of my voice, and if there be none I
speak through the reporters to the country.
Sir, it was the perfect right and province
of Congress when it submitted any proposed
amendments of the Constitution to the differ-
