1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2423
fault, if it be not as I say. To allow these
rebels to prevail is to sacrifice reconstruction,
and to offer up the Unionists, white and black.
It is to do a deed of shame and desertion.
Are you ready for this degradation ? Shall
Congress descend to this vileness ?
Again I use strong language, but only in this
way can I picture the enormity which is now
proposed. Among national obligations, which
cannot be declined or postponed, and which
rest primarily on Congress, is the duty of pro-
tecting reconstruction. S7iotv that reconstruc-
tion is in peril and you must act. Now, that
it is in peril there can be no question. Concur-
ring testimony from opposite quarters, public
acts, and open menace all attest the condition
of Georgia. Others in this debate have entered
into details. I give you the irresistible, unan-
swerable conclusion.
And here occurs the Bingham amendment,
which however intended, is only an engine of
rebel power. This is its true character and
nothing else. Howsoever it may seem, it must
be regarded in its consequences. We must
look from the word to the thing. It is not
enough to see how it reads, we must see how
it works. According to its text the present
Legislature, whose natural existence has been
changed by wrongful addition and wrongful
subtraction, proceeding directly from the old
Rebellion, is terminated at a specified day in
the coming autumn, and a new election is
ordered, without taking into consideration the
past or the future, without considering that thus
far it has sat as a provisional Legislature only,
although chosen to sit under the State consti-
tution—without considering how it has been
despoiled of its legislative character and just
rights by hostile influence, and how a new elec-
tion will be a direct appeal to this same hostile
influence, giving to it a letter of licensc and
unloosing the Kuklux Klan. The Bingham
amendment is in few words, but they are words
of despair to the loyal men of Georgia and
words of cheer to the disloyal.
I have listened to the arguments in its favor.
!)o T mistake when I say, that they all resolve
memselves iuto technicality?. At one moment
we have allegations of " irregularity," and at
another of " estoppel," and such technicalities
play their part, while the good people of Geor-
gia are sacrificed. We are estopped, so it is
paid, by the act of December 22, 1809, which,
failing to provide for the reperformance of cer-
tain conditions-precedent recognized the valid-
ity of the legislative acts by which they had
been performed. Very well. Suppose the legis-
ative acts are recognized as valid, what then?
Because the ratification of the constitutional
amendments is recognized, does it follow
that Congress is thereby " estopped"—such is
the word—in completing the work of recon-
struction? I cannot comprehend this reason-
ing. It would be of value in a county court,
but it is out of place in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, on a question of reconstruction. To
my mind, all this is a matter of supreme indiffer-
ence. The powers of Congress are above any
such incident, and nothing has occurred to im-
pair them in any way. They exist now as at the
beginning, awaiting the discretion of Congress.
Do you ask where these power? are found?
Of course, in the two constitutional amend-
ments already proclaimed, being ample sources
if none others existed. Out of these Congress is
authorized to do all that is needed to enforce
emancipation and to protect the rights of the
citizen. This is plain—very plain.
But there are three other sources, each of
which is overflowing. The first is from the
necessity of the case, ex necessitate rei. This
is the very ground on which Chief Justice Mar-
shall asserted the power of Congress over the
Territories ; but it is equally applicable in the
woik of reconstruction. From the necessity
of the ease tins power must be in Congress,
as without tt reconstruction could not be com-
pleted. You must renounce reconstruction cr
recognize this power.
Then comes the "guarantee" clause, which
is another bountiful all-sufficient fountain.
The United States are to guaranty a repub-
lican form of government to the States. But
this guarantee can be executed only through
Congress. This clause is at once old and new.
It is old as the Constitution itself, but it is new
in its practical exercise. And the reason is
obvious. So long as Slavery prevailed, this
mighty power slept; but it was the sleep of a
giant. At last it has awaked never again to
sleep or slumber. Prom this time forward the
duty of the nation to guaranty a republican gov-
ernment to all its parts will be constant and ever-
present, and this duty is reenforced by all
needful powers. The guarantee is continuing
and perpetual, and it must be executed at all
hazards. In its execution, Congress must fix
the definition of a republican government.
How often have I said this; but I shall not
fail to repeat it so long as the occasion re-
quires. To Congress belongs the duty of de-
termining what is a republican government,
and then it must see that such a government
prevails in every State.
If in any State the existing government fails
according to the just standard, or if it is in
any way menaced, then must Congress inter-
fere to execute the sleepless guarantee. And
in this interference it may act according to its
discretion, determining the occasion and the
"means" to be employed. It may act by re-
pression or by precaution, and it may select
any " means" proper for the purpose. To say
that it may not act by precaution as well as by
repression is contrary to reason, and I may say
to common sense. Whatever may be done by
repression may be done by precaution also.
Such is the experience of life in other things,
and this obligation of guarantee is subject to
the universal law. In the selection of'' means''
the whole field and the whole arsenal are at its
command. Not an instrument, not a weapon
proper for the purpose which it may not grasp.
Here the language of Chief Justice Marshall,
so often quoted, harmonizes with the claim of
power which 1 now make :
" The Government '.yhicli has a risht to do nny act
and has imposed on it the duty of performing that
act. must, according to the dictates of reason, be
allowed to sclect tlie melius,;t'l those who contend
that it may not select any appropriate means, that
one particular mode of effecting the object is ex-
cepted, take upon themselves the burden of estab-
lishing that exception."
In our recent debates, able Senators have
denied everything. They will not concede the
"means," and they even ignore this great
clause, which, as Cicero said of the ancient
Senatus consultum, has rested so long, like a
sword in its scabbard. But there it is. Sen-
ators may ignore it; they may not see it; but
there it is in the Constitution. In attempting
to belittle this clause Senators only show how
little they appreciate the lofty unity of the
Republic. Other clauses are important in the
machinery of government; but this guarantee
makes the Republic one and indivisible, being
One out of Many, and places the rights of all
under the protecting power of the natiom
Before the extinction of Slavery, State Rights
were successful against this guarantee. To
invoke this tyrannical pretension was enough.
How often was it heard on this floor! _ How
completely did it dominate the Constitution
itself! But the habit still continues, and we
are still compelled to hear this same preten-
sion. under which States played flic turtle,
drawing head, legs, and tail all within an im-
pen3trat>le shell. With the overthrow of the
Rebellion on the bioody field, this pretension
should have been abandoned and forgotten.
A State is not a turtle, which can shut itself
within its shell, and enjoy its own separate
animal existence, but it is a component part
of this great Republic, with which it is inter-
laced and interlocked so as to fharo wita every
other State a common life, subject to one^nd
the same prevailing law. To insist that a State
can play the turtle now as in the days Risen
slavery ruled, is to dishonor the Constitution
and to abandon the crowning victory over the
Rebellion.
Do you ask for the power in the Constitu-
tion to enter into a State and establish repub-
lican government? I give it to you in an im-
mortal text. To question it is to show an
ignorance of language, which in this case is
clear beyond criticism, and an ignorance also
of the true genius of American Institutions',
where unity of rights is the Alpha and the
Omega. The national motto, E Pluribus
Unwn, is another expression of that great unity
by which the States are lost in the nation.
And this guarantee I now invoke for the pro-
tection of the good people of Georgia, and for
the protection hereafter of Human Rights when
imperiled anywhere within the limits of the
Republic.
But there are other and exceptional reasons,
why Georgia is still within the control of Con-
gress. The process of reconstruction in this
State is not yet completed; so that the govern-
ment there is simply provisional and nothing
else. This is only according to the Reconstruc-
tion Act of March 2, 1867, where it is provided—
" That until the people of the said rebel States shall
beBY law admitted to representation in the Congress
ol'the United States, any civil governments which may
exist therein shall he deemed provisional only, and in
all respects subject to the paramount authority of
the United States at any time to abolish, modify,
control, Oi' supersedo the same,"
Nothing can be more explicit. Until the
people of the rebel States are " by law" ad-
mitted to representation they are under the
power of Congress. Everything done is in-
choate only, and nothing more. But Georgia
is not yet "bylaw" admitted to representa-
tion, and we are now considering when and
how such admission shall take place. Mean-
while, according to express language of the act,
the government is "provisional only nor is
this all, for the act proceeds to declare further
that this government is " in all respects subject
tothe paramount authority of thcUnited States
at any time to abolish, modify, or supersede the
same." Words cannot be stronger. "Abol-
ish." "modify," "supersede." To argue
against their plain meaning is simply ridicu-
lous. To insist that the existing government
is beyond the reach of Congress, to be ex-
tended or abridged, to be recognized or super-
eded in itss discretion is preposterous. The
power is reserved in terms almost excessive in
fullness. Therefore do I say, there can be no
question of power on the present occasion. As
well question that the sun shines or the river
flows.
There being no question of power, there
arises, then, the obligation of duty. Congress
lias the power to protect republican institu-
tions in Georgia, and to protect the good peo-
ple there, and it has the further power to
superintend the work of reconstruction to the
end. All this it must do. It cannot abandon
the appointed work. Of course, it will ascer-
tain the exact condition of things and will then
apply the remedy. No excuse of State Rights,
no fine-spun technicality, no plea ofirregularity,
no argument of 1' estoppel'' can be heard. All
these are trivial and unworthy against the com-
manding duty. Georgia must be saved to her-
self and tothe Union, and Congress must supply
the means.
Several courses are open to Congress, and
all equally within its powers; for all are derived
from the same fountains.
(1.) Georgia may be remanded for an indefi-
nite period to a condition like that of the_ ler-
ritories, subordinate in all respects to the juris-
diction ot' Congress, which may meanwnue
mold it into loyalty and order.
(2.) Or the State may be subjected to a mil-
itary government until such time as it is it in
every respect for self-government.
(3.) Or the existing provisional government
may be invested with the powers of the btate,
| in such form and way and for such term as
I Congress in its discretion shall think best.
