1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3367
Mr. HAWLEY. I move to add to the firat
section the following:
And provided further, That the privileges herein
granted are upon the following conditions, namely:
all the lands herein and heretofore granted to said
railroad oompany shall be sold to actual settlers
only and in quantities not greator than one hundred
and sixty acres to any one person, and for a price not
piceedingS2 50 per acre : And provided further. That
no mortgage that may be given by said railroad oom-
" nv shall operate to prevent the sale to actual set- ;
tiers only upon the terms and conditions herein pro-
vided of all the lands herein or heretofore granted ;
by the United States to said railroad company; and
any violation of this condition shall work a forfeit-
ure of all the lands herein or heretofore granted by
the United States to said railroad company.
Mr. ORTH. I now yield to the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to add to the first
section the following:
And be it farther provided, That the grant of lands ,
herein stipulated to said company is made upon the
express condition that the Congress of the United
States reserves the right to regulate and limit the
rates of freight and fare of passengers on said road
whenever in the opinion of Congress the same shall
become necessary to protect commerce among the
several States.
Mr. ORTH. I yield next to the gentleman
from Iowa.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move to^d the
following to the first section :
Provided, That no mortgage executed by said com-
pany upon the lands granted shall be of any validity
as an incumbrance upon the same until the com-
pany is by the terms of the taw entitled to a oon-
vciance of such lands by the Government.
Mr. ORTH. I yield to the gentleman from ;
New York. j
Mr. VAN WYCK. I move to add the fol- j
lowing to the first section : I
That said company shall charge not to exceed five i
cents per mile for every passenger carried, and shall
charge for transportation of freights not to exceed ten :
per cent, of the rates charged on railroads from the I
Mississippi river east to the Atlantic sea-board.
Mr. ORTH. I yield to the gentleman from j
Ohio. |
Mr. WINAN8. I move to strike out the |
following proviso: j
Provided further. That in the construction of the
said railroad American iron or steel only shall be*
used, the same to be manufactured from American
ores exclusively.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to the
gentleman whether he should not go further,
and add words to declare that nothing but
English iron and steel should be used.
Mr. WINANS. I cannot accept the gentle-
man's suggestion.
Mr. ORTH. I now yield to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Finkelnburg. J
Mr. FINKELNBDRG. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Insert after the word " line," in line sixteen, the
words "not more than three hundred miles from its
western terminus."
Mr. ORTH. I yield to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoll,] to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I offer the following:
After the word "bidder," in litie fifty-five, insert
the following:
Provided, That no mortgage hereafter executed by
this corporation shall be valid or create any lien on
the lands hereby or heretotore granted to said cor-
poration, except as to such lands as said corporation
shall have received a patent for from the United
States.
Mr. ORTH. I now yield to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Arnell.1
Mr. ARNELL. I offer the following addi-
tional sections:
And be it further resolved. That the even-numbered
sections of land on the lino of the said Northern
racmc railroad and its branches, and alternate to
the sections granted to said Northern Pacific Rail-
road Company, to an equal number of sections so
Kjanted, be, and the same are hereby, donated, and
shall boconveycd in trust by patent to be issued by
the Secretary of the Interior, to a board of thirteen
commissioners, who shall be appointed by the Pres-
ident of the United States, by and with the advice
ana consent of the Senate, which board shall he
known as the Freedman's Homestead Commission;
and the lands so convened may be sold, mortgaged,
or otherwise disposed of by said commission, accord-
ing to regulations to be established a.s hereinafter
Provided, and to the best advantage foJ* thfc-work of
Pud comuaisaigii, .and the proceeds thoreof shall be
Spplied bt s&idoommission te th^ programwnl of
omesteada in the States commonly known as the
southern States bf the Union, and to the settlement
thereon of persons formerly held in slavery, and their
descendants, and to the promotion of education
among them.
And be it further resolved, That said commission
shall make all necessary rules and regulations for
the sale and disposal of the lands hereby donated
thereto, in trust.and for oarrying intoeffect the fore-
going provisions; which rules and regulations shall
be submitted to the President'of the United States
for his approval, and when so approved by him shall ,
be valid and binding until in the same manner
altered or amended; and thecommission shall annu-
ally make*a full report of its doings at each regular
session of Congress. ;
Mi^)RTH. I now yield to the gentleman
from Oregon, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I offer the follow- i
ing amendments: j
In line thirty-three, page 2, strike out the wWd
"and," and insert,the word "provided."
Iu line thirty-nine, page 3, insert after the word
"provided " the word "further." , ,
Mr. ORTH. I now yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mn Davis.]
Mr. DAVIS, I offer the following amend-
ments: , i
Insection one, Rtrike out all after the word "com- !
pany in line forty, down to and including the word
road" in line forty-three.
Add to section one the following: '
. Provided, That the mortgage to be executed under
the provisions of this section shall in no case be
construed to carry greater rights or privileges than
the company possessed at the time of executing the
same.
Strike out in section one all after the words "Puget
sound" in line seventeen, down to and including the
words "sixty-four" in line thirty-three.
Mr. ORTH. I now yield to my colleague
from Indiana, [Mr. Coburn.]
Mr. COBIJRN. I offer the following amend-
ments :
Insert after the word "point," in line sixteen, these
words, "not exceeding three hundred miles east of
the western terminus."
Strike out lines six and seven and the word " cor-
poration"1 in line eight, section one, and insert the
words "tracks, depots, rolling-stock, and other per-
sonal property."
Mr. ORTH. I yield next to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mt: Aai'er.]
Mr. ASPER. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Strike ont all ofseetion oaeafterthe word " poi nts "
in the thirty-ninth .line down to thd fifty-eighth line,
inclusive. .
Mr. ORTH. I yield to the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Conger.]
Mr. CON GSR. 1 offer the following amend:
ment;,
At the end of pection one add the following:
Provided always, That if this company should refuse
the frant with trio conditions herewith proposed:,
nothing herein contained shall be construed as a lim-
itation upon Congress in any effort which may here-
after be made to encourage the building of a North-
ern Pacific railroad through its vast unoccupied land
domain.
Mr. ORTH. I now yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. I offer the following as
additional sections, to Come in at the end of the
joint resolution r
And he it farther retained. That the said company
shall make reports annually, or oftener, if required
by the Secretary of the Interior, of its condition and
transactions, and containing all such information as
said Secretary may require, and in suoh form and
verified in suoh manner as he may require. And the
United States shall havetheright at all times to take
possession of and own the road herein authorized, on
paying the actual and legitimate cost thereof.
And be it further resolved, That every private sol-
dier and officer who has served in the Army of the
United States during the rebellion for ninety days
and remained loyal to the Government, and every
seaman, marine, and officer, orother person who has
served in the Navy of the Unjted States, or in the
Marine corps or revenue marine, during the rebel-
lion for ninety days, and remained loyal to the Gov-
ernment, shall, without the payment of any fee or
commission to any register or receiver of any land
office, be entitled to enter one quartersection ofland.
not mineral, of the alternate reserved sections of
public lands along the lines of all the railroads, or
other publio works in .the United States, wherever
public lands have been" or thnf1>e granted by acts of
Congress ; and all such entries'shall be made under
and by virtue of the provisions of the aet to secure
homesteads to actual settlers on the public domain,
and the nets amendatory thereof, and on the terms
and conditions therein prescribed: and nil the pro-
visions of Said aotSi except as herein modified, shall
extend and be applicable to entries under this act.
And every person entitled to the benefit of this act
may. locate one quarter section as herein provided,
at his option, in one entire quarter section or in not
more than two subdivisions of a quarter section not
more than four miles apart.
Andjie it further resolved. That the Commissioner
of the General Land Office is hereby authorized to
prescribe the necessary rules and regulations to carry
the preceding section into effect and determine all
facts necessary therefor.
Mr, ORTH. I yield now to the gentleman
! from Ohio, [Mr, Ambler.]
Mr. AMBLER. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment :
Amend by striking out the words " and rights of
property" where they occur in the sixth line of the
first section of the bill.
Mr. ORTH. I yield next to the gentleman
from Nevada, [Mr. Fitch.]
Mr. FITCH. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the section :
. Provided further. That no person other than an
American citizen shall be permitted to subscribe to
the stock or purchase the mortgage bonds of said
1 road; and none of the lands hereby granted shall be
taken out of the country; and all American citizens
shall be permitted to ride upon said railroad without
charge.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ORTH. I now yield to the gentleman
' from Illinois, [Mr. McNeely.]
I Mr. McNEjSLY. I offer the following
. amendment, to come in at the end of the first
I section:
' Provided further, Thatsaid railroad company shall
! pay into the treasury of the several States and Ter-
| ritories through which it shall pass seven per cent.
of the gross earnings of said railroad, the proportion
! to be thus paid to each of said States or Territories
to be ascertained by the relative number of miles of
| such road operated within each of them.
! Mr. ORTH. I yield now to the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sargent.]
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
I Amend by striking out theword "hereby," in line
1 forty on page 3, and all after the word " company"
in said line, down to and including the word "road,"
j in line forty-three.
I Mr. ORTH. I yield next to the gentleman
' from Kansas, [Mr. Clarke.]
! . Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I offer the fol-
, lowing as an additional section to the joint
resolution:
Sec. —. And be it further resolved. That the lands
granted by this act, and all previous acts to said
company, shall inure to the benefit of said company,
its assigns and successors, in the manner following,
that is to say: that all the lands granted by this act
: shall be immediately open to settlement, and shall
be sold to actual settlers only, who shall be entitled
I to receive patents therefor in contiguous parcels not
exceeding a quantity equal to 9ne quarter section to
any one person, ana at the price of $2 50 per acre,
under such rules and regulations as may be pre-
scribed by the S«cretary of the Interior, in accord-
ance witb the provisions of this act: Provided, how-
ever, That such persons shall be citizens of the United
States, or shall have declared their intention to be-
I come such, before thoy shall be entitled to become
| actual settlers under the provisions of this act: And
' provided further, That when the company shall file
1 with the Secretary of the Interior the certificate of
the Governor of the State or Territory in which said
I road is located that any twenty consecutive iniles of
said road have been completed in agood, substantial,
and workmanlike manner, together with a map des-
ignating by the public surveys the line of such com-
: pleted portion, and the points of beginning and
ending, the Secretary of the Interiorshall thereupon
i direct the proper district land officers to give public
j notice to all actual settlers, under the provisions of
l this act, residing on the granted lands opposite to
and conterminous with said completed section, to
make proof and payment to the district land officers
for their claims within three months from thedste
of said notice; and the registers and receiver*shall
report the sale of said lands monthly, as in the sales ot
publio lands; and the amount received shall be placed
by the receivers to the credit of the railroad com-
! pany, in suoh depository ss they may designate:
Provided, That if any settler shall fail to make proof
| and pay for his claim within the time herein speci-
l fied, his right thereto shall become forfeited, ana
i the land sball be patented to the said company'!
i provided further. That patents shall issue to said
! company for all lands which phall remain unsold
after the expiration of three months from the date
! of completion of each section of said road: Aua pro-
; vided also. That the railroad company may at any
I time sell, convey by deed, mortgage, or deed of trust,
! all of said lend to persons or corporations ana not
I actual settlers, and at sach Prioes and on sucli terms
as the parties may agree upon: Promrtea.inat wnen
so -old or con vey ed. the paid lands in the hand? of the
■ purchaser, mortgagee, or trustee, or other grantees.
