2424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
I doubt not that there are other modes within
the jurisdiction of Congress; but these are all
contained substantially in the three I have
named.
It is not now proposed to remand Georgia
to a territorial condition or to subject the State
to a military government. But it is proposed
to place it in charge of the existing provisional
government, which is to continue for a full con-
stitutional term ; and this is done ap the best
way of guarding against disturbing forces from
the late Rebellion. It is said that this will be
sufficient. I hope that it may bo. I am satis-
fied that it is the least Congress can do in the
exigency. Anything short of this will bo the
betrayal of those who have a right to our pro-
tection.
Against, this simple and moderate proposi-
tion is interposed the Bingham Amendment,
which, however plausible in form, is destruct-
ive in consequence. It is enough that it hands
over the State to misrule and violence. Sen-
ators, how can you do this thing? How can
you hesitate to take every heed and precaution
against even the possibility of such an occur-
rence? You have the power. Then must you
exercise it. In the recent history of Georgia
nothing can bo adduced to make yon hesitate.
On the contrary all things, when properly un-
derstood, conspire to constrain the exercise of
this power.
How feeble is the argument that because
Governor Bullock was chosen Governor and
the Legislature commenced its session at a given
date now passed, therefore, in this process of
reconstruction the constitutional term of tho
Governor and of the Legislature must be lim-
ited to two years from that date. Besides
ignoring all the controlling powers of Congress,
this assumption ignores also the conduct of
this very Legislature by which its organization
was for a while defeated. Nothing is clearer
than that the termination of tho provisional
government in Georgia was contingent on the
performance of certain covenants, express
and implied. These covenants have been out-
rageously violated. The very form of gov-
ernment underwent a change when persons
clearly ineligible from disloyalty were allowed
to take part in it while citizens entitled to
equal rights, and especially protected by the
reconstruction laws, were tyrannically ejected
from the Legislature. There was for the time
being a usurpation. Had this violation of
underlying covenants been anticipated, recon-
struction would have been postponed. No
Senator will pretend the contrary. But Con-
gress, in view of what has occurred, may justly
do what it would have done, hud it anticipated
the result. It may postpone reconstruction—
treating the Legislature meanwhile as provis-
ional, and recognizing ita acts only so far as
in the judgment of Congress they are fit to be
recognized.
If instruction be needed on this point, it, will
be found in the authoritative words of pub-
licists, showing how even the terms of a treaty
may be disregarded where there has been a
change in the form of government. Thus
Vattel does not hesitate to say :
" It may say upon a good foundation that it would
not havo entered into an alliance with such a nation
bad it been under thepresentform of government."—
Vattel, Book II, chap. 12.1197.
One of our own publicists, Alexander Ham-
ilton, has dealt with the same question in con-
genial language:
"Contracts botween nations as between individ-
uals must lose their force where considerations fail.
A treaty pernicious to the State is of itself void when
a change in the situation of cither party takes place.
15y o, much stronger reason it becomes voidable at
the option oi cither paity whea tho voluntary act of
one of the allies has made to material a cliango in
tho condition of thinf/i as is alvrays implied in a radi-
cal revolution of government."
We but follow the simple principles of these
texts when we declare that the outragp perpe-
trated in Georgia so far changed the condition
of things that the Legislature lost all title to
recognition by Congress. It ceased to be the
Legislature contemplated by Congress. Nor
was it the first regular Legislature contem-
plated by the State constitution. It was irreg-
ular, abnormal, revolutionary. To recognize
such a body as the first regute Legislature is
a fraud on the State constitution. To insist
that members, chosen as the firstregular Legis-
lature, shall be treated as provisional only, is
unjust to them. To insist "that such members
shall be despoiled of the regular term is a
direct surrender to the disorganizers, who will
rejoice to see Congress sacrifice the true men
to whom it owes protection. To my mind
there can be no surer rule than so to act that
these disorganizers shall not rejoice. Espe-
cially will 1 not please them at the expense of
patriot citizens.
In tho exercise of this power Congress is
acting on principles of Equity. And here
allow me to say, that, in superintending the
process of reconstruction, Congress is a Court
of Equity, bound to supply deficiencies in the
existing law, to enjoin against threatened wrong,
and generally to see justice done in spite of
technicalities. Here I only follow the best
definitions of Equity from the earliest times.
No student can forgot that profound definition
by Aristotle, adopted by (Jrotius also,—that
"equity is tho correction of that, wherein the
law by reason of its universality is deficient;"
nor can he forgot, the phrase of Lord Bacon
when ho gives it a higher character still, saying,
" the general conscience of the realm which is
Chancery." These two philosophers were each
right, for Equity is at once a correction of law
and the voice of conscience. In conformity
with these principles an ample jurisdiction has
been established, under which, among other
things, the powers of ordinary courts arc sup-
plemented by more flexile methods—tho rules
ol" law are prevented from becoming instruments
of injustice—persons are restrained from as-
serting doubtful rights in a manner productive
of irreparable damage,—and, in the absence
of positive law, universal justice is maintained.
It has been a constant aspiration to bring law
and equity into harmony. Lord Chancellor
Jildon on one occasion remarked that he heard
Lord Chief Justice Do Grey observe, that he
never liked Equity so well, as when it was like
law, and the day before ho heard Lord Mans-
field observe, that ha never liked law so well as
when it was like Equity. (Darsley vs. Fiiz-
harding. 0 Vesey, 200.) In the same spirit
Bishop Burnet says of Sir Matthew Hale:
"As great a lawyer as ho was, ho would never sut-
ler tho strictncss of law to prevail against conscience;
as great a ohanecllor as ho was, ho would raako use
of all tho niceties and subtilties in law when it tended
to support right uud equity."—Burnet: Life of Hale,
lmgo S(j.
Such is equity and such are the principles
which preside in its courts. No strictness of
law can prevail against conscience. Tho nice-
ties and subtilties of law are all to be used in
support of right and equity. These noble and
authoritative rules are n pathway of light.
Against all strictness of law conscience must
prevail. If there are niceties and subtilties
in tho law, let them all be employed on the
side of right, and equity. That is according to
reason ana tho harmonies of the Universe. It
is Equity.
Am I not right when I now insist that Con-
gress is a High Court of Equity with Georgia
at its bar? It only remains that itshould apply
the principles of Equity, especially supply-
ing deficiencies in the existing law, enjoining
against threatened wrong, and seeing that jus-
tice is done,—all teehnicalites to the contrary
notwithstanding. Against all strictness of law
conscience must prevail, and if there are nice-
ties and subtilties in the law, they must all
minister to the completion of reconstruction.
To this end, the process of Congress must go
forth in such form as will best establish peace
and security in that State under the safeguard
of equal laws. With the execution of this pro-
cess Georgia will be a republican government
in reality as in name.
The assertion of this power is necessary noit,
not merely for Georgia, where it will bring
peace and security, but also for the Nation,
which wil I be elevated in character and strength-
ened in that unity against which the Rebellion
dashed itself in battle. An ancient sage has
left in perpetual testimony that the best gov-
ernment is where an injury to a single citizen
is redressed as an injury to the whole nation.
In harmony with the saying of the sage is the
fundamental law that protection and allegiance
are reciprocal, so that the Nation owes protec-
tion in exchange for the allegiance it receives.
The duties of the Nation are corelative with
tho duties of the citizen. Are we a Nation?
Surely we are not, if any State can without cor-
rection deny Equal Bights within its border, or
in any way imperil the tranquillity of the Re-
public. There was a time when all this might
be done with impunity,—when a State was per-
mitted to exalt itself above the Nation,—when
a State determined for itself the standard of
Human Rights—when there was one rule of
citizenship at Boston and another at New Or-
leans, and as many different rules as there were
States,—when State Rights were made the pro-
tection for all that a State chose to do, and" the
turtle, with its impenetrable shell, was the pro-
totype of a political community constituting
part of the Nation. But this time has passed.
A State can no longer play the turtle—State
Rights have ceased to be a protection for all
that a State inclines to do,—there can be but
one rule of citizenship in all the States, being
the same in Boston and New Orleans,—no
State can determine for itself the standard of
Human Rights,—no State can exalt itself above
the Nation; nor can any State without cor-
rection deny Equal Rights within its borders,
nor in any way imperil the tranquility of the
Republic. The judgments of courts, the argu-
ments of Senators, with all possible learning
and all possible skill, are impotent against that
prevailing law, which places the National Unity
and the Equal Rights of all beneath the safe-
guard of the Nation. There they will remain
from this time, forevermore making the Re-
public more than ever an example to mankind.
Mr. MORTON. I will call the attention of
the Senator from Massachusetts to the decision
made in the district court of the United States
in Georgia, recently by Judge Erskine, one of
the ablest lawyers in the southern States. I
have not the full text of the decision, but I will
read an abstract of it. It was given in the
Stephens habeas corpus case:
" JudgcErskinc in his decision, in the most marked
and pointed manner, decidcd that tho reconstruction
acts of Congress were constitutional. He also up-
held the power of tho general commanding to cause
arrests and punish offenders. Ho held that no legal
Mtato government existed in (Georgia, the present
Wtuto government being provisional only. Stephens
was discharged solely on tho ground that if guilty
as an accessory after the fact in harboring tho prin-
cipal, ho could not bo held to answer for it in this
district."
Mr. IiDMUNDS. What paper does the
Senator read from?
Mr. MORTON. The Chronicle of this city
of Sunday last.
Mr. SUMNER. The decision of Judge
Erskine is completely in harmony with the act
of Congress.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I en-
tirely concur in the opening remark of the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Summer,]
that whatever may be the fate of this bill, this
debate will not speedily be forgotten. It will
not be forgotten, and it will constitute amourn-
lul chapter in American history. It is worthy
of everlasting remembrance, as showing how
high the tides of intellectual license cau rise,
even in a constitutional country. All the loose
thought and wild talk inspired by a eivil war.
confined hitherto to newspaper editorials and
inflammatory speeches on the stump, at length
have found utterance in this high place: all this
extravagance and absolute wildness are sanc-
tioned, sanctified, and canonized, by the in-
dorsement of the Senator from Massachusetts.
