5256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
Barnum, Beaman, Beatty, Biggs, Bingham, Bowen,
Boyd, Buck, Buckley, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb,
Cobu'rn, Davis, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery,
I'artisworth, Garfield, Gibson, Haight, Hambleton,
Hamilton. Heilin, Hill, Hoge, HotcbkisS, Ingersoll,
Jojickes, Kellogg, Laflin, Logau, Lynch, McCarthy,
Millies, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Samuel
!>. Morrill, Morrissey, Newstiam, Peree, Piatt, Po-
land, Kice, Ridgway, Sebenck, Scofleld, Shober,
•Strader, Strong, Tanner, William B. Washburn,
and Witeher—56.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
During the vote,
Mr. BUCKLEY stated that he was paired
with Mr. Hambleton, who would vote in the
negative, while he would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. POLAND stated that he was paired with
Mr. Davis, who would vote in the affirmative,
while he would vote in the negative.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
CONFERENCE HEP0RT.
Mr. IiELSEY submitted the following priv-
ileged report:
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 781) making appropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending Juno 30, 1871, having
met, after full and free conference hare agreed to
recommend, and do recommend to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tli e amendment of the Senate and agree to the same
"With the following amendment: in lieu of the words
stricken oat by said amendment insert the following
word?:
]Am Navy pensions of widows, children, mothers,
fathers, brothers, and sisters of sailors and marine"!,
as provided by acts of August, 11, 1848, July 14, 1802,
July 25, 18GG, and July 27, ]8G8, $-334,475: Provided,
That the Xavy pensions shall be paid from the Navy
pension lund, and hereafter it shall be the duty ol
the Secretary of 1 he Navy annually to submit to Con-
gress estimates ot the claims and demands chargeable
upon and payable out of the naval pension tund, and
no payment shall bemade therefrom except upon ap-
propriation madeby Congress: And provided further,
That ail amount sufficient to pay the expenses of fur-
nishing artificial limbs for soldiers and sailors, pro-
vided for by the act approved June 17, 1870, may be
paid out of the appropriations made by this act.
And the Senate agree to the same.
W. 11. IiELSEY,
BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,
W. E. NIBLACK,
Man an err, on the part of the House,
h. M. MORRILL,
J. W. NO,
JOHN P. STOCKTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was concurred in.
. Mr. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was concurred in; and
aiso moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] to
offer a resolution, on the condition that it does
not occupy time.
PAY OF CONTESTANTS.
Mr. STEVENSON. The resolution which
I offer and send to the desk, I desire only to
say, has the unanimous approval of the entire
Committee of Elections, being fifteen in num-
ber ; and this is the last of the Louisiana cases.
The Clerk read as follows :
Itexolved, That Adolphe Bailey having prosecuted
his claim for a seat in this House as a Representa-
tive from the third district of Louisiana in good
faith, and with probable cause, holding the certifi-
cate of election trom tho Governor, there shall be
paid to him out of tho contingent fund of the House
the sum of $4,000 in full for his expenses in prose-
cuting the same.
Mr. WARD. I object.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I move to sus-
pend the rules, in order to bring the resolution
before the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope, before the gen-
tleman makes that motion, he will allow to be
iuc'uded in it the resolution for the payment
of Mr. Tucker. Let the two be put together.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have no objection to
that, and include in the motion to suspend the
rules the following resolution:
Unsolved, That there be paid to George Tucker,
contestant in tho contested-election ease from the
fourth district of Virginia, out of the contingent
fund of the House of Representatives, the sum of
$2,000, in full for his expenses in said eontest.
And on the two resolutions together I move
the suspension of the rules.
On suspending the rules, there were—ayes
103, noes 13.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended, and the reso-
lutions were agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, I ask consent to present
a report.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I think the proceedings
in the case of Patrick Woods ought not to be
interrupted by other business.
The SPEAKER. They cannot be except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Very well; let
us go on with this police court matter.
PATRICK WOODS.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the Committee on the Judiciary in
the case of Patrick Woods.
Mr. BUTLEIt, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say that 1 agree, as one of the Committee on
the Judiciary, with eveiy portion of the leport
of that committee save one. I am fully and
thoroughly convinced that the respondent at
the bar committed an unprovoked assault on
Mr. Porter knowing him to be a member of
Congress, and because he v/as a member of
Congress, and that the assault would have gone
to the length of ail attempt to kill if it had not
been prevented. I agree that Mr. Poiiter at
(hat moment was under the protection ofthis
House, being absent on leave and about return-
ing to it. Now, the only question upon which I
disagree with the committee is as to the length
of time, which they have thought proper to rec-
ommend for the imprisonment of the respond-
ent at the bar. I am very clear, sir, that this
House has the power to imprison until the 4th
day of next March, during its whole lifetime,
and I think no longer. I only regret that the
power of the House is so inadequate to give
that punishment which this crime deserves. I
agree also that we are not here to punish the
assault and wrong as a breach of the peace of
the Commonwealth of Virginia. That they
must take care of for themselves. But I can-
not forget that for the breach of the peace of
the Commonwealth of Virginia, to vindicate
her dignity and power, her statute has fixed a
period of punishment in the penitentiary of
three years for this felonious assault. The
only question is whether when we are under-
taking to vindicate the dignity of the United
States, as represented by the House of Repre-
sentatives, we shall be content with three
months.
Now, sir, it is objected to us here that it may
not be perfectly clear that Patrick Woods knew
that Mr. Porter was a member of Congress.
The evidence all goes in the direction of show-
ing that he did. But suppose he did not know
the fact, he must take the consequences of his
own illegal act. Let me give an illustration.
Suppose Patrick Woods had set lire to a dwell-
ing* house, not knowing that anybody wasin it,
and in the burningdown of that dwelling-house
he had burned up a child in the upper chamber
thereof, and it could be shown beyond all ques-
tion that he did not know the child was in the
upper chamber. By every law, human or
divine, I ever heard of, in countries civilized
or uncivilized, he could be held to answer for
murder as well as arson ; so that the mere fact
of knowledge might not be as necessary as it
might at first seem. But if it were necessary,
it is found in the fact that the accused ap-
proached Mr. Porter, called him by name,
and asked him to take a drink with him. When
Mr. Porter courteously, very courteously de-
clined, the respondent then followed along
beside him, and struck him a blow without the
slightest provocation. It was a murderous
blow, and then when it was attempted to arrest
him he said he would kill the d—d Radical.
Now, can it be for a moment supposed that he
knew him, knew his polities, giving that on the
spot as his only motive, and that he did not
assault him because he was a member of Con-
gress, a Republican member of Congress ?
The question then.comes to be, what shall
be the extent of the punishment? You will
remember, sir, that this contempt of author-
ity, contempt of power, has always been very
severely punished. You will remember, sir,
that an alfray even within the precinct of the
palace yard as between two private persons
cost the affrayer his right hand. Now, what
shall it cost a man who strikes a Represent-
ative of the sovereign power of the people for
the purpose of preventing his ability-to exer-
cise that power which is confided to him as a
Representative? What are we to punish? We
are to punish an assault upon the Congress of
the United States; no more and no less ; an
assault upon the sovereign power of the Uni-
ted States and of the people of the United
States, whose privileges are invaded by the
assault upon one of its Representatives. How
can the proper sense of indignation be visited
upon that man for this assault by a simple
imprisonment for three months? Why, sir, if
we publish it. to the world, publish it to the
South, that a man who may desire to commit
a murderous assault upon a Radical member
of Congress can only be punished with three
months' imprisonment, you send out a license
in the coming elections into every State in the
South for men to commit assaults like this.
It is in evidence that Patrick Woods received
great sympathy among the people of Virginia,
because he had for four years borne the colors
of the first Virginia regiment, and had been a
soldier in the confederate cause. Now, I would
not punish him or imprison him one second on
that account, excepting so far as this man's
previous life had taught him lawlessness and
enmity to the Government ol'the United States,
and a determination to carry out his hostility
to that Government. So far as that is con-
cerned I think it is but just to look at this fact
as an impelling motive. He had fought for
four years against the Government; he had
forfeited his life to that Government; the clem-
ency of that Governmentwas extended to him;
and while he was living under that clemency
he raised his hand, as a part of the war he had
been carrying on, against a Representative of
that Government.
But there is another fact which comes in
here, and which I desire the House to remem-
ber ; and that is, that at the very moment
Patrick Woods committed that assault ho was
a detective policeman—not an ordinary rounds-
man or patrolman, but a detective, a trusted
policeman of the city of Richmond, appointed
by the mayor ; and being an officer especially
charged with the conservation of the peace, he
was the man who ought to have rushed first to
protect Mr. Porter, and on whom Mr. Por-
ter had a right to call; and yet he was the man
who committed the assault!
Let me say here that he had not even the
ordinary excuse —which, however, would be
no justification—that he was drunk. It is in
evidence that he had not been drinking to any
excess. His companions, who gave evidence
to exculpate him, said that they never saw him
drunk, never saw him in liquor before, and
never knew of his drinking ; and they made a
very poor show in endeavoring to say that he
was in liquor at the time of the assault, whila
the mayor of Richmond, who v/as called to
him one hour after the affray, said that he
observed no signs of liquor upon him. The
universal testimony of all the witnesses who
appeared at the summons of your committee,
and not for the defense, agreed to the fact that
there were no signs of liquor upon him. Wo
have, therefore, a case of an unprovoked and
murderous assault upon a member e£ Can-
