4312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10;
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be laid aside.
bejpeal of certain laws.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 301) for the' repeal of certain laws
therein named.
Mr. TIPTON. I object to that bill. We can-
not understand what it is from such a title as
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will be passed over.
treaty with the ciierokees.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 681) to provide for carrying into effect
provisions of a treaty concluded between the
United States and the Cherokee nation of
Indians, July 19, 18G6.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will be passed over.
district supreme court.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 491) relating to the supreme court of
the District of Columbia.
Mr. FOWLER. I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why notlet it be passed
if we are going to pass anything to-night?
Mr. FOWLER. I withdraw the objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It declares
the several general terms and special terms of
the circuit courts, district courts, and criminal
courts, authorized by the act approved March
8, 1863, entitled "An act to reorganize the
courts in the District of Columbia, and for
other purposes." which have been or may be
held, severally, terms of the supreme court of
the District of Columbia; and the judgments,
decrees, sentences, orders, proceedings, and
acts of the general terms, special terms, cir-
cuit courts, district courts, and criminal courts
heretofore or hereafter rendered, made, or had,
are to be deemed judgments, decrees, sen-
tences, orders, proceedings, and acts of the
supreme court; but nothing contained in this
bill is to affect the right of appeal as provided
by law.
By the second section the supreme court
of the District of Columbia is hereafter to
consist of a chief justice and four associate
justices; and-for this purpose there is to be
appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, an additional
justice of the court, with the like powers, to
take the same oaths, to perform the same duties,
and to reccive the same salary as the other
associate justices of the court.
The third section provides that whenever, at
a session of the court in general term held by
four of the justices, the court shall be equally
divided in opinion upon the question involved
in any case argued or submitted to the court,
such division of opinion is to be noted upon
the minutes of the court; and thereupon, and
within four days thereafter, either party in such
cause may file with the clerk of the court a
motion in writing to have such cause reargued
before the five justices ; and such reargntnent
or rehearing is to be had as soon thereafter as
conveniently may be.
By the fourth section all the powers and
jurisdiction by law now held and exercised by
the orphans' court of Washington county, in
the District of Columbia, are hereafter to be
held and exercised by the justice holding the
special term of the supreme court for that pur-
pose, subject always to the same provisions as
are contained in the fifth section of the act of
Congress entitled "An act to reorganize the
courts in the District of Columbia, and for
other purposes," approved March 8, 1863.
The fifth section abolishes the orphans' court
of Washington county, District of Columbia;
and all laws and parts of laws relating to the
orphans' court, so far as they are applicable
to the supreme court, are continued in force
in respect to the supreme court; and all other
laws and parts of laws relating to the orphans'
court are repealed.
Mr. FOWLER. I renew the objection to
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will be passed over.
neutrality.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 368) making it a misdemeanor to fit
out or equip ships of war, or to sell or furnish
arms or munitions of war, with intent that
they shall be employed in the service of any
foreign prince or State to commit hostilities
against the people of any province, district, or
colony who are in a state of armed insurrection
against such foreign prince or State, and pro-
viding for the forfeiture of such ship or vessel.
Mr. WILSON. Let that be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being ob-
jected to, the bill will be passed over.
spirits in warehouses.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 179) for extending
time for the withdrawal of spirits from distillery
warehouses.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is an adverse re-
port on that bill.
Mr. HOWELL. Let it be indefinitely post-
poned.
Mr. THURMAN. The report of the com-
mittee was adverse, but the Senator from Del-
aware who is not now present [Mr. Bayard]
desires to discuss it; and I suggest that the
resolution be laid over.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I was about to make the
same suggestion. I think it had better go over
until the Senator from Delaware is present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the joint resolution will be passed
over.
james 31. kllison
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 018) for the relief of James M. Ellison.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It proposes
to refer the claim of James M. Ellison against
the United States for his property, which he
alleges was seized by the troops and military
authorities of the United States, at or near
the town of Williamsburg, in the county of
James City, in the State of Virginia, in the
years 1862, 1863, and 1864, and used by the
troops and military authorities, consisting of
houses of various descriptions, lumber, fenc-
ing, fire-wood, cut and corded, horses, mules,
wagon, harness, and portable steam saw-mill,
to the Court of Claims, which is vested with
jurisdiction in the premises, and whose duty
it is to be to investigate and determine what
amount of property belonging to him was actu-
ally taken and used by the troops and military
authorities, and the value thereof, and whether
the United States are liable to make compensa-
tion therefor, and if so, the amount of compen-
sation, on the principles of justice and equity.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that had better go
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ramsey
in the chair.) Being objected to, the bill will
be passed over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that we
have sat here about long enough going over
this Calendar, and I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at nine
o'clock and fifty-eight minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 10, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
judicial districts in florida.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, with the recommendation that it do not
pass, the bill (S. No. 630) to consolidate the
northern and southern judicial districts in the
State of Florida; and the same was laid on
the table.
Mr. MERCUR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table ; an,d
also moved that the motion to reconsider.be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
j. allen porter.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the bill (S.
No. 347) for the relief of J. Allen Porter,
There was no objection; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table and read a
first and second time.
The bill directs that there be paid to J. Allen
Porter, sole heir of thglate William L. Porter,
lieutenant fifth United States cavalry, tho pay
of an assistant adjutant general of volunteers,
from November 10, 1864, the date of his
muster-out as first lieutenant fifty-sixth Ohio
volunteers, to May 1, 1865, the date of his
appointment as captain and assistant adjutant
general of volunteers; he having been on duty
at headquarters department of the Cumber-
land during such interval in that capacity.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the gentleman from
Indiana propose to put this bill on its passage
now?
Mr. HOLMAN. Ido, unless it is objected to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then 1 move that the bill
be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
chedits to prisoners tor good behavior.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the bill (S. No.
554) to regulate credits to prisoners for good
behavior.
There was no objection; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table and read a
first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
read a third time.
The bill provides that prisoners who are
now or who may hereafter be confined in
prisons of any of the States, as punishment
for crimes of which they have been convicted
and sentenced by courts of the United States,
shall hereafter be entitled to the same system
of credits for good behavior as other prisoners
confined in the same prison. It further pro-
vides that hereafter the act approved March
2, 1807, entitled "An act in relation to persons
imprisoned under sentence for offenses against
the United States," is only to apply to such
persons as are confined in prisons where no
credits for good behavior are allowed.
Tho bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. DAVIS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bili was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adrian soldiurs' monument association.
Mr. BEAMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 324)
granting condemned guns to the Soldiers' Mon-
ument Association at Adrian, Michigan ; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the joint reso
lution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of War to turn over to the Soldiers' Monument
Association of Adrian, Michigan, four pieces
of condemned iron or bronze guns on hand,
unfit for any purpose, for ornamentation of the
soldiers' monument grounds.
The joint resolution was ordered to bo en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
