1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
I have said, Mr. President, about all I cared
• to say, and more than I should have said but
for the note of alarm that has been sounded
in the country that the Judiciary Comttiittee of
the Senate'of the United States had reported
a bill calculated to break down the independ-
ence of the judiciary. It- will be seen when
you come to scan and analyze this bill that it
does no such thing. It declares nothing more
than the Supreme Court itself has over and
over again decided, and takes away this doubt-
ful power which they have exercised by con-
struction, under the fourteenth section of the
judiciary act of 1789, in a very limited class of
cases.
Can one tell me why the Supremo Court of
the United States should havejiowerto review
the decision made by Judge Hoffman in Cali-
fornia, in remanding a prisoner to jail if he
made it on the bench and while sitting as a
court, but should have no power to review his
decision in a like case made as a judge and
out of court? Should not the law be uniform
in this respect? Is the decision of the judge
off the bench, at his chambers, and in vaca-
tion more sacred than that which he makes
solemnly in court? Andyet it is not pretended
by anybody that the Supreme Court of the
United States could bring before it for review
the decision of a judge, or even of a United
States commissioner, committing a person to
prison. Why, then, should it have the power
to do it when the judge commits as a court?
I submit the amendment which I have sent to
the Clerk's table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment will bo read.
The Secretary. ,In the second section of the
amendment reported by the committee, after
the word "suspended," in the thirty-fifth line,
it is proposed to insert:
And no justice of tho Supremo Court, nor judge of
any circuit or district court of the United States,
shall in any case issuo a writ of habeaa corpm lo in-
quire into tho cause of commitment, oxcept in the
circuit or district court to which ho is allotted or of
which ho is judge.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I am earn-
estly in favor of the bill under discussion, but
the subject which was before the Senate during
the morning houris in myjudgment of pressing,
immediate importance. Ready at all times
to unite with the honorable chairman of the
Judiciary Committee in the support and pas-
sage of this bill of which he has charge, 1 yet
feel it my duty to move that the consideration
of the pending bill and all prior orders be post-
poned for the purpose of taking up the bill
which was under discussion when the morning
hour expired, relating to the reconstruction of
Georgia.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Senator
from Nebraska moves that the pending and all
prior orders be postponed for the purpose of
resuming the consideration of the bill in regard
to Georgia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that, we
had better finish this bill. This bill I slated
was considered very important by some of the
departments of the Government, and I wish
my friends who are pressing to bring up the
Georgia matter to reflect for a moment tiiat a
state of things may arise which may produce
infinite trouble in Georgia which would be
avoided by the early passage of the bill under
consideration. I do not know that any such
case will arise, but other departments of the
Government regard it as of very great import-
ance that the bill under consideration should
be promptly and early acted upon.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of tho hon-
orable Senator from Illinois whether the inti-
mation he has just expressed points to an inter-
ference by the Supreme Court of the United
States with the progress of the government in
Georgia ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no information
that the Supremo Court of the United States
is about to interfere with the government of -
Georgia ; but I have information that attempts
are being made to bring before that court
questions which might complicate reconstruc-
tion.
Mr. DRAKE. And now, Mr. President,
here is produced in the Chamber of the Senate
of the United States again, as it has been done
repeatedly before, that there sits in another
room in this Capitol a tribunal that is to be
appealed to as superior to- the Congress of the
United States. The thing, sir, that led me
first to deny the right of that tribunal to super-
vise our legislation was that a Senator of the
United States stood here on the night of the 8th
of February last, in the very spot 1 now occupy,
and shaking his fist before the Senate of the
United States told them that but for the repeal
of the act allowing the habeas corpus to be
issued by that court that tribunal would have
decided .all our reconstruction acts unconsti-
tutional and void 
The VICE PRESIDENT. As the Senator
from Missouri has now stated his point, the
Chair must remind the Senate of the eleventh
rule, which forbids debate on the merits of
questions proposed to be considered when the
pending question is on taking them up.
Mr. DRAKE. lam not debating the merits
of the question, Mr. President, as I supposed ;
but in one word more I shall close. I do not
wish under any circumstances to be out of order,
but I wish the Senate and tho country to see
the point which is urged by the Senator from
Illinois to prevent taking up the Georgia bill.
Mr. MORTON. There is, as we understand,
a pressing necessity for the settlement of the
Georgia question before the adjournment of
Congress for the holidays. There cannot,
I imagine, be any very strong necessity for
immediate action on this judiciary bill. The
Supreme Court will adjourn this week until the
20th of January. There is no case, as we are
assured by tho chairman of the committee,
pending before the Supreme Court at this time
to be affected by the passage of this bill. II®
also assures us tiiat it presents no new question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from In-
diana will allow me to say that I have received
information since I closed my remarks that I
did not know of when I commenced them that
another case is pending from Texas. I was
not aware of that facl when I spoke.
Mr. MORTON. The Supreme Courtadjourns
this week and will not meet again till a period
subsequent to the reassembling of Congress.
There can, therefore, be no immediate necessity
for action upon this hill, and I am sure, from
what. 1 know, that it cannot bo passed through
to-day. But there are, as we ail understand,
cogent, reasons why the Georgia question should
be settled before the adjournment over the holi-
days. I earnestly hope, then, without intend-
ing to prejudice at all the bill of the Senator
from Illinois, that the Georgia bill will now be
taken up and pressed forward to completion.
Mr. SUMNI5R. Mr. President 
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
stated the rule. _ This debate appears to be
proceeding, and if no Senator objects the Chair
will understand that it goes on by the unani-
mous consent of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that the
rule excludes a Senator from stating concise
reasons why one measure rather than another
should be proceeded with ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
read the rule of the Senate :
" And motions to take up or proceed to the consid-
eration of any question ahull Lo determined without
debate upon the merits of the question proposed to
be considered."
Mr. SUMNER. 11 Without debate upon the
merits of the question."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state what he inferred that meant.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg pardon.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The words " with-
out debate onthemerits of the question " seem
to narrow the limits of debate upon it very
materially, indeed, and very closely. Iti the
first place, it must be without debate on the
merits of the question ; that is, whether it is
meritorious to be taken up and considered, or
whether it is not, if the Chair understands the
meaning of the words' of the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. The Chair will pardon me
if I suggest that the meaning of the rale is
that there should be no general debate, no gen-
eral discussion on what are called tho merits
of the question ;• but I have always understood
that one might concisely state the difference
between two questions and the reasons why one
should be proceeded with rather than another.
And now, with the permission of the Chair,
if I do not take too great a liberty, I will state
very concisely why I think we should proceed
at this time with the Georgia bill rather than
the other; and I begin by expressing my inter-
est in the bill of the Senator from Illinois.
Indeed, I originated that bill in this Chamber
this session, and the report on which we are
now acting is founded upon a bill presented by
me. I shall not disown it; I am anxious for
its passage; but I believe that the urgency of
this measure is not so great as the urgency of
the other measure. I cannot believe that the
Supreme Court will not take.notice of theso
proceedings in the Senate and govern them-
selves accordingly. I believe they will not act
precipitately during the pendency of this ques-
tion. Therefore, I am disposed for the present
to put aside the bill relating to the appellate
jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, and to pro-
ceed with this other bill, which surely must be
disposed of before the holidays, and the sootier
it is disposed of the better.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate were
about dividingon the motion ofthe Senatorfrom
Nebraska, which is to postpone the present and
all prior orders for the purpose of considering
the Georgia bill.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 2G, noes I'd,
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the yeas and nay3.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri demands the yeas and nays.
Mr. DRAKE. I withdraw the call.
Tiie VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri withdraws the call for the yeas
and nays; is it renewed?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I renew it.
The yeas and nays we re ordered ; and being
taken resulted—yeas 31, nays 20 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Carpenter. Chandler, Colo, Conkling,
Wiake, teuton, Gilbert, Kellogg, Morton, Patterson,
romovoy, Pratt, Ramsey, Kice, ltobcrtson, ]lo*s,
Sawyer, Sehilrz, Seott, Sherman, Stewart,, Sumner,
Thayer. Warner, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—31.
XAYcJ^AIessrs. Anthony, Iiayard, Casserly, Cat-
tell, Cragiii, Dans, Edmunds,i'orry, Fowler, Hamil-
ton, JJartan, Howard, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Norton, Saulsbury, Stockton, Thurman,
Trumbull, and Viekers—20.
A33SEKT—Messrs. Cameron, Oorbett, Hamlin,
Harris. Howe, McCrocry. McDonald, Jfyo, Osborn,
lJool, Bpencei, Spiaguo, Tipton, and Yates—11.
So the motion was agreed to.
statu of georgia.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No,
281) to perfect the reconstruction ofthe State
of Georgia, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Moktox, to strike out the
eighth section of the amendment reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary and to insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That the Legislature shall be provisional only and
until it has ratified tho fourteenth and titteenth
amendments to the Constitution of the United States,
and Senators and Representatives in Congress from
tho State of Georgia have been admitted to their
seats.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On this question
the_ Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mortox] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORTON. I had about concluded the
remarks I intended to make.
Mr. CARPENTER. I cannot _ permit the
question to be taken in the attitude in which the
Senator from Indiana has left it, which would
seem to represent me ns differing with him on
the merits of some of the questions involved in
