1870.
THE COttGBBSSl&Sri?/ 'CttMl.
3369
of Birch vessels, there shall be allowedand paid
bv the Secretary of the Treasury under Such
regulations as he may prescribe, a rebate or
drawback equal to the duties which may have
been paid on such material; provided that
where American material is used in the con-
struction of iron, steel, or composite vessels or
steamers, there shall.be allowed and paid, as
aforesaid, an amount equivalent to the duties
imposed on similar articles of foreign manu-
facture when imported.
The second section provides that all ship
stores and coal to be used and consumed by
an? vessel on its voyage from any port of the
United States to any foreign port may, in such
quantity and under such regulations as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may prescribe, be taken
in whole packages in bond and disposed of for
such purposes free of import and internal duty
and tax.
The third section provides that tne owner of
any American registered sail or steam vessel
which shall be engaged for more than six
months in the year in the carrying tradfe be-
tween American aud foreign ports or between
the ports of foreign countries shall, at the end
of each fiscal year iti which such vessel has been
so engaged, be paid by the collector of the port
where such vessel is registered, upon exhibit*
iii  satisfactory evidence, in form to be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, that
such vessel has been so engaged, upon every
sail vrssel $1 80 For each registered ton; ana
upon every steamer miming to and from the
ports of the North American provinces, $1 00
for each registered ton ; aud upon every steamer
running to and from any Huropean port, four
dollars for each registered ton; and upon every
steamer running to and from all other foreign
ports, three dollars for each registered ton.
The fourth seetion provides that in lieu of
all duties oft tdrinage now imposed by law a
duty of thirty cents per ton is hereby imposed
on all ships^ vessels, or steamers entered in
the United States from foreign ports, but the
receipts of vessel paying such tax shall not be
subject to the tax provided in section one hun-
dred and three of an act approved Jane 30,
1SG4. nor by an^ adt afnendatory thereof; pro-
vided that ships, vessels, or steamers em-
ployed regularly in trade between ports of the
United States and Mexico and ports south of
Mexibo dortn to and including Aspinwall and
Panama, and ports of the British North Amer-
ican provinces, and with the West India Islands,
and no oiher trades, shall not be required to
pay the tonnage tax contemplated by this act
more than once in each fiscal year.
The fifth sectioii provides that the benefits
of this act shall not extend beyond the period
of ten years after the 1st day of July, 1870.
Mr. ALLISON. I raise the point of order
on this bill, that it ought to be considered in
Committee of the Whole. It, appropriates
money and imposes taxes.
The SPEAKER. Upoti what part of the
bill does the gentleman make his point?
Mr. ALLISON. Upon the first section, the
third section, and the fourth section. I under-
stand, however, that the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lykch] desires to niake some remarks on
the bill. I am willing, therefore, to waive my
point for the present, but desire to reserve it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules ihe
point of order tiport the well-established con-
struction that fi'O bill is liable to Such a point
of order unless by its own force it takes money
out of the Treasury. This bill provides how
money may be taken out of the Treasury; but
a separate appropriation would be necessary
in order to do so.
Mr. ALLISON. The Chair will allow me
'o call his attention to the fact that the fourth
section provides for a tax of thirty cents per
ton upon all ships or vessels I believe that
tax lulls must be considered in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. COX. I hope my friend from Iowa
[Mr. AtttSW} Will not prefes'.Ws crbj&b'tibh
now. Let the gentleman from Maine be heard.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not press it now if it
can be reserved.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman froitt Towa
reserves the right to raise the point of order.'
Mr. LYNCH. If the point of order* should
be sustained I have another bill to offer; but
I prefer that the point should be reserved.
The SPEAKER. The point will be reserved
and the gentleman from Maine will now pro-
ceed with his remarks. '
Mr. LYNCH. Before gotng otV I desire t6
ask the unanimous consent of the House for
an extension of tny time fifteen lirtjnut^' be-
yond the hour.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope there will bB fro
objection to that. 1
The SPEAKER. Thfe Ch&ir hears ho ob-
jecti jn, and the getitleman frdm Maine! will be
allowed to occupy one hour and fifteen itjiriutes
to day, irrespective Of the termination,df the
morning hour.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, the coifcnittHrf&l
marine of our country has al#aysbe'en regarded
as one of the chief sources of ohr power; one nf
the mainsprings of our prosperity, and our most
efficient fneans of national defence. As SiicH
it was watched and guarded with jeilous' Care
by the early statesmen of the country; ~ arid
under the wise policy adopted by thorn with
regard to it at the formation of tbfe Govern-
ment, and steadily adhered to since, uu,de;r
whatever changes of administration, it grew so
rapidly thatin little more than half a cetjtury
we had placed ourselves in the very foremost
rank of maritime nations—standing in 1860
side by aide with Great Britain and disputing
with her for the Sovereignty of the seas. .The
earnest discussion by the public press , of all
measures proposed for restoring our Com-
merce ; the messages of the President ^ricl the
reports of the Secretaries of the Treasury and
Navy eallingthe attention of Congress to.it:
the appointtaent by this House of a special
committee to iavestigata its. conditiou and the
causes of its decline, a,nd to report measures
Calculated to revive arid restore it, attest the
regard in which this great interest is still held,
arid is evidence that although for a tlrhfe neg-
lect^ while blip distracted and shattered coun-
try was being reorganized and reconstructed)
its importance has not been lost Sight-of rioi
its value undereatimated. '
It would be Unnecessary repetition to detail
all the causes of the deelihe of bur ocean corrj'
iaerce, or,rather the decadence—-I had almost
said the annihilation—of our shipping engaged
in the foreign commerce of-the country and thft
world, these details havinjpoeen minutely'eet
forth in the report aubtnitted with, the bills
under consideratiod. The fact that ©or ship'
ping&is been reduced to its present deplorable
condition through the unfriendly action of a
rival commercial nation at a time when w&
were nht in a.condition to defend-it is too
deeply graven upon the American mind to be'
forgotteb by the present generation. And tli<3
national pride inspired by the recollection of
this fact will, I trust, impel us to an effort
worthy of a great people to regain our lost
position, and that, too, with the least possible
depehdence upon that nation which haa for iti
own advantage despoiled as. . i.:
I believe, sir, that there is a very earnest
feeling among the American people,- confined
to no section of the country ^ but- pervading *U
classes and all parties, that our present posi-
tion as a maritime nation is not only unprofit^
able and unnecessary, but■ under <all- the-cir-
cumstances positively disgraceful.: And I7
believe there is a determination *hicb will-
manifest itself in our action here when the
measures now under consideration come tt> be
passed upon, to regain our power and prestiga
on the ocean.at whatever cost.' The loss of
our commerce'Was our misfortune ;• our failure1
to regain it, if we do failr will be our fan It.
5f hhl hwai'e' thkt' H is less difficult fa ascer-
'tttlti"the fact:of th'e IdsSof'our shipping and
boiht out the causes which have produced that
loss than to prescribe and apply the means ne-
cessary to retrieve it. But I think I am safe
ihi saying, and an examination of the evi-
dence taken by the committee will sustain the
assertion, that there has never been any im-
portant measures proposed to Congress for ifs
action, affectib<* any leading interest of the
country upon which there has been expressed
.stich ti unanimity 6f opinion among those
havitig a practical knowledge of the subject as
with reference to those under discussion.
The testimony taken' by the committee, and
'submitted to the House with its report, em-
Wafcesthe evidence of iberchants, ship-owners,
iand ship builders, taken in four of the com-
mercial cities of the country, with letters from
leading men of the same classes in all sections
of thecbuntry, and also from American consuls
at the principal commercial ports of the world,
representing Republicans and Democrats, pro-
tectionists' dtid free-traders; and, as I have
said, -therd is frearly a unanimous agreement
bf opinidft that substantially such measures
as*hav£ befeii prbpdfeed would, if adopted, ac-
COtiipljsh -tnii desired object; tlnd that such
meatrat'e* tfiight td be adopted.
4 T-hd'6bjebt 6f-th& bill under consideration
t  ihdiCjated by.it& title, " to revive the naviga-
tion Artd1 t'Oridtii^rijlgil 'interests of the United
Sfett.es," and the justice arid policy of enacting
it are perhaps as well stated ill the preamble
as I ban -express th«4a : 11 • 1'
''WlieVetis theinfettiaritflo msirine of ihe country was
neatly destroyed during fcho lfttd rebellion in conas-
flu^aoe of tbt-inability of theGovernment to protect
it, and now while bearing i)a> absvro of- taxation, liqt
lift pucli prot'efctirth from foreign competition as is
afforded to oth«r greai national interests and indus-
tries, an&istliorqfure3tendilydeolimng; andwhereai
the restoration of 0(it commercial mariao, constitut-
ing as it ddfes- the moit efficient means of de-
fense lu tim-kof wiu\ is of-feredt:natiofial importance
and euSeutiiU (0 the laMnfeut.qe* of our position at
a nrst-ol^ssJPower, .
Ib order to secure tikese. objects thebill pro-
frides for a drawback equivalent to the ditties
an all imported* material used in tha Construe*
tioa of vessels built-in the U«ited States*, and
ivheb.American material is uied in the con-
struction of iron vefesfels, th& payment of an
amount equivalent to the duties ; the with-
drawal in bond of storts for consumption oti
voyage* to foreign ports^ and the payment of a
smajl anhual subsidy to vessels engaged in the
foreignitrade. It also provides by section four
a tax upon all tonnage engaged- in- the foreign
trado. .
The provisions 'in thp bill allowing a rebate
or drawback of the dutiea oa imported mate-
rial used in the eonstmotion of vessels^ and
providing for withdrawing from b6nd -stores to
be used by vessels pn foreign voyages; are annl-
ogoua. to those of existing laws as applied to
merchandise exported, and are the -sa?ne as
are in force in, all maritime countries except
our own. An Ameridan vessel erigiged in the
foreign trade is the same as exported when she
passes dut of the country, and, although ex-
pected tO'return again,: returns only as the for-
eign ship enters, to again depart. The foreign
fehip payfe no.duty upon' her valu on entering
our ports; for t.he reason that it is merchandise
which is to be reexported. There is no good
reason wfyy the same principle should not. apply
to the American ship when exported so far as to
allow b. drawback on everything which'haS been
used in 'her construction and which -has paid
adutyj . -
<As the CaSe now Stiirds we ekact of 'the
American sbip-buildfer duties on all the rfidte-
rial used in tile construction of hrs'ship, atid
all(5% the foreign ship-builder to work up the
Sa'fne material, with foreign labor in a foreign
country, ttftd bring his Vessel all finished into
the United States free of all duty. ' It is true
the'vessel is; so to s^eak, to be reexported,
but precisely the same as the imported mate
