1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
41st Cong...,2d Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Beatty.
Ho. of Reps.
they now comprise about thirty acres, and are
well improved and ornamented. There is no
pressing necessity, no necessity at all, for more
room. Any expenditure for this purpose would
only gratify our tastes, and possibly add a little
to our convenience, or minister, to our pride.
This, however, is not, in my judgment, what
the people ought to be taxed for. They are
willing to be taxed to pay the national debt
and the necessary expenditures of the Govern-
ment. No people ever submitted more cheer-
fully to all the burdens incident to a war than
our people have done. These burdens must
continue for many years, and because they must
be borne, and are cheerfully borne bv a patri-
otic and honest people, we should add as little
to them as possible.
1 do not propose to discuss ir. this connec-
tion the question of the removal of the national
capital; I prefer to put my opposition to these
expenditures upon the broad ground of econ-
omy alone. I will say, however, that if those
who advocate these expenditures believe that,
the erection of another public building here
will change public sentiment upenthat subject
in any degree, they are mistaken. An attempt
in this manner to forestall public sentiment
will be a failure. It will more probably result
in an increased agitation of the question.
Whenever the people of the United States
make up their minds, as I think they will ere
long do, that the capital should be removed to
a central locality, a building or two more or
less in this city will not prevent the consum-
mation of their wishes.
I trust, sir, that the amendments to which I
have referred, and all others which are f-imilar
in their nature, may be non-concurred in, and
that the House will insist upon and firmly
adhere to its position.
legislative, etc., Appropriation Bill.
HEMAfcKS OF HON. JOHN BEATTY,
OF OHIO,
Is the House of Representatives,
June 11, 1870,
On the bill (II. R. No. 974) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June30,1871.
Mr. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, on the 18th
of January last, when the House had under
consideration the bill for the transfer of the
Philadelphia navy-yard to League Island, the
able chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations [Mr. Dawes] made an earnest and elo-
quent appeal to gentlemen on this iloor to
assist him in lopping off unnecessary expenses
and reducing appropriations to the lowest pos-
sible amount. The House responded favorably
to this request, and seconded the efforts of
the gentleman from Massachusetts in this work
of economy, while the people of the entire
country approved his speech and applauded
that independence and fearlessness of spirit
which did not hesitate to expose and condemn
the errors of his own party, painful and morti-
fying as the task was, m order to prevent like
errors in the future.
We were told then that we could expect no
help in this work of retrenchment from the
other end of the Capitol, and that whatever
was accomplished in this direction must be
done by the House. The correctness of that
statement is unfortunately established by the
bill before us, which has been returned by the
Senate loaded down with increased appropria-
tions for old objects and large appropriations
for new; appropriations so largely increased,
and many of them for purposes so unnecessary,
that we are constrained to believe that to that
grave and reverend body "the appropriation
of money is the most gratifying employment in
the world."
Economy has been so often the theme of the
politician and the demagogue that our constit-
uents have, perhaps, good reason to suspect
whenever this subject is broached that it is
either the prelude to a demand for the extrav-
agant expenditure of public money or a bid
for the votes of honest men. The changes
have also been rung on it so frequently in this
House by men whose constitutional stinginess
leads them to oppose expenditures for even
necessary objects, that many gentlemen of lib-
eral ideas and generous instincts have, I fear,
come to regard the very word "economy" with
a feeling of contempt. The subject has got into
disrepute, has been belittled and disgraced by
being put to unworthy uses. I desire to say,
therefore, that in considering the action of the
Senate in connection with this bill, I am, I
trust, influenced by that higher and truer no-
tion of economy, which rejects alike the niggard-
liness of the miser and the senseless extrav-
agance of the spendthrift, and rests upon that
middle ground where honor, security, and
thrift may be maintained. True economy, I
apprehend, demands that whatever is necessary
to do should be done well, and may justify,
nay, demand large appropriations, while it
may also be defied and outraged by very small
expenditures.
The majority of thfS House when consider-
ing this bill were, I believe, actuated by an
honest desire to make such liberal appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government as comported with
the dignity of a great nation ; they scrutinized
closely the various estimates presented, with a
view simply to granting all that was necessary
and no more. It did not occur to us that this
was a proper time to add to the number of
Government employes, or to increase the sala-
ries of officers, or to send expeditions to remote
and undiscovered sections of the globe, or to
enter upon any work involving the expenditure
of large sums of money that might be post-
poned without detriment to the public service.
We were conscious that the country had but
recently been engaged in a great war ; that the
nation was bending beneath an enormous load
of debt; that our people were groaning under
a system of taxation which penetrated the low-
liest cabin, and levied contributions from the
beggar as well as the millionaire; that labor
was in too many sections but poorly paid, and
that industry was crying aloud for relief.
We knew that the men who gave us official
life were demanding a reduction of expendi-
tures, and we did not dare turn a deaf ear to their
timely and reasonable commands. We hoped
Senators would respond in the same spirit and
with the same alacrity to this prevailing and pre-
dominant desire of our constituents for retrench-
ment and reform ; but, unfortunately, they have
not. They propose to increase the salaries
of employes about this Capitol; they propose
to increase the pay of the Capitol police; they
propose to increase the compensation of sec-
retaries, clerks, and assistants in the Treasury
and other Departments of the Government;
they propose to raise the salaries of the judges
of the Supreme Court from $6,000 to §10,000,
and add fifty per cent, to the salaries of the
judges of the circuit courts. In short, they
propose to make a total increase of salaries
amounting to over half a million dollars per
annum. They propose to go further, and appro-
priate $500,000 to begin work oil a building
for the accommodation of the State, Navy, and
War Departments—an edifice which will cost
§6,000,000 to complete ; they propose to pro-
vide the entering wedge for an appropriation
of $2,000,000 for the extension and adornment
of the Capitol grounds, and cap the climax of
their extravagant legislation by a proposition
to appropriate $100,000, and therequisitenum- j
ber of United States vessels, to go in search j
of the north pole 1 1
At the risk of being reminded that "small
ideas and a great empire go ill together,'' I
submit that this is not the time to increase sala-
ries, build temples, purchase and adorn squares
for the gratification of the eye, or fit out expe-
ditions for voyages of discovery. There are
humbler and more necessary objects demand-
ing our care. The tax-paying farmers, mechan-
ics, and humble laborers of the land should
have our first attention, for they are the pro-
ducers of our wealth and the bulwark of our
safety. Liberal provisions, I grant, should be
made for the maintenance of the honor and
dignity of the nation; but, on the other hand,
I hold that ostentatious display should be
avoided, not only because it tends to exhaust
the Treasury, but because it is an indication
of corruption and weakness. It is the wealth
and power that we possess that secures against
insult and unjust exactions, and not the wealth
and power we have frittered away. The ser-
vants of the Republic, whether civil or mili-
tary, should receive fair compensation, but they
should be required to render honest service.
Republican simplicity and rigid exactness in
the administration of public affairs should be
the rule, not the exception.-
The sacred debt due to the disabled soldiers
and sailors, and to the families of those who
fell in the country's defense, should be paid to
the uttermost farthing, and every obligation of
the Government cheerfully met according to
the letter and spirit of the contract. Yet, it
should be borne in mind that the money re-
quired for these purposes, and for every other
purpose for which public money may be
expended, comes largely from those who labor
hard, live sparingly, and are compelled to
practice in private life the most rigid economy.
They have therefore no money to throw away
on idle or unnecessary officers ; on useless
edifices, or greedy speculators. The public
treasure, which we distribute by our appro-
priation bills, represents to some extent the
aggregate of their hard-earned contributio ns
to the nation's support, and should be guard-
ed by us as vigilantly as they watch over the
private purse.
We are rapidly approaching specie payments.
The power and value of our currency has in-
creased fifty per cent, since the war, and all the
necessaries and luxuries of life have dimin-
ished in the same ratio. The profits of the
farmer, mechanic, and laborer have receded to
the old level. A million soldiers have laid
down the musket and reenforced the workers
in all industries and professions, and the result
is a great reduction of salaries all over the
country. I insist, therefore, that this is not the
proper time to increase the pay of Government
empIoy6s or double the salaries of judges whose
term of office is for life, and for whose retire-
ment in old age Congress has already made
ample provision.
It is, I repeat, not only not the proper time
to do it, but it is absolutely wrong to do it; and
if this House consents it will violate the solemn
pledges made by us to the people in resolu-
tions of every convention, and reiterated in
every school district of the land.
The building which the Senate proposes
to commence, and toward which it appro-
priates $500,000 is designed to accommo-
date ultimately the State, War, and Navy
Departments. It will, when completed, cost
not less than $6,000,000, and if we concur in
the Senate amendments to this bill, we agree
substantially to enter upon a work at this
time which will increase the national debt or
the national taxes to that extent. The War
and Navy Departments are now very well pro-
vided for in buildings erected especially for
their use. The State Department, at moder-
ate rent, occupies a building owned by private
parties. It will be well at the proper time to
erect a permanent and suitable building for
