1482
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
lished by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
MungenJ I am sure that gentleman will not
himself object to having the Committee on the
Rules examine it; and I am sure the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will
not object to giving the gentleman from Ohio
a fair opportunity to explain what he meant.
The members of the House are not perhaps
possessed of the speech which has been so
harshly criticised by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. When that speech has been read
with proper explanations by the gentleman
from Ohio, perhaps the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts and the Committee on the Rules may
not deem it necessary to take any action or any
unfavorable action to the gentleman on the
resolution which has been offered. 1 think,
therefore, it is due to the House, due to the
freedom of debate, due to the right of repre-
sentation, that before this resolution shall go
to the Committee on the Kales, the gentleman
from Ohio, under a proper call to order for
irrelevant or other debate, should be heard in
reference to the speech which is so obnoxious
to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, if the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] had under-
stood what I said he would have found that
that was precisely what I proposed to do—to
yield to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mun-
gen.] I think the gentleman from New York,
1 think the gentleman from Ohio himself, will
say that the form in which I have put this
preamble and resolution is as little offensive
to the gentleman from Ohio and expressed with
as little severity as was possible to me in draw-
ing the proposition. I do not think the gen-
tleman from New York can say that I have
done more than my duty in calling the atten-
tion of the House to that remarkable speech.
1 do think that to have let it pass unnoticed
would have said in effect to the country that
there is nothing too improper or too indecent
for members to indulge in here in this House.
I think it due to the Speaker of the House,
who in this Globe which we talk of as going
down to posterity is held responsible to the
country for having enforced the rules or omit-
ted to enforce them during the delivery of a
speech which is going into the stereotype pages
of the Congressional Globe, that we should
make it appear in those pages that it was not
delivered in the House, that it was put into the
Globe by the indulgence of the House, in
ignorance of its contents, and that as soon as
the attention of the House was drawn to the
remarkable character of the speech the House
cautiously, with due regard to the freedom of
debate, inatructed their Committee on the Rules
to inquire whether it was not a violation of those
rules, and if so whether it deserved any action
of the House.
I now yield to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Mungen.]
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker, in one sense I
am very considerably obliged to the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
for giving me a little notoriety which otherwise
perhaps 1 would not have had. I am ready to
admit the truth of the gentleman's assertion,
that the speech in question was not delivered.
I know it was not delivered.
Mr. McGREW. Mr. Speaker, I shall insist
on order being observed during this debate.
The SPEAKER. The House will come to
order. Members standing will take their seats.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Mungen] will
suspend his remarks until the aisles are
cleared.
Mr. MUNGEN. I was about to say, Mr.
Speaker, that I freely admit the faet, which is
well known to the House, that the remarks
were not actually delivered here in the House.
I asked leave to print them. I say here to the
Speaker of the House, to every person within
the sound of my voice, that I had no intention
to violate the rules of this House, or be dis-
respectful to the Speaker or any member of
this Honse; and I defy the gentleman to point
out the passage in the speech that transgresses
in that respect. So much for that.
I want the Clerk to read just one paragraph
in that speech.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Bat there is another actor in this drama of perse-
cation and injustice—and if anything should appear
in my remarkswhich mightboinanysenseconstrued
to bo personal to the Massachusetts Senator, i beg to
assure the House that it does not refer to any act or
word of his in the Senate, but to his public lecture
and speeches in the northern cities—it is a Senator
who is well aware that the Cuban government, on
the 10th day of April, 1869, adopted a constitution
11 representative and republican in all its charactcris-
i; tics, the twenty-fourth article of which, when trans-
lated from the Spanish into English, reads in these
!' plain, brief words: 'All the inhabitants of Cuba are
, absolutely free.'"
Mr. MUNGEN. I said that much; I meant
that much. I mean it now. But I stand here
| as the representative of my constituency, and
demand the right of free speech nnder the Con-
stitution of the United States; and I do not
wish any man, whether from Massachusetts or
elsewhere, whether or not he be the personal
friend of the gentleman as whose advocate the
gentleman from Massachusetts appears here
to-day, to attempt to deprive me of the right to
discuss public questions. My remarks contain
] i no such foul, vulgar language as the gentleman
!, from Massachnsetts would have this House
i believe.
Is it a crime or a violation of the rules of this
House to allude to or quote from the classics?
| Is it a crime or a violation of the rules of the
House, or of the dignity of this body, that a
gentleman should quote from Gibbon? I have
in no place in that speech charged the Senator
; from Massachusetts, and if I have to allude to
I him now, as I may perhaps do, I do not refer
! to him as a Senator. I have in no place
charged him with anything of the kind that
the remarks of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] would imply. If the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, or his friend the
Senator, chooses to make an application of my
remarks, I am not to be held responsible for
it. I did not apply them. If my remarks fit
him, let him wear them; I did not ask him to
put them on. If I chose to accept the author-
ity of common report, I might say 
Well, Mr. Speaker, I will not go any further.
I was going to say something which I will not
say, because I do not wish to be called to order.
[Laughter.]
Talk about common propriety in this House!
i Does the gentleman recollect the disgraceful
■ scenes in this House in the Fortieth Congress,
when the Senate came over here to attend the
counting of the electoral votes? There are
I gentlemen on this floor who then used in the
1 Hall of this House, and in the presence of both
i branches of Congress, language which I wonld
| never have thought of using; vet those gen-
| tie men were not censured at all.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. And he was not cen-
sured.
Mr. MUNGEN. And he was not censured
at all. Does the gentleman from Massachu-
setts recollect the castigation which Tristam
Burges of Rhode Island gave John Randolph
of Roanoke? Mr. Barges was not called to
j order. He made the application of the point;
i he stated the fact. That is New England
; authority, and I plead the example of Tris-
! tarn Burges for anything I may have said.
' But will this House cut me off, gag me, pre-
vent me from discussing the doctrines of an
impertinent, pertinacious lecturer, who crams
: his theories, his illogical and damnable doc-
trines npon us on all occasions? Have I not
the right to discuss them when he is permitted
! | to discuss them in every direction ? I did not
|j refer to a single word in any speech made by
| { the Senator in the Senate. I was speaking,
and so stated, of his lectures in other places.
If the gentleman from Massachusetts is tender-
footed on it I cannot help it. What does he
do; what does this presumptuous gentleman,
this presumptuous lecturer and rhetorician
do? He put himself upas the god of morality,
;i and is taken as the god of morality by the
loyal party. I am aDemocrat. [Laughter.] I
fight him wherever I meet him—I mean polit-
ically speaking. We are at the antipodes. I
discussed his theories here. He boldly an-
nounces his theories, and I boldly announce
mine. I have avowed my opinions boldly
1 without any disrespect to the House.
What has he done? It is enough to refer
to his lecture on " Caste." It was to him in
that speech I alluded. He there referred to
the nobility of ancient Poland two hundred
years ago as what he denominates caste, and he
then refers to Russia of the present day as an
evidence of the progress of civilization. I have
looked at that, and I have spoken of it in my
speech. What is Russian civilization that the
gentleman has fallen in love with? A mon-
strous communism of the Cossack peasantry,
where they herd together by thousands like
cattle, where marriage is unknown, where there
is nothing but degradation and bestiality ; and
this the champion of high moral ideas calls
the progress of civilization. He is the man
who is in love with this monstrous communism:
and because I alluded to him, because I alluded
to Eusebins, and because I alluded to men in
the decline of the Roman empire, who lived
under Theodosius and Nero and other empei-
; ors; because I have done this, as has been
' done by hundreds before, I am told that I am
violating the rules of this House. Why did not
the gentleman call those to order when they
were attacking, in language which I would not
use here, Andrew Johnson at the time he was
President of the United States? To be sure I
i spoke of our present gifted President. He is
an exceedingly gifted President. I reiterate
! the assertion that he is our gifted President;
: but if I violate the rules by saying so then 1
! take it back and withdraw it altogether. I have
always evinced a disposition to be respectful
to this House; I would be the last man to vio-
late its rules knowingly; But, sir, while I say
this, I do insist upon my right as an American
citizen and as a Representative of the Ameri-
can people to criticise the sayings of a man
who is eternally thrusting himself into every
body's face with his impudence, and trying to
cram his theories into everybody's throat.
Mr. DAWES. I call the gentleman to order.
I do not think it is proper to speak of the "im-
pudence" of a Senator.
Mr. MUNGEN. I speak of a public lec-
turer, with whose theories I take issue.
Mr. DAWES. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman's language is unparliamentary.
Mr. MUNGEN. Very good. I will say that
he is not impudent.
Mr. DAWES. I object to the gentleman's
going on.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
proceed without the order of the House.
Mr. MU NGEN. I beg pardon for anything
I said.
The SPEAKER. It must be determined
by a majority of the House whether the gen-
tleman can proceed.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the gentleman
from Ohio be allowed to proceed in order.
Mr. Wood's motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is allowed to proceed in order.
. Mr. MUNGEN. I shall attempt to do so.
I have no wish to violate the rules of the
House. But I presume to state now that any
comment on public lecturers 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will please
suspend his remarks to permit a message to be
received from the Senate.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Mc-
Donald, one of its clerks, announced tha
they had passed the following bills and joint
