2426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
1 say we are all agreed, the friends of this
bill, the enemiesof this bill, that Georgia ought
not to come in without some regulation that
lias not been necessary in other instances and
lias not been applied to other States. Now,
let me in the first place come to this question,
the constitutional question, is there any validity
in any one of these conditions which you pro-
pose to ingraft upon this act of admission?
When this matter was under discussion before
in the case of Mississippi, I had the honor of
addressing the Senate. I was confined to my
room by illness the last two days of the debate,
atui hence did not participate in it as I should
have desired to do if I had been present. There
m e some reasons why I think the Senate will
pardon me for referring again to the broad
questions involved in the objections whiohwere
made to that bill, and which I make to this
bill, that these provisions, without which no
one of us would consent to admit Georgia, are
utterly worthless for the purpose relied upon.
And here, before coming to this precise con-
stitutional question, I must say a word in regard
to the character of the debate which has been
interposed to the objections we have made.
When I addressed the Senate before on this
subject in the case of Mississippi, i had no
sooner taken my seat than the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Yates] and the Senator from In-
diana [Mr. Mojitos] denounced the remarks
which I had submitted as an attempt to re-
vamp the State-rightsdoctriuesof Mr. Calhoun,
and the Senator from Illinois proceeded to read
meoutof the Republican party on that ground.
Subsequently lie came iu and apologized to the
Senate for so much of his remarks as had been
personal, but, still ho reasserted that the doc-
trine contended for by me was substantially
revamping the doctrines of Mr. Calhoun, and
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
substantially followed in the same strain in
leply. On a subsequent occasion the Senator
from Illinois came into the Senate and devoted
an hour or more, I should judge, from the space
his speech fills in the Globe, for I was not
present at the time, in an attempt to show that
1 had substantially reproduced the doctrines
of nullification, and after having read from the
debate between Mr. Webster and Mr. Hayne
for the purpose of showing how unsound and
how wicked it was to maintain that a State
could nullify a law of Congress passed in con-
formity with the Constitution, he said :
"Mr. President, gentlemen say that those condi-
tions are worth nothing; that thoy arc void and
inoperative. Why? BecauseMississipjuhasavoioc
above Congross?"—
And that question is again put to-day with
much earnestness by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts—
"Bccauso Mississippi is tho supremo authority of
the land? No, sir. Tho Constitution of tho Unitod
iStatcs and tho laws made in purauanco thereof aro
tho supreme law of this land. That doctrine is the
only salvation of tho land."
Well, sir, did tho Senator from Illinois sup-
pose he had any opponent upon that propo-
sition ? Did that Senator suppose that any man
in his senses, that any lawyer in the United
States, any Senator in this Chamber would
deny the proposition that the Constitution of
the United States, and the laws of Congress
passed in pursuance of the Constitution, were
supreme laws of this land? If there be any
such man, there is nothing in what I had said
which authorized that Senator to assume that
I was in that category. The Senator from
Illinois that day was fighting phantoms; he
had no opponent upon this principle. Every-
body conceded it to him. Then, on the fol-
lowing day the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] comingagain to the same sub-
ject, commenced his remarks by saying:
" Throughout the Ion? struggle anterior to tho re-
bellion, and then throughout the rebellion itself,
slavery had two voices by which it was heard in this
Chamber and in the country. The first was that by
which its continued existence was vindicated, or. if
you please, the right of slavery; tho other was that
of State right?. By these two voices was slavery
hoard. Happily, tho first is silenced; but the other
is still sounding among us. crying out against those
generous efforts by which human rights aro assured.
" I am not wroiu? in this statement. J?rom tho
beginning it has been tho samo. How often in times
past havo wo hoard tho cry of State rights 1 At
every proposition conocrninsslavcry, at tho present-
ation of every petition against this tyrannical wrong,
at every allusion to it, the cry Wits heard. And when
tho rebellion brolio forth tue sauao cry was raised
against thoso groatmoasuros of solf-dotenso by whioh
slavery, our real enemy, was assailed; and then, at
each stage of reconstruction, it was tho samo. Not
a measure of reconstruction which has not encoun-
tered this pretension of Stato rights. It broke forth
in thoVirgiDiadobate. It breaks forth on thoprescnt
occasion. Again wo hoar tho voioe of slavery."
And this morning the Senator opened his
speech by saying that slavery was fighting
another battle in this Senate under the alias
of State rights. Why, Mr. President, I have
sense enough to see how cunningly this sub-
ject can be handled by a stump speaker iu a
mixed audience. I see as plainly as the Sen-
ator does how easy it would be to do injustice
to a man, to misrepresent him, to take the sub-
ject out of the realm of reason and give it over
to the rage and prejudice of a mass meeting.
Tho Senator again to-day repeats in substance
that the argument made here to show that these
fundamental conditions are unconstitutional
and void is reviving tho lost cause of slavery
and lighting its battles over again.
What on earth does the Senator mean by
such a statement? The doctrine of State rights
as it was known in the days of Mr Calhoun—
falsely called by that name; it should have been
called unfounded State pretension, not State
rights—ivas t hat a State was the supreme judge
of the validity of any act of Congress, and
might, if in its judgment it was unconstitutional,
nullify it and defy its authority within the lim-
its of ;l State. That. Mr. Webster showed to
be an unfounded and dangerous pretension,
and mi Senator to-day, no intelligentgentleman
in the laud entertains tho slightest doubt of the
absolute sounducss of Mr. Webster's argument
upon that subject. We may therefore commence
v.ith conceding all that Mr. Webster claimed,
that when an act has been deliberately passed
by Congress, and pronounced constitutional by
the judicial tribunals of the Union, there is no
constitutional right in a State to resist its ex-
ecution within her limits, and that such resist-
ance is revolution and treason.
And, sir, it will be admitted by every Sen-
ator, on the other baud, that although a Stato
may not nullify a constitutional act of Con-
gress, nevertheless the States have some un-
doubted rights. Mr. Calhoun in this Chamber
thirty years ago put forth the doctrinc of nulli-
fication, and called it the right of a State-
Now, if a Senator rises in this Chamber and
maintains that a State has a right to build a
bridge or school-house or court-house within
its limits, to provide for feeding the poor or
educating the young, some Senator maintains
that that is arguing in favor of State rights,
and then some vaulting logician, like" the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, rends bis garments
and exclaims, '■ Stato rights! Why that is the
doctrine that Calhoun contended for. That is
nullification and secession ; but—
"' 'Twas ever thus from slavery's earliest hour.'"
If it be true that there are certain things
whioh a State may constitutionally do, and cer-
tain other things which a State may not con-
stitutionally do, then when the question arises
as to a particular power to be exercised by a
State, or by the Union, an honest discussion
should be directed to ascertain whether the
power in question belongs to the category of
powers possessed by the State or to that other
class of powers denied to the States by the
Constitution of the United States. But when
such a question is uuder discussion truth is no
way encouraged by denonncing one of the dis-
putants as a secessionist and a nullifier. If,
for instance, a State does not possess the power
to amend its constitution in regard to common
schools, then the Senator from Massachusetts
should demonstrate it, and that ends tho dis-
cussion.
I come, then, to the question, not the ques-
tion raised by Mr. Calhoun, of the power of a
State to nullify an act of Congress, but to the
exact pending question, whether Congress may
deny to a Stato, in the form of a condition con-
tained in the act of admission, a power secured
to the State by the Constitution of the United
States.
There are certain fundamental principles to
be borne in mind in every constitutional dis-,
cussion ; one of which is that the Government
of tho United States is one of delegated pow-
ers, and that all sovereign powers not dele-
gated to the Union are reserved to the States
respectively, or to the people. The powers of
tho Union are either conferred in express
language or by reasonable intendment as an
incident to or a means of executing some power
expressly granted. All else belongs to the
States. "The tenth amendment to the Consti-
tution is in full force, and declares;
"Tho powers not delegated to tho United States by
tho Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
aro reserved to the States respectively, or to the
people."
Now, if it be claimed that Congress has the
power to enact this bill the burden is-upon
those who make such claim to point out the
provision in the Constitution which grants Such
power, or specify the power to which this
power is an incident or a means of execution.
Of course at this point in the discussion I take
leave of the Senator from Massachusetts. 1
do not intend to skirmish with him in the twi-
light of the Declaration of Independence, nor
contend with him as to his translation of eplu-
ribus unum. I dismiss all that part of the
debate for the purpose of calling your atten-
tion to alittle instrument you have sworn to
support, called the Constitution of the United
States.
Ordinarily, when the Constitution does grant
a power to the Union, ingenious and learned
men, like the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Howard,] the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds,] and the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Morton,] will be able to concur in point,
ing out the provision which confers the power.
But how is it in this case? Perhaps the most
generally approved popular ground upon which
to rest, the power to impose these fundamental
conditions is this: that inasmuch as the power
to admit new States is with Congress, and Con-
gress may, in its discretion, admit or refuse to
admit a particular State, it may admit a State
upon such terms and conditions as itpleases.
But the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howaed]
exploded this heresy at one dash.
lie said, and being one or the best lawyers
in thin body his opinion is entitled to consid-
eration ;
"The first provision in this bill, not a condition,
but a positive enactment—and in that light 1 also
view tho other clauses ol' the bill which purport to
lie conditions ; they aro not legally and technically
."pouking, m my judgment, conditions; they are pos-
itive, imperative enactments, and take elfeetas such
as much as if they had declared that such and such
should be tho case m reference to tho Stato of Mis-
sissippi—tho fir.-1, ciauso requires every member of
tho Legislature of Mississippi to take an oath sub-
stantially, tli.i t he does not fall within the third arti-
cle of tho lourteonth amendment of the Constitution
of tho United Suites."
The idea, then, thata Stato could be admitted
upon conditions, in any lawyer-like sense of the
term condition, iir^is no favor with the Senator
irom Michigan. He rests the right to pass this
bill upon tho power of Congress to guaranty a
republican form of government to the States,
and maintains that what are called conditions
are positive legislative enactments.
_ I hen earns the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Eiprcsrns,] and if there be a better lawyer in
this Chamber than the Senator from Michigan,
■which I do not assert., it is the Senator irom
Vermont. He says:
"Somo gentlemen imagine that this authority is
found in what is called tho republican guarantee
ciauso of the Constitution."
