468
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Senate.
Fifleeuih Amendment—Mr. Gasaerly.
41st Co?(g....2d Sess.
this Department, and under favorable circum-
stances-1 might not feel inclined to oppose
the construction of even the magnificent edi-
fice proposed by the Senate; but we can do
withoutit for the present, just as we have done
without it in the past; and, in view of our im-
mense debt and onerous taxes, this is of all
times the most unfavorable for beginning such
a work.
Still greater objections might be urged against
the proposition to extend the Capitol grounds
by purchasing squares numbered G87 and G88.
This improvement would cost in the end not
less than $2,000,000; there is no present or
pressing necessity for it. It would, it is true,
add greatly to the beauty of tho surroundings
of the Capitol, but the Government when out
ofdebtand able to make the improvement failed
to do so. It may bo done in the future if
thought desirable; just now it would be far bet-
ter, in my opinion, to use money which the
contemplated addition to the Capitol grounds
would cost to sustain the national credit by
paying a small portion of the national debt, and
better still to leave it in the hands of the tax-
payers for use in their private business.
The proposition to send out one or more
expeditions toward the north pole contemplates
a much larger expenditure than the. proposed
appropriation of §100,000 will cover. It is
intended to detail public officers and Govern-
ment vessels for tho enterprise. These ves-
sels must be fitted out for a voyago of years in
duration, and would necessarily return from
such an expedition worn and comparatively
worthless. The salaries of the officers and
crews must be paid during the whole time, and
the entire cost of the expedition would exceed
$1,000,000, and probably reach $2,000,000.
Tho country, I submit, is doing very well with-
out any definite knowledge in reference to the
north pole.
It may bo that our speculations on this sub-
ject are prefcrablo to an absoluto knowledge
of the facts; at any rate, the north polo will
keep, and until tlio Senators who favor the pro-
ject arc ready to accompany the expedition
1 shall decline to vote for the appropriation
asked. It might, indeed, afford some small
gratification to thera to know that somewhere
on God's footstool thcro is aregion inoro frigid,
barren, inhospitable, and worthless than the
territory of Alaska, for which they paid
$7,000,000 in 'gold; hut I beg to assure them
the information would yield no gleam of satis-
faction to the tax-payers of the country who
furnished tho money.
Fifteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. EUGENE CASSEHLY,
OF CAMFOKNIA,
IN THB Senate OF win UKITED STATICS,
May 20, 1870.
Tito Senato having under consideration tho bill
f O. R. "No. f-U3) to enforco tho right of eitizens of the
United .States to voto in tho several Slates of this
Union, who luivo hitherto been (loiiied that right on
account of race, color, or previous condition of serv-
itude, and (ho Senate bill fS. No. 810) Tor tho same
purpose-
Mr. CASSEliLY said: _
Mr. President: By this morning's Globe I
see that among the many friendly acta for
which I am indebted to the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Thurman] I must count a statement made
by him in the Senate yesterday that 1 intended
to speak upon the two bills from the Senate
and the House to enforce the fifteenth amend-
ment. I had not yesterday any settled pur-
pose of tiie sort. The condition of my health
and of my voice was not then, and is not now,
such as to warrant the attempt on my part to
address the Seaate at any length. Hence,
though I feel myself somewhat engaged by the
promise made on my behalf by my friend from
Ohio, I should not venture to speak to-day
but that I desire to present, in respect to these
bills, one view which I have not yet heard,
which seems to me unanswerable, and which,
if so regarded by the Senate, must control its
action upon them. If before presenting that
view I shall enter somewhat into a general dis-
cussion of both bills before us, it will be for
the purpose of preparing the way for the prin-
cipal view.
The pending bills are, I believe, the first
likely to result in a law of Congress which have
come up for discussion under any of the three
constitutional amendments since the war. They
involve questions that are new, grave, and diffi-
cult. For that reason I have been gratified to
observe the disposition shown by the majority
of tho Senate to consider them fully and thor-
oughly. When the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] who has the Senate bill in charge
announced, when he first succeeded in getting
his bill before the Senate, that he designed to
bring it to a vote the same day before adjourn-
ment, and called upon the majority in this
Chamber to sustain him,—I confess that, con-
sidering the great novelty, importance, and
dilliculty of his bill, I was filled with emotions
which, had 1 expressed1 them at the time, I
should have had difficulty in expressing in
language entirely parliamentary. It soon be-
came manifest, however, that the Senatorfrom
Nevada in his most extraordinary demand did
not represent his political associates in this
hotly. As we saw one after another of tho
leaders of tlu: dominant party hero urge objec-
tions, pointed and unanswerable, to the Sen-
ator's bill, the minority here might well hope
that if wo were to have legislation under the
fifteenth amendment we should have it better
considered, better adapted to legitimate ends,
much belter calculated to preserve the peace
of the country, than anything which could be
forced through suddenly without any fit dis-
cussion, at a single session, as demanded by
tho Senator from Nevada.
Tho Senate bill, as amended by the Judiciary
Committee, is that principally pressed here. I
propose to show tbat in its leading features it
is moSt unusual, oppressive, and dangero.us,
and that it is called for by no public necessity.
A measure which is both mischievous and
unnecessary should have the clearest warrant
in the Constitution. 1 shall therefore aim
further to show that tho bill is largely if not
wholly unauthorized by tho fifteenth amend-
ment, which it purports to enforce. This last
is tho view which it is the principal object of
my remarks to preseut.
The details of the Senate bill have been so
thoroughly discussed by the Senators who have
preceded me, especially the Senatorfrom Ohio,
[Mr. Tiiurman,] that I shall speak only of a
few features that strike me with most force.
It commences in section three with a general
assault on the laws of the States for tho regis-
tration of voters. There are differences of
opinion as to whatisagood registration system.
My own judgment is that those States which
have adopted the principle in registration that
the right and the opportunity to be registered
shall be carried on the simplest terms to every
man's door by the officers of the law have the
best system.
But whatever may be said for or against the
different systems of registration in the States,
no one can doubt that upon the whole some
system of registration is demanded by the con-
victions of the great majority of the people of
the country, as supplying the only practicable
guard, especially in great cities, against frauds
which corrupt and nullify popular elections.
If there be any party in the country which
more than another has, at least in words, been
the friend of registration as a system it is the
party which now rules this Senate. Therefore
do I confess my great surprise tbat among the
first assaults which this bill makes upon tho
whole system of rights, liberties, and laws
already established in the country in reference
to elections, is an assault upon the State laws
of registration. It permits and encourages any
person and any number of persons, ignorant,
weak, or wicked, to set at naught and over-
throw the registration system of any State. It
leaves it with any man who, upon whatever
ground, whether well or ill founded, has not
been allowed to register, whether he has failed
through his own error in not going at the right
time or his perverseness in going at the wrong
time, or from want of qualifications, or any
other fault or misfortune of his own—it leaves
it with every such man, upon his bare affidavit,
to involve the officer of election who has re-
fused his vote at the polls for want of registra-
tion in heavy liabilities both in his person and
his property. It authorizes every such man,
upon an ex parte affidavit, in which he is not
required even to swear that he is a qualified
voter, to require you, Mr. President, if you
were sitting as an officer of election, to receive
his vote though never registered. If you re-
fuse, he can have you linuled from your seat at
the polls to the common, jail. lie can do that
to you and to all the other judges at the same
poll; ho can break up the election at that
poll on tho basis of an affidavit, in which he is
not required to say that he had any right to
tho vote which you denied to him.
I called the attention of the Senate the other
day to this most startling provision. 1 invite
its serious attention to it again to-day. I do
so because at that time my li-iend, the Senator
from Vermont, of the Judiciary Committee,
[Mr. EnituKDS,] not actually, perhaps, but ap-
parently questioned tho accuracy of the view
which 1 then suggested. The bill ot the Judiciary
Committee is perfectly plain. It provides what
the affidavit shall contain upon which the judge
of election shall receive the unregistered vote,
or be arrested and dragged out of his seat. It
says it shall be an affidavit "stating such
offer," that is, his offer to be registered, "and
the time and place thereof, and tho name of
the officer or person whose duty it was to act
thereon, and that he was wrongfully prevented
by such person or officer from performing such
act." It says this and no more.
The language, the Senate will observe, is that
the affidavit shall "state" so and so. Why was
the word "state" employed? Lawyers under-
stand perfectly well that between an affidavit
which is required to "state" something and
one which is required to "show" something,
the difference is very great. An affidavitwhich
has to " state" a good case is good if it follows
literally the very words of the statute. An
affidavit which is required to "show" a good
case must set forth the facts explicitly as they
are required to be proved in order to make
out the case on trial. The difference is mani-
fest. The former affidavit is a cover for loose
swearing if not for false swearing. The latter
furnishes every safeguard possible in ex parte
proof the other way.
Loose and dangerous as such an affidavit is,
tho complainant even so is not required to
" state" himself to be a qualified voter. It is
true, as the Senator irom Vermont remarked
yesterday, that in another part of the section
the words " being otherwise qualified" occur.
But the Senate will observe, on looking at sec-
tion three, those words have nothing to do with
what the affidavit at the polls shall contain.
That affidavit is the statement upon which the
officer of election must act at his peril. If he
rejects the vote he may be arrested and taken
from the polls to jail. The Senate will readily
see how impossible it is to carry on an election
in any precinct where it is to the interest of
either party, as it commonly will be, to break
