1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
Committee on the Judiciary, and reported back
to this body with amendments on the 13th.
Herq ne stand on the morning of the 16th
to consider an act the effect of which simply
is to remand that which this Congress has called
a State back to the condition of a conquered
province. We have seen too many acts of this
kind in the last few years directed toward States
which, in my opinion, never were out of the
Union, but which nevertheless, for purposes of
parly and party domination, were to be treated
as either in or out as the emergency of party
might dictate; we have seen such acts too often
to stand surprised.
But there is within the present measure a
doctrine and a principle which, as it is now
sought to be applied to the lips of Georgia, may
yet be returned, like another poisoned chalice,
to those who have invented it for her destruc-
tion. When shall Georgia be a State? Has
any gentleman of this body yet given a defini-
tion on that point ? Has that question yet been
answered ? Can any man see with moral cer-
tainty when that may be, and what acts upon
her part will suit the pleasure of the dominant
majority of Congress? for that seems to me to
be the only law that controls her fate.
On the 25th of June, 1868, the Congress
of the United States passed an act to admit
the States of North Carolina, South Carolina,
Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida to
representation in Congress, in which it was
recited that—
"Whereas the people of North Carolina. South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida
have, in pursuance of tho provisions of an act entitled
' An act for tho more efficient government of tho robel
States,' passed March 2,1867, and the acts supple-
mentary thereto, framed constitutions of Stato gov-
ernment which arc republican, andliave adoptedsaid
constitutions by large majorities of the votes cast at
t ho elections held for the ratification or rejeotion of
tlio same."
And then comes the enactment:
" Therefore,
_ " He it enactedby ilie Senate and House of Representa-
tive* of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That each of tho States of North Carolina. South
Caiolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida
iiiall bo entitled and admitted to representation in
Congress as a State of the Union when the Legisla-
ture ot such State shall have duly ratified tho amend-
ment to tho Constitution of tho United States pro-
posed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress and known as
article fourteen, upon tho following' fundamental
conditions: that the constitutions of neither of said
States shall over bo so amondod or changed as to
deprivo any citizen or olass of citizens of tho United
States of tlio right to vote in said Stato who aro en-
titled to voto by the Constitution thoroof herein
recognized, cxcept as a punishment for such crimes
as are now felonies at common law, whereof they
shall havo been duly convicted under laws equally
applicable to all the inhabitants of said State: Pro-
vided, That any alteration of said Constitution may
bo mado with regard to the time and placo of resi-
dence of voters; and tho Stato of Georgia shall only
be entitled and admitted to representationupontbis
further fundamental condition: that tho first and
third subdivisions of section seventeon of tlio fifth
article of the constitution of said State, oxcept tho
proviso to the first subdivision, shall bo null and
void, and that the General Assembly of said State
by solemn-public act shall dcclaro the assent of the
State to the foregoing fundamental condition."
Now, sir, it seems that on the 22d day of
July, 1868, the ratification of that amendment,
which is made the fundamental condition for
the admission of Georgia, was formally made
and certified by a Mr. Bullock, of Georgia,
who now seeks the strong arm of Federal power
to place him where the will of his people never
would have permitted him to sit. Georgia did
ratify the fourteenth amendment in the form
required by Congress ; Georgia did void those
clauses of her constitution that the Congress
of the United States required her to void. The
clauses of her constitution which were objected
to by Congress were those that enforced the
qualification of '' white' 'upon the voter. That
qualification was stricken out, and the vote that
elected the Legislature of Georgia that met in
pursuance of this proclamation and of this act
and elected Senators to sit upon this floor, and
the vote of the people of the State that sent her
Representatives to the otherHouse of Congress,
were in precise accordance with the letter of this
law here made the condition for her admission
to Congress and into the Union as a State.
But, sir, the fact was that the right to hold
office was not included under the same quali-
fication as the right to vote; and_ when the
people of Georgia found negro legislators sit-
ting there as part of their State governmentthey
took the constitution of Georgia according to
the judgment of those bodies who by the decis-
ions of this body and by the doctrines of all
parliamentary law were the sole judges of the
qualifications of their members and they de-
cided, whether rightly or wrongly, that under
the constitution of the State of Georgia negroes
were ineligible to office, although they had the
legal right to vote. Exercising the inherent
power of every parliamentary body—itnot only
is inherent here, but it is given expressly by
the constitution of our government—the Legis-
lature of Georgia sat in judgment upon the
qualifications ot its members. It excluded the
negro members from its midst. Since that
time it is well known to every member of this
body that that action of the Legislature has
been before the judicial branch of the State
government of Georgia and has been disap-
proved. It was declared to be illegal; to be
an unconstitutional exercise of authority. This
is the judgment of the proper branch of the
government of Georgia as recorded against the
act excluding negroes from her offices, or cer-
tainly from her Legislature.
Now, sir, what is the result? The honorable
Senator from Indiana laid down a proposition
which I most entirely concur iti, and that is
thatafteryou have passed an act for the admis-
sion of these States to their proper places in
the Federal Government it is dishonest and
dishonorable toimposeconditionsof which you
gave them no notice. Sir, if that be true now
it was true one year ago It is just as dishon-
est, in my opinion, to mislead a community by
saying "Do this thing required of you and
you shall have your place," and then upon the
completion of the requirement to start some-
thing new. I say that the time of such an act
has nothing to do with its character: it is dis-
honorable under any circumstances; and I am
glad to give my concurrence to a proposition
that in some way, not from my aid, which would
rather hurt a measure here, but from the influ-
ence of the honorable Senator from Indiana,
may yet give a termination to the long road of
humiliation and injustice which this captive
State has been forced to tread.
If this doctrine of examining into the actions
of the Legislatures of the different Slates vir-
tually depriving them of their power to sit in
judgment upon the qualification of their mem-
bers is to be carried out in the case of the State
of Georgia, how long will it be before it is
exercised against States of the more northern
section of the Union ? The honorable Senator
from Wisconsin suggests that which I fancy has
occurred to every man's mind before, that the
consent of a State or of an individual to any
bargain wrung from him by duress or coercion
is worthless in morals as it is in law. Do Sen-
ators suppose because they can by military rule
compel these southern provinces—for I will not
call them States—to adopt amendments to the
Constitution of the United States that other
States who are equally grievously affected by
this absurd misnomer of adoption or consent
will not question it? Why, sir, if the spirit of
constitutional liberty exists in our people that
question will yet arise. The dominant party,
who, having no other power under the Consti-
tution than to propose an amendment to the
Constitution for the acceptance or rejection of
tho States, have yet held them by force and
thrust amendments down their throats, will
hereafter find in this country, not perhaps from
the States which have been the victims of that
illegality directly, but from other States, the
question raised as to whether an amendment
so obtained has any legal, binding force upon
a free and a brave people.
The wrong is just as great to the State of
Ohio, to -the State of New York, and to the
little Stale which I have the honor in part to
represent upon this floor as it is to those who
are made the unhappy instruments for depriving
themselves and others of their rightful oppor-
tunity to reject or assent, which was intended
to be given to them by the Constitution of our
Government. A forced adoption would be no
adoption. It must be free. * The heart and the
will must go with the act or it is void, it is
duress. You say that they are free Free to
do what? Free to live uisder the rule of the
bayonet; free to live without one thing for
which this Government was created—not citi-
zens, but subjects. Why, sir, it seems to me
that towards this State the Congress is occupying
the attitude of the cat towards the mouse, that
plays with it before it finally puts an end to
its pain.
Therefore it is, feeling that this bill and the
doctrine involved in it are not only sought now
to be applied to Georgia, but may with equal
validity, with equal justice, be applied to the
State which I in part represent and to any other
State of this Union whose people may differ in
opinion from the present dominant majority of
Congress, that I do protest against the passage
of any such act. I ask how long will it be be-
fore the question will be raised when Senators
from some northern State of opposite politics
to the dominant party, no matter which party
that may be, present themselves here, not as to
whether their certificates are in order, but
that the body which elected them had chosen
to eviscerate from itself ecrtain objectionable
members.
Whether the action of the Legislature of
Georgia was right or wrong I say that this body
itself has too often decided that it cannot and
will not look to the Constitution of that body
de facto which has sent representatives here if
they come in the due form prescribed by tho
Constitution. You will not treat here the ques-
tions of contested elections for your State Legis-
latures. I say " you will not." I do not any
that now, because it seems to me that by this
very bill and by the very doctrine which you
havo incorporated in it, you have assumed the
power to sit in judgment upon the qualifications
of the Legislatures of the different States. Wo
have seen so much and we know so much of
the advancing, grasping steps of power; we
know ita character so well that it never relin-
quishes what it has gained ; and therefore it is
that these acts of oppression should be so care-
fully scrutinized and should be so constantly
objected to where they are doubtful. But I do
commend to the consideration of gentlemen of
the Senate, whether agreeing with me in my
view of the present case or not, that they are
here creating or seeking to create a new prece-
dent that may yet return to plague its inventors.
The honorable Senator from Indiana staled
that the great object of this act, and not only
of this act, but of that to which it is ancillary,
the adoption of the fifteenth amendment, was
that negro suffrage should be the great boon
acquired by the country ; and he considered,
or seemed to consider, that with the adoption
of universal suffrage in which negroes should
stand equal to white men a certain millennium
would come to the country. I differ with the
honorable Senator. I do not know whether he
does not differ somewhat with himself in the
past on that subject; but that is of bnt little
consequence. 1 do not believe that human
happiness is to be manufactured by human
statutes, nor do I believe that the extension
of suffrage in every country will assist us in hav-
ing a better government here ; for I am one of
those who have long believed that already the
suffrage in this country was far too widely ex-
tended; that already the ignorant and the cor-
rupt of our nation have a voice which it is very
unfortunate for the people that they should
have. These are no new views with me, nor
are they newly expressed. What good can
come to the people of this country from enlarg-
ing the mass of ignorance, corruptibility, and
weakness, and giving that the great govern-
mental power is more Ihau I can see.
