1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5259
newspaper was committed to Newgate for a libel on
a member."
"In 1832 Messrs. ICidder & Wright, solicitors,were
admonished for having addressed to the committee
on the Sunderland and dock bill a letter reflecting
on the conduct of members of the committee, copies
of which were circulated as handbills."
"WhentheSpeaker is accompanied by the mace he
has power to order persons intocustodyfordisrespect
or breaches of privileges committed in their presence
without any previous order of the house."—May, 97.
"Mr. Speaker Onslow ordered a rna.ii into custody
who pressed on him in Westminster Hall."
" In 1621 the Commons sentenced one Floyd, who
had spoken offensive words concerning the daughter
of James I and her husband, the elector palatine,
to pay a fine of £1,000, to stand twice in the pillory,
and to ride backward on a horse with the horse's
tail in his hand. On request of the Lords, Floyd was
turned over to them, to be dealt with according to
law of privilege, and they sentenced him, that he
should be incapable of bearing arms as a gentleman;
that he should be ever held an infamous person, and
his testimony not to be taken in any court or cause;
that he should ride twice to the pillory, with his face
to the horse's tail, holding the tail in hishand; that
he should be branded with the letter K on his fore-
head, be whipped at the cart's tail, be fined £5,000
to the king, and bo imprisoned in Newgatefor life."
"A man named Cranfield was fined £500 each to
four members whom he had slandered."
" Lord Saville was committed to the Tower for re-
fusing to name the person who had written a letter
to him, which Parliament had thought treacherous."
"In 1647 an order was made for several members
of the house to take some of the deputies of the ser-
geant-at-arms and break open doors and seize trunks
and papers of one Captain Vernon."
" In 1624 a schoolmaster was examined for an
Arian book. The book was burnt by the hands of
the hangman. He was confined to Newgate and then
banished to the Isle of Scilly."
"Ill Shirly vs. Fagg, (in 27 Car. 11.) the House of
Commons maintained that an appeal taken from the
court of chancery to the House of Lords by Shirly
against Fagg. who was one of their members, was a
breach of their privileges."
"Oil appeal byCrispss. Valmahoy.amember.they
imprisoned the sergeants and barrister who had
pleaded lor Crisp, contrary to an order of the house,
as a breach of privilege. Certain persons who had
trespassed on the fisheries of Admiral Griffith, a
member, were found guilty of a. breach of privilege
and were ordered to stand committed, and were after-
ward discharged on being reprimanded, on their
knees."
Let me remark here in commendation of the
English parliamentary practice, that I am not
aware of any case in which either House has
dared to punish any act of a British subject as
a contempt or breach of its privileges unless
that act had by resolution of the House been
previously declared a contempt.
This is thelaw of Parliament as it shinesout
and is illustrated in the deeisionsof that body ;
this is the law the honorable gentlemen ofthe
majority of the committee would have us believe
is the law of Congress; and these are the beau-
tiful precedents they would have this House fol-
low in adjudicating upon the rights and. liberties
of free citizens of the United Stales. This is the
law and these the precedents that are to con-
trol and guide this House in its deliberations
and determination of this case. J-his js the
law and these are the precedents for bringing
to the bar of this House any citizen who may
fall under the displeasure of the House, and
inflicting upon him just such punishments as
its passiou or caprice may suggest.
But, fearful and shocking as are the powers
claimed and exercised in these cases, there is
not one of them that will justify the action of
this House and the committee in this case of
Patrick Woods. As yet this case upon the
testimony stands alone, without a parallel in
the history of parliamentary and congressional
proceedings. And, sir, the committee, the
majority of the committee, must be held to
have admitted this in their report. To sustain
their judgment and recommendation they are
obliged to resort to and rely upon a pretended
resolve or rule—mark what I say, i'or I mean
it. precisely—pretended rule of the Parliament
of 12th April, 1733. I say pretended rule,
because, with all due respect for the commit-
tee, I here charge that the rule as quoted by
the'committee in their report was never adopted
by Parliament. I quote the rule as the com-
mittee have reported, precisely, as follows:
"That the assaulting, insulting, or menacing any
member of this house, or npon account of his beha-
vior in Parliament, is a high infringement of the
privileges of this house, a most outrageous and dan-
gerous violation of the rights of Parliament, and a
high crime and misdemeanor."
Now I say that is not the rule of 12th April,
1733 ; it is a libel and fraud, if not upon this
House, it is a foul libel on the rule itself.
When I first read it I thought it must be a
mistake of the printer; and yet it was so mate-
rially changed to fit this case, and had so little
application without the change, that I was con-
founded—I was astounded. I sent for the ori-
ginal manuscript of the majority report, and
have it here, and to my greater astonishment
I found it was printed as written. I make no
charge or insinuation against the honorable
chairman of the committee. I believe him ut-
terly incapable of attempting to perpetrate so
gross and outrageous a fraud upon this or
any other body as that of garbling or leaving
out any portion of a rule he would report as
law to this House. I read the rule of 1733 as
it was adopted by the Parliament, and leave
the House to judge for itself whether any false
practice has been atempted by any one, or
whether it has been attempted to bolster up
this case by false quotation.
"That the assaulting, insulting, or menacing any
member in his coming to or going from the House,
or upon the account of his behavior in Parliament,
is an high infringement of theprivilege of this House,
a most outrageous and dangerous violation of the
rights of Parliament, and an high crime and misde-
meanor."—May'& Parliamentary Practice, p. 92.
The mutilation of this rule, the leaving out
the latter clause of the first sentence, does
make it in terms support the view of the
majority of the committee, but it changes the
entire sense. As the committee have it, it is
"the assaulting, insulting, or menacing any
member of this house, is a high infringement
of the privileges of this house," &c. But as it
is in truth and without mutilation, "the assault-
ing, insulting, or menacing any member of this
house iu coming to or returning from."
This is, indeed, a most singular and remark-
able mistake, perverting the entire meaning
and sense of the rule, and making it an author-
ity for the report of the majority, when in fact,
truly read, it is an authority against them, if,
indeed, it were authority at all. But in the
view I take of the subject, neither the express
rules, nor the common law of Parliament, nor
the precedents of Parliament are law or au-
thority for the Congress or this House. The
omnipotence of Parliament does not belong to
Congress; the powers it exercises, the priv-
ileges it assumes, the manner in which it en-
forces them, are in utter violation of every
principle of our Government. This House is
treading upon dangerous ground when it at-
tempts to follow the English Parliament. It
is assuming powers far beyond those granted
by the Constitution. There are no limitations
or checks to the power of Parliament. It can
change the succession to the Crown, pass bills
of attainder, ex post facto laws, grant titles of
nobility, and take away the lives of subjects.
All these things, and many more which Par-
liament may do, are prohibited to the Congress
of the United States. It cannot interfere with
the life, liberty, or property of any citizen
except by due course and process of law. If
the power and authority to deal with this case
as the committee propose can be found in the
English law of Parliament, there is no wrong,
no oppression, no act of tyranny ever perpe-
trated by it that may not be enacted over by
Congress; certainly not one but what is ex-
pressly prohibited by the Constitution itself.
The bare statement of the proposition demon-
strates the absurdity of this assumption of the
committee. The Congress nor any other de-
partment of the Federal Government derives
any powers from the constitution or laws of
Great Britain.
Mr. Speaker, it is not necessary, as the com-
mittee claim, in order to the full protection of
the deliberations of this body, that it should
have or exercise these most extraordinary
powers. The Constitution gives all the power
Congress can or ought to exercise. The ex-
emption of its members from arrest during its
sessions, and in coming to and returning from
them, together with the incidental right of
self-protection and self-preservation which in-
heres in all legislative assemblies, are all we
should attempt to exercise, all we can be per-
mitted to exercise without endangering the
liberties of the people. This right of self-
protection is the same and only the same pos-
sessed by judicial tribunals—being the right
of free and • uninterrupted deliberation. To
go beyond the line of self-protection is indeed
to adopt the practice without the law or right
of Parliament. In the House of Represent-
atives it would be an act of lawless violence
and usurpation, deserving of the severest rep-
rehension, and sure to arouse in the minds of
the thoughtful a just scorn and indignation.
It would be against law, against right, against
justice, against liberty.
The power to punish contempts by any court
or legislative body, even for the purpose of
self-protection, is a most delicate and danger-
ous power. The trial is without jury; thelaw
is to be announced and the facts found by the
party upon whom the offense has been com-
mitted. The party complaining is virtually the
judge in his own case. Nay, more than this,
the law is to be made, the penalty declared, and
the crime defined by the offended party, and all
ex post facto! It is, indeed, a scandal upon our
law that contempts and breach of privileges of
the House are not clearly defined in some well-
considered statute or rule of the House and the '
penalties for such offenses announced, so that
persons charged may know by what law they
are to be tried and what penalties they have
incurred. Congress has in clear and explicit
language done this for the courts of the United
States, as follows:
"The power of the several courts of the United
States to issueattaclimentsandinflictsummary pun-
ishments for contempts of court shall not be con-
strued to extend to any case except the misbehavior
of any person or persons in the presence of said courts,
or so near thereto as to obstruct the administration
of justice, the misbehavior of any of the officers of
the said courts in their official transactions, and tho
resistance or disobedience by any officer ol the said
courts, party, juror, witness, or any other person or
persons to any lawful writ, process, order, rule, de-
cree, or command of the said courts."—4 Stalutes-at-
Larye, 487.
Here is a full declaration of the power of the
courts to protect themselves; of the law of
self-preservation. Why should not this be the
law of Congress? I submit that it is the rule
that ought to control such cases.
Congress nor this House should assume a
jurisdiction or exercise powers by extending
the definition of contempts beyond what is fit
and proper under its own rule for the courts.
There is no sense or propriety in this House
construing that a contempt and breach of its
privileges which it will not permit the courts
to consider as such when committed against
them. The reason for the jurisdiction in both
cases is the same, the preservation of the court
or body—self-preservation.
Sir, the committee tell us that these extraor-
dinary powers are necessary; that it is neces-
sary that this House should take jurisdiction
of this mere personal assault committed hun-
dreds of miles away from this House, having
no relation to it or its deliberations, and in no
manner interrupting or disturbing its session,
lest in some time of great political and party
excitement hereafter the majority might be
changed from one side to the other by such
assaults upon its members. The danger to our
institutions, to popular liberty and just repre-
sentation, in my judgment, is much less to be
apprehended from that direction than from the
usurpations and overriding the popular will by
Congress. How often have we seen the vote
of whole districts set aside by this House, and
the minority candidate, without the show of ail
election, installed in the seat! How many of
the majority now on this floor are there here
