1484
THfe CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Voorhees] does not desire the floor
I will yield to the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Joxes,] for I think some gentleman on
the other side of the House should be allowed
as much time as the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schexck] has occupied.
Mr. VOORHEES. I have often had much
trouble sometimes in obtaining the floor, but I
never before had so much trouble to get clear
of it. [Laughter.]
Without concurring in all the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] has said, yet his
remarks have obviated the necessity upon my
part of saying anything, and has taken away
the wish to do so. Some things which I de-
sired to say he has said better than I could
myself. While I am on my feet, however, I
will say that there i3 some justification and
some excuse for the system which has grown
up of publishing speeches in the Globe which
have not been delivered on the floor. I can
the better say this from the fact that I have
never published in the Globe a speech that I
did not actually deliver. But we all under-
stand the difficulty in a large body like this
of obtaining the floor, and therefore, in be-
half of the more modest portion of this House,
1 enter a protest against this sweeping criti-
cism upon the practice that has here grown
up. It hits many very good men who have
as much necessity to communicate with their
constituents as the rest of us, and I am not
prepared to say that the privilege shonld be
entirely cut off- It should be modified, per-
haps, and exercised with a great deal of care.
I do not think the Senate has set such an
example heretofore on this subject as justifies
it in sending here the resolution which has just
been laid on the Clerk's desk. It seems that
it is for the first time awakened to the abnses
of this privilege. I remember but a short time
ago, during this very session, a Senator from
Tennessee had a speech read in the Senate
which he was unable from ill health to deliver.
It was the bitterest and fiercest personal assault
upon certain members of this House from his
own State that I ever read. The Senate had
its attention called by the Presiding Officer to
the transgressions of that speech against the
rules; yet that decorous and dignified body,
which takes the lead in all the decencies and
proprieties, saw fit to let that speech be fully
read in its presence. While I am perfectly
willing to do all that may be necessary and
proper to correct the abuses of this privilege,
yet we can act upon this question quite as well
without the suggestions and promptings of the
Senate.
As regards the offense to which the resolu-
tion introduced this morning has reference, I
concur with the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schexck] that inasmuch as the matter has
been brought to our attention it should be
looked into. I am inclined to think that my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Muxgex] is in no very
great danger of being hurt by such an investi-
gation. As regards decency or indecency, I
apprehend it will be found that even New
EnglandmembersandNewEnglandSenators—
and I refer to them because they are,par excel-
lence, the people of propriety—have set an
example which the gentleman from Ohio has
not yet equaled. By close culture and con-
tinned practice he may yet approach or per-
haps reach the region attained by Tristam
Burges and other eminent and intellectual
New Englanders, who know as well how to use
their tongues in a severe and wicked manner
as any people I ever knew; and who upon
occasions get away from their propriety as far
as anybody else. Even the excellent gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
has during his service of twelve or fifteen years
in this body occasionally lost his temper and
lost his grave decorum. If the Globe were
carefully ransacked I think it would very prob-
ably be found that during the war, about the
time he was discussing horse-contracts, he said
some things himself which would cause a blush
on modest cheeks.
While I am in favor of investigating this
matter and doing what is right, I think it very
likely that a tempest in a small vessel has been
attempted here this morning. I did not intend
to say so much after the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] who said
in the main what I had desired 10 say. I will
now, with the permission of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] yield to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. BECK. Before the gentleman from
Indiana takes his seat I would like to suggest
to him the propriety of our sending to the Senate
a resolution to apply the hour rule and the
previous question to that body.
Mr. VOORHEES. Yes, I think we had
better originate a joint resolution instructing
that body that its members talk too long, that
some of them occupy too much of the time of
the Senate and too much space in the Globe,
that the hour rule and the previous question
would, in our opinion, correct such abuses
there.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to yield to me for
a moment.
Mr. DAWES. I think I cannot consent to
the further continuance of this debate.
Mr. J ONES, of Kentucky. I hope the gen-
tleman will yield to me. I very seldom ask
such a favor.
Mr. DAWES. Very well; I yield to the
gentleman for a few minutes.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I
have no particular objection to the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts
for reference to the Committee on the Rules,
although I am rather inclined to think, after
the explanation of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Mcxgen,] that it is not applicable as in-
tended. By the Constitution, of course, every
man of each House of Congress is not to be
held responsible for language used in debate;
but as I understand it, the speech of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Mcngen] in reference
to the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] applied to him not as a member of the
Senate but as a public lecturer; and in my
judgment he had a perfect right to make such
reflections as he did in that speech. But be
that as it may, I hope the Committee on the
Rules will inquire in reference to the protection
afforded a member of Congress by the law and
Constitution, and will as well protect the gen-
tleman from Ohio if he has not violated either
of them.
In respect to the privilege allowed to mem-
bers to publish their speeches in the Globe,
I object seriously to that privilege being cutoff,
for it would, sir, in my opinion, cut off the
speeches of some of the best men in the House,
and I might say of the very best men in the
Honse. The best speeches in my experience,
having "been a member of this House for two
years—some of the best speeches published in
the Globe have not been delivered at all on
this floor. And for a very good reason: the
most discreet and the most modest men upon
this floor seldom get an opportunity to be heard.
And even if they are heard, what effect do their
speeches produce upon this House, however
eloquent and able they may be? What is the
object of making speeches here? Is it for the
purpose of advancing argument to secure favor-
able consideration from those here who hold a
contrary opinion? That is seldom or never
accomplished. It is to get the opinions of mem-
bers before the country; and I dare say the
people of the country read the very best speeches
in the Globe which have not been delivered
in this House at all. I feel this sensibly, and
therefore I object to cutting off this privilege
of publishing speeches in the Globe.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck]
alluded in his remarks to Mr. Jones and Mr.
Smith scratching their heads and writing out
speeches in their rooms to be published in the
Globe, although never delivered in the House.
It had application to me, although I am aware
not intended, only in one instance. X* did cluim
the privilege on one occasion of publishing
some remarks in the Globe; and why? For
this reason: I was a member of a committee,
and the House refused permission to the minor
ity either to make a minority report or to hear
what the members of that minority had to s.iy
in support of the position which they occupied.
I say now that that majority report was not.
true in its facts, as I afterward showed. [
then claimed the privilege of writing out n:y
views on the subject and having them published
in the Globe.
Iam opposed to cutting off this privilege.
In my judgment, it would cut off some of the
best speeches of members of this House.
Daily we see men get up and make speeches
hour after hour to whom we would rather not
listen ; but they always manage to get the floor,
and so we have to bear it patiently. This is as
applicable to my own side of the House as to
the other, although I have the highest regard
for my Democratic colleagues upon this floor.
I desire to say that many men whom the coun-
try have sent here, from native modesty o*
want of practice in debate, have been deterred
from seeking the floor and expressing them-
selves upon public questions ; and the cutting
off of this privilege of publishing speeches in
the Globe will only have the effect of pre-
venting them from being heard. The men who
are always ready to take the floor, appealing
always to be heard by the House, will not of
course make objection to cutting off this priv-
ilege. But, sir, I understand the object of
publishing debates in the Globe is for the in-
formation and benefit of the country; and I
protest, although I may never ask the favor of
publishing a speech not spoken upon this floor,
against cutting off this privilege.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts to yield to me.
Mr. DAWES. I will to hear a suggestion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This practice of pub-
lishing essays in the Globe never delivered in
the House has groTtyi to be an evil, for which
there ought to be a remedy. An essay, or
whatever you may call it, printed in the Globe,
which was never spoken in the House, is in no
sense to be considered as a speech. It is
rather to be taken as a letter or an essay for
the information of gentlemen's constituents.
It was never intended when the Globe was
started that anything but what was legitimate
debate should be published ; and I hope that
the gentleman from Massachusetts will not
leave this question without referring to the
Committee on the Rules the resolution which
has come over to us from the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. This debate has traveled far
from the question. I desire the resolution
I have offered separated entirely from the
other question, whether it is proper to have a
speech not delivered at all printed or not.
The question is whether the gentleman from
Ohio, having obtained leave under the rule to
print his speech as if delivered, printed one in
violation of the rule. That should be kept
clear and distinct from all other questions.
The other questions are proper for consider-
ation in their place; this is a question separate
and distinct from all others.
This leads me to an allusion which was made
by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voor-
hees] about the propriety of my bringing up
this question. I will say that there is no man
on this floor so conscious as I am of my fre-
quent violation of the rules of this House in
debate. But, sir, I venture to say that I never
uttered a word in violation of the rules which
was premeditated.
Mr. VOORHEES. I did not mean to say
that the gentleman did.
Mr. DAWES. Whatever I have at any time
said of a personal character or otherwise in the
transgression of the rules the gentleman from
