410
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Senate.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Casserly.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
scientioua men wielding the powers of Govern-
ment to hold out to their fellow-men, of such
a class as I have described, controlled by such
passions as rage most during the excitement
of great party contests; men incapable of self-
control or of any high motive of action, as
most of those thus hastily appointed by these
hundreds of commissioners must inevitably be.
Is it a fit thing, I ask of Senators, to tempt
such a class of persons at every step with ten
dollars here and ten dollars there, with an
unlimited right to fees, fees for crossing the
street, fees for five minutes' service; the most
of them to bo paid in any event out of the
Treasury of the United States on the certificate
of the judge of the district court, as far as their
fees are concerned. Their " calling and elec
tion" are made "sure." I submit to Sen-
ators that they have no right, not the least, to
hold out such temptations to abuse their pow-
ers to the needy and shiftless men who would
be willing to take appointments from the com-
missioners.
Section eleven authorizes the President to
order the Federal district, judges, for the pur-
poses of the act, to go to and fro from point
to point anywhere in their districts. 1 cannot
imagine a section so enormous will be suffered
to stand. I shall therefore dispose of it very
shortly. When, in the New Testament, the
Centurion intended to signify most emphatic-
ally the perfect control which he supposed the
Redeemer of man to have over the subject
upon which he addressed him he cited his
own case. He spoke of himself as being a
man in authority, who had soldiers under him ;
that he said to one man " Go," and he went;
to another man "Come," and he came. By
all this he meant to signify the absolute power
he had river his men. Such almost is the con-
trol which section eleven of this most extraor-
dinary bill undertakes to give to t.lie Presi-
dent over a part of the judiciary of tho United
States.
Does any man suppose this is constitutional ?
Why, sir, "appropriate legislation" to enforce
an amendment means legislation that is adapted
to enforcing that amendment, and which is
not in violation of that amendment or of any
of the leading provisions of tho Constitution.
Now, I suppose it will be admitted, even in
these days when it, is so much the habit to bring
the Constitution into contempt, that if there is
one thing clear in the Constitution, it is that
the executive and the judicial and the legis-
lative branches are all separate and independ-
ent one of the other, and that the judiciary in
an especiul maimer is entirely beyond the bid-
ding and control of the Executive. Yet, under
section eleven you give to the President all the
dominion and control over tho district judges,
short of authorizing him to dictate their decis-
ions.
In like manner section twelve of the bill is
an extraordinary and obvious violation of the
Constitution.
_ Mr. POOL. Will the Senator from Califor-
nia allow rae to make a statement?
Air, CASSEIiLY. Certainly.
Mr. FOOL. I wish to call the attention of
the Senator to the fact that sections seven,
eight, nine, ten, eleven, and twelve of this bill
are copied from the civil rights bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am discussing this bill
as a bill to enforce the fifteenth amendment.
1 he civil rights bill had another object. Yet
I am surprised to hear that there are such pro-
visions in that act. I do not think anybody
lias ever thought of enforcing them, or ever
supposed them to be valid or constitutional.
It certainly cannot be the law, while the Con-
stitution stands, that a President who is a can-
didate for reelection, for instance, can sur-
round the polls at one, or at mauy, or at all
the precincts in a particular State, or in any
number of States, with his soldiers and his
marines to intimidate the voters and control
the result.
Mr. POOL. My only purpose in interrupt-
ing the Senator was to call his attention to the
fact that those sections were in the civil rights
bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. Well, sir, if those sec-
tions are from the civil rights bill, as the Sen-
ator from North Carolina says, then the civil
rights bill deserves all and more than has ever
been said against it.
But, sir, even if the civil rights bill does contain
such provisions, even if the Congress of the
United States, under the heats and the exi-
gencies of a most bitter conflict between itself
and tho Executive, did pass such a bill, is it a
proper thing to repeat that error now? Does it
furnish any reason for a second violation of the
Constitution, and, as every man must admit, of
the traditions, usages, and ideas of the Amer-
ican people in regard to their elections?
But, sir, I shall show presently that this
whole bill, from the first line to the"last, is a
violation of the fifteenth amendment itself, is
manifestly and grossly unconstitutional. I am
merely discussing now the inherent objections
to the bill itself, in its tenor and purview.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him for a moment? I will say to
the Senator from North Carolina that he is
entirely mistaken. There is not one word in
the civil rights bill on the subject of the right
to vote. There is not one provision in it
intended to secure or protect anybody in the
right, to vote. _ The right to vote is wholly out-
side of that bill; and every provision in that
bill is limited to the object and purpose of the
bill, which is declared in the first section of
the act;
"That all porsons born in the United States ancl
not subject to any foreign Power, excluding Indians
not taxed, aro hereby declared to be citizens of tho
united St&tos, and such citizens, of overy race and
color, without regard to any previous condition
of slavery or involuntary servitude, except as a
punishment for crime whereof tho party shall havo
been duly convicted, shall havo the sa.mo right m
every State <md Territory in tho United States to
make and enforeo contracts, to sue, bo parties, find
Kive ovidenoe, to inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold,
and convey real and personal property, and tu full
and equal benefit of all laws and proceedings for tho
•security of person and property as is enjoyed by white
eilr/,ons; aud shall be subject to lilco punishment,
pnins, and ponakies, and to none other, anv law,
statute, ordinance.regulation, or eustomto tho con-
trary notwithstanding."
II, deals simply with rights of life, liberty,
person, property, it does not touch political
rights at nil, has nothing in the world to do
with the elective franchise, ft was passed be
fore the fifteenth amendment became any part
of the Constitution, and could not have any
reference whatsoever to the elective franchise.
Every other section in the bill is simply to give
effect to that first section, so that there is noth-
ing whatever in this bill that has any applica-
tion or similitude even to this twelfth section,
which authorizes the President to substitute
his officers of the Army as judges of election
instead of those provided by law.
_Mr. POOL. If the Senator from California
will allow me to reply to what the Senator from
Ohio says, I shall be obliged to him. As a
matter of course I did not mean to intimate
that the right to vote or anything about suffrage
was in the civil rights bill. I meant merely to
say that certain rights secured in that bill were
to bo enforced by certain machinery, and a
psirt of that machinery was the appointment
of all these commissioners, about which the
Senator from California spoke. Another part
of the machinery was taking a judge from the
circuit and sending him wherever the President
pleased, to which the Senator from Ohio ob-
jected yesterday. Another part, of it was using
the Army and Navy of the United States and
the militia for the purpose of carrying into
effect what was secured in the civil rights bill.
Here is a political right, granted by the fifteenth
amendment, which we propose now to have
carried into execution, and the very same ma-
chinery is adopted.
Mr. THUliMAN. Butdoes myfriendfrom
North Carolina suppose that the same ma-
chinery is adapted to every possible case? Has
lie found a universal catholicon for all diseases,
so that you can give precisely the same pill, no
matter what ails the patient?
Mr. POOL. I have known some pills so
good that they cured more diseases than one.
The Senate committee seem to have thought
the machinery of the civil rights bill a very
good pill lor this case ; and I ask the Senator
from California why it is not as good here as
it was there?
Mr. CASSERLi . I, too, have known 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senatoi
allow me to read a clause from an act of Con
gress passed in ] 865 ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. A law passed in 1855 pro-
vides—■
'That, it shall not be lawful for any military or
naval officer of tho United States or other person
engaged in the civil, military, or naval service of tho
United States, to Older, 'inns,', keep, or have under
his authority or control, aiiv troops or nrmed men.&t
the place where any general or special election is
held in any .State ot the Hinted States of America,
un 1 ess it shall bo nei-es*aly to 1 epcl the armeil ene-
mies of the United States, or to keep the peace nt tho
polls; and that it siiall not be Uuvtul tor any otiiuer
of the Army or Navy of tho United States to prescribe
or lix, or attempt to presenbooi fix, by proclamation
order, oy otherwise, thequulilicatiousof voters m any
State ot the United States ot America, orui any man-
ner to Hiteiiere with the tieedoni of any election in
any State, or with tho exercise ot tho free right ot
suflrage ill any Stato of the United States ; any offi-
cer ot the Army or Navy ot the United States, or
other person engaged in tho civil, military, or naval
service ot the United States, who violates this section
of this aot, shall, for overy such offense, bo liable to
indictment as lor a misdemeanor in any court ot the
United Slates having jurtsdictioti to hear, try, aud
determine cases ot misdemeanor, and on conviction
thereof shall pay a tine not exceeding So,000. and sut-
ler imprisonment in the penitentiary not less than
three months nor more than five yearn, at tho discre-
tion of the court trying the same; and any person
convicted as atorosaul shall, moreover, be disquali-
fied from holding any office of honor, profit, or trust,
under tho (iovernmoiit ol the United Stales."
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. X ask the Senator to allow
the Senate to determine whether they will have
a recess to-night.
Mr. CASSLRL\ . I would rather close my
remarks lirst j i shall be through presently. A
motion for a recess will lead to a debate, and,
as I have nothing written, it disturbs very'much
the thread ot my discourse to have a debate
spring up between four or five Senators.
Tlie .PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Nye iu
the chair.) The Senator from California is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. CASSIiRLY. The Senator from North
Carolina seems to think that because Congress
passed a bad law in 1868 it should pass another
equally bad now. True, the subject matter
is different. The Senator, however, seems to
think that the congressional doctors have dis-
covered a pill that is a universal panacea—a
general remedy for all diseases iu the body-
politic. 1 have heard of doctors who did not
like to take their own medicine, and I fancy
this sort of pill is just the medicine which the
congressional doctors would not take them-
selves. Then wo have heard of purges that,
kill the patient; and perhaps this pill, if thor-
oughly administered as designed by the Judi-
ciary Committee, might have that unfortunate
effect. If there is a disposition to repeat former
legislation, why not repeat the good legisla-
tion of 18tj5, in the act just read by my friend
from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] rather than the
unconstitutional and already obsolete legisla-
tion of 1806 and 1867?
Bat, sir, I was about to call attention to the
