5260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
by the election of the House, against the will
and votes of the districts they assume to rep-
resent !
I repeat, sir, the threatening danger of the
hour is in the usurpations of power by this
House, and not in an occasional altercation or
quarrel between a citizen and member) in which
the member may get the worst of it. The time
may come when the people will demand of the
majority of this House that they surrender the
power they have so long wielded to the peo-
ple's Representatives, when, strengthened by
the assumption of neto and extraordinary power
and privileges, you may elect to consider the de-
mand as a'eontempt, and rallying your follow-
ers under the mace of tbe Sergeant-at-Arms go
forth to punish all those who have the temerity
to question your right. Once embarked upon
the sea of constructive crimes and contempts,
your unhallowed jurisdiction is as boundless
as the ocean itself. There is no limit except
your unrestrained will; no end to the wrongs
and outrages that may be perpetrated except
that which demolished the Star Chamber and
the Bastile.
Mr. Speaker, what principle of our law made
for the protection of the liberty of the citizen
has not been violated in the person of the pris-
oner at the bar? I ask, not in defense of the
prisoner—you have denied him a hearing at this
bar by his counsel—I ask it in vindication of
the law, what principle for the safety and pro-
tection of the citizen has not already been vio-
lated by this House? He was arrested with-
out warrant; he has been deprived of his liberty
'without duo process of law. He is subject to
be twice put in jeopardy for the same offense.
He has been denied a speedy and public trial
by an impartial jury of the Slate and district
wherein the crime was committed. He has not
been properly informed of the nature and cause"
of the accusation. He is not permitted hero
before his triers to be confronted with the wit-
nesses against him. He is denied the assist-
ance of counsel for his defense. He has been
immured in a dungeon without sentence and
refused bail. He is now menaced with cruel
and unusual punishment by imprisonment be-
yond this session of Congress. He is still held
in defiance of all those guarantees of personal
liberty declared in the Constitution.
As yet there is no law, written or unwritten,
for this proceeding. The prisoner here is, like
every man on this floor, profoundly ignorant
of what law of this House ho has violated, of
what crime he is to be pionounccd guilly, what
penalty is to be pi escribed. Ail is yet locked
in the breasts of the members of the House.
Such proceedings as these penetrate the very
heart of the Constitution; they are the wan-
tonness of arbitrary and irresponsible power,
before which liberty trembles. It is lawless-
ness, it is oppression pure and simple ; op-
pression without cause, without benefit, wiih-
out, subserving any public or private good. As
such 1 denounce it without qualification.
I now yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. After the very exhaustive and
able argument of the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Ki,i)uij)(;u] I do not presume to add
anything as to the law of the case. The Jaw
seems to be settled by the precedents which
have been quoted, and the reasons of the lav/
seem to be clear. The object of these ques-
tions of privilege is simply for the protection
of the parliamentary body ; either to protect
the persons of its members, the integrity of
the House in its membership, or for the pur-
pose of securing the attendance in the House
of a quorum of members for the transaction
of the public business. 1 think that is the
scope and meaning of die opinion of the court
in the ease of Anderson vs. Dunn, in G
Wheaton. That is about all that ease decides,
except that it decides also something in regard
to the right to punish, and what the punish-
ment shall be.
In reference to the matter of punishment I
confess that the law is somewhat ambiguous.
The rale is that the punishment, if by way of
imprisonment, shall terminate with the end of
the session. Otherwise a man might be kept
in prison after the adjournment of the body by
the order of which he was imprisoned, and no
power in heaven or on the earth or under the
earth, by habeas corpus or in any other way,
could ever bring him forth again to the light.
Therefore the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has this one
objection: there is no power left during the
vacation by which this man can be reached
either for clemency or for rescue. I hold to
the interpretation that the punishment should
cease with the termination of the session.
But it seems to me that we are really wast-
ing the public time, which is a matter of much
more consequence, perhaps, than any case of
this kind, in trying a little case of assault and
battery. The only object of protecting the
members of this House is that they may be able
to go in safety to and from the House; that
they shall have free ingress to and egress from
the House, and that they shall not be molested
for words spoken in debate. That is the limit-
ation, in my judgment, of our power to punish
for breaches of privilege. But here we are try-
ing a case where, so far as 1 can gather the facts
from the report, there was no intended and no
substantial breach of the privilege of the mem-
ber. lie was not going from or returning to his
post of official duty at Washington. He was not
assaulted for words spoken in debate. There
was nothing connecting him at the time with
this House in any such way as to call for the
interposition of this extraordinary power of
privilege. Why, sir, in Boston or New York an
assault and battery case of this kind would be
disposed of in ten minutes and at a cost of ten
dollars or less. Yet, this House of .Represent-
atives is wastingsome §20,000 of preciouspub-
lic money for the purpose of trying a case of
assault and battery such as befits the jurisdic-
tion of a police court I
As to some of the facts in this case, there
may be room for difference of opinion ; but
one thing is perfectly clear from the evidence :
that the honorable member from Virginia (and
I speak of him with entire respect) was not at
the time of the assault ill the act of returning
to the House of Representatives. On this point
I need only cite page 55 of the report. More
than this, there is no evidence to satisfy my
mind that Patrick Woods ever knew that Mr.
I'oKTion occupied the honorable position of
member of Congress.
The case, however, is resolved into an assault
and battery upon Mr. Pobtlii, not as a man,
but as a Congressman. Hence, when Mr.
PoiiTtiit was struck by this belligerent Celt, it
was not man as man, not human nature nor
human society which was outraged, but Con-
gress! It was Congress that was struck.
"Then X, and you, and all of us felt down."
[Laughter.]
But as Congress is ati abstraction, to assail
it would be to strike against the impalpable
air. It would strain the assailant, and leave
the assailed as untouched as the Miltome angels
with their celestial ichor when the Satanic
swords went through their celestial bodies.
It being impossible, therefore, to strike Con-
gress as such, when a member is hit it results
in this ; that each member is hit or else there
is no offense. Patrick Woods, therefore, when
he struck the member, struck first the Speaker.
In doing this he struck by construction the
constituents of the third district in Maine, and
therefore the State of Maine. As Maine is a
part of our consolidated Union, she communi-
cates her indignity to Massachusetts. The
gentlemau from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
and the whole Appropriation Committee, and
his colleague, [Mr. Butleii,] and the Recon-
struction Committee, with its amnesty bill, are
struck. Of course we could all feel it when
Massachusetts is struck. [Laughter.] Massa-
chusetts, by reason of her overruling relations
to the rest of the Union, would howl in dis-
mal agony, and at once the pain and sympathy
would reach every part of our Union. Not
alone this House, but nature herself, by the
transcendental philosophy, feels the blow and
gives " signs of woe !"
A similar argument might be constructed to
show that when Congressmen are struck the
concurrent branch—the Senate—and even the
executive department, would also-feelthe blow.
Hence, when Patrick Woods, under the influ-
ence of lightning whisky and Donnybrook mem-
ories, strikes a member, the offense is some-
thing great—lese magistratis; it is scandalum
magnatim! This striking of all the Congress-
men vicariously through the honorable mem-
ber from Virginia is by no means to be ex-
cused. It is a gross indignity, without regard
to the size, politics, or character of members.
Whether the indignity be offered to the gigan-
tic member from Maine [Mr. Morrill] or
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,] whoseweight
each is three hundred pounds, [laughter,] or
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Getz,]
who weighs but little over my own avoirdupois,
the indignity is of the same magnitude. The
smallest members may have the largest sensi-
bilities, and perhaps the largest constituencies;
and while it is likely that the smaller members
here, including myself, may not be so anxious
for the protection of Congress as the larger
members, and while it may be conceded that
the smaller members can best take care of
themselves, still the principle of protection
is the same. As a New York member, I stand
on my " muscle." [Laughter.] I will not do
as the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eli>-
iudoe] suggests; I will not have a breastplate
fixed either to the front or to the rear, to let
the people know that I am a member of Con-
gress, and therefore my flesh is sacred from
all contact wit.li hoi polloi. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. You will, if the rules
require it.
Mr. COX. I will not, even if the rules of the
House require it. I will not use any such breast-
plate for any part of my system. [Laughter.]
Now, aside from the constitutional ques-
tions, is there not some difficulty in securing
the popular approbation for this trial of
Woods by Congress? I feel sad and sorry
when I see distinguished lawyers like my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgkam,] and my distin-
guished friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler,] who tried the great impeachment case,
now trying the little case of Patrick Woods
for assault and battery. [Laughter.] Then,
as I said before,
" What a fall was there, my countrymen !
Then X, and you, and all of u< fell down.
"Whilst bloody treason flourished over us."
[Laughter.]
Is the trial fair? Are we not interested?
Is not the jury the party injured? Can we
render a fair verdict? Is it not better to
change ihe venue to the Richmond magistracy?
Is it not approaching a farce to try this ques-
tion as one of privilege? There is a vague
feeling among the people that some Congress-
men ought to be whipped. This feeling is the
result ot our debates and conduct here.
I regret to say that this man has not been as
discriminating as he ought. But it may bo
considered one of their reserved rights, one of
the conservative elements of our system, that
the people should keep on their best and
heaviest brogans for the chastisement, direc-
tion, and instruction of their Congressmen.
[Laughter.] The only doubt in the popular
mind is, who shall kick the members? Since
members call eacli other liars, thieves, cow-
ards, and assassins, and no fighting here results,
it is naturally expected that some member
should thrash some other member, and thus
settle these matters in a muscular mode. The
