172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
This whole question of suffrage,'whether for
negroes or for whites, or for white men or
women, is after all the great question of our
lime in this country. It is the question that
underlies allothers. We have an elective Gov-
ernment proceeding upon that principle and
doctrine from its first to its last act, and that
power is now sought by this fifteenth amend-
ment to be consolidated into the hands of Con-
gress, that the, central Government shall con-
tain the control of the qualification of voters
in all the various States. I regard it as most
unhappy; I regard it as the most revolutionary
measure in its effect that has ever yet been
presented for passage to the Congress of the
(Jnited States or to the people of the States.
If it were an ordinary amendment my objec-
tion to the method by which its adoption is
sought to be obtained would apply ; but in an
extraordinaryamendment, one that will change,
in my opinion, the very character of our Gov-
ernment, I say that it is monstrous that the
people of the various States should not have
the fullest and freest expression of their will
on the subject. And yet, look at what in sub-
stance has been done and what is proposed to
be done. It is to turn the question of choice
into a mere farce. It is " your money or your
life" to the southern States, and the northern
States are to bo made the victims of the weak-
ness and inability of the southern States to
maintain themselves and their constitutional
rights on this subject.
Mr. President, I feel most deeply my inabil-
ity, my want of preparation in the present
case to say what I should like to have the
opportunity of saying in opposition to this bill.
Ii is not that I believe that anything that may
come from the feeble minority in this body,
and I its feeblest member, could have any
effect in staying legislation which has been
decreed as a party necessity. I would most
t-ineertOy desire to have every act of mine and
every vote of mine tested by the limitations of
the Federal Constitution. I would have no
questionable measure passed whether it stood
i'or_ or against the accident of the hour with
which my political affiliations were connected.
"It is with that reason and following that idea
that 1 have occupied the attention of the Senate
for the time that I have on this subject.
Itis because I believe tuatthis actisanunfair
and an unjust act to the people of the community
against which it is directed; it is remanding
them back to military power only ; it is undoing
(he work that they have done heretofore at your
behest, and fully done ; it is adding conditions
which at that time you had not considered or
invented or prescribed for them. Unjust and
unwarrantable as is this bill toward them it
tells with equal injustice against the people of
other States whose will is that this constitutional
amendment should not be adopted. Therefore
it is that 1 object to the passage of the bill.
There is much proposed by the fifteenth amend-
ment. Whether it be a prolongation of power
to one party over another, whether it be the
millennium supposed to come with the advent
ot the negro race to the right of suffrage, I know
not; but I believe both of those plans will meet
with defeat. I believe they are short-sighted.
I believe they are against nature just as much
aSi o ^ areaKa'nst the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. Gentlemen may have all the negro
suffrage they please, and they may get amend-
ments adopted, per fas autnefas, as they please,
but there are some things still they cannot do ;
they cannot reverse the laws of nature, and
they never will make a negro the equal of a
white man.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I suppose
that most Senators are familiar with the argu-
ments that have been urged to-day against the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Indi-
ana. _ I am sure that I have heard them sub-
stantially since the beginning of the rebellion,
and they have had about the same effect here-
tofore as I suppose they will have upon this
occasion.
The main argument urged against the adop-
tion of this amendment is that the State of
Georgia is not allowed to express itsown will,
but there is some restriction put upon it by the
action of Congress. Sir, if the State of Geor-
gia was allowed to exercise its own will it would
not be one of the United States of America,
but the Government would be destroyed and
the Union dissolved. This identical argument
was urged at the beginning of the rebellion,
that Congress in attempting to put down that
rebellion was usurping power and infringing
the constitutional rights of the revolted States;
and that argument has been repeated ad nau-
seam from that day up to this time.
Mr. BAYARD. May I interrupt the Senator ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator this question: whether he considers that
by her adoption of the fourteenth amendment
and the passage of the various measures re-
quired by Congress Georgia has exhibited
herself as willing and anxious to keep out of
the Union ? We are considering the action of
Georgia sinee these measures of reconstruction
were in existence, and I ask the honorable
Senator whether he considers that the action
of Georgia in adopting the fourteenth amend-
ment and in passing the acts which Congress
required of her have been proofs of her anx-
iety to break up this Government?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think, if I am not mis-
taken, Mr. President, that when the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution was proposed
for the adoption of Georgia objections were
made identical with those that have been urged
to-day, and the same answer was made then
as is now made to these objections : that Geor-
gia had engaged in a rebellion against the Fed-
eral Government; that she bad ceased to have
any civil State organization, and that that
amendment, together with the other leg'islation
by Congress, was necessary to put down the
rebellion and bring that State back into the
Union with a government in harmony with the
Constitution of the United States. We claim
that this fifteenth amendment is one of the
measures necessary to restore that State to the
Union with the rights of all her citizens pro-
tected, for it was a part of the reconstruction
measures not only to establish arid perpetuate
the freedom of the black men of the South,
but to protect them in the possession of those
rights which enable them to enjoy life, liberty,
and property like other American citizens. I
think, therefore, there is little or no force in that
argument against the proposed amendment.
But the Senator from Ohio is astonished,
as lie appears to have recently come from a
reading of the fathers of the Republic, that
any amendment to the Constitution adopted by
a portion of the States should operate m any
other States of the Union. I suppose the
honorable Senator forgot that the Constitution
itself recognizes the principle of coercion.
When the Constitution was made there were
thirteen States in the Confederation, when the
Constitution was adopted by nine of those
thirteen the other four were compelled to
submit to its provisions. Now, there are
thirty-seven States in the Union, and if twenty-
eight States ratify the fifteenth amendment
the other States are compelled to acquiesce
in that amendment as a part of the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say that by the provisions of the Con-
stitution when nine States ratified it it became
obligatory not only upon those nine but upon
the remaining four who might reject it? Is
that his reading of the history of the Constitu-
tion ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will read the provision
of the Constitution: ' !
"The Congress, whenorcrtwo third.- of both Houses i
shall deem it ne^ef-sary, ^liall jn amendments !
to this Constitution, or on the application of the
Legislatures of two thirdsof the several States shall
call a convention for proposing amendments, which,
in either case shall be valid to ail intents andpur-
poses as part of this Constitution when ratified by tbo
Legislatures of three fourths of the several States or
by "■'inventions in three fourths thereof, as the one
or the othermodo of ratification may bo proposed by
the Congress: Provided," &e.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator will pardon-
me ; that is not what I asked him about, nor
what he stated.
Mr.-WILLIAMS. I do not claim that the
original ratification by nine States bound the
other four. If I made that statement it was
an error in expression which I wish to correct.
But I mean to say, as I intended to refer to the
amendment now pending, that if twenty-eight
States do now ratify the fifteenth am en dmen t the
other nine States arebound by that amendment,
notwithstanding they may reject it by the action
of their respective Legislatures; so that there
is in the Constitution a power of compulsion
which seems to be so objectionable to the Sen-
ator from Ohio. I only refer to that, not because
itis particularly pertinent to thequestion before
the Senate, but the distinguished Senator pro-
nounced it an atrocious doctrine, a monstrous
doctrine, somethingthatwas never known to the
fathers of the Republic, that by the action of a
given number of States any other number of
States might be bound by a constitutional pro-
vision ; and he suggested that it would be great
injustice to the State of Ohio if she rejected the
fifteenth amendment to have the other States,
by their adoption, make it a part of the Consti-
tution and binding upon that State.
Mr. THURMAN. I beg the Senator to
allow me to interrupt biiri. I said no such
thing, nor anything like it. I did not complain
that it bccame a part of the Constitution if
three fourths of the States adopted it. What
I complain of is that you coerce three fourths
to adopt i t instead of giving them a free choice.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know what the distin-
guished Senator said. He complained of the
coercion of the States into a submission to a
con slitutional provision to which they objected.
I simply reply that twenty-eight of the States
can coerce thirty-seven States into submission
to an amendment to the Constitution ; so that
the doctrine of coercion at which he seems so
much alarmed is not altogether unknown to the
Constitution.
* Now, sir, a word as to the coercion imposed
upon the State of Georgia by this proposed
amendment. It may be called coercion or not,
as you please. Georgia saw proper for reasons
best known to herself to engage in a conspiracy
for the dissolution of the Union; she withdrew
her representation from Congress and under-
took to destroy the Government of the United
States; and Congress undertakes to say that'
before she shall resume her representation in
these Halls she shall comply with certain terms
and conditions which, in the judgment of Con-
gress, are necessary for the peace and welfare
of the country. That Congress has the power
to impose these terms and conditions upon the
rebel States is a question that I regard settled
forever in this country. It is now too late to
discussor controvert the right of Congress upon
that subject. Sir, it has been determined, not
only by repeated decisions of the legislative
department of the Government, but it has been
submitted to, reviewed by, and affirmed by the
American people time and again, and the doc-
trine has been^recognized, too, by the Supreme
Court of the United States in affirming that it
belongs to the political department of the Gov-
ernment to say when a Slate government does
or not exist within a State. '
Now, sir, it is intimated that it is dangerous
to proceed in this way because it may hap-
Pen and I understood the intimation to refer
to some possible decision by the Supreme
Court—that that court may decide upon some
future occasion that the ratification of an
amendment to the Constitution in this way
would not be a valid ratification. I presume it
is not to be understood that Congress will undo
