1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4817
testimony of Colonel Humphreys, as I was uncon-
scious a portion of the time.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
CHARLES II. PORTER.
Hon. James G. Blaine,
Speaker of the Houte of Representatives.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to know if the
gentleman from Virginia was at the time of the
assault on his way returning to this House?
Mr. PORTER. 1 was; but was first going
to my house.
Mr. WARD. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Speaker Jo issue liis warrant,
directed to the Sergeant-at-Arms attending this
House, commanding him to take in custody where
ever to be found, tlie body of Patrick W oods,alias Pa t.
Dooley, and the same m his custody to keep.subjcet
to the further order and direction of this House.
Mr. Speaker, the resolution I have offered
is drawn in accordance with the precedent to
be found in the proceedings of this House in
the year 1832. Mr. Stanbury, a member of the
House from the State of Ohio, was assaulted
by General Sam Houston in the street. Mr.
Stanbury made a statement of the facts to the
House, and a Warrant was issued on that state-
ment. The resolution which was passed direct-
ing a warrant to be issued was framed in tho
very language of the resolution which I have
now submitted. Mr. Speaker, this is plainly
and clearly a breach of the privileges of this
House. A gross assault was committed upon
a member of this House, absent upon leave,
without any provocation 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 rise to a question of
order. I wish first to inquire how this matter
comes before the House?
The SPEAKER. In a letter, addressed by
the gentleman from Virginia, which the Chair
laid before the House as a question of priv-
ilege.
Mr. ELDRIDGB. Is unanimous consent
required ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin knows that a question of privilege does
not require unanimous consent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But I desire to know
whether it is a question of privilege. It seems
to me that it is not, for the reason that it does
not appear that this assault was made upon the
gentleman in his character as a member of
Congress.
The SPEAKER. That is for the House to
determine on investigation. But the Chair
will state that an assault on a member has
always been held to be a question of privilege.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. i raise the point of order
that the paper itself on its face does not show
that the assault was made on the gentleman
from Virginia in his capacity as a member of
Congress, or that it was deMgned to interfere
with him as a member of Congress ; and that
this, therefore, is not a question ol privilege.
Th« SPEAKER. The paper states on its
face that a violent assault was committed on
the gentleman from Virginia with the intention
of murdering him. The Chair thinks that that
would interfere with him as a member ot Con-
gress. , .
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That may be a funny
decision, but I think there is more wit in it
than sense. ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman from Wiscon-
sin is familiar with the rules of the^ House,
and must certainly know that from time im-
memorial, without an exception, when an
assault on a member was brought before the
House it has been ruled to be a question ot
high privilege.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I never supposed that
it was a question of privilege where the assault
upon a member was not in consequence of his
character or action as a member of Congress.
Mr. WARD. I do not think, m view of the
statement by the gentleman from Virginia, and
the decision of the Chair, that there can °:ny
. doubt that this is a question of privilege, which
it clearly is, tliat we should take up further
time in discussing this matter. I therefore
demand the previous question.
The question was put on seconding the
previous question ; and there were—ayes 96,
noes 23.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; which was
on agreeing to Mr. Ward's resolution.-
Mr. MUNGEN. On that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry as to this vote. Do I under-
stand the Speaker to say that an assault upon
a member of Congress, not having relation to
any action he may have taken on this floor,
and outside of this city, is a breach of the
privileges of this House? Has the Chair so
decided?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that
any assault on a member which that member
in his capacity as such brings to the attention
of the House must be ruled as a question of
privilege. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Pouter] was absent by leave of the House,
and lie states that at the time of the assault he
was on his return to tho House of Representa-
tives for the purpose of attending to his public
duties. The Chair cannot imagine that there
can by any possibility be a difference of opinion
as to its being a question of privilege.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 126, nays 40, not voting
G4; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Alli-on, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Am oil, Asper, Atwooti, Ayer,.Bailey. Banks, Barry,
Bcaman, Bcatty. Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Boles,
Booker, Boyd, Gcorgo M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley,
Buffinton, Burchard, Roderick It. Butler, Cessna,
Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb. Clinton L.
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conner, Conner, Cullom, Dawes,
Desener, Dickev, Dixon, Donley, Duval, Ela, Ferriss,
Ferry, Einkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Gibson,
Uiltilian, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, llawley, Ilay,
J lavs, lldlin, Hoar, Hotch kiss, Ing'-rsoll, Alexander
II. Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Kctcham, Knapp,
Lafiin, Bash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, May-
llaril, M"Cl'a,ry, McGrew. McKce, McKeuaio, Mc-
Ncely, Mercur, Milucs, Eliakim If. Moore, Jesse H.
Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrcll, Myers, Negley,
O'Neill. Ortli, Packard, Packer, Panic, Palmer, Peck,
Perce, Phelps, Pomeroy, Pressor, Sanford, Sargent.
Sawyer, Scoliold, Lionel A. Sheldon, John A.Smith,
William J. Smith, William Smytfcu Starkweather,
Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Taile,
Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Twicbell.Tyner,
Upson, Van Horn, Ward, "William B. Washburn,
Wheeler, Wlntmorc, Jolin^ T. Wilson, Winans,
Witcher, and Woodward—J
NAYS—Mes.-rs. Archer. Axtell, Bock, Bird, Burr,
Cleveland, Cox, Crel.s, Dox, Eldridge.^Pox. „Get/.,
Haldeman, Hainill, Ilolman, Johnson. Ken, Knott,
Lewis. Mayham, Mmiran, Mungcn, Ni black, Ran-
dall, Reeves, Rice, Ridgway, Rogers, Schumaker,
Sliober, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Sweeney,
Trimble, Van Aukcn, Van Trump, Wells. Winches-
ter, and Wood—40.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, B.irnum, Ben-
jamin, Biggs, Blair, Bowen. -lames Brook*, Bur-
dett, Benjamin Butler, Cake. Calkin, William 'I.
Clark, Covodo, Cowles, Davis, Dickinson, Doekcry,
.Dyer, Earnswoith, Griswold,Ilaiglit, Hate, Hamble-
tou, lleaton. Hill. Hoge, Hooper, Jeuckes, Thomas
L. Jones, Julian, Kclscy, Lynch, Marshall, McCar-
thy McCormick, William Moore, Samuel P. Moriili,
Mornssev, Newsham, Peters, Platl, Poland, Porter,
Potter, Roots, Schcnck, Shanks, Porter Sheldon,
Slicrrod, Slocuin. Worthington C. Smith, Stevens,
Strader Sirens, Swnnn, Van Wyck, Voorliees,Wal-
lace Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welkcr, Wilkinson,
Wiliard, "Williams, and Eugene M. Wilson—til.
So Mr. Vv'Aim's resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
consul at rant1auo db cuba.
Mr. RANKS. I ask that the communica-
tion from the late consul at Santiago de Cuba,
which I presented a moment ago, may be
printed in the Globe.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. GAREiliLD, of Ohio. I ask that two
letters on the same subject may be printed in
the Globe. [Cries of "Object! "]
The SPEAKER. Consent has been refused
to the printing of the document.
Mr. DAWES,
of business.
I demand the regular order
naturalization. • , ,
The SPEAKER. Last evening, just prior to
the adjournment, the bill (H. R. No. 1390) to
establish a uniform system of naturalization
and to regulate proceedings under the same,
reported from the Committee On the Judiciary,
was laid 011 the table. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Davis] moved to reconsider
the vote whereby the bill was laid on the table,
and the gentleman from California [Mr. Sab-
gent] moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table. The question is, " Will the House
lay the motion to reconsider on the table?"
The question was taken ; ahd upon a division
there were—ayes 75, noes 64.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. DAVIS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and, Mr. Davis and
Mr. Sargent were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 71, noes 82.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SARGENT called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The call of the roll was commenced, and some
responses had been made, when
Mr. DAVIS said: I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry in regard to the effect 
Mr. RANDALL. I object to any debate.
Mr. DAVIS. Can 1 not make a parliament-
ary inquiry?
The SPEAKER. Not during the call of
the roil.
The question being taken, it was decided in
tho negative—yeas 85, nays 90, not voting 49 j
as follows:
YEAR—Mess-is. Archer, Ax tell, Beatty, Bock, Bird,
Booker, Boyd, James Brooks, liurehard, Burr, Rod-
erick It. Butler, Calkin, Sidney Clarko, Cleveland,
Conner, Cox. Crebs, Callom, Dox, 151a, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Fitch, Fox, Getz, Gibson,
Griswold, Ilaldcman, Hauiill, Hawkins, Ilay, Hefiin,
Ilolman, Johnson, Judd, Kerr, Knott, Lawrence,
Lewis, Mayham, McCormick. MoNeeiy, Milnes,
Morgan, Morrissoy,Mungen.Niblaek.Orth, Packard,
I'ottor, Randall. Reeves, Itiee, Ridgwa.y, Rogers,
ltoots. Sargent, Sawyor, Sehnmaker, Scofield, Lionel
A. Sheldon. Shober, John A.Smith, Joseph S. Smith,
William Smyth, Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes, Stone,
Strader, Swann, Sweenoy, Taffei Trimble, Tyner,
Upson, Van Aukcn, Van Trump, Wells, Eugene M.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and
Woodward—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Anion,
Atwood, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Bcaman, Benjamin,
liennott, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Ikdcs, George M.
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buflinton, Benjamin E. But-
ler, Cessna, Churchill. Amasa. Cobb, Chilton L. Cobb,
Cook,Conger, Cowles, Davis, Dawes, "Dcgenor, Dickey,
Dixon, Donley, Duval, Ferries, Ferry, Fisher, Gilfil-
la.n, llalo, Hamilton, Harris, Hawloy, Hays, Hoar,
Hotehkiss, IngersoH, Aloxander II. Jones, Kelley,
Kellogg, ICetcham,Ivnapp, Lafiin, Lash. LoughriJge,
Maynard. McCrary, McGrew, McICee, Mereur, Elia-
kim 11. Moore, ./esse II. Moore, Morphis, Dame) J.
Worrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Ncglcy, O'Neii!,
Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peek, Perce, Phelps, Piatt,
Poland. Pomcroy, Porter. Prosser, Sanford, William
J. Smith. Starkweather, Stoughton. Strickland, Tan-
ner, Tavlor, Tillman, Townsend, Twichcll, Van Horn,
Ward. William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Whitmore,
Willard, "Winans, and Witeber—93.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Asper,
Ayer, Barnnm, Biggs, Bowen, Burdett, Cake, Wil-
liam T. Clark, Coburn, Covodc, Dickinson, Dockery,
Dyer, Garfield, Haight, llambleton, Hcaton, Hill,
Ifoge, Hooper, Jenckcs, Thomas L.Jones, Julian,
Keisev. Logan. Lvneh, Marshall, McCarthy, Me Ken-
zie, William Moore, Newsham, Peters, Schenek,
Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Shorrod, Slocuin, Wortbiny-
ton 0. Smith, Stevens, Strong, Van Wyck, Voorhecs,
Wallace, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker, W ilkm-
son, and. Williams—19.
So the motion to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was laid
on the table. „ „ ,
Mr. SARGENT and Mr. ELDRIDGB called
for the yeas and navs on that motion.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to state my object m
moving this reconsideration.
Mr. EINKELNBURG. I object to debate.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. MAYNABD. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry.
