1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1485
Indiana will do me the creuit of believing has
been in the beat of current debate. I never
went to my room and wrote out and printed, or
brought in here and read, a word that reflected
upon any member of this House, though 1 may
have suffered from such a course having been
pursued with reference to myself". I have vio-
lated the rules of debate ; 1 am conscious of
it; but it has been in the heat of debate.
Mr. VOORHEES. 1 hope the gentleman
does not think that 1 uttered the remarks I did
in any spirit of censure. What I said was more
a matter of pleasantry than anything else.
Mr. DAWKS. I i'eit it necessary, after what
the gentleman from Indiana said, though I
knew he had no personal unfriendly feeling
toward me, to say this much, that I might not
have the appearance of occupying the position
of a censor, or of setting myself up as a teacher
of propriety on this Uoor. But I felt it was
necessary that some one should take notice of
that speech, and I thought it specially proper
that a Massachusetts member should do it. If
the House will now adopt this resolution the
responsibility will rest with the Committee on
the Rules, and there I am willing to leave it.
I now call for the previous question.
Mr. N1BLACK. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me for a few moments before he calls
tlie previous question.
Mr. DAWES. 1 cannot yield further.
Mr. WINANS. 1 trust the House will vote
down the previous question, so that debate may
not be shut off.
On seconding the previous question there
were, on a division—ayes 8G, noes 34.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. COX. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts that the Senate reso-
lution on this subject be also referred to the
Committee on the Rules.
Objection was made.
The main question was ordered ; which was
on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. WIN AN .8. I demand the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes fourteen, noes not counted.
So (one fifth of the members present not
voting affirmatively) the yeas and nays were
refused.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. MYERS. I rise to make a privileged
report. I am directed by the committee of con-
ference of the two Houses on the naval appro-
priation bill to submit their report.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes of tho two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (fi. R. No. 1097) making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
lor the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1870, and for other purposes, having met, after full
and free conference,have agreed to recommend and
ilo recommend to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senaterecedefrom their first amendment.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the third amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the second amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: strike outthe words "two millions" and
insert in lieu the words: " one million five hundred
thousand;" and the Senate agree to the same.
II. L. DAWES,
LEONARD MYERS,
J. F. BENJAMIN,
Managers on the part of the House.
LOT M. MORRILL,
A. H. CRAGrIN,
E. CASSERLY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr.MYERS. Thereport,itwill be perceived,
is unanimous. The House Committee on Ap-
propriations, it will be recollected, reported a
bill in favor of the appropriation of $3,000,000,
$2,000,000 to the Bureau of Construction of the
Navy Departmentand $1,000,000 to theBureau
of Steam Engineering. On the motion of the !
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] that !
was reduced one half. The bill went to the 1
Senate, and the Senate restored the original !
amount.
The Navy Department asked for $4,000,000
for the Bureaus of Construction and Repair and
Steam Engineering for the balance of the fis-
cal year. There is no deficiency in the Navy
Department generally, but simply in these
two bureaus. The Department had a suffi-
cient amount of money in other bureaus, and
they asked the privilege of transferring those
amounts to these bureaus. Formerly the Pres-
ident had a right to direct the head of the
Department to do this thing, but, in 1868 we
passed an act which took that right awav and
prevented any such transfer. The Navy De-
partment therefore came to Congress with the
requestthat $4,000,000 of this money might be
taken from certain other branches and put into
these two where money is needed. The Commit-
tee on Appropriations of this House reported
in favor of a transfer of $3,000,000, $2,000,000
for the Bureau of Construction and Repair and
$1,000,000 l'orthe Bureau of Steam Engineer-
ing. But upon the motion of the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] the amount was
reduced one half, and the bill went to the Sen-
ate. The Senate restored the original amount,
$3,000,000. The committee of conference
have agreed to $2,000,000 in the whole bill;
they have increased the amount for construc-
tion $500,000 and left the appropriation for the
Bureau of Engineering as the House passed
it, and the amount passed by the Senate is
reduced $1,000,000.
I may say for myself that I believe with all
the conferees on the part of the Senate, and |
with the Senate, which was unanimous, that as
the Navy Department had said, and the chiefs
of these bureaus had said, they could scarcely
get along with less than $3,000,000. But there
are several thousand men out of employment
now, not discharged, but simply suspended
from work, awaiting this appropriation. The
Navy Department may possibly be enabled to
get along with this small sum, and therefore
I agreed to this report. It was shown to the
committee that we had reduced the estimates
of Secretary Welles for these two bureaus
$1,900,000, and that that was based upon a
mistake of $1,000,000, which he had estimated ;
were in these bureaus, and which were not
there. The committee of conference were j
unanimously of the opinion that the Navy
Department cannot get along with anything
, | less than this amount. If no gentleman desires
to ask any questions I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report of the committee ot
conference was agreed to.
Mr. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
committee service.
Mr. BEAMAN. I rise for the purpose of
i asking to be excused from service on the Com-
! mittee of Elections, being already upon two
i committees, one of which occupies my time
daily.
There was no objection; and Mr. Beaman
was excused.
personal explanation.
Mr. VOORHEES. For the first time in my
life I rise to make a personal explanation, and
possibly to call for one. On Saturday evening,
just before the House adjourned, I left the
Hall, supposing the main business of the day
was over. 1 find in the Globe of Sunday morn-
ing some remarks made by the gentleman from
1 New Hampshire, [Mr. Benton,] and I ask the
1 Clerk to read the passage therein which I have
1 marked.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Mr. Benton. Does the gentleman know anything
aboiu the Sons of Liberty?
" Mr. Niblack. No, sir, except through Repub;
lican sources. I never was a member of that or ot'
any other secret political society.
" Mr. Benton. Docs the gentleman know anything
of combinations formed in tho State of Indiana hav-
ing for their objet to render the tJovernment power-
less in conducting the war'.'
"Mr. Nibl.vck. Nothing but what I have r.ecn in
the newspapers—in the public piints of tho day.
" Mr. IJiixtox. Docs tho genMoman know anything
of the Knights of the Golden Circle?
" Mr. NiiiL.vcic. 1 have j list answered that ques-
tion. I know nothing of them except through the
public prints. Does thegentleman fromNowliar.ip-
shire know anything about them ?
"Mr. Benton. li t he gentleman wants any further
information about them 1 have not time to give it
just now, but would voter him to his colleague, [Mr.
Voorhues.J If he does nut get sulliciont informa-
tion from that gentleman I refer him to Mr. Yallnn-
digham, tho groat Democrat of tiie W est."
Mr. VOORHEES. I usually treat with great,
indifference personal attacks. I do not believe
the gentleman from New Hampshire intended
any great degree of malice in those remarks.
I think he was pressed by my colleague [Mr.
Niblack] for something to say and thought a
retort with the use of my name would be as
good a thing under the circumstances as he
could do. Consequently I am not in any bad
humor about it, and if it had not occurred here
in this presence I should have treated it as I
, have always heretofore treated matters of this
| kind. Had I been present on the floor I should
have answered him at that time. I rise now
for the purpose of saying to that gentleman—
| and I know he will be delighted with the
■ assurance—that I know no more about the
Knights of the Golden Circle than he does; that
I never was a member of any secret political
organization in the world of any kind or descrip-
tion ; that I have opposed them in all their shapes
and forms, from Know-Nothingism down. I
have not the reputation at home of belonging
to the Knights of the Golden Circle, as my friend,
General Washburn, who comes from the same
district and who divkled a seat with me in th«
Thirty-Ninth Congress, and who is now present
on the floor, can assure him. I have not even that
reputation among my political enemies athome.
The best evidence of that fact is that in a district
which my Republican friends created to insure
my defeat, and in which they placed fifteen hun-
dred majority against me, my opponent being
a gallant officer of aregimeut there raised, I re-
ceived as many soldiers' votes as were ever cast
j for the gentleman from New Hampshire. I
j represent a very large district. It casts thirty-
| five thousand votes. It sent twenty thousand
! soldiers to the war. They were at home—all
: save the dead and the lost—when I was before
the people in 1SG8. As the best proof that the
gentleman has not even the excuse of common
understanding, or report, or rumor, on which
to base his charge, I state here that my patriot-
ism is as much above suspicion where I live
as his, and I have received as much support
from men who were in the Army as he has.
- They know that I have been their friend at all
'! times,insubstanceandnotbymerewords. They
know that I have been faithful to their interests
: by my votes ; that I stood by them when they
, were in the field with more than mere lip-ser-
v^ce*
I do not know but I have said all that is
necessary. Only a word further, however. 1
have no doubt that in the estimation of my
friends on the opposite side ot the Chamber I
have many political sins to answer for. If so,
they have all been committed in your face, in
your sight, and in open day. I am not a plotter
or a conspirator by nature or by education. I
could not be if I desired, and I never had the
desire.
This is all. I have no doubt it is very grati-
fying to the gentleman from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Benton.] He should be glad to know
that he was very much mistaken in bringing
in my name where it had no business to be.
Mr. BENTON. The gentleman from Indi-
II ana [Mr. Voorhees] is entirely right in stat-
