1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5261
people have been disappointed in this ; and
their sensibilities are not so keen as they should
he about such outrages.
Then, Mr. Speaker, arises the more import-
ant question, how ought this chastisement to
be done ? A blow on the head might be fatal
to many ; others would not feel it. A dig in
the ribs might suit some of our number, while
there arc other conditions—"fundamental
conditions "—not to be omitted or discussed.
Then the question arises if the privileges of
the Constitution fail to give the proper protec-
tion to members, can there not be for such
purpose a shield, a cuirass, 01* coat of mail
made of Bessemer steel or Pennsylvania nickel,
a hard metal, and therefore preferable ? The
metal being selected, the shield or coat of mail
might be adapted with a neatness of skill to
various parts of the human anatomy, as the
member may elect, and so as to foil the attempts
of the chastiser, and at the same time punish
the party in the act of violence, and by the
unexpectedness of the resistance.
The a posteriori is perhaps one of the most
fatal blows in the science of logomachy; but
when it is met by metallic resistance the re-
troactive effect is powerful on the assailant.
Hence the kind of shield, its mode of arrange-
ment to the assailed part, is of the last im-
portance. Whatever view we take of the mem-
ber thus shielded, the effect oti the popular
mind would be striking. Let the shield be
decorated according to the prevailing taste and
opinion of the people. The shield of Achilles
was a microcosm of all Greece; indeed, of all
ancient civilization. Agriculture, commerce,
war, peace—the very gods were raised in beau-
tiful relief upon the gorgeous work of the celes-
tial blacksmith. To give significance to the
shield, I would discard from the blazoning the
ordinary frauk-mark, "Free Mr. ,
M. C." Franking has lost its emphasis and
significance ; and in spite of such a warning,
some pugnacious and contumacious Woods
might disregard the privilege. Let there be
carved something symbolic of our daily duties.
Let there be a female form holding up her cor-
set and piteously bewailing the tax! Let there
be a brawny Hercules of the lobby, seizing, like
a demi-god, whole valleys, mountains, streams,
in one great "grab," while the railroad bears
away the property and penates of the people.
Let there the figure of Liberty sit in the center
of the shield, with maniac glare and terrific
gesture, tearing to pieces the parchment of the
Constitution I What man so dull that he could
not at once recognize one thus shielded as a
member of this Congress! And if, in his first
impulse, the citizen should lift the sacrile-
gious boot or bend the audacious biceps, the
supernal powers would interfere to stay the
indignity.
Mr. BING-HAM. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now rise to close de-
bate, and I yield fifteen minutes of my hour
to my colleague on the committee, [Mr. Cook. ]
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I ask the atten-
tion of the House for a moment or two, while I
reply to some things, in regard to which I think
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge]
is mistaken, both as to the statements of the facts
and to the law of ths case. The facts here are
very simple and clear. On the 30th day of
May last, in the city of Richmond, Mr. Charles
H. Porter, Representative from the third
district of Virginia, then on leave of absence
at home, and about starting to return to Wash-
ington, was assaulted in the street by Patrick
Woods, now before the bar of the House. The
assault, it is conceded on all hands, was utterly
and entirely without provocation on the part
of Mr. Porter. The fact that Patrick Woods
knew that Mr. Porter was a member of Con-
gress is denied by the member who last spoke ;
but there is no ground for that denial The
proof, if proof demonstrates any fact, demon-
strates that at the time this assault was made it
was made with a full knowledge on the part of
Patrick Woods that Mr. Porter was a mem-
ber of Congress and on his way to attend the
sessions of Congress. The witnesses all agree
that he called Mr. Porter by name. When
Woods invited Mr. Porter to take a drink,
Mr. Porter excused himself by saying that he
had to return to Washington that night, and had
only time to reach the train by way of his own
house.
But that is not all. The testimony of Mr.
Humphreys has not been contradicted at all.
He was present daring the interview between
Woods and Porter and when the assault took
place. I will read from his testimony, on page
" Joseph M. Humphreys recalled, and examination
continued.
"By Mr. Butler;
"Question. Did any conversation take place be-
tween you and Mr. Porter and Colonel Tompkins,
or either of you, after Woods joined tho party and
while he was within hearing?
"Answer. Yes.
"Question. rState what it was.
"Answer. Xlie conversation that was being carried
on when Woods approached was in relation to the
establishment of a post office at Bermuda Hundreds.
It had progressed but very little before Woods came
up. He was present when, iu the course of the con-
versation, the question being broached as to the
establishment of that post ofiiee and the maDner in
which it was to be attained, and the steps to be taken
by Mr. Tompkins; Mr. Porter remarked that it
would afford him pleasure to see that post offices
were established where necessary in his district; he
then took a letter or circular out of his pocket, re-
garding certain applications having been filed and
referred to him, and he handed it to Mr. Tompkins,
and told him that his application to the Department
would be referred to him in that manner; he told
him as to the details, and how to apply, &c. Pre-
viously to our starting up from my office that day
Mr. Porter had been frequently at my office, for tho
purpose ot entertaining propositions from different
X-farts of his district.
" Mr. Merrick remarked that the testimony of tho
witness should bo confined to what transpired iu the
presence of the prisoner.
"Mr.'butleii directed the witness to confine him-
self to what Mr. Porter had said in his office during
that day tending to show that he had the intention
to return to Washington that night.
"Witness. His purpose, avowed to me before we
started up the stree t, was that he must start for Wash-
ington that evening. It was between six and seven
o'clock when we were stopped by Mr. Tompkins and
Mr. Bowling, on tho corner of Eighth and Broad
streets; during that time and after the approach of
Woods Mr. Porter pulled his wateh out, and in the
way of apology to Woods for declining his invitation
to take a drink stated that his time was pressing, as
he had to go home, and from there to the cars, and
had hardly time; twice in the interview he urged
that his time was pressing, and he suggested to me
that we go on.
"By Mr. Merrick:
"Question. Youspokc ofsome conversation about
a post office; did that conversation occur after Woods
came up, or before?
"Answer. It commenced just before Woods came
up; the conversation occurred in fact while he was
present.
"Question. Was not this the fact asyou stated the
other day, that when Woods came up and addressed
Mr. Porter, and Mr. Porter declined to accept his
invitation, and when some remarks passed between
you andMr. Porter, the conversation about the post
office was suspended?
"Answer. It was suspended by Woods addressing-
Mr. Porter.
"Question. Was the conversation on that subject
renewed at all while Woods was present?
"Answer. Yes, sir; it was renewed and finished.
"Question. I understood you to say the other day
that you had given all the conversation that took
place?
"Answer. No, sir; I think my testimony was in the
same way the other day; 1 stated that tho conversa-
tion was interrupted, and finished after Mr. Woods
ha,d come up. I mentioned nothing about the read-
ing of this document, but that also was handed by
Mr. Poktkr toMr. Tompkins, after Woods had come
up, and his remark regarding theDepartment,refer-
ring applications to him as member from that dis-
trict, was also made after Woods came up."
The testimony, therefore, not only shows that
this Patrick Woods, who was a member of the
police force of the city of Richmond 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. A police
detective.
ilr. COOK. Yes; I say the testimony not
only shows that this Woods, who was a police
detective, and as such might be presumed to
know the member of Congress from that dis-
trict, addressed Mr. Pouteh byname, but that
the fact that he was on his way to Washing-
ton as a member of Congress was distinctly
talked over in his presence. Consequently
the assertion that he did not know that Mr.
Porter was a member of Congress is utterly
without foundation in fact.
There is another fact to which I desire to
call the attention of the House, and I mast
hurry over the points very rapidly, as my time
is limited. This man assaulted Mr. Porter
because he was a member of Congress. The
assault was totally without provocation, as is
conceded on all hands. Why did he commit
the assault? The man's animus was made
known by the remark which he made, and
which is proved by a number of witnesses,
" kill the d d Radical." And the question
which we have to determine on the facts before
us is, whether a member of Congress on his
way to resume his seat in this House may be
assaulted for political opinions entertained by
him as a member of this House without a
breach of the privileges of the House ?
There is one other point of fact about this
to which I desire to advert. Mr. Porter was
going that night to Washington. If he had
not been assaulted he would have been in his
seat here the next day. As it was, he was pre-
vented from taking his seat for three days. I
do not think that anybody can read that evi-
dence without coming to the conclusion that
there was some weapon in the hand of Woods
with which he struck Mr. Porter. I do not
think that any man could have seen the wound
on his face at that time without being of the
opinion that it was never made by a blow from
the naked fist. But, however that wound was
inflicted, it was inflicted because he was a mem-
ber of Congress, because of his political opin-
ions ; and it disabled him for three days from
taking his seat in the House.
It is alleged that the jurisdiction claimed
here is a new and unaccustomed jurisdiction.
That is not true. Over and over again the
House has punished contempts. In the case
of Stanbury and Houston, Houston was ar-
raigned and punished for an assault, on Penn-
sylvania avenue, on Mr. Stanbury, who was a
member of the House. He was arrested,
brought before the bar of the House, and pun-
ished. But it is said that the jurisdiction is
derived from the old common law, and that it
is unsuited to our institutions. The Supreme
Court of the United States have passed upon
this question again and again. The Supreme
Court have said that the power of Congress to
punish for contempt is not derived from any
statute. It is stated that the old Parliament
of England punished men for breaches of priv-
ilege to an extent which could not be tolerated
or justified by this House. I answer, so did
the English courts of common law; and it will
not be contended that the courts of common
law in this country have no common-law juris-
diction to punish contempts, because the old
common-law courts sometimes punished them
beyond the jurisdiction which courts can now
attempt to exercise. That is not a good argu-
ment, therefore, and cannot be maintained.
The Supreme Court has decided that this
House has jurisdiction to punish contempt in
two cases. It has decided that the House has
a right to maintain its freedom of deliberation,
and to that end that it has the right to punish
a man who uses improper influences to warp
the judgment or to control the judgment of
members of this House, who, either by bribes,
or menaces, or threats prevents any member
of this House from deliberating freely upon
the questions which come before the House;
and not only that, but that they have the right
to freely assemble as well as freely deliberate,
and that the man who arrests a member of the
House is guilty of a breach of the privileges
of the House, whether he knows that the man
he arrests is a member of the House or not.
The punishment to be inflicted might depend
on the question whether he knew it or not.
But suppose Patrick Woods had arrested Mr.
Porter in Richmond, precisely at the time he
