1869,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
these proceedings ; for when Georgia ratifies
this, amendment, which I have no doubt she
will if required by us, and her Senators and
Representatives occupy their seats in Congress,
I presume that the political friends of the dis-
tinguished Senator from Ohio if they should
obtain the ascendency would not undertake to
deprive those Senators and Eepresentatives of
their seats here, acquired under this legisla-
tion, for the purpose of showing that it w.as
not satisfactory to that political party.
Sir, I undertake to. say that the Supreme
Court of the United States has no power to
review a decision made by Congress that a con-
stitutional amendment lias been ratified by the
requisite number of States. Congress is to
propose amendments of the Constitution to the
Legislatures of the several States, and when an
amendment is ratified by three fourths of the
States, then it is to become a part of the Con-
stitution. To what department of the Gov-
ernment are the reports to be made as to the
ratification or the rejection of a constitutional
amendment by the several States? According
to the early practice of the Republic it was
communicated to Congress by the President in
a message that certain States had ratified a
constitutional amendment. I undertake to
say that it is the right of Congress to decide
whether or not a constitutional amendment has
been ratified, and that the decision of Congress
upon that question concludes every other de-
partment of the Government.
Who is to determine when an amendment
to the Constitution is ratified'/ Congress pro-
poses the amendment and the States are to
take action in reference to it, and then some
department of the Government must neces-
sarily decide whether it has or has not been
ratified by the requisite number of States.
Congress beyond question has that power,
tor it is a political power to decide as to what
is or is not the Constitution of the United
States; but it is the province of the judicial
department of the Government to construe that
Constitution and determine its meaning. More
than once the Supreme Court of the United
States have determined that it was the prov-
ince of Congress to decide as to whether a
State government did or did not exist, and so
it is the province of Congress to decide as to
what is or is not the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. 1 maintain that that is exclusively
a political question and belongs to the polit-
ical department of the Government; but when
Congress affirm that an amendment has been
adopted by the requisite number of States,
then, .of course, the judiciary can decide as to
the meaning and efl'eet of that constitutional
amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator from
Oregon allow me ask him a question ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Ore-
gon has been eminent as a judge, and certainly
would not be less so as an 'expositor of the
Constitution. I desire to ask him if I under-
stand him now in his place to lay down the
proposition that it is never a judicial question,
but always a political question, what articles
are or are not portions of the Constitution of
the United States; in other words, whether a
constitutional law has been validly passed or
not?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I maintain the doctrine
that when Congress proposes to the several
States an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States it is exclusively within the
province of Congress to determine as to whether
or not that amendment has been adopted, and
that the decision of Congress upon that ques-
tion concludes the executive and judicial de-
partments of the Government. That is the
doctrine which I affirm, and I believe it to be
a correct construction of the Constitution ; a
construction sustained not, only by the language
of the Constitution itself, but by the judicial
interpretations of the Constitution as to the
distinctions between the political and judicial
departments of the Government. Certainly
there must be a final judge upon this question.
Each State cannot determine for itself as to
whether a constitutional amendment has or has
'not been ratified, for that would constitute
thirty-seven equal judges in the United States,
and there never could be an end of controversy
upon the subjectif the States were left to decide
for themselves.
Then the question arises, if the States arenofc
•to.decide which department of the Federal
Government is to decide as to that question?
Is it not a part of the political power of the
Government to propose an amendment to the
Constitution ? Has the judiciary anything to do
with that? When the political department
proposes an amendment who is to ascertain
whether the amendment is adopted ornot? Can
the judiciary of the United States ascertain the
fact in any way ? Is there any proceeding known
to the Constitution or laws by which the judi-
ciary of the United States can ascertain the fact
as to whether or not a constitutional amend-
ment has been ratified by the requisite number
of States ? Is not that a question of fact? I
say that Congress is empowered to regulate in
all respects the adoption of constitutional
amendments, and to decide whether or not a
State has complied with those regulations when
an amendment is submitted for adoption, and
if the States do comply with those regulations
and do make their report, as they may be re-
quired to do and as they did always until the
law provided that the return should be made to
the Secretary of State, when the whole action
of the several States is laid before Congress
Congress then decides as to whether the amend-
ment is or is not adopted, and that is as con-
clusive upon every other department of the
Government as the action of Congress in pro-
posing the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator allow
to trouble him with one more question,
which will probably be (he last?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly; I have no
objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. Suppose before the war,
and before there could bo any question as to
whether a State was in the Union or not, an
amendment to the Constitution had been pro-
posed, and upon the record—there must be a
record somewhere, I take it—it appeared a3 a
mattor of arithmetical calculation that less than
the requisite number of three fourths had rati-
fied it; suppose upon that state of the record
and that state of facts Congress had put forlh
a bill declaring; the amendment adopted, would
that be a final decision conclusive on all depart-
ments ? Does the Senator undertake to say
that no judicial question can ever be raised as
to what the Constitution of the United States
whether it remains with or without amend-
ment, which can be acted on by a court on the
face of the record ? v
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, assum-
ing that each member of Congress is sworn to
support the Constitution of the United States
as well as the judges of the Supreme Court, I
affirm that if a majority of both Houses of Con-
gress, upon their solemn oaths, affirm that a
constitutional amendment had been ratified by
three fourths of the States, it would not be
within the power of the judiciary to disaffirm
that decision and declare it invalid, because
the question is one belonging wholly to the
political department of the Government. It
is as easy t'o assumethat Congress would abuse
any other power belonging exclusively to tho
political department of the Government as to
assume that it would abuse this power. Does
the honorable Senator mean to say because
it can be assumed that members of'Congress
will violate their oaths, that the Supreme Court
of the United States may revise every action of
Congress—actions confessedly within the polit-
: ical department of the Government ? 1 say
that the question as to what is the Constitution
belongs to the political department of the Gov-
ernment, but the question as to what it means
belongs to the judiciary. When the Consti-
tution was framed it was altogether a matter
of political action, and the amendments to it
have been made by the political department of
-the Government; and the power of the judi-
ciary extendsonly to questions arising "under
the Constitution.", and not .to questions as to
whether or not there is a Constitution.
Suppose the Supreme Court should decide—
the Senatorhasdndolgedin hypothetical cases—
that there was no Constitution of the United
States; that each State had the right to treat
the Constitution as1 a nullity, as hundreds of
thousands of men who are now associated with
the distinguished Senator in urging the same
arguments that he employs contended a year
or two ago, what would be the effect? Would
Congress be bound? Might not Congress say
that the judiciary in that case had infringed
upon the political power of the Government,
and that it was within the exclusive jurisdic-
tion of Congress to decide as to whether or
not there was a Constitution and a Govern-
ment? Sir, the Constitution is in one sense
the Government. Congress undertook to say
when the rebellion was commenced that there
was a Government of the United States, arid
that that Government had a right to extend
its jurisdiction and authority over all the States;
and Congress maintained the existence of the
Government and maintained the power and
jurisdiction of the Constitution everywhere in
the Union. There was nopowerin the nation,
the Supreme Court had no power to say that
Congress could not maintain the jurisdiction
of the Constitution in the State of South Car-
olina or any rebel State.
Suppose the Supreme Court—and such a sup-
position is as possible as the one proposed by
the Senator—had decided that the State of
South Carolina had a right to secede, and that
the Constitution did not bind her as one of the
members of the Federal Union, would Con-
gress be bound to acquiesce in that decision ?
Congress would say without doubt that that
was a question within the jurisdiction of the
legislative department of the Government. Con-
gress is to say what is the Constitution and
what is the Government of the Federal Union
as well as the government of a State, and it is
the province of the judiciary of the countrv
to settle and adjust questions arising under the
Constitution and the Government.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator will allow
me, suppose Congress should say that South
Carolina had the right to secede, would that
decision of Congress bind the Supreme Court
of the United States? Because'the converse
must be true if the Senator's other proposition
is true.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have not affirmed the
doctrine that the Supreme Court may not
declare a law made by Congress in conflict
with the Constitution of the United States a
nullity. That is another and a different ques-
tion altogether. That is a question arising under
the Constitution. Then the question would
come up before the court as to whether or not
that law was m pursuance of the Constitution ;
and if the court should hold that it was not,
then it would probably declare the law a nullity,
but, sir, that is altogether another question.
The question which I am discussing is one as
to the existence of the Government or of the
Constitution, and therefore the question of the
Senator is not pertinent to the subject-matter
of the discussion.
But, Mr. President, Ihavebeenbetrayedinto
saying much more than I intended. I simply
wished to remind Senators that these argu-
ments which have been so vehemently urged
here to-day against this fifteenth amendment
are arguments that have been met and answered
in the Halls of Co ngress and before the people
of this country. It is too late to frighten us
with menaces that there was a time coming
when the people will rise up and repudiate our
action. We have been hearing that from the
beginning of the war, and the time has not yet
