1870.j
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Casserly.
Senate.
closing section, the last act of this legislative
melo-drama. For fear that the ground had not
been sufficiently covered, that there were not
enough of pains, of penalties, of fines, of im-
prisonments, of affidavits, of swearing back
and forth, of arrests, of informers, of inform-
ers' attorneys, of commissioners by the hun-
dred and their bailiffs by thousands with power
to employ the Army and Navy of the United
States and the militia of the States ad libitum,
at "their own sweet will;" besides all this,to
cover everything, to include anything that might
be left out, here is a general provision by way
of grand finale:
"That it shall be lawful for the President of the
United States, or such person as he may empower
lor that purpose, to employ such part of the land or
naval forces of the United States or of the militia,
as shall be deemed necessary to prevent the viola-
tion a.nd enforce the due execution of this act.''
Serious though the subject is, it is difficult
to repress a smile in reading such a section.
1' It shall be lawful for the President of the
United States, or such persons as he may em-
power for that purpose." Any person—civil,
military, naval, high, low, official, unofficial—
he may choose. Why, sir, under that sec-
tion the President of the United States might
so "empower" any Senator, say the Senator
from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart.] Then would
we see that Senator putting oft' his senatorial
robes, and " employing the Army and Navy
of the United States," with the same ardor
he has shown in passing this bill, scour the
Pacific coast in search of recusant Democrats
and impenitent copperheads, who might be
accused of something under the many provis-
ions of this act, and cast them into the deepest
dungeons until after the election ; and not only
them, but those who are worse than Democrats
or copperheads, bolting Republicans ; Repub-
licans who might be suspected of being suspi-
cious, because they dare to look for some gleam
of mercy after so much vengeance ; who scan
the political sky with anxious eyes, watching
for a ray of light in all its dark expanse, some
beam of hope to the oppressed and the disfran-
chised throughout the southern land. Those,
too, the Senator, with the Army and the Navy,
the horse, foot, artillery, and marines at his
back, himself all the while terrible as Mars,
would have a right to hunt up, by day or by
night, and to consign them to dose imprison-
ment to receive condign punishment for their
manifold offenses.
Seriously, Senators, where do j%u get the
power to authorize the President of the United
State to devolve upon any person or persons
the authority so to employ the Army and Navy
of the United States?
You may search the Constitution in vain for
it. It is not in the letter nor the spirit of the
instrument. It is not in the reason of the
tiling. As well might you say that he could
delegate the veto power to anybody he might
appoint; as well say that he could delegate
his power of nomination. His power as Com-
mander-in-Chief is precisely like those powers;
it is a great power under the Constitution, con-
fided to him as President. He must exercise
it himself. True, he can have generals and
admirals under him; but it is as his officers, to
execute his orders. They do not employ the
Army and Navy ; but he, through them acting
under him.
The largeness of the language is another
objection to the section : "as shall be deemed
neccssary to prevent the viotation and enforce
the due execution of thisact." Thatmay mean,
to "carry the election," and it is broad enough
to mean it. In the hand* of an unscrupulous
President, a candidate for reelection, that
is what it comes to—to control the vote, to
carry the election. Nothing is easier. The
mere presence of a great military force is suffi-
cient,'without an overt act. Mil gland once
had a judge whose name was Jeffreys. His
name is execrable forever. Ireland had a judge
more execrable than Jeffreys; because, though
living in an age which was better than the age
of Jeffreys, he displayed all the atrocities of
Jeffreys, without any of his abilities. His title
by which he is best remembered was Norbury.
While he lived to cumber the earth he was the
scorn of the cruel Government that used him,
and his memory has been detested by the mass of
his countrymen and defended by none since his
death. He had an evil prominence among the
actors of that time of horror in his own hapless
land, andofindelibledishonortoEngland, atthe
close of the last century; when the English Gov-
ernment was crushing out in blood and terror
the last convulsive motions of a conquered
rebellion. The least of the atrocities that ran
riot in Ireland was the systematic control of
the elections by the Government by military
force. About that period our Irish judge was
dining with a company of English judges in
London. The conversation turned on the pro
ceedings of the military at the elections in ire-
land. He spoke with glee of the large bodies
of horse and foot that were employed at those
elections. The Englishmen, who in the worst
days in their own land for at least a century
and a half had known of no such things, were
astonished. One of them exclaimed to the Irish
judge, "You surely do not mean to say that
the military interfere in the elections." " Well,
my lord," replied the other with a chuckle,
"I do not know what you call 1 interfering in
the elections all 1 know is that we find the
soldiers mighty good lookers-on." There is
the enormity of the military feature of your bill.
From the moment you employ your Army and
Navy at any election its freedom is gone; it
has passed into the control of the powers that
be. Though your forces do nothing, they are
"good lookers-on!" Nothing can prevent it.
By their bare presence you intimidate the
weak, yo;i inflame the violent, you bring about
in effect a state of martial law at the election 111
which opposition is paralyzed and the admin-
istration has everything its own way.
Such, sir, in a general way, are some of the
unexampled, unconstitutional, and mischievous
features of the Senate bill.
I come next to consider what is the necessity
for such a bill. Is there the least in the world?
This question always arises when a new law is
proposed. What is the necessity ; is it called
for? This inquiry becomes the more pressing
if the law is unexampled in its features; and
bristles all over with unusual pains and penal-
ties, liabilities and offenses, with proceedings
unknown to the law, common or statutory.
Such is the bill of the Senator from Nevada.
Is there the least justification, or even excuse,
for it ?
Senators of the dominant parly must them-
selves have been surprised by the general
acquiescence of the political party to which I
belong, throughout the country, without a seri-
ous exception, in the workings of the fifteenth
amendment. 1 say "without a serious excep-
tion," and I challenge denial. The most
bitter partisans of the Republican press, who
still keep up unabated the worst violence and
rancor of the war 
Mr. STEWART. WilltheSenatorallowme?
Mr. CASSERLY. I must decline to yield.
I allowed the Senator, before I began to speak,
awhile ago to speak a few words, as he said,
in reply to the Senator from Oregon, [Mr.
Williams,] and he wandered olf into a new
field of discussion on the Chinese question.
My voice will not last as well as usual, and I
must husband it.
I say, sir, that there was no serious excep-
tion to the acquiescence of the Democratic party
throughout the country, north, south, east, or
west, in the operation of the fifteenth amend-
ment. I admit there may have been, here and
there, at some polls some officer who, bee it,siting
between the severe penal provisions of the State
law as it stood and the question how far that
law was overruled by this amendment, may have
declined to receive the votes of colored per-
sons. We have been told in this body of pre-
cisely one such ease—I refer to the case in
Ohio—and no more, out of the thousands of
voting places in the different, States of the
Union. In my own State I have heard of a
single case besides, where a county judge in a
southern county decided, upon a proceeding
before him to compel the registration of black
voters, that until legislation by Congress the
fifteenth amendment did not operate ipso facto
to annul the registration law of the State. That
is the only opposition, if opposition it can be
called, to the fifteenth amendment in Califor-
nia which has been persisted in. At first there
were some adverse official opinions published;
but these have since been withdrawn, or treated
as though they had been by the officers of regis-
tration and of election in all the counties of
the State except the one mentioned, so far as
I have seen.
1 said a while ago that not the most distem-
pered partisan among the journalists of the
Radical party has pretended anything to the
contrary. Some of them have had the candor
to confess and applaud the conduct of the
Democratic party in this particular. As one
such case, I refer to a newspaper published in
this city. I refer to it because its article sums
up all the principal news at that time, and
because it happens to be the only article 1 have
preserved of the many I havesecu in the news-
papers. I speak of the Chronicle of this city,
a journal which, I presume, will not be accused
of any undue leanings toward Democracy or
Conservatism. That paper, of April 8, 1870,
referring to what had taken placo in Maryland
and in New Jersey, both Democratic States,
and at several elections in Ohio, sums up the
whole situation in these words, to which I beg
the attention of the Senate, and especially of
those Senators who imagine there is someneces
sity for theoppressiveand unprecedented penal
and coercive provisions of the bill of the Sen-
ator from Nevada:
"Therearc, indeed, no serious exceptions toto the
rule. The revolution i& complete. The colored man
110 longer votes in any section under the protection
of the bayonet. lie is sovereign in his own right
all around tile circlc. The complaint that his bal-
lot has been forced on the South is hushed by his
respectful and almost cordial recognition by the
Democracy of thoNorth."
I cite this language, not merely because it is
the testimony of a Radical journal, but because
it is testimony according to the facts. But that
is not all. In Maryland there is, I understand,
not one Republican in the Legislature; it is
unanimously Democratic. In that Legislature
steps were promptly taken to conform the
legislation of the State to the requirements of
the fifteenth amendment. A bill providing for
the election of local officers in a county con-
tained the usual word " white," as it, passed
the Legislature. It was on that ground vetoed
by the Governor, also a Democrat, and lm
veto was sustained with substantial, if not
entire unanimity. In Democratic Kentucky,
where, if anvwheie, if we are to credit a tithe
of the statements made here by Senators
within a month, it might be expected that there
would be objection and obstruction to the
black vote under the fifteenth amendment,—
I observe by the dispatch of the Associated
Press that at the recent election in the Louis-
ville district to fill a vacancy in Congress, th"
colored people voted e/t masse, for the Repub-
lican candidate, and voted without the slighter
hinderauce or molestation, in New York, the
last Legislature, Democratic in both branches,
before adjourning modified the laws of regis-
tration and election so as to conform them lo
\ the fifteenth amendment; and the bills were
i signed I)}'a Democratic Governor. Everywhere
