1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2429
oquy of Macbeth at the door of the sleeping
Duncan:
"Tf it were done when 'tis done, then 'twere well
It were done quickly. If the assassination
Could trammel up the consequenco and catch
With his surcease success; that but this blow
Slight bo tho be-all and end-all here;
Hut hereupon this bank and shoal of time—
We'd jump the life to come. But in these cases
We still have judgment here; that we but teach
Bloody instructions, which, being taught, return
;l.o plague the inventor. Thiseven-handed justice
Commends the ingredients of our poisoned chalice
To our own lips."
Yes, sir, if it were done when it is done; if
the assassination of these States could tram-
mel up the consequence ; if the ghosts of mur-
dered men did not return to startle us from our
stools, and the consequences of evil deeds per-
plex us in the future, then, indeed, we might
jump the life to come and commit a few great
violations of the Constitution to have done
with the whole business and forgot it. But,
sir, we are treading on dangerous ground; we
are making trouble for the indefinite future.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to inquire whether
the Senator was not a member of the Judieiary
Committee that reported this bill with the
conditions in it?
Mr. CARPENTER. Paraphrasing the lan-
guage of the Psalmist, iu the absence of knowl-
edge accurately to quote, " if this question had
been put to me by an enemy, that 1 could have
borne; but, alas, that it should come from mine
own familiar friend, amember of the Judiciary
Committee." [Laughter.] Our committee re-
ported one bill, recommending that all condi-
tions should be stricken out; but we were over-
ruled in the Senate by two or three votes. On
the second case presented to us we made a
similar report, and for so doing we encoun-
tered the awful rebuke of the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] and several other Sen-
utois ; that we should have the hardihood to
adhere to an opinion which had been overruled
in the Senate. On the third occasion the com-
mittee deferred to the Senate, so far as to
instruct its chairman to do what he did, to
report the bill back to the Senate without
recommendation, stating that the committee
adhered to its original opinion. I feel like
confessing that the committee were somewhat
demoralized; we were a subjugated commit-
tee. [Laughter.] We accepted the situation;
and reported what we knew the Senator from
Michigan would rebuke us if we did not report.
[Laughter.] But I repeat, we reported the bill
back without recommendation.
Mr. President, this act, if it is to be passed,
consummates reconstruction, and closes the
dooruponthecivilwar. This act obliterates, as
far as they can bo obliterated, all traces of the
civil war. Much of the record cannot be oblit-
erated. The wounded hearts, the darkened
homes, the desolated firesides, the graves on
every high hill and in many a deep valley can
neither beobliterated nor forgotten. But this bill
is designed so far as legislation is concerned to
close the bloodydrama. This is the time, then,
when we should subject the whole subject to
the final revision of ultimate wisdom. Tho
motives that have hurried us on in other cases,
the dangers that beset us on other occasions,
no longer exist. Let us then take the neces-
sary time in debate. Let us sink all pride of
individual opinion, and mold our last consum-
mating act by the Constitution.
When the war came, I agree that the Con-
stitution went out. The war brought its own
necessities; the war power eould not be eon-
trolled by the Constitution, and the Consti-
tution did not pretend to control it. A Con-
stitution which should attempt to determine
what a Government might and might not do
during a civil war would insure its own destruc-
tion. When the Constitution was adopted,
if any provision upon this subject had been
inserted, it would probably have been that
slavery should not be abolished without the
consent of the States. And yet, sir, we were
reduced to the absolute necessity of abolishing
slavery to preserve the Union. Tho Consti-
tution says Congress may declare war, may
raise armies; the President shall be Com-
mander-in-Chief; and there the Constitution,
from the necessity of the case, stops. But the
details of military operations, when a battle
shall be fought or declined, what shall be the
treatment of prisoners, to what extent or with
what severity the Government shall prosecute
its advantages over a defeated enemy; whether
these rebellious States shall be restored at
once, upon laying down their arms, or be held
for years under military supervision, are
matters which the Constitution leaves to the
discretion of Congress, the war-making power
of the Government.
Civil war is not a constitutional proceeding.
It comes to eradicate wrongs which have grown
hoary uuder the protection of civil adminis-
tration, and which only an upheaving from the
base can remedy. That is war; and war itself,
which is to regulate all things else, cannot itself
be regulated by previously enacted laws. When
the Army came iu the law went out, and noth-
ing remained but the question whether the
Government should put down the rebellion or
the rebellion should put down the Govern-
ment ; and that was a question to be determined
by physical strength, restricted only by the lim-
itations which God and nature had imposed.
But, sir, with the coming of peace came also
the rights and blessings of peace, chief of which
is constitutional protection. The war is ended,
and with this act reconstruction is finished.
The Union is restored, or should be, in all its
parts, and in the beauty of its original propor-"
tions. Now, then, when the edifice ol' civil
government is completed let us knock down
the staging and remove the rubbish. Let us
have no more fundamental conditions, no more
scarecrow legislation ; but let us have a Union
symmetrical and perfect, as our fathers estab-
lished it. In the light of this clear duty let us
now consider the hill before us for the admis-
sion of Georgia. The bill before us is a sorry
kind of a bill, expressive of doubt and fear not
found in the ancient acts admitting new States.
When subjected to the criticism 1 have made,
when these obnoxious provisions are stricken
out by our votes or treated as immaterial be-
cause unconstitutional, there remains simply a
bill for the admission of Georgia, with the pro-
vision which we call the Bingham amendment,
providing that an election shall be held this
year as the constitution of the State provides,
if it were safe and prudent to pass the bill in
this form it would be a most agreeable office
so to pass it.
This Bingham amendment is, in my judg-
ment, clearly within the constitutional power
of Congress to enact; but I shall speak of that
matter more fully hereafter. But a great ques-
tion remains. Is it safe and prudent to pass
the bill with this amendment and admit the
State into the Union? But, sir, what are the
facts in the case of Georgia? I shall not take
time to repeat what everybody knows as well
as I do. Look at the report by General Terry
read by the Senator from Ohio yesterday, listen
to the testimony of our friends from Georgia,
consider the lawlessness that prevails there,
and then answer on your consciences whether
that community be lit to be received into full
communion as a State of tho Union. I cannot
think so; and whether the Bingham amend-
ment be retained or rejected I shall vote against
the admission of Georgia at this time.
But fearing that a majority of the Senate may
be otherwise inclined, I desire briefly to con-
sider the constitutional validity of the Bingham
amendment. It was said the other day by the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mortox] that he
did not see how the Judiciary Committee, with
their theory as to fundamental conditions, could
support the Bingham amendment. But I think
this provision is within the constitutional power
of Congress and might be passed at any time,
as well after as before or at the time of the
admission of the State.
_ When I deny the power of Congress to for-
bid to a. Slate the power to amend its consti-
tution in regard to common schools it is upon
the ground that the whole subject of education
is reserved by the Constitution exclusively to
the States. If it can be shown that the Bing-
ham amendment relates to a subject which
by the Constitution is committed to the Union,
and performs a duty which the Constitution
casts upon Congress, then, of course, it goes
clear of constitutional objection. Let us turn
now to the constitution of the government of
Georgia, which is applying for admission into
the Union, and see whether it creates a repub-
lican form of government. Section two of
article eleven is as follows:
"Tho election of Governor, members of Congress,
and of the General Assembly, after the year 1868.
shall commence on tho Tuesday after the first Mon-
day in November, unless otherwise provided by law."
The last clause of the second subdivision of
section one of article three is as follows:
"The election for members of the General Assem-
bly shall begin on Tuesday after tho first Monday
in November of every second year, except the first
election, which shall be within sixty days after tho
adjournment of this convention ; but tho General
Assembly may by law change"—
Not the day but—
"tho time of election, and the members shall hold
until their successors aro elected and qualified."
Now, what is the fair construction of this
constitution ? It has been said only to confer
upon the Legislature the power to change the day
within the year for holdiug the election ; but
thatconstruction substitutes the word "day'' for
the word "time." And again, if the constitution
was not intended to authorize the postponement
of the election into a subsequent year, .that is,
beyond their term of office, there was no neces-
sity for adding the clause which provides that
when the time of the election shall be changed
the members shall hold until their successors
are elected and qualified. That provision is
without meaning except upon the theory that
the Legislature may postpone the time of elec-
tion beyond the limit of their own term of
office. That provision, however, became neces-
sary when the constitution gave the power to
the Legislature to change, not the " day," but
the " time " of election beyond their own offi-
cial terms.
Now, sir, if I am right in this construction
of the constitution, not a word need be spoken
to show that it does not create a republican
form of government. A word here upon this
phrase, " republican form of government." I
take it that whether or not a government is
republican in form must bo determined by
an inspection of its organic law. If Jefferson
Davis should remove to New York to-morrow—
and should he do so the balance of my sup-
position is not improbable—and be elected
Governor of that State or mayor of New York
city, that would in no way impair the repub-
lican form of government of that State. The
government would be just as republican in
form after his election as it was before.
But I cannot bring myself to believe that
the constitution before us creates a republican
form of government. I think a fair construc-
tion of the constitution justifies what is claimed
by the Legislature, that tliey have tho power
to continue themselves in office at their own
will and pleasure ; and that for this reason it
does not create a republican form of govern-
ment. And we cannot overlook the fact that
our friends in Georgia construe this consti-
tution in this way, and intend to remain in
office two years beyond the term for which they
were elected; and that they desire_ that the
Bingham amendment should be stricken out
solely for the purpose of enabling them so
to do. T
If it be anti-republican to permit the Legis-
lature to do such a thing: in other words, it a
constitution which empowers a Legislature so
to do is not republican in form, then it follows
that an act of the Legislature made in pursu-
ance of such a provision would be anti-repub-
