2430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
licau in fact. This Bingham amendment goes
just half way. It is deficient; it is limping,
halting, butitgoes astep in the right direction.
It says to that Legislature, " You shall not do
this anti-republican thing this time." In bo-
half of that .suggestion it may be said that its
purpose is to meeta contingency which is now
threatened, and which probably will never be
attempted hereafter. This amendment says
to them, "You shall not do this unconstitu-
tional tiling this year."
1 nra K illing to say that. I like far better the
last clause of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from- Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson',]
which provides that the constitution shall never
b-' construed to allow the Legislature to post-
pone the election beyond the existing- term of
its members. That, i think, ought to have
been the amendment put upon this bill. It is
not there, however, and if called to votedirectly
upon this Bingham amendment I will vote to
letain it in the bill, because I think it is right
as far as it goes. It restrains the State from
doing an unconstitutional act for one year,
and if the thing should ho attempted at any j
future time an act of Congress could control
it and regulate it.
This amendment, upon this theory, is, I
think, clearly constitutional. Congress has the
power to guaranty a republican form of gov-
ernment to the State, and it may exercise this
power in the form of legislation when the end !
can bo accomplished in that way. This con-
stitution is all right, except that it authorizes
the Legislature to continue itself and the other
officers of the State in oiliee beyond the expir-
ation of the term lor which they were elected.
Congiess therefore has the power, and I think
it should provide that this anti-republican
power shall never bo exercised; and if Con-
gress may say that it shall never bo exercised,
of course it may say that it shall not be exer-
cised this year. This provides for a threatened
contingency, and future contingencies can be
provided for by future laws.
Should the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] ofl'er the last clause of his proposed
amendment as a substitute for the Bingham
amendment 1 shall vote for it, because it se-
cures for all lime what the Bingham amend-
ment only secures for two years. But if com-
pelled to a direct vole upon rejecting or retain-
ing.the Bingham amendment I shall vote to
retain it, because in my opinion it is one step
in the right direction, and clearly within the
constitutional power of Congress to pass. Here
let me say that I do not regard this amendment
as a condition in any proper sense of that word.
It is an exercise ot legislative power, pure and
simple, to be upheld upon that clause of the
Constitution of the United States which au-
thorizes Congress to guaranty a republican
form of government to the .several States; a
power which might be exercised in relation to
New York or Massachusetts, if theircasewere
such as to require its exercise. And sueli an
act of Congress might be inado to operate in-
definitely, or be restricted to and renewed
within sucli lime, and from time to time, as
Congress might determine.
But, sir, with the Bingham amendment re-
tained in this bill, the question remains whether
the bill ought to pass; whether, with all tlie
painl'ul circumstances which surround the case,
we ought to admit that community to the full
powers of a State. It is confessed by every
Republican in this Chamber that it is not safe
to do so. They who support the conditions
ingrafted upon this bill confess that it is not
safe to trust the State without such conditions,
and 1 have attempted to show that these con-
ditions are worthless for the purpose proposed,
Those who support the Bingham amendment
do so upon the groundthat the Legislature and
State officers of Georgia are in conspiracy to
coutinue themselves in office for another term,
without a new election. Those who desire that
the Bingham amendment "shall be stricken out
proceed upon the belief that the people of that
State cannot bo trusted to hold an election this
year, and that if permitted to do so the power
of the State would pass into the hands of rebels
and enemies to this Government. In other
words, there is a confession from all sides of this
Chamber, and from every llepublican Senator
in it, ihat a repubheau form of government in
that State for at least two years to come is an
impossibility. But what assurance have we
that things will ba better then than now? We
may hope so; but is hope a safe basis for legis-
lative action in a matter of this importance?
If you admit the State now, and her condition
be not improved at the cud of two years, will
you continue these officers and this Legislature
two years longer? In other words, canyon,
in execution of the power to guaranty a repub-
lican form of government to that State, inter-
fere from time to time for such reasons as you
deem sufficient, and continue a set of officers
indeliniteiy in place because you cauuot trust
the people to hold an election ?
The more I rellect upon this subject the more
I think it is little less than an act of madness
to admit this State; and as we are all agreed
that it is not safe to do so, why can wo not do
one logical thing ill this business of recon-
struction, namely, postpone this bill indeli-
niteiy and remand this community either to
military supervision under the reconstruction
acts, or do what, if I could have had my way,
I would have done with all the States, put her
under a civil territorial form of government,
subject at all times to the revising and super-
vising power of Congress until the elements
"lashed into fury by the war shall have sub-
sided, order be restored, and peace established
in that distracted community. In this way we
can perform all the duties of the Government,
restrain crane, and promote the welfare of that
people. Such a hue of conduct would en-
counter no constitutional obstacle. It could
be defended on the stump before the people
as a proper exercise of the discretionary pow-
ers of this Government, and would, in my judg-
ment, bs essentially and intrinsically right.
Mr. COLE. 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed (o the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. POMEROY. Before that question is
put, 1 should like 
Mr. COLE. I have heard it suggested that
tlie Senate would adjourn early this evening on
account of the; ceremonies at the other end of
the building to-night; and therefore I move an
executive session at this hour.
Mr. POMEROY. Before that is done I hope
we shall have an understanding that there may
be a vote at four o'clock to-morrow on tins
bill.
The VICE-PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to that understanding.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know that we
shall over get a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from California
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 31, noes 16; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 5, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterilay was read and
approved.
actual settlers.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. 11. No. 1708)
amendatory of an act to protect the rights of
actual settlers upon the public lands of the
United States, approved July 27, 1868, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
NATIONAL CANS OF DELHI, NEW YORK.
Mr. VAN WYCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1709) authorizing
the First National Bank of Delhi, New York,
to change its location; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Banking and Cnrrency. '
FRANCIS 1«. SKOB1SH.
Mr. BEAMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction to report back House
bill No. 1128, to relievo Francis E. Shoberfrom
the test-oath of 1862, and to move that it be
referred to the Committee of Elections, with
(lie accompanying papers.
Mr. PAlNE. I move to amend the motion
of reference by adding the following:
With instructions to consider and report whether
said Shober shall bo permitted to take an oath of
office different from that prescribed by the aotof July
2,1SG2, i Hound entitled prima facie, or on the morita.
to a seat in this House.
The amendment was agreed to; and the
motion to refer, as amended, was adopted.
fukhwibn'S I;UKEA.U.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes, as
the regular order of business, the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 1480) amendatory of an
act establishing the Olfiac of Education, dis-
continuing thu Freedmen's Bureau, and for
other purposes, reported from the Committee
on Education and Labor by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Arnei.l ] It came over from
the morning hour last Thursday. The Honse
refused to lay the bill upon the table, and the
pending question is on seconding the demand
for the previous question on the bill and amend-
ments.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
35, noes 3-4 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Woodward and Mr.
Aknell.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 68, noes 47.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
now put.
The amendments of the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor were agreed to, as follows:
Section two, lino seven, after the word " bureau"
insert " and all properties or moneys intrusted to
him."
Section three, line four, strike out "in its educa-
tional division" and insert "in reference to educa-
tion."
Same sootion, lino six, after the word "Stato"
insert " territorial, county."
Add the following as a new section:
8icc. 9. And be it further enacted, That in the dis-
charge of all his official duties the Commissioner of
Kducation shall bo subject to such rules and regula-
tions as may bo prescribed by the President of the
United States.
The question thenrecurredonMr. Dockeky's
amendment, which was adopted, as follows:
Amend by inserting in section two, line eleven,
after the word "purposes" the words " among freed-
mcn and refugees," and after tho word " among" in
line twolve, the word " themso that it will read:
That the said funds be expended exclusively for
educational purposes among freedmen and refugees,
having special reference to aiding in the establish-
ment and usefulness of common schools amongthem.
The question then recurred on Mr. Winass's
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all of section two after tho word " edu-
cation," in the ninth line, and insert the following:
" to be expended exclusively in aiding existing insti-
tutions oflearning for the educationof colored pupils,
and in establishing and promoting public schools
among freedmen and refugees."
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
35, noes 75.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it Was accordingly read the third
time.
