4S18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
TJhe SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is a motion to recommit
this bill in order at this time and at this stage?
The SPEAKER. Not at this stage.
Mr. MAYNARD. At what time would such
a motion be in order?
The SPEAKER. Of course any motion to
affect the bill would be in order if it should be
taken from the table, where it now lies.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I would like,
if there is no objection 
Mr. CESSNA. I object to debate.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I only wanted
to inquire of the gentleman who had charge of
this bill [Mr. Davis] what he desires to have
done with it.
Mr. DAVIS. My object in moving to recon-
sider the vote by which this bill was laid on
the table was to obtain an opportunity to move
that it be recommitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. SARGENT. If the bill should be recom-
mitted the privilege to report it at any time
would not continue.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know about that.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. IIow is it about
that? Would the committee continue to have
the privilege to report this bill at any time ?
The SPEAKER. The privilege granted to
the Committee on the Judiciary to report this
bill at any time was exhausted when that com-
mittee made its report. If this bill be now
recommitted, and it is desired that the commit-
tee have leave to report it again at any time,
that privilege must again be granted.
Mr. SARGENT. Then there can be no
object gained by recommitting the bill.
The question was then taken on the 'motion
to reconsider: and it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 94,
follows:
nays 8-1, not voting 52
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong. Arncll, Aycr,
Bailey, Banks, Barry, Boaman, Benjamin, Bennett,
Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles, George M.Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Baffinton, Benjamin F. Butler,
Cessna, Churchill. William T. Clark, Amasa Cobb,
Clinton L  Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles,
Davis, Dawes, Degenor, Dixon, Donley, Duval, Fer-
riss, Ferry, Fisher, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale, Harris,
Hawley, Hays, Hoar, llotchkiss, Alexander li. Jones,
Kelley, Kellogg, Korcham, Knapp, Latlin, Lash,
Loughridgc, Maynard, McCrary, McGrow, McKee,
Moreur. Bliakiin 11. Moore, JesseII.Mooro, Morphis,
Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Reg-
ley, O'Neill, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perce,
Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter* Prosser,
Santbrd, William J. Smith, Starkweather. Stough-
ton, Strickland, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, To wnsend,
Twichell, Van Horn, "Ward, William B.Washburn,
Wheeler, Whitmoro. Willavd, and Winans-—94.
NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Axtell,
Beatty, Beck, Bird, Bookor, Boyd, James Brooks,
Burohard, Burr, Calkin, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland,
Conner, Cox, Crohs, Dux, i£ldridge, Farnsworth,
Finkclnburg, Pitch, Pox, Geu, Gibson, Griswold,
Ilaidcman, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hay, ileflm, Hoi-
man, Ingersoll, Johnson. Judd, Kerr, Knott, Law-
rence, Lewis, Logan, Mnyhnm, McCormick, Mc-
Neely, Milnos, Morgan, Mungen, Ncwsh-im, Nib-
lack, Orth, Packard, Potior, Randall, ILeevcs, Rice,
Ridgway, Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, Sohumaker,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Shober, John A. Smith, Joseph
S. Smith, William Smyth, Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes,
Stone, Strader. Swiinn, Sweeney, Taifc, Trimble,
Tyner,Upson, VanAukon. VanTrump, clIs, John
T. Wilson, Winchester, Witehcr, Wood, and Wood-
ward—84.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Aspcr, Atwood,
Barnum, Biggs, Bowen, ISurdett, Roderick 11. But-
ler, Cake, Covode, Cullom,Dickey,Dickinson, Doek-
ory.Dyer, Ela,Iiaight, llambleton, Hamill, Jleaton,
Hill, Hoge, Hooper, Jcnckes, Thomas L. Jones, Ju-
Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Strong, Van Wyck,
Voorhees, Wall ace, CadwaladerC. Washburn, Wclker,
Wilkinson, Williams, and Eugene M. Wilson—52.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on the motion to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to recommit the bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay the bill
on the table must be voted on, unless it be
withdrawn.
Mr. JUDD. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Was not the motion made
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox?]
The SPEAKER. According to the Journal
it was made by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Judd.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Can the motion be with-
drawn after the action which has been taken?
_ The SPEAKER. The adoption of the po-
tion to reconsider brings the matter back into
precisely the same position in which it was
before.
Mr. COX. The Globe says that I made the
motion.
The SPEAKER. The Journal, not the
Globe, is the official authority as to who makes
motions in the House. The Journal states that
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Judd] made
the motion.
Mr. McNEELY. I renew the motion to lay
the bill on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 79, nays 91, not voting
GO ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Asper,
Axtell, Beck, Bird, Booker, Boyd, James Brooks,
Burchard, Burr, Calkin, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland,
Coburn, Conner, Cox, Crebs,Cullom,Dox, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Pox, Gctz, Gibson, Gris-
wold, Haldeman. liamill, Hawkins, Hay, lleflin,
Holman, Ingersoll, Johnson, Judd, Knott, Lawrence,
Lewis, Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, McNeely,
Milnes, Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Orth, Packard,
Potter, Randall, lieeves, Ilice, Ridgway, Rogers,
Sargent, Schumaker, Shober, John A. Smith, Joseph
S. Smith, Stiles. Stokes, Stone, Strader, Swarm,
Sweeney, Taffe, Trimble, Tyner, tlnson, Van Auken,
Van Trump. Wells, Whituiore, Wilkinson, Eugene
AX. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—79.
NAYS -Messrs. Ambler, Ames. Armstrong, Arncll,
Atwood. Ayer. Bailey, Banks, Barry, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Boles,George M.
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Cessna, Churchill,
William T. Clark, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Cook, Conger, Cowles, Davis Dawes, Dickey, Dixon,
Donley, Duval, Ferriss, Ferry, Fisher, Gilfillan, Hale,
Harris, Hawley, Ilavs, Hoar, Hotchkiss, Alexander
31. Jones. Kelley, Ketoham, Knapp, Lafhu, Lash,
McCrary, McGrew, McKee, McKenzie, Mercur, Eha-
kim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, Morphis, Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuol P. Morrill, Myers, Negley, New-
Miam, O'Neill, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perce,
Phelps, Piatt, Polnnd, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser,
Sanfoul, William J. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather, Stoughton, Strickland. Tanner, Taylor,
Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Van Horn, Ward,
William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Willaid, and
Winans—91.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barnum, Beatty, Biggs,
Blair, Bowen, Burdett, Benjamin F.Butler, Roderick
ft. Butler, Cake, Covode, Deajener, Dickinson, Doek-
ory, Dyer, Ela, Fitch, Garfield, Ilaight, Hambleton,
Hamilton, Heaton, Hill, IIoge, Hooper, Jenckes,
Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr,
Logan, Loughridece, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy,
William Moore. Morrissey. Peters, Boots, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scotield, Shanks, Lionel A.Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocum, Worthington C. Smith,
Stevens, Stevenson, Strong, Van Wyck, Voorhees,
Wallace, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker, Wil-
liams, John T.Wilson, Witcher, and Woodwaid—60.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The question then recurred on Mr. Davis's
motion, to recommit the biii to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
19, noes 97 ; not one fifth voting in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was recommitted.
Mr. DAVIS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary 5 and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
charges op bribery.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar
of the House, and said:
Mr. Speaker, in accordance with the order
of the House, I have taken into custody, and
brought to the bar of the House, William Scott
Smith, correspondent of the New York Even-
ing Post.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
resolution under which the reporter of the New
York Evening Post has been brought to the bar.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That William Scott Smith, the reporter
of the New York Bveuing Post, be brought to the
bar of this House to show cause, if be can, why he
should not be expelled from the reporters' gallery
for libelous statements, reflecting upon the integrity
of members of this House.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will next read the
statement of the gentleman from Nevada when
he rose to a personal explanation.
The Clerk read as follows :
" charges of bribery.
"Mr. Fitch. I rise to aprivileged question, and
ask the Clerk to read some extracts I have marked
in an article published in the Evening Star, of this
city, yesterday.
" The Clerk read as follows:
44' The Cuban Bond Lobby—Remarkable Disclosures—
Important, %f true.—Quite a flurry has been created in
various circles in Washington by what purports to be
important disclosures published in the New York
Post, of yesterday, in regard to the operations of the
Cuban bond lobby with members of Congress, news-
paper men, &c. The Washington correspondent of
the Post says that for several months past reports
have been in circulation that the Cuban leaders, in
order to secure tbe recognition of the Cuban republic
as a belligerent Power by the United States, have
expended large sums of money with the lobby and
newspaper correspondents here.' M * * *
" 'It appears that as early as September last, Mr.
Ruiz, the financial agent of Cuba in Washington,
entered into awritten agrecmentwith N. B. Taylor,
an ex-Army contractor, through his attorney, ex-
rebel General Pickett, of this city, by which, tor the
sum of §1,000,000 in Cuban bonds, which were depos-
ited with acertain foreign minister here, Taylor was
to obtain the recognition of belligerent rights for
Cuba by the Government of the United States. The
sum was to be used by Taylor in the best possible
manner to accomplish this end within a specified
time.'"
" 'As soon as Congress assembled in December, Mr.
Ruiz so far modified his contract with Mr. Taylor as
to agree to furnish him with from thirty to forty
thousand dollars in money to be used immediately
with the members of Congress.
Mr. Taylor then went to work to induce mem-
bers of Congress to vote for recognition, if that ques-
tion should be brought before the House, and to
work in a general way for the Cuban republic in all
matters which might come up. He saw many mem-
bers for this purpose, and among others, Golla-
day of Kentucky, Butler of Tennessee, Deweese of
North Carolina, Fitcii of Nevada, and McCor.mick
of Missouri; but it is not known positively who
accepted bribes and who did not. It is conclusive,
however, that bribes were tendered/"
The SPEAKER. "What will next be read
by the Clerk appeared, as stated by the gentle-
man from Nevada, in the New York Evening
Post, and is the basis of the present proceeding.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Yrour correspondent this morning called upon
General Butler and asked him whether, in his ex-
planation yesterday in reference to Mr. Fitch, be
intended to say that there was no evidence before
his committee directly or indirectly implicating Mr.
Fitch.
"General Butler Paid this was not his meaning,
nor could he truthfully say so. There was no direct
evidence against Mr. Fitcii, but there was indirect
testimony."
The SPEAKER. Mr. Smith, the House have
adopted a resolution requiring you to appear
at their bar to show cause why you shall not
be expelled from the privileges you now enjoy
in the reporters' gallery, for libelous state-
ments reflecting upon the integrity of members
of this House. You are at liberty to answer.
Mr. Smith, (the correspondent at the bar.) I
§end to the Speaker an answer in writing, which
I ask to have read.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
gentleman's answer at the bar.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Speaker of the House of Representatives :
In regard to my first dispatch which appeared in
theNew York Evening Postof Monday, June 6,1870,
the statements contained therein were based upon
orlicial documentswhich I saw, and the statements
set forth in the_ dispatch were identical with tliose
contained in said documents; and the names men-
tioned in the dispatch were the same as those con-
tained in those papers, and used there in the same
connection as in said dispatch.
Second. Upon these statements being denied by Mr.
r itch m the House of Representatives, I called upon
General B. F. Butler and conversed with him upon
the subject, and asked him whether he intended to
state in the House, when called upon to do so,
