174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
come and never will come in the history of this
country when the people of the United States
will not approve substantially of the recon-
struction measures of Congress from beginning
to end; and they are producing their legiti-
mate fruits to-day in the prosperity and peace
which prevail in almost every part of the
nation.
Sir, I hope that this amendment will be
adopted. I say that the action of the State of
Georgia has developed the necessity that Con-
gress should exercise all its power in the inter-
est of humanity and freedom, and protect those
people whom the State of Georgia, or the rebels
of that State, reckless, of their duty to the
country and of their obligations to the recon-
struction policy of Congress which they had
agreed to adopt, trample under their feet.
When the State of Georgia has displayed a
determination on her part to do everything in
her power to deprive these people of their
political and legal rights, then I am ready to
take the responsibility and answer to the peo-
ple for what I do, of reaching forth the hand
of Congress and protecting those rights, and
making that protection as perpetual as the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, as I intend
to vote for the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Indiana I wish to state very briefly
the reasons which lead me to do so.
I do not view that amendment as subjecting
the people of Georgia or the State of Georgia
to any coercion. If it shall be adopted and
become a part of the law it will simply sub-
mit to the people of Georgia the alternative
of remaining in their present condition until
it shall be changed by Congress, or of adopt-
ing the fifteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion. It simply submits to them the question
whether they prefer the one condition or the
other; that is all—not a very uncommon state
of things in our political history. If the people
of Georgia see fit to remain in their present
condition, subject to the reconstruction acts
of Congress and to the military authority pro-
vided'for in those acts, they have a right to
do so; let them do so. But if they shall find
it so uncomfortable and so objectionable as
seems to be represented by some of their
friends here, all they have to do is to adopt the
fifteenth amendment and they can escapefrom
their difficulty at once. There is no coercion
about it; it all depends on the free will of
Georgia. " Coercion " is not a term to apply
to such a thing. It is left to their own free
will. If that be coercion, then I have mis-
taken the meaning of language.
An objection has been raised to the passage
of this amendment upon the allegation that it
imposes a new and further condition upon the
people of Georgia not embraced in the previous
reconstruction laws. Well, sir, I am not sure
but that that is true in point of fact, but the
amendment is not worse oil that account either
for the people of Georgia or the rest of the
people of the United States. I know very
well that under the reconstruction acts even
the State of Georgia acquired no positive right
to be represented in the two Houses of Con-
gress until the two Houses of Congress said so;
until we should give our consent under all the
circumstances ofthe case. That right and that
duty was reserved in the reconstruction act in
plain terms, and it was, in myjudgment, a very
prudent provision. We see its necessity at this
present juncture plainly and distinctly.
But, sir, if an excuse were wanting for the
imposition of this further condition in the ad-
mission of Georgia, I feel for one that it is
found in the conduct of the dominant party in
Georgia. They have not kept their faith with
the icconstruction acts. The reconstruction
acts authorize every male person twenty-one
years of age, without distinction of color, to
vote at the polls and to vote for members of
the Legislature, and to be voted for as mem-
bers of the Legislature. The right to be elected
to the Legislature was as plainly provided for
in the reconstruction acts as was the right to
vote. It was plainly written on the face of the
statute, so plainly that he who runs might read,
and that even he who stumbles might not mis-
take it. But notwithstanding the clearness of
that provision in those acts, when the Legis-
lature of Georgia assembled, there being a
majority of what are called white Conservatives
who believed not in the policy of the reconstruc-
tion laws, but in what is called the policy of
"the white man's government," they took it
into their heads to ostracise and to expel from
the legislative bodies of that State, elected under
the reconstruction acts, a large portion of the
members elected; not because they were not
twenty-one years old, not because they were
not citizens of the United States, not because
they had been guilty of any crime or offense
justly disqualifying them for the elective fran-
chise and for holding the office of represent-
atives and senators, but because they were col-
ored, because they had descended from Africa;
and that was the sole reason.
Sir, there was no excuse or apology for this
high-handed, revolutionary, and oppressive
measure. It was setting at direct defiance the
commands of the reconstruction laws of Con-
gress. Itwasnotkeepingfaithwiththe United
States. It was directly breaking faith with us.
It was an unblushing and unhesitating violation
of the plain language of the reconstruction acts.
Now, sir, it does not lie in the mouth of a
party who has been guilty of direct and delib-
erate perfidy toward the other party to cry out
against him that he is wanting in good faith ;
and the very conduct of these white represent-
atives in the Georgia Legislature evinces as
plainly as is possible the necessity of adding
this supplementary requirement in the admis-
sion of Georgia. Sir, if they break faith with
us onee they will a second time. A party who
deliberately breaks his faith is not thereafter to
be trusted, and the opposite party, if he is wise,
will take good care to give him no opportunity,
by hedging him about with guards and precau-
tions, so that he shall not be able again to de-
ceive him or betray him. Georgia has no com-
plaint, therefore, to make on account of this
additional condition which we see fit to annex
to her readmission into the Union. If she had
kept her faith, that uberrima fides which ought
to belong to a public body, I confess that I
should hesitate somewhat in annexing another
condition to her readmission into the Union ;
but as she has deliberately and persistently
broken and violated the reconstruction acts,
seeking to evade them entirely, I feel no hesi-
tation, as a matter of future security, in im-
posing new conditions even upon Georgia.
Sir, suppose Georgia shall be again rehabili-
tated and readmitted into the Union, and the
fifteenth amendment of the Constitution is not
ratified for want of her vote, how easy would
it be for that State to change her local consti-
tution and ostracise and exclude from the bal-
lot all the colored persons within her limits
and insist on a white man's government exclu-
sively for Georgia. That they will do it I en-
tertain no doubt whatever. The moment they
have the power so to amend their present local
constitution as to exclude the colored popula-
tion from political rights you may rely upon it
that they will do it. 1 have no hesitation about
so believing, and hence I deem it very prudent
and very necessary to impose this additional
condition upon the readmission of Georgia.
Let us make it for her interest, if she values her
connection with the Union as a State of the
Union so highly, let us teach her at least to be
a little more modest toward the United States;
and let her not forget in a moment of her own
fancied triumph that there is such a thing as a
Republican party in the United States, a Union
party who have carried the country and the
Government successfully through a war of four
years, and whose arms and whose courage have
humbled the proud State of Georgia at the very
feet of that party. Sir, we are no longer to be
trifled with; we have the right and it is our
duty to stand up and assert our own policy and
carry it out by all reasonable legislation, no
matter who may grumble or complain.
For these reasons, sir, I shall vote for the
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I entirely
sympathize with the feeling of Senators who
are desirous that this people of Georgia shall
give some efficient proof of their good faith
and of their real republicanism. I do not
mean republicanism in the mere technical
party sense, but in the Jeffersonian sense, if
I may use such a phrase, in coming again into
the sisterhood of States. Batlconfess I feel,
as I believe the committee felt unanimously,
that if we could attain that object, the adop-
tion of the fifteenth amendment and the re-
adoption, if you please, of the fourteenth by
the Legislature of that people, actisg of their
own free will without anything that anybody
could call coercion or duress, it would be emi-
nently desirable; and desirable for the reason
that the position of Georgia has come to be in
the minds of a great many persons somewhat
different from that of the other States upon
whom we have imposed these conditions.
When I say "States." I do not mean political,
equal, complete communities, but should say
rather the people within the territorial limits
called States. Now, if we can attain by the
free will of the people of Georgia this result
and are sure of it, considering the somewhat
different position of that people as is claimed
by many, without inviting a controversy here-
after either in the halls of legislation or in {he
forum which is only a little way from us, would
it not be very desirable to do so 1 It seems to
me that it would. It so seemed to the com-
mittee that if the record should show that the
people of the State of Georgia—call her in the
Union or call her out of the Union—had, so
far as any evidence could go that any court or
any Congress could see, acted freely, acted
without any condition, even, as it respects what
she should do, then certainly as to her no ques-
tion could arise either in a court or in Con-
gress touching the validity of her ratification
of these amendments.
I confess that it seems entirely plain to me
that it would be wise to do that thing if we
can. Can we not? This bill, if you pass it as
reported by the committee, does not readmit
the people of Georgia into relations with the
Union. Its difficulty is, in my humble judg-
ment, that it does not go quite far enough; but
as far as it does go it declares that the farther
action of Congress shall be necessary and indis-
pensable to the complete restoration of that
people and to the admission of their Senators
and Representatives. What then ? If you do
not impose this amendment upon this bill you
leave the State of Georgia in a position where
her forces are still awaiting their development
and where her people will see—undoubtedly
actuated by the most unselfish and generous
of ideas—that it is wise and fit before she asks
Congress to admit her Senators and her Rep-
resentatives to establish herself upon the broad-
est democratic foundations by adopting these
two constitutional amendments, which secure
in the broadest democratic sense the right of
suffrage to all male citizens.
Mr. NORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. NORTON. Suppose that after the pas-
sage of this bill the Legislature of Georgia
ratifies the amendment, and Congress still for
some other reason under this last section does
not admit her to representation, for what does
that ratification go ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will decide that ques-
tion when it arises. I will leave my friend from
Minnesota to exercise his opinion upon that
hypothesis, but I will reserve mine until the
event comes.
Then, to resume the point I was speaking to,
no danger whatever, as it seems to me, is to be
apprehended by not agreeing to this amend-
