I486
THE! CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
ing that the allusion to kim I made the .other
day was not dictated in any measure by any
personal ill-will toward him, or with a view
of doing liiin any injustice before this House
or the people of this country. I made the allu-
sion to him, of course, without any previous
reflection, being interrogated by his colleague,
[Mr. Niblack.] But I had seen it stated during
the war, it was published in my State, that the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] was
connected with that order.
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman from
New Hampshire ought not to believe all that
he sees in the newspapers. It leads to great
errors.
Mr. BENTON. I believe the gentleman
will admit that there was a letter published to
the country written to him by Mr. Wall, of
New Jersey—I believe that was the name—in
reference to a supply of arms furnished to that
order in the West.
Mr. VOORHEES. I admit no such thing.
I wrote no letter of the sort. I never wrote
to any one on such a subject. I cannot now go
into details. I will only say that my own constit-
uents are fully satisfied on that point. More
than that; the evidence is on file in the adjutant
general's office in the city of Indianapolis, if it
has not been taken away—and I say it here in
the hearing of my Indiana colleagues—from
the provost marshal at Terre Haute, that my
public course when the draft of 1864 was en-
forced enabled him to comply with the law
without bloodshed and violence, and that I
was entitled to the gratitude of the authorities
and people of Indiana instead of their censure.
Mr. BENTON. 1 hold in my hand the report
of the Judge Advocate General upon the order
of American Knights, or Sons of Liberty, a
western conspiracy in aid of the southern
rebellion. Let me read a few words from page
G of that report, which I supposed to be true,
and which had a tendency, at least, to show
some connection with that order of the gentle-
man from Indiana. That report says:
" It should also be stated that at the office of Hon.
D. W. Voobheks, M. 0., at Terre Haute, were dis-
covered letters which disclosed a correspondence be-
tween him and ex-Senator Wall, of New Jersey, in
regard to the purchase of twenty thousand Garibaldi
rifles, to be forwarded to the West."
I find also, upon page 7 of the same report,
in regard to the rituals, oaths, &c., of the
order, the following:
"The ritual of the order, as well as its secrets,
signs, pass-words, &e., have been fully made known
to the military authority, in August one hundred
and twelve copies of the ritnal of the O. A. K. were
seised in the office of Hon. D. W. Voobhbes, M. C.,
at Terre Haute, and a large number of rituals of
the 0. S. L., together with the grips, constitutions
of the councils, &c„ already referred to, were found
in the building at Indianapolis," &c.
Mr. VOORHEES. Who makes that report?
Mr. BENTON. Judge Holt.
Mr. VOORHEES. He publishes a false-
hood. This office, where somebody that 1 am
as unacquainted with as is the gentleman from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Benton,] had put these
papers, which I never saw either before or
since, and never heard of except as somebody
reported that they were found there—the office
where these papers were said to have been
found had not been occupied by me for six
months. I left a piece of furniture there; and
these ritnals, as they,are called, were found
on it, as it is said. I know nothing more
about them than that. They may have had no
existence at all, so far as any knowledge of
mine is concerned. 1 never met an impartial
witness who claims to have seen them. I was
in the midst of a most exciting political con-
test when this discovery was claimed to have
been made. It was in September, 1804, and
the election took place in October. It was
just.the tinie to hatch out sensational affairs
on candidates.
I Boppose the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire mil accept my word upon this question;
but it he Wants to enter into a controversy for
the purpose of making it appear that I was a
member of the Knights of the Golden Circle,
or any other secret political organization, he
is entering on a most difficult task and one in
which he will signally fail. I do not intend to
be provoked into using harsh language. I do
not desire to do so, and feel no such inclina-
tion. I intend, however, to stand right on
this question. I never had any connection
with that order, though many good men may
have had, and I have no evidence of its law-
less designs. I know nothing of that paper
which the gentleman from New Hampshire
has read. It is doubtless the offspring of the
bitter political times through which we have
all passed. The charge to which I am now
replying was once made in the Senate, at a
time when I was not a member of this House,
in a debate between Senator Wade and Sen-
ator Hendricks. Mr. Wade, misled perhaps
by the very document to which the gentleman
from New Hampshire has referred, used my
name in that connection. I addressed him a
note on the subject; and the next day in his
place in the Senate he retracted the charge
as explicitly as ever a retraction was made.
There the matter has rested from that day to
this. The gentleman from New Hampshire
cannot give it new life. It is dead; dead here
and dead everywhere; dead in my district
and dead in the public mind of Indiana. It
is justly dead, for it is untrue.
I ask no more for myself in this House or
before the country than I am entitled to. That
much, however, I claim; and I shall always
find the means to enforce the claim. So far
as regards my personal conduct, I have never
during the war or since done anything upon
which I am not willing to have poured the light
of day. I have been subjected to animadver-
sions and misrepresentations as other men.
Doubtless the gentleman from New Hampshire
saw published in his State the allegation to
which he has referred. I am not responsible
for that; I care nothing about it. Published
anywhere but here, I would now let it pass;
bat when reiterated in this presence I meet it.
I do not know that the order to which the gen-
tleman alludes had the designs attributed to it.
I do not believe it had. Everything, no doubt,
has been exaggerated on that subject. But I
never believed in" secret political societies,
however harmless their purposes.
I insist again, however, that the best answer
to this old, stale calumny i3 the indorsement
of my district, where a Republican majority
of fifteen hundred was overcome in the face
of it. It could have had no foundation in the
belief of my neighbors; otherwise I could not
have obtained their verdict in my favor. A
man is best known at home, among his neigh-
bors and those with whom he daily and hourly
tningles. 1 have pursued the avocations of
life for mafiy years in the midst of a most in-
telligent people. I represent one of the largest
districts represented on this floor. Gould I
have been a conspirator, a member of oath-
bound societies sworn to subvert the Govern-
ment, or to prevent the raising of troops, or to
violate the laws of the land, as the gentleman
intimates, without the fact being known in my
district, as well as any other criminal conduct
of which I could have been guilty? I know of
no such societies, nor do I believe they existed.
But all these charges have been weighed by my
constituents, and I stand firmly to day upon
their verdict, the verdict of a district created
for the purpose of preventing me from ever
being returned to these Halls. It ig not within
the power of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, or of a partisan judge advocate general,
to injure my reputation before those to whom
I am immediately responsible, who know me,
and know all my daily incomings and out-
goings, in whose presence I live and on whose
generous faith I have never relied in vain. I
have been faithful to them, and they have repaid
me a thousand fold.
The fact that some books or papers were
dropped somewhere, that somebody else might
find them and make a report upon them, binds
not me. I might animadvert severely upon that
transaction. I knew it all by heart; I have met
it, not here, but in the midst of my people,
where the occurrences took place ; and I repeat
here to-day that instead of standing here in the
attitude ofa conspirator to violate the laws of my
country, the evidence is in i'ull existence that
my position is the very reverse. I retract noth-
ing of my sayings or doings in the pant. Some
errors may have fallen to me as to all others ;
but I am willing that the record shall stand
as it was written. I ask no more, and am will-
ing to submit to no less.
Mr. DAWES took the floor.
Mr. BENTON. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. WOOD. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. BENTON. I wish to say a word or two
in response to the gentleman from Indiana.
As to arraigning him before the House I had
no such intention. I referred to the report
which I have read to the House so that the
House might understand my allusion, but not
for the purpose of assailing the gentleman ; for
I really was of the belief from the facts before
me that he was connected with the order to
which I referred. I am glad, of course, lo hear
him now declare that he never was a member
of any such order. And now, after his declara-
tion, I do not desire to pursue this question
any further, although I have some of the gen-
tleman's speeches and votes to which I thought
1 might perhaps refer.
CORRECTION.
Mr. BURDETT. I find that I am not re-
corded on the resolution introduced by the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Loughridge] for
an increase of the currency. I did vote on that
resolution, and voted in the affirmative, and I
ask that the Journal be so corrected.
The correction was ordered accordingly.
PROTECTION OF GRAPE-GROWERS.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following pre-
amble and resolution:
Whereas complaints are made to Congress by grape
and other fruit-growers that their interests have
greatly suffered, and now suffer, from the operation
of existing statutes designed for grain-distillers, and
applied unnecessarily and disastrously to the distill-
ers of grape brandy:
Be it resolved. That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
1 providing separate legislation for the taxation of fruit
!, distillation, and especially if the latter interest can-
I i not be properly relieved-of the capacity and per diem
J: tax, and from regulations not properly xpplicable
!; thereto or needed for the safety of the public revenue.
ji Mr. McCarthy. I object.
Washington's birthday.
i Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, a motion was
| made yesterday to adjourn over from then until
1 Wednesday, this being the 2'2d of February and
Washington's birthday. That motion was not
heard by many friends on this side, or, perhaps,
it would have been carried. I rise now, in
order to mark our observance of this day, to
move that the House do now adjourn. It is
my belief that there is hardly a State Legisla-
ture in session to-day, all having adjourned
over in honor of the day.
Mr. DAWES. Howcan the gentleman make
that motion when I have the floor?
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is
always in order, and can be made as soon as
the gentleman has made his motion.
Mr. DAWES. Then I submit my motion, that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, to continue
the consideration of the executive, legislative,
and judicial appropriation bill.
Mr. SWANN. I move that the House do now
adjourn in honor of Washington's birthday.
The House divided; and there werer-ayes
48, noes 75.
Mr. SWANN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
