472
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Senate.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Oasserly.
41st Cong 2d Sess.
there is peaceful acquiescence in thenew order
of things—even in those quarters where ob-
struction and disturbance have most been pre-
dicted, perhaps because they were most desired
by our political opponents.
While the political horizon is thus calm and
bright, not a cloud in the sky, why is it that
the weather-wise pilots of the Senate Judiciary
Committee, under the lead of the Senator from
Nevada, are in such haste to force upon the
country a coercive penal bill, which seems in-
tended to provide for ageneral uprising through-
out the land against the lifteenth amendment,
or against the bare possibility of such a thing
in the remote future? In a time of peace, in
a quiet neighborhood where the laws are ob-
served and order reigns, does auy man go about
armed with revolver and bowie-knife? The
man who does so is branded always by the just
sentiment of an outraged community as a ruf-
fian. Why, then, at a time when the country
is in a state of profound quiet under the oper-
ation of the fifteenth amendment, new to all
and harsh to so many though it be, and while
all things are moving together as men of peace
and good will would desire, why this Senate
bill, with its cloud of oppressive and incendiary
details; its alarming apparalus of pains and
penalties, of prosecutions and persecutions, of
arrests andiruprisonments; itssv/arm of inform-
ers and their prowling attorneys; of commis-
sioners and their baililfs by the thousands,
each_ one of whom may seize any officer of
election at the polls or any judgeof aState court
on his bench and cast him into the common
jail? Above all, why these most extraordinary
provisions for taking the entire military and
naval power of the country out of the hands
where alone the Constitution has confided
them, the hands of the President; and putting
them into the hands of any loose fellow, any
hanger-on of the marshal's office, without busi-
ness or character, out of the horde of bailiffs
appointed by the commissioners amid the
utmost excitements of a contested election?
In no Government in Christendom would a
committee of a legislative body venture in time
of perfect peace to recommend such a bill so
packcd with enormities as this bill of tbeJudi-
ciary Committee—the mere insolence of power
in its most wanton mood.
.But, Bir, till these are general considerations.
I regret, tlicy have detained me so long from
the main purpose with which 1 rose lo address
the .Senate. My purposo was to bring to the
notice of Senators a view of the subject which,
if accepted by them, must control then-action.
That view is, that there is nothing in the lif-
teenth amendment which under the most liberal
construction authorizes any of the legislation
proposed by the bill of the Senate, or any of
the provisions of the House bill after the first
section. I ask the attention of Senators to this
view because I deem it to be vital. 1 com-
mence by reading the amendment;
"Section 1. Tlio right of citizens of tho United
States to vote sluill not bo <lcnicd or abridged by the
United btatcs, or by any Stat.o, on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude.
".Sec. 2. ThoUongreps shatlhave power to enforco
this article by appropriate legislation."
In considering tho effect of this amendment
the first inquiry is, what was its object, what
was the policy of its adoption? We cannot
differ as to the answer. It was the last of three
amendments promulgated since the war. Tho
first ol these, the thirteenth amendment, nbol- |
ished slavery. The fourteenth amendment j
declared all persons horn or naturalized in the
United States to be citizens of the United
States, ihc fifteenth amendment forbids the
United States, or any State, to deny to citizens
of the United States the right to vote "on
account of race color, or previous condition of
servitude." The thirteenth amendment made
all persons free. The fourteenth amendment
conferred citizenship on all native or natural-
ized persons, and on all persons equal protec-
tion before the law. The fifteenth amendment
is more limited in its language. It merely for-
bids "the United States or any State to deny
or abridge the right of citizens to vote"—not
generally, but for a limited class of causes—
"on account of race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude." Not all "citizens " are
protected in "the right to vote," but only those
whose right might be "abridged or denied"
on account of one special class of grounds,
"race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude." This class of grounds is not only special
in itself, but it limits the effect of the amend-
ment to a special class of " citizens;" those,
namely, of the negro race, whether previously
slave or free.
"The right to vote" of that class of persons
had been "denied or abridged " in many, per-
haps most of the States, and might be again in
all. Hence there was an evil, real or supposed,
to be remedied and prevented. There was in
the country another large class of persons, of
the white race, natives of Europe, who though
declared to be " citizens'' of the United States
by the fourteenth amendment, hadbeen or wero
still denied, or at least abridged of "the right
to vote" in one or more States, and might be
in all, on account of nativity or tho want of a
property qualification, or both. By the pecu-
liar wording of the fifteenth amendment all
this class was and is excluded from its bene-
fits. All this makes it quite clear that the
intent of tho fifteenth amendment was single;
to protect one race of people in the country,
and only one, that known as "tho colored
race." To that class of citizeus, therefore,
its effects are confined.
Its operation upon tho United States and
the States, and the powers of Congress under
it, arc of course limited in like manner.
Another vital consequence follows also. The
control of the subject of the suffrage remains
in the States full and uncontrolled, as it was
before the fifteenth amendment, except only
that they shall not "abridge or deny the right to
vote'' to pereona of tho African race on account
of their "racc, color, or previous condition of
servitude." This will be apparent from a few
considerations. Before tho fifteenth amend-
ment tho control of the whole subject of suf-
frage had been conceded to and exercised by
the Stales, under the Constitution, from tho
foundation of the Government. It was aright
peculiarly cherished by the people of tho States.
The Republican party fully and solemnly recog-
nized and affirmed all this, not once, but often ;
but most clearly and with the greatest binding
force at its last presidential convention, though
it limited the declaration to those States which
did not go into secession. The language was
that "the question of suffrage in all the loyal
States properly belongs to the people of those
States."
We have seen how guarded the amendment
is in its language, how closely restricted to a
particular class of "citizens" and of causes
of abridgment or denial. Except as to that
class of citizens and causes, tho amendment
leaves the whole subject of suffrage, including
qualifications of voters, in tho control of the
States as fully as it had been for nearly eighty
years beforo the amendment was thought oi'.
11 the benefits of tho amendment are restricted
to a particular class of persons its prohibitions
are also limited in their operation. Again, I
call attention to the language employed:
"The right of citizens, &e., to vote shall not bo
a bruised or denied by tho linitod States, or by any
State on account," &c.
The prohibition is laid upon "the United
States" or "any State." It is with these, as
States, that in terms the amendment deals.
Clearly its primary general operation is to
make void any law of the United States or any
constitution or law of any State which contra-
venes its provisions. This has always been
held with regard to the many prohibitions in
the Constitution of the United States upon the
power of the States; as, for example, those
in article one, section ten:
"No State shall, &o„ coin money; emit bills of
credit; make anything but gold and silver coin a
tender in payment of debts; pass any, &e., nr pa?t
facto law. or law impairing the obligation of con-
tracts," <fce.
This language is identical in legal effect with
that of the fifteenth amendment;
"The right, &C., to vote shall not be denied or
abridged by tho United States, or by any State." &e.
In each case the State is prohibited from
exercising certain specified powers.
In tho case of State laws "impairing the
obligation of contracts," the question has very
frequently arisen as to the mode of operation
of the constitutional prohibition. It has always
been understood that the prohibition operated
directly upon the State law and made it void.
The remedy has always been asserted through
the courts, State or Federal, to the entire satis-
faction of all parties interested. 'Let me re-
mind Senators thatithas always been left there,
even in cases where the controversy gave rise
to great popular excitement. No such tremen-
dous apparatus of coercion as is now brought
forward was ever thought of.
The same remarks apply to laws of the Uni-
ted States in violation of express constitutional
prohibitions. They have been disposed of by
the parties affected through the ordinary reme-
dial processes of the courts.
_ Besides makingvoid all provisions, constitu-
tional or statutory, that violate it, does the fif-
teenth amendment go further? Does it operate
upon individuals, and authorize Congress to
pass laws affecting them ? The strongest argu-
ment that it does is found by Senators who so
affirm in section two of the amendment;
" Congress shall have power to enforce this article
by appropriate legislation."
But this is no argument. It is an effort to
argue backward. The congressional power to
enforce is one thing, and is a power to legis-
late merely. The constitutional provisions to
be enforced are something entirely different.
They are the principal thing, and must be found,
if at all, in the first section of the amendment.
They furnish the subject and the limit of the
power to legislate. That power is merely inci-
dent and executory. It would exist in Con-
gress without an express grant, just as much as
the powcrto legislate in execution of the num-
erous powers given to Congress in section eight
of article one would exist without the express
authority at the foot of the section—
"To make all laws which shall bo necessary and
proper for cairying into execution the foregoing
powers," Arc.
In short, a power in Congress to legislate in
execution of constitutional provisions never can
beheld to enlarge those provisions. Otherwise,
as such a power always exists in Congress, it
can always be used to enlarge the Constitution,
The argument is that unless the amendment
affects individuals as well as States the power
to legislate given to Congress has nothing to
operate on. it is not well founded. The amend-
ment is in terms a prohibition, and is negative
merely. Congress may well give to its brief
words the sanction of positive law, declaring
fully what provisions of constitutional or stat-
utory law are void for conflict. It may also
provide means in the Federal courts for the
more easy and prompt vindication, by the civil
remedies known to the law, of the rights pro-
tected by the fifteenth amendment. All this
would be "appropriate legislation" under
section two.
But, sir, the subject is new, grave, and diffi-
cult. Let me concede for the argument that
the amendment authorizes Congress to legislate
against individuals. What individuals, let mo
ask? Clearly, only those individuals who, as
