1870.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
3375
buildings rented by war depart bnt.
The SPEAKER also, by titianimous consent,
laid before the Honse a communication from
the Secretary of War; in relation to private
buildings in the District of Columbia rented
and occupied by the War Department.
On motion of Mr. WELKER, the comniil-
nication was referred to the Committee on Re-
trenchment, and ordered to be printed.
fort porter.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent, j
laid before the House a communication from i
the Secretary of War, in relation to the im- J
provement of grounds owned by the United :
States in the city of Buffalo, and known as 1
Fort Porter : which was referred to the Com- '
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be |
printed. I
william eluott, deceased. j
The SPEAKER also laid before the House :
a communication from the Secretary of War, in
answer to a resolution of the House of March
5,1870, in relation to the claim of the execu-
trix of the late William Elliott, of South Car- :
olina; which was referred to the Committee of j
Claims.
VENTILATING TREASURY BUILDING.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, inclosing a letter from the superjis-
ingarcitect asking an appropriation of $24,630
for the purpose of ventilating the south and
north portion of the west wing of the Treasury
building; which was referred to the Commit-
tee On Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
washington ci tv savings-bank.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the treasurer of the Washington
City Savings-Bank, in compliance with section
eight of its charter; which was referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
boston and new york harbors, etc.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
in answer to a resolution of April 25, 1870, in
relation to the expenditures on Boston and
New York, harbors, Delaware breakwater, and
the month of the Mississippi river; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed;
EDUCATING THE INDIANS, JSTC1
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the. Secretary of the
Interior, in answer to a resolution of the House
of March 24, 1870, in relation to the efforts
that have been made fc|y the. Government to
educate and civilize the Indian tribes within
the limitsLof the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to, b^.printed- ,.
united STATB8 transport 8teasikr illinois.
The SPEAKER ajao laid before tie House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
in relation to the United States transport
steamer Illinois being transferred to the City
of New York by authority of law'for quaran-
tine purposes; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
, sga-coast defense. '
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting the report of the board of engi-
neers upon their experiments in connection
with an efficient system of sea-coast defense in
the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
he printed.
piegan indians.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
in relation to late expedition againfet the Pi 9-
gan Ifidians'itlthe Tefrritotyof Montana; which
was referredtotbeComtnitteeonlndranAffairs,
and ordered to be printed.
oneida.
The SPEAKER also laid before the douse
further reply of .the Secretary of the Navy to
i the resolution of,the House calling for inform-
' ation regarding the Oneida; which wasreferred
: to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
1 to be printed.
Mr. MAYNARD submitted a resolution for
one thousand,extra copies; which, under the
law, was referred to the Committee on Printing.
I FOX AND WISCONSIN RIVERS.
] The SPEAKER also laid before the Honse a
[ memorial and joint resolution of tbe General
1 Assembly of the State of Iowa in reference to
j the improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers; which were referred to the Committee
I on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
! MILITARY FORCES IN KANSAS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the Iloiue of Jiepretentative* :
In answer to your resolution of the 21st ultimo,
requesting to bs informed "whether any portion or
the military forces of the United States nave bee*
sent into the countiea of Bourbon, Crawford, and.
Cherokee, in the State of Kansas, and if so, when,
what number, for what purpose, and on whose pro-
curement ; and also whether they have been required
to erect there any winter quarters, forts, fortifica-
tions, or earth-works, and if so, what, for what pur-
pose, and at whose expense, and at what probable
expense to the Government nave all said acts been
done," I transmit herewith a report, dated 18th in-
stant, from the Secretary of War, to whom the reso-
lution was referred.
TJ. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, April 20,1870.
The message and accompanying papers were
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed. .
E8TEBAN G. MONTANO.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
| the United States:
To the Senate and Houte of EapreientcUivei
rep  
of State, relative to results of the proceedings of the
I transmit to Congress a report from the Secretary
' State, relative to results of the proceedings of th«
joint commission at Lima under the convention be-
tween the United States and Pern of 4th of Decem-
ber, 1868, and recommend that an appropriation be
made to discharge the obligation of tne United States
in the case of the claim ot' EstebanG. Mofatano, to
which the report refers. , . ,
tT. S. GRANT.
Washington, J:prt714,1870. '
The message and accompanying papers.were
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
UNIFICATION OF COINAGE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the Honse
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the House of Representative! :
In answer to the resolution of the Hemse of Repre-
sentatives of the 9th instant, I transmit areport from
the Secretary, of State and the paper which accom-
panied It.
U.S.GRANT.
Washington, April 38,1870.
The SPEAKER, The communication re-
lates to the unification of titer coinage. If
there be no objection it will be referred to the
Committee On Coinage, Weights, and Meas-
ures, and ordered to be printed.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
■WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, by
unanimous consent, leave was granted for the
withdrawal from before the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs of the claim of Leon A lean.
LEAVES OF ABSENCE.
Mr. GILFILL AN obtained leave of absence
for two days from to-day.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, obtained leave of
absence for to-day.
Mr. FITCH obtained leave of absence until
, the 14th instant.
• POBLIO BUILDtNQS AT ALBANY.
Mr. MAYHAM. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill (S. No. 708) to provide for a
building for the use of the post office, custom-
bouse, United States circuit and district courts,
and internal revenue offices at Albany, New
York, be taken from the Speaker's table and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object.
evening session.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before moving to go into
Committee of tne Whole on the state of the
Union, on the special order, I move that the
Committee of the Whole be directed to take a
recess from half past four o'clock until half
past seven o'clock this evening.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
59, noes 56; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Schenck and
Mr. Elduidge were appointed.
The Honse divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 79, noes 60.
Mr. WOOD. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr; COX. Gentlemen who vote for this
motion are pledged to come here to-night. Let
ns pnt them on record.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 58, not voting
83; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler. Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Axtell, Beaman,
B«afty, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Bird, Blair,
George M. Brooks, Buffinton, Burchard, Roderick
R. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, Sidney Clarke,
Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Covode, Cowles,
Dickey, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Ferry, Finkeln-
burg, Fisher, Garfield, Hale, Hamilton, Hawley,
Heflin, Hoar, Hooper. Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Lawrence, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary,
McGrew, Eliakim II. Moore, Jesse II. Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Peck, Perce, Peters, Poland, Pom-
eroy, Porter, Saaford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck,
Lionel A. Sheldon, John A. Smith, Starkweather,
Stevens, Strickland, Taylor. Tillman, Townsend,
! Twichell.Tyner, Upson,Van Wyck,Welter,Wheeler,
I Willard, Williams, and Winans—87.
: NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Ayer. Biggs, Booker,
Bowen.JamesBrooks, Cleveland, Conner, Cox, Dick-
; inson, Dox, Eldridge, Farnsworth.Ferriss, Getz, Gib-
son, Griswold, llaight. Haldeman, Hambleton, Har-
ris, Hay, Hill, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Knott,
Laflin, Lash, Lewis, Mayham, McKenzie, McNeely,
Morphia, Morrissey, Niblack, Paine, Prosser, Ran-
dall, Rice, Rogers. Sohumaker, Sherrod, Shober,
Slocum, Joseph S.Smith, William J.Smith, William
Smyth, Stiles, Stokes, Stone, Swann, Trimble, Van
Auken, Voornees. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wil-
kinson. Winchester, and Wood—58.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Bailey, Banks,
Barnum, Barry, Beck, Bingham, Boles, Boyd, Buck,
Buckler, Bardett, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin,
William T. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Crebs,
Cullom, Davis, Dawes. Degener, Dixon, Dockery,
Fitch, Fox, Gilfillan, Hamill, Hawkins, Hays, Hea-
ton, Hoge, Holman, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kellogg, Kerr,
Knapp, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall, McCormick,
McKee, Mercur, Milnes, Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill,
Mungen. Negley, Packer, Palmer, Phelps, Piatt,
Potter* Reeves, Ridgway, Roots, Scofield, Shanks,
Porter Sheldon, Worthington C. Smith, Stevenson.
Stoighton, Strader, Strong. Sweeney, Taffe. Tanner,
Vail Horn, Van Trumt>, Ward, William B. Wash-'
burn. Wells, Whitmore, Eugene M. Wilson, Jolut
T. Wilson, Witcher, and Woodward—83.
So the motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. HILL asked leave of absence for the
remainder of the day.
Mr. WOOD. I object, if the gentleman
Voted for an evening session.
Mr. HILL. I did not.
Mr. WOOD. Then I do not object.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole en the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in tbe chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes;
