1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
ment and by cleaving the people of Georgia
perfectly free to adopt or rejecfc
Mr. MORTON. May I be allowed to ask
my friend a question?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator from
Vermont -whether, if this requirement is not
made, and the State of Georgia shall elect Sen-
ators and Representativ.es and they shall come
here for admission, he will vote for their
admission until she has ratified the fifteenth
amendment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I might
give the same answer to my friend from Indi-
ana that I did to my friend from Minnesota;
but as I know his inquiry is actuated by a
somewhat more wholesome spirit, I will answer
it as well as I can. I tell the Senator frankly
that so far as I now see I should not; not
because she had not done the thing, but because
not having done it would be conclusive evidence
to me that there was not a particle of democracy
or republicanism or security for liberty in that
State. That is the reason; and I believe that
I should continue to think so until the crack
of doom. That is my answer.
Let me tell the Senator that the people of
Georgia perfectly well understand, as the peo-
ple of the United States perfectly well under-
stand, that no man who believes as we believe
in the reality of democratic government will
ever vote to receive any people into the family
of the States until ho is convinced by the most
conclusive evidence that that people are them-
selves by their own local and domestic insti-
tutions and by the spirit they exhibit entitled
to that admission. That is the ground upon
which I stand; and it is that ground which
leads me to be somewhat solicitous that in this
anomalous and exceptional condition of things,
as it is claimed to be, we should not invite a
controversy hereafter when we can attain the
whole result aimed at without inviting it or
meeting it at all. There is the difference. It
is not a difference in what we wish to accom-
plish ; it is merely a difference in the method
by which we are to meet the end.
That is all, sir, that I wish to say upon this
precise point; but now that I am up 1 should
be glad to occupy a very few moments in stating
in general what I consider to be the situation
of this case. This is not strictly germane to
this precise amendment, but I believe it is
according to the habitudes of this body to talk
rather upon the point that is not up than upon
the one that is.
I have been from the first one of the few—I
am glad to know now that the few are becom
ing many—who saw or thought they saw that
the condition of Georgia particularly required
the intervention of the paramount authority of
the nation ; and so I endeavored last winter a
year ago to persuade this body to take action
in respect to that people, and to restore that
people to the military government we had im-
posed on the people of all the other rebellious
States, from which they had escaped not by
any action of Congress but by the action of the
commander of the military department or dis-
trict which embraced that State by an order,
and the result and effect of which was that in-
stead of the military arm being able to preserve
peace and to secure life as far they could in the
counties and districts of that State, they had
become only able to intervene at the request of
the Governor in the form provided by the Con-
stitution for a case of insurrection in a State,
when the Executive or the Legislature may call
upon the Presidentof the United States for in-
tervention. Therefore, General Meade in that
department was perfectly powerless to enforce
local order. He could not hang a man or try
a man even who had been taken in the act of
flagrant murder before the eyes of his officers.
.Military government was withdrawn by an
express order of General Meade about the 4th
of July, 1868.
What I was then desirous to do was upon
the facts that were presented to us and were
notorious to the country, to restore that people
to the military power, odious as some suppose
it to be—not odious in my mind when it is
exerted by a republican government merely to
preserve order and to preserve life among its
citizens. That is all. But although a bill look-
ing to that end had been introduced, and a re-
port of one of your committees upon that bill
had been made, my political friends and breth-
ren, particularly from the southern States,
fancied that an enlargement of the currency
would be somewhat more advantageous to the
people of the South than the protection of life
and the enforcement of order in the State of
Georgia. They were entitled to that opinion if
they really believed in it, and I certainly have no
right to complain of it, but the consequence
was that we did nothing last year. Now time
has run on, and several of the very persons
whose rights we were endeavoring to protect,
members of the very Legislature whose purity
we were wishing to have asserted, who hap-
pened to believe in equal rights, have been
slain, assassinated; and hundreds of other citi-
zens of the United States who were entitled, if
there is anything in.government, to protection,
who had been guilty of no offense whatever
unless it be an offense to think independently,
and to mind one's own business, have been,
some assassinated and slain and others expelled
from that State. The executive officers of the
Government in some of its counties—and I
speak by the book—who have endeavored to
arrest persons charged with the most heinous
crimes have been seized by large bodies of peo-
ple who called themselves citizens, and white
citizens, and publicly whipped almost to death
and driven away for endeavoring to exercise
the functions of their offices, and here is the
record of it. Now I say for one that a Gov-
ernment, a national Government, that has the
power to interfere in such a case, and refrains
from exercising that power to the uttermost,
fails in the first duty of government, and it is
no better in that respect than no government
at all; it is much worse.
Then the question is now—for I am not one
of those who refuse to act at all because I
could not persuade my friends to act when I
thought we ought to have acted—whether, con-
sistent with our own legislation, consistent with
our own constitutional duty, we have a right
to interfere? To my mind that is perfectly
clear, and perfectly clear without taking any
step backward in respect to the scheme of re-
construction or the mere technical compliance
with our own legislation that we insisted upon
in the case of Georgia. Why, sir, what is the
history of this legislation ? It only requires a
patient man to give five minutes' attention to it
to see that when we restore Georgia to military
control, as I wish we might entirely—although
this bill does not go quite that far, it ought to—
we are acting in precise accordance with what
we have done hitherto upon the statute-book ;
wo are taking back nothing that we have prom-
ised to the people of that State ; we are vio-
lating no pledge that we have made to her ;
but, on the contrary we are insisting upon the
entire performance in good faith of the things
that we required in the first place to be done.
Now, what is the history of this legislation?
1 have taken the pains to make brief abstracts,
which I think I am safe in saying are correct,
of these laws. The first was the act of 2d
March, 1867, which provided in express terms
that until admitted to representation all civil
government in these States, including Georgia,
should be and remain provisional. I believe
our friends over, the way agree that they are
not yet admitted to representation ; that is the
cause of all their woe; so that the time has not
come by the express provisions of the first act
we passed on the subject when provisional
government, subject to the military power, was
deelarcd by Congress to have reached its term-
ination.
That same act also provided in express terms
that no person disqualified by the fourteenth
amendment then proposed to the Constitution,
but not yet adopted, should be eligible to hold
any office in those States thus having provisional
governments.
Then came the act of the 23d of March of the
same year, which provided for the registration
of the class of persons named in the former acts,
not others. That excluded from registration
all persons disqualifiedby the fourteenth amend-
ment, and also by the provisions of the act of
the 23d of March, all persons who could not
truthfully take a certain oath wider than the
fourteenth amendment; and it further provided
that the person should not have been a member
of any Legislature nor held any executive or j u-
dicial office in any State and afterward engaged
in insurrection or rebellion. It did not provide
that he must have taken an oath also, but based
itself upon the mere fact, oath or no oath, that
any person in those States should have held the
offices described and afterward engaged in re-
bellion, and that you will find is material when
we come to consider the composition of this
Legislature that professed to assemble about
the 4th of July 1868.
The fifth section provided for the formation
of a constitution in conformity to the provisions
laid down and for its transmission to Congress,
and then provided not only that that constitu-
tion should be republican in form and satis-
factory to Congress as an instrument before
the State should be again entitled to represent-
ation, but it also provided in express terms
that all the other provisions of said act shall
have been complied with.
It gave notice to that people that every jot
and tittle of the requirements of those laws
must be complied with before they would be
entitled to be heard here upon the question of
restoration.- There was no equivocation about
the language ; nobody could put any miscon-
struction upon it; it was as plain as it was pos-
sible for language to be. That all being done,
not only a republican constitution formed satis-
factory to Congress, but every one of the other
provisions of the law being complied with, then
and not till then should that people be consid-
ered as entitled to be represented on this floor
and in the other House of Congress, and to
make laws for us as well as for themselves.
Then came as you may remember, Mr. Pres-
ident, an attempt to carry these acts into exe-
cution under the administration of the late
President of the United States, under that cel-
ebrated opinion of his Attorney General which
was, as 'we all know, a somewhat extraordi-
nary document, inspired no doubt bythewishes
of his chief, which was calculated—I do not
say intended—to destroy the efficacy of these
very provisions I have been stating by under-
taking to get the case of every rebel out from
under the statute and to hold, as far as it was
possible to go, that the statute really did not
apply to anybody at all. That compelled a
session of Congress in July, 1867, as you may
remember, sir, when we undertook to reaffirm
what we had done before, and to put it in such
language as to make it impossible for that At-
torney General (whether any other could bo
found who could do it might be another
question) to get around it. And so we de-
clared over again in express terms upon a
bill reported by my friend from Illinois that
those governments were to continue "subject"
—I quote the language— " to the paramount
authority of Congress in all respects" until
their Senators and their Representatives were
here; and then we provided by definition what
was the class of persons who should be ex-
cluded from registration and from officehold-
ing in those States as all civil officers created
by law for the administration of any general
law of a State or for the administration of jus
tice, and we provided again that those should
be excluded whether they had taken an oaih
to support the Constitution of the United States
or not, because inasmuch as the Constitution
of the United States required that such officers
should take an oath, we did not intend to give
