1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5268
violation of the laws of the State of Virginia,
an offense against the person or liberty of a
citizen of Virginia, that does not entitle Con-
gress to take jurisdiction of him for the pun-
ishment of that offense. If Patrick Woods
bad with felonious intent taken the life of Mr.
-Pokter orofanyother memberof this House
he would be guilty of murder, and could be
punished only in the State in which the offense
was committed, and in pursuance of the laws
of that State. And if that offense was com-
mitted in such place and under such circum-
stances and with such intent as" to make it
also a violation of the privileges of a member
of this House, or of the dignity of this House,
then for that offense, arising out of and inci-
dent to the other offense, he might be punished
here.
But our punishment could only be for the
contempt against the House. It could not in-
clude the felony, and our judgmen t against him
could never be pleaded by him in bar of sub-
sequent prosecution and punishment for the
felony under the laws of Virginia. The power
of the laws and courts of that State over him
is complete and plenary ; ours is limited, and
for a special purpose only. We cannot extend
it. Besides, in just so far as we do possess
criminal jurisdiction to punish for such offenses
against the House it is our solemn and im-
perative duty to exercise it according to law,
upon established principles of law; and there-
fore we should remember that all criminal
powers are to be strictly construed, and guilt
is never to be assumed, but always proved be-
yond reasonable doubt, and that there can be
no conviction without clear proof of criminal
intent on the part of the offender.
Now, what are the facts in this case ? It is
alleged on the one hand that. Patrick Woods
committed this offense upon Mr. Porter be-
cause the latter is a member of this House. I
do not read the testimony in that way. I find
no evidence to justify that construction of the
act. It is nowhere testified that Patrick Woods
committed this assault and battery upon Mr.
Pokter because Mr. Pouter was a member
of the House. It is not even clearly shown
that Woods knew Mr. Porter to be a member
of the House. On the contrary, what Woods
did, if we are to take the evidence as we find
it, was to commit .an assault and battery on the
person of Mr. Porter for another and an en-
tirely different reason ; and I may as well state
what the ground for the assault was. It was
that some three years ago, when making a
political speech in the city of Richmond, Mr.
Porter, in referring to the respective classes
of citizens, the negroes, the Irish, and the
Germans, had made some invidious compari-
sons between the negroes on the one hand and
the "Dutch and Irish" on the other, alleging
that negroes were as well, if not better, quali-
fied to become citizens of the United States
than the "low Irish and Dutch." For this
insult, or supposed insult, Patrick Woods said
at the time, as appears in the evidence, that
he would whip Porter ; and it appears he
sought this opportunity to execute that threat.
If there is anything in the evidence that ex-
plains the motive of Woods it is this testimony,
which was brought into the record by the pros-
ecution, not by the defense. I do not know,
nor do I care, whether this was really the
ground of the assault; but whether it was or
not, I want the House to remember that the
prosecution in this case has utterly failed to
prove against Woods any criminal intent, either
to violate the privileges of Mr. Porter as a
member of this House, or to outrage the dignity
of this House in any way. A contempt is a
crime which, in order to be complete, must
be held by this and every other tribunal that is
not itself tyrannical, unjust, and outrageous, to
embrace every element of a crime ; and one of
the essential elements of every crimp is a crim-
inal intent. This criminal intent mnstbeshown
beyond a reasonable doubt; and it must be
shown by the prosecutor. In this case the
prosecutor is the House; and the privilege of
the House attempted in this case to be asserted
is a privilege against common right, against
the liberties of the people of this country, and
therefore upon the ordinary principles of law
is to be construed strictly. Such is the fair
import of the decision in Anderson against
Dunn. The House should exercise the least
possible power adequate to the end proposed.
Mr. WOODWARD. I would like to put an
inquiry to the gentleman. If an assault and
battery is committed upon a sheriff while in
the execution of his duties, does it not involve
the guilt of resisting an officer of the law, even
though the assailant may not know that the
officer is a sheriff? Is it essential to the qual-
ity of the offense that the assailant should know
that he is assaulting an officer?
Mr. KERR. I say that it is, if the pros-
ecution is for assaulting him as an officer; but
it is not material for me to answer my learned
friend upon such a point. An assault upon a
sheriff could not be held to be an assault upon
the dignity or the privileges of the court whose
officer he was, unless the testimony further
showed that the assault upon the person of the
sheriff was committed in the presence, either
actual or constructive, of the court. If the
prosecution were against the citizen for assault-
ing a man as a man, and not as an officer at
all, then it would not be material whether the
assailant knew he was attacking a man who
was also an officer or not. The offense would
be general, and must be judged by the general
principles of criminal law.
Mr. WOODWARD. Do I understand the
gentleman to contend that it is essential to the
offense that the assailant shall know the pre-
cise legal character of the individual assaulted ?
For instance, in an assault and battery upon a
member of Congress, is it necessary that the
assailant should know that the person whom
he assaults is a member of Congress?
Mr. KERR. I say that so far as regards
the punishment of the crime against the indi-
vidual, under the laws of the State where it is
committed, it is not; but in a prosecution for
contempt, for the secondary offense resulting
against another power, it is necessary to show
that fact, because without it the intent fails;
without it the offense is not complete.
Mr. WOODWARD. Then, as regards the
parliamentary offense the gentleman holds that
the intent is not perfect without a knowledge
on the part of the offender of the official char-
acter of the individual assaulted ?
Mr. KERR. I so say.
Mr. WOODWARD. Let me put this case
to the gentleman : suppose a member of Con-
gress, coming down Pennsylvania avenue, half
a mile, if you please, from the Capitol, is as-
saulted, though it may not appear that the
assailant knows that the person whom he
attacks is a member of Congress ; is not that
a broach of the privileges of the House?
Mr. KERR. Without more appearing, I
answer no; clearly it is not. No criminal
intent is shown ; it is not even shown that he
was returning to the session of the House.
Mr. WOODWARD. Suppose the act be
done within the precincts of the Capitol?
Mr. KERR. Then it falls under a different
rule. In that case the offense is committed
within the very place—the locus—protected
against such acts. But even then it is by no
means an assault that is punishable by the
House as a contempt.
.Mr-WOODWARD. How, then, doesthegen-
tleman construe that rule of parliamentary law
which protects a member while going from and
returning to the House—eundo et redeundo ?
Mr. KERR. 1 understand the rule to be
this: that they shall in all cases, except trea-
son, felony, and breach of the peace, be priv-
ileged from arrest, during their attendance at
the sessions of their respective Houses, and
in going to and returning from the same; but
that protection or exemption or privilege is
against arrest, which means by legal process,
not by personal assault, and must be strictly
construed and cannot be extended by construc-
tion. It must be limited to the actual and
literal going to and returning from the sessions
of Congress.
Mr. WOODWARD. How far?
Mr. KERR. Let me illustrate. Now, I
say, if I should leave this House in the next
half hour to go to my room, and went to my
room, and after I had done that should go out
and saunter in the streets of Washington, I
say that I would be under no protection of
Congress or of privilege at all; and if to-mor-
row morning, when the House is to reassem-
ble, I should desire to return to attend its ses-
sion and should start from my room, but did
not come directly here, but went to the Treas-
ury Department, or went to make some per-
sonal call, or dropped into a place of amuse-
ment, or went to see a prize fight, or a dog
fight 
A Member. Or went into a beer saloon.
Mr. KERR. Or went into a beer saloon,
or even into a disreputable place, I say that
the protection of the House, or the privilege,
does not follow me. The protection is to be
literally construed. It is that the member
may be able to go from the daily sessions of
the House to the place of his "abode, and to
return from there to attend the daily sessions
of the House. It was never intended to make
the person of the member sacred, or to change
his relations to society,-or to relieve him from
the results of his own conduct, or to give him
impunity of any kind.
Mr. WOODWARD. I understand the gen-
tleman to say it is conceded that it does attend
the member going to and returning from the
daily sessions of the House.
Mr. KERR. I say it does attend him; bat
the violation of it so as to make it contempt
of the House requires an intention so to violate
the law. If, for example, an insane man
should now break into this House and fire at
the Speaker, or attack the gentleman from
Pennsylvania with a deadly weapon, I say he
would commit no crime against this House.
There must be criminal intent in order to con-
stitute the offense.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to get from the
gentleman from Indiana if possible a definition
of the extent of this privilege. How far does
it go with a member? Does it go to the other
end of the avenue? Does it go to Virginia?
How far does it go? Where does it stop ?
Mr. KERR. If the gentleman will wait' a
moment I will answer him. I say that it is in
its nature an indefinable privilege. It has no
limits except the boundaries of our country.
I say, therefore, that if a member of the House
starts from the Pacific coast to come to attend
the sessions of the House, while he is in good
faith coming to the House, the privilege attends
and protects him, and no man under those cir-
cumstances could set upon him to beat him, to
disable him, to break a limb, or to kill him, in
order to prevent his return to this House, with-
out violation of his privilege. But I say that
if he is set upon by a stranger, who has no
knowledge of his coming and no desire to
detain him because he is a member of tjie
House, and he is beaten or disabled or injured
in any way, an offense is then committed only
against the local jurisdiction in which the
offense is committed.
And I mean to say further, Mr. Speaker, that
when the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Woodward,] on the 16th of this
month, or on the loth, shall leave his seat to go
to his home in Pennsylvania, the privilege will
protect him all the way on hisjourncy home,
provided always he proceeded on that journey
home with the intention and for the purpose of
going home, and no man can attack him on the
way for the purpose of preventing him going
home, and if any man does he will be guilty of
a violation of this privilege; but if the distin-
guished gentleman should stop in Philadelphia
one day or a week, and pursue his business or
