1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2433
be brought in the charge upon it will be $2;
but if the producer of the sugar abroad refines
it before sending it to this country he takes off
27 per cent, of the weight in the process of
refining, bringing down the 100 pounds to 73
pounds. Seventy-three pounds at 2} cents a
pound, the duty which the gentleman proposes,
would give us §1 82}. Hence the effect is that
we say to the foreigner, '' If you bring in 100
pounds of raw sugar we will charge you $2
upon it; but if you refine it by foreign labor
and bring in the product—that is to say, 78
pounds out of 100—we will let it in for $1 82}.
In other words, we will give you the advantage
of a bonus of 17} cents on every 100 pounds
of sugar to induce you to have the work done
abroad instead of in America, and in addition
to that wo will give you the benefit of the dif-
ference between tho freight on 73 pounds of
refined sugar and 100 pounds of coarse sugar.
In addition to this you may keep all the molas-
ses which you get from the raw sugar," Thus
it will be seen that the effect of the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Iowa is to allow
the foreign producer of the sugar all the molas-
ses extracted from the raw sugar; to allow
him also the advantage of the reduced freight
to the extent of 27 pounds in the 100; and also
a bonus of 17} cents on every 100 pounds for
doing the work abroad instead of permitting
it to be done in the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon tho in-
formal amendment is exhausted, and it is
withdrawn.
Mr. ALLISON. I renew the amendment,
to insert 2} cents instead of 3. In making this
proposition I wish to call attention briefly to
the facts with relation to the importations of
sugar as showing the protection given to the
refiners of sugar. I assert without fear of
contradiction thai of the 500.000 tons of sugar
imported into the United States last year,
•150,000 tons passed through the hands of the
refiners ; so that only 50,000 tons, or one tenth
of the whole, went directly into the hands of
the consumers in this country. What does
that one tenth comprise? It comprises the
raw sugars that go into consumption without
any process whatever. I get my information
from an expert who is fair to the refiners and
fair to the importers.
A Member. Who is the expert?
Mr. ALLISON. 1 will state my^authority.
My informant is II. E. Moring, of New York ;
very good authority, I think, on this question.
A Member. In whose interest does he come
hero ?
Mr. ALLISON. He comes here in the in-
terest of '.he refiners, and supports the proposi-
tion made by the committee. Me advised me
that we ought to give at least 2} cents. He
states that only one tenth of all the sugar
coming in goes into consumption without pass-
ing through the hands of refiners. Now, 125
pounds of raw sugarimported make 100 pounds
of refined.sugar. The 125 pounds of raw sugar
come in now at 2 cents a pound, and tho 100
pounds of refined sugar at 2} eents a pound.
Whatis the duty proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means on refined sugar? It is -1
cents per pound; so that upon refined sugar the
refiner gets a protection of 1} cent per pound.
These clarified sugars are only about one tenth
of the importation, assuming that no raw sugars
cf foreign importation enter into consumption.
Now, all the safeguard the consumer has against
the absolute monopoly and control of the refiner
is the fact that a portion of these sugars can go
into consumption without passing through the
refiner's hands. If you give the refiner 1 cent
per pound upon this additional one tenth the
practical effect is that all these sugars pass into
the hands of the refiner instead of going into
consumption withoutpassing through his hands.
The lefiner will thus have absolute control of
all the sugars where he now has control of
only nine tenths of them.
But 1 am not here speaking for the purpose
41st Gong. 2d Su.^. --No. 153.
of destroying this interest of refining sugar.
It is a great interest, and ought to be cared for
in this country. But while I say that, I do not
wish to place tho sugar crop and sugar con-
sumption into the hands of these men. I hold
iu my hand a letter showing another feature in
reference to this sugar, which shows that these
clarified sugars now come in at 3} cents per
pound. They belong to that class known
under the present classification as between No.
12 and No. 15 Dutch standard. Now, the pres-
ent law makes a difference of half a cent per
pound on these sugars, and that is what the
refiners have complained of for four years in
our committee. Hence they have procured a
proposition iu this bill, for the first time in
legislation, discriminating against a particular
process, to wit, this centrifugal process. They
legislate against that centrifugal machine to
the extent of half a cent per jiound over and
above the present law. That is what I com-
plain of. When the refiners have tho practical
control of all sugar in the country, or at least
nine tenths of it, they ought not to ask the
great consuming interest to surrender to them
an additional protection of half a cent per pound
on the other tenth. They ought to be content
with the half a cent per pound 1 propose to give
them, which is practically the present law in
respect to the protection given to refiners of
sugar. Now, upon this small portion of one
tenth of the sugar crop which comes into com-
petition, indirectly and not directly, with them
to give them an additional cent per pound is
too much, and I oppose it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman. I vise to oppose
tho amendment of the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Allison.] Yesterday when this subject
of sugar was under discussion I avoided parti-
cipating in the controversy between the gentle-
man from Iowa and the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Sciienck,] not because I did not have
my opinions well determined, but because I
thought I would hear all that could be said on
both sides of the question as presented by those
two gentlemen. I represent not only the largest
importing interest of sugar in tho country, but
the largest refining interest in the country in
part. Now York not only imports 05 per cent,
of the sugar imported into tho United States,
but refines 75 per cent, of all tho sugar refined
in the United States. Consequently there are
no local influence affecting my opinion on this
question; therefore I will give you what I
think of this bill on the subject of sugar. It
proposes to impose three distinct duties on
sugar; 2 cents per pound on the raw article, 3
cent3 on the clarified article,and4 centson the
finer quality of refined sugar. In my judgment
all these different rates are in the interest of
one class, and that is the refiners. Two_ cents
per pounji is in their interest, becausebyittbey
receive raw sugar and manufacture stand make
the finer article. It is their interest to have the
rate of duty fixed on the raw article they use in
their manufacture at its low rate as possible.
Hence some influence—I do not say it is theirs—
proposes to reduce the duty from 3 cents to 2
cents per pound, which is not in the interest
of the consumer but, i n theinterest of the refiner.
Then they raise the duty to 3 cents per pound
on the next article. That is also in tho inter-
est of the refiner, because that to some extent
may come into competition with their own
manufacture. But when we come to that arti-
cle which is in general use, pretty much the only
sugar used by the consumer—for the raw article
is not used generally by even the poorest people
in the United States, the raw article having to
go through some chemical process before it
is fit for consumption—when we come to that
which is used for consumption, they impose a
duty of 4 cents still farther protection. Hence,
I repeat, these three rates of duty protect the
refiners of the country; a class oi men who
have made 200 per cent, on the capital invested
in my district in the city of New York.
Therefore, for this reason, I am opposed to
the classification as arranged by the commit-
tee, and am in favor of the proposition of the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allisost] to have
one duty applicable to all the different classes
of imported sugars.
The CHAIRMAN. Tho debate on this
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. ^ I move to
amend the bill by adding ''one half" after the
word "three," in line twenty; so that the par-
graph will read, "on clarified sugars, 3} cents
per pound."
Mr. Chairman, when the gentleman from
Iowa withdrew his amendment I thought he
did so with no intention of renewing it. Bat
it seems that he has renewed his amendment
and now presses it upon the committee, and I
presume he will endeavor to press it to a vote.
Whatever force there may be in what that
gentleman and other gentlemen may say in
relation to the benefits to be derived by the
refiners might have been obviated by adopt-
ing the amendment which I introduced yester-
day and which would have created a less dif-
ference between raw sugar and clarified sugar.
To reduce tho tariff upon the clarified sugar
would be the unkindest cut of all to the pro-
ducer in this country. Sugar-making in the
State of Louisiana does not stop in any case
with the raw material, but goes on to some
clarified process, as I understand, in every
instance; and in many cases the process goes .
so far as to refine it. Therefore, as I have
said, you would give the producer of this coun-
try tiie unkindcstcut by reducing the rate upon
clarified sugar; for that is almost wholly a
production of this country. The gentleman
from Ohio, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, said yesterday, and said
truly, that the tariff proposed by'the commit-
tee was higher than that which existed prior
to the war. I concede that to bo true. But
gentlemen mustnnderstand that circumstances
have changed. Not only has this interest been
prostrated by the war, but it must also be re-
membered that sugar before the war was pro-
duced entirely by unpaid labor, while now it
must be produced by paid laborers, and cer
tainly the production of it costs more. And
whether the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] in offering his amendment yesterday
did it in seriousness or for buncombe makes
no difference; there is very much force in it.
When the Government of the United State-?
shall take such steps as will enable Cuba and
other islands where slavery exists to abolish
slavery and have sugar produced by free labor,
thea there will be some* reason for contending
that the tariff should be reduced ; because then
sugar will be produced everywhere by paid
laborers, and not as now in great part by
unpaid laborers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
ilr. MARSHALL. I rise to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Louisiana.
I have given this subject, Mr. Chairman, all
the consideration I possibly can, and while 3
am satisfied that the Committee of Ways and
Means are intending to do what is best tor the
country and for the interest of all classes, I
yet am unable to agree with them that the
classification fixed upon by the committee is
the correct one. Under the existing law there
is but halfa cent difference between the clarified
Sugars and the sugars in what is now tho first
class. Under that difference the refining interest
has grown up in this country to bean immense
interest. They have prospered underifc. Nearly
all the sugars imported into this country pass
through their hands. Only about one tenth of
what is imported, the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] has stated, and I believe cor-
rectly, passes through their hands. _ As 1 have
said, they have prospered under the existing
classification. And why should we make the
discrimination half a cant more m oruer to
reach that small portion of toe imported sugars
that does not now pass through their hands ! A
large portion of the people of this country want
