1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4321 -
order. I submit that that is not germane to
the resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to say, in
offering that amendment, that if it should be
•adopted I should decline serving on the com-
mittee to be appointed.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentlemen from Illinois is entirely germane to
the resolution. Any one of the propositions
■would dispose of the question before the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask to be allowed
to modify my amendment by striking out the
last clause, which leaves this gentleman in the
custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms while the
investigation is proceeding.
Mr. COX. I will withdraw the original res-
olution if the gentleman from Illinois wijl sub-
stitute his -with the last paragraph struck out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. With the consent
of the House I will strike out that part.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was so modified.
Tlie SPEAKER. This still leaves pending
the amendment of the gentleman from Cali-
fornia. Does the gentleman from New York
withdraw his resolution ?
Mr. COX. I prefer it to the amendment. I
have been on a number of committees of
inquiry, and have no great liking for them; but
I prefer the amendment to the substitute of the
gentleman from California. Can we have a
vote on it as an amendment to the substitute?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. COX. Then I shall vote for it.
Mr. SARGENT rose.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, some time
ago I rose to a question of order. I wish to
know whether it is in order to move to recon-
sider the vote by which the House ordered
the question to be propounded to this corre-
spondent?
Mr. SARGENT. Not while I am on the
floor, entitled to speak to my amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, it appears
to me that the preliminary question for the
House to decide is whether there is anything
further to investigate, and if so what it is. If
it is proposed, by sending this subject to an
investigating committee, to ascertain whether
the gentleman from Nevada hasbeen corrupt or
not, I hold that that is unworthy of tlm dignity
of the House, and an improper disposition of
the subject. The gentleman from Illinois says
that is not the object. Verywell; what does his
resolution propose, then ? The identity of this
person is admitted, and his publications arc
libelous.
Mr. CULLOM. Iriseto a question of order.
Is it in order to debate this matter the whole
afternoon ?
The SPEAKER. _It is, unless it shall be
put under the operation of the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SARGENT. I trust tlie gentleman will
not be so uneasy. The fact was_ brought to the
attention of this House, that in the Evening
Post of a, few days since a member ol this
House was charged by strong implication with
having accepted bribes, and having thereby
been influenced in his course with regard to
Cuba. That was a startling accusation. The
gentleman charged rose in his place and said
there was no truth in it, that he had never
been approached by any person whatever: that
he did not even know the person that was
alleged to havij approached him; that he had
never accepted any bribes or had any offered
to him. And he called upon the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] who is
chairman of the committee having charge ot
thegeneral subject, to say whether there was any
evidence before tie committee affecting him.
The answer was direct and prompt, that there
was no evidence of such a character implicating
him in any degree. There it would seem the
matter should rest, unless probable evidence
41st Cong-, 2d Sess.—No. 2T1.
was produced, or unless malice prompted the
assault. The nest day tfye Evening Post came
with a statement like this: that General But-
ler said that he did not mean that there
was no evidence dishonoring the gentleman
frqro Nevada; that that was not his meaning,
and he could not truthfully have said it; that
there was indeed no direct evidence against
the gentleman from Nevada, but that there
was indirect testimony showing him corrupt.
Now, that that dispatch sent to the Evening
Post was false, or falsely colored, and a further
slander against the gentleman from Nevada,
is shown by the very document filed by this
witness as a response to the question on which
he is now at the bar of the House. " The
correspondent falsified both the gentleman
from Nevada and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. He says in this, document that
General Butler informed him that he did not
consider anything before the committee as
directly implicating Mr, Fitch, as it did not
appear that lie had in any way responded to
the approaches alluded to by Mr. Taylor. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butlicii]
seems to have taken pains to say that Mr. Fitch
was not represented by Taylor, or any one else,
to have been in the remotest degree guilty of
being influenced by or of entertaining any ap-
proaches from any source. But this veracious
correspondent conceals that, and makes it ap-
pear that the gentleman from Massachusetts
said to him that by evidence before his com-
mittee Mr. Fitcii is dishonored. If this man
at the bar was not influenced by malice and
slanderous intent against the gentleman from
Nevada'why did he not make it appear in that
dispatch that General Butleii said there was
no evidence that Mr. Fitch had listened for a
moment to a dishonorable proposal? Here is
the suppressio vcri, which is sugyestio Jalsi.
Everything like exculpation is silted out, that
it may be inferred from the statement of some
anonymous scoundrel to the effect that lie had
approached a member of Congress; that such
approaches had been successful. No matter
how precious the reputation of a member, it
is thus made the sport of a newpaper collector
of sensations. A case must be made out, and
is made out by concealing tfeat part of a con-
versation that would make the whole harm-
less.
'This is not decent toward the injured mem-
ber, to the House, or^to honorable journalism.
What is the private spite of this man against
Mr. Fitcii? Why pursue him with a malignity
that gives no weight to his word and none to
evidence in his exculpation, and conceals all
in his favor until it is wrung out by the inquiry
of this House? It is not a fair process of
reasoning, that because a man may be found
to swear that he approached a member, and
yet neither he nor any one else says that such
approach had any effect, that a bribe was
accepted ; and the malignity of this dispatch
is in making that deduction and endeavoring
to give it consistency by suppressing part of
the testimony. Why, is a man to be held
responsible for the birds that fly over his head ?
Can any one of us prevent any of the numerous
lobbyists, correspondents, or otherwise, from
meeting him on Pennsylvania avenue, in the
cars, or elsewhere, and asking, u Y  hat is the
prospect for Cuba in the House? Don't you
think we should recognize its belligerency?"
&c. Suppose the man is a scoundrel, and
goes away and makes a secret affidavit that he
has approached us; how canwe help it, and
what is there dishonorable in it to us?
So stood the fact in this case, as it appears,
if there is any such affidavit; and the gentle-
man from Massachusetts told tins man that
there was nothing whatever showing that Mr.
Fitcii had listened to any approaches. Should
not this man, then, in his next dispatch have
said that? Instead of that, he makes General
Bi.'tliiii his witness to prove the very opposite;
and here are slander and malice for which he
should be expelled from, the privileges of the
galleries.
But further than that, it is stated in the
response of the witness that he has this inform
ation from "official documents." From what
official documents? There is no official doc-
ument jn the case. An official document is
something published by authority; at any rale,
something existing by authority of the Govern:
ment, and recognizee! by it. But it seems that
this was simply an affidavit made before a
secret tribunal, without any opportunity for
cross-examination, made by the very person
who himself swears, if any such document
exists, that he has been guilty of an attempt to
bribe members of Congress.
This self-asserted felon is the man who is
brought forward and presented in a paper pre-
tending to respectability, and by a correspond-
ent who is dignified with the privilego of sitting
in your gallery, as a witness to blast the char-
acter of a gentleman in this House whose name
stands as fair as that of any gentleman here.
That part of the response of this party is eva-
sive in that there is no official document to
which he appeals; and he dignifies the paper
to which he alludes by a false title. If the
paper was used as evidence before a grand jury
it was secret, and somebody has violated ati
official oath in giving it publicity. There is
dishonor on every hand, deep dishonor, which
has been waded recklessly "through to get at
the reputation of an honored member of this
body.
There are but two questions to be decided
by the House. First, is the matter published
in the Post false and slanderous? The House
decides that by entertaining this as a question
of privilege. Second, is the man at tlys bar
the author of the slanders? That was the only
question raised when the resolution was offered
in the House. If the identity of the author
was established, the penalty was not deemed
excessive or the proceeding improper. The
person ut the bar admits his identity, admits
the authorship of the dispatches, but seeks a
diversion by leading us to suppose that the
geutloman from Massachusetts told him the
things stated in his dispatch. I do not care who
told him. If he succeeds in proving that one
member of this House has foully wronged and
slandered another—has instigated false and
malicious charges against another—that does
not shield him from being the vehicle by which
such slanders reached the public, and he none
the less deserves expulsion at our hands. But,
as I have shown, his statement to-day shows
that General Butler explicitly stated to him
that there was nothing to implicate Mr. Fitch
as listening to improper proposals, and his sup-
pression of that statement made the slander of
which the gentleman from Nevada complains.
It is a derogation of the dignity of this House
and a degradation of the character of its mem-
bers to allow assaults like this to pass unnoticed.
An innocent mistake, severe criticism, even
party spleen and misrepresentation may go un-
rebuked and unnoticed. But there is no priv-
ilege of a reporter, in any court or audience in
Christendom, which will shield the slanderer
who assails the honor of agentleman, and brings
malicious ingenuity to aid in making a ease out
of false and mutilated testimony and conver-
sations. Such prostitution of the public press
is dishonorable to those engaged in it, and it
would be dishonorable in us to tolerate it here
and honor it with special conveniences for its
exercise.
I yield to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bixguam] for a few moments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to read him a part of this statement?
Mr. SARGENT. I have read it carefully.
Mr. DAWES. I move the previous ques-
tion on the whole matter.
Mr. SARGENT. I am still on the floor,
and propose to yield to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.j
