1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3377
The Clerk read as follows:
(\>st of one tna of nteel delivered on wharf in Ifeio
York, based on average price of cut ton •nrtnp,
tficede*. and cart tpring tteei, tire, toe-calk, tlexgn-
thoe, plow, eultivator, atid blister steel.
Average price of 1 ton above kinds in Eng-
''ip(i     5rf«
Carriaseto Liverpool..   1  . M.
Shipping charges in Liverpool.. J«. *>«■
£15 IS*, lid.
Cash discount of 2} per evaU
allowed on arrival of steel in
Xew York   —
It. lid.
At 91 per cent, exchange..- £15 11«. <W,=#75 68
Freight average rate 25 shillings per ton,and '
primage of 5 per cent., £16*. 3rf. at 91 per
cent, exchange  6 89
Insurance on £1518«. llrf. vnjued at 85 50 gold
to the pound storting is $86. Rate of insur-
ance average 1} per cent,  97
Duty on 1 ton or ©40 pounds at 2i cents per
pound...    50 iO
Custom-house expenses on entry, fees, and
stamps, $5 75 currenoy, reduced to gold at
120 per cent, premium is $4 79, on average
amount of shipments at one time, say 15
tons, is    32
Cost in England.
133 76
71 96
61 80
Advance over cost in England per ton, gold..
or 86 per cent, protection.
Add proposed increase, 1 cent per pound  22 40
Advance over the cost in England - $84 20
equal to 117 per cent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. B ORCHARD. What is the amend-
ment moved by the gentleman from New
York?
The CHAIRMAN. It is to add a proviso
that the doty shall not exceed 45 per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. BURCHARD. I wish to move to strike
out this paragraph. The statement made in
the paper jast read at the Clerk's desk would
give an average price of 7 cents per pound on
this class of steel 
Mr. KELLEY. I wish die gentleman not to
forget that that paper was not abont steel
springs.
Mr. BURCHARD. I know that. I heard
it wad, and know that it embraces other
articles. My recollection is that the price
given by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means is the currency price of steel !
springs. The manufacturers' price of com-
mon steel springs has been from 13 to 14 cents I
during the last two years, when gold has been
at a premium of from 30 to 40 per cent. I am
told by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Twichell,} who is well acquainted with the sub-
ject of locomotive springs, that they have been
bought at 13 cents carrency some two years
ago. I think 7 cents is a fair average of the
import price for this class of steel springs.
There is higher priced quality, a class of which
very little is imported. It is that made from
the highest refined steel, and very little, if any,
of this is-imported in the form of springs under
the present duty. I do not know that any are
imported. Now, this carries up the rate from
abont 3 or 3J or 8 J cents to 6 cents, which is
altogether too high. It seems to me that under
the present tariff of 45 per cent, ad valorem.
there would be a duty on each class of springs
proportioned to its value, and no difficulty
would arise in collecting the revenue. I hear
of no frauds charged, aad there is no difficulty
in distinguishing this higher grade from the
lower grade of steel. If in order, I desire to
move to strike out " 6 " 
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order now.
Mr. COX. I will withdraw my notion to
allow the gentleman to make his, because it
MBoaats substantially to the same thing.
There was no objection; and Mr. Cox's
notion was withdrawn.
Mr. BURCHARD. The currency price of
locomotive steel spriDgs during the last few
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 212.
years has been 13 cents. Reduce this to the
corresponding gold value; then take off the
duty of 45 per cent, ad valorem, and it would
bring the import price to somewhere about 7
cents per pound, on which the present duty
of 45 per cent, ad valorem would be a little less
than 8J cents per pound. The motion of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] having
been withdrawn, I will move to strike out'' C "
and insert "8J."
Mr. COX. I did not propose to withdraw
my motion for that purpose. I withdrew mine
to allow the gentleman to move to strike out
the paragraph.
Mr. BURCHARD. Then I move to strike
out the paragraph.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Illi-
nois says he has heard of no frauds committed
in these importations of steel. That is very
possible. If he had had the same opportuni-
ties some of the rest of us had of having in-
formation brought to him with regard to these
matters, he would have learned that this was
a very prolific source of fraud and evasion.
Mr. BURCHARD. I meant that I had not
heard of frauds from the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. SCHENCK. These frauds supplied the
reason for converting this from an ad valorem
to a specific duty, which the gentleman from
Illinois also prefers. So far we are agreed.
But the committee place the duty at 6 cents,
while the gentleman from Illinois would make
it 3 or 3£ cents.
Now, let me turn to the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] who has given us from
this document which 1 hold in my hand a very
learned account of thiB matter, based on the
figures furnished to him of the cost of a ton of
the article, brought to the port of shipment,
landed at New York, calculated in gold, with
the charges added; and he says it only amounts
to within some 4 cents of $72 per ton in gold.
But unfortunately for the gentleman his docu-
ment relates only to steel, not to these articles,
but to the thing out of which these articles are
made. And I am perhaps giving him no very
valuable information when I tell him that there
is as much difference between a bar of steel
and a steel locomotive spring as there is be-
tween a roll of leather and a pair of shoes.
You might as well rate shoes, saddles, har-
ness, and whatever else is made out of leather,
the same as the leather itself, as abide by the
rule which the gentleman would lay down for us.
Well, take the price at $72, or rather at $76,
on which basis I have had a calculation made,
and I find the duty, at 45 per cent, ad valorem.,
would be about 13 cents per pound. It seems
to me, therefore, that the committee, if they
have erred at all, have perhaps erred in bring1-
ing these steel springs too low, when they put
them down at 6 cents per pound—even taking
the gentleman's own calculation and the in-
formation on which he bases it.
Mr.^COX. Will the gentleman, then, accept
my amendment and put the duty at 45 per
cent, ad valorem ?
Mr. SCHENCK. No; for I well-understand
what all such motions are intended for. You
put a duty on an article auiountiag to 25,30,
or 40 per cent., as the case may be, and these
gentlemen, in order to make a telling story to
the contrary, move an amendment that the
duty shall not exceed 75, 85, or 100, or some
other per cent;, their object being that they
may go to the country and say, " Look at
these protectionists; they vote down the limit-
ations which we think it our duty to propose."
That is the game which the other gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] who is amem-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means, has
been playing at all along. But it is bo bald
an experiment on the credulity of the people
that it can be easily understood. If I were to
act in the same way as these gentlemen, I
might move an amendment that the duty should
not exceed 1,000 per cent. That would be
voted down, and then I eoald go out to the
country, and say, "These protectionists will
not agree with me that the duty on the article
shall be kept below 1,000 per cent." They
mean no such thing. They mean to calculate,
as reasonable men, for themselves what will be
a fair duty upon an article, and then that duty,
whether it be an ad valorem or a specific duty,
can take effect. What I mean to say is, that
all the calculations and information furnished
by the gentlemen themselves who oppose this
provision show that 45 per cent, ad valorem
amounts to more than the committee have put
on these springs.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. 1 desire to
offer an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. There are two amend-
ments already pending. The question is now
on the amendment to the amendment moved
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. BURCHARD. I understand that to
be withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman did not
withdraw it. He made a proposition to with-
draw it if the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Bukchard] would make a certain other prop-
osition, which he did not make.
Mr. COX. I did withdraw it on the condi-
tion that the gentleman should renew it sub-
stantially, by moving to strike out the paragraph,
which would leave the duty at 45 per cent., as
I take it, on the statement of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] who differs
from the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means on this subject.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not so
understand.
Mr. BURCHARD. And I have moved to
strike out the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] to
say that he was not satisfied with the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bur-
chard,] and therefore would not withdraw his
amendment.
Mr. COX. That was when he proposed 3J
cents a pound. He then moved to strike out
the paragraph, and I accepted that.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the question is on
the amendment of the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Asper,] to reduce the duty to 3 cents per
pound.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
nake it 3£ cents. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] informs us that the duty pro-
vided for in the paragraph as it stands is the
same as in the existing law, 45 per cent, ad
valorem, and that he only proposes to change
as ad valorem to a specific duty. Now, either
he is sadly misinformed in his calculations or I
am. I am informed on good authority that this
duty of 6 cents a pound is an increase of 100
per cent, ad valorem, and I am fortified by the
statement made by the gentleman on the other
side [Mr. Burchard] of theprice of springs and
the additional duty, which is nearly, according
to the price, a double duty. But apart from
all that consideration, I put it to the House if
6 cents per pound on wagon springs of all sorts,
and springs that enter into the consumption
especially of the farmers of the country, is a
protection, if it is not a bounty, if it does not
enable the steel-spring manufacturers of this
country to fix their own prices and their own
rates independent of all competition from else-
where, and if it is not intended to be a bounty?
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck]
objects to the limitation proposed by my col-
league [Mr. Cox] of 45 per cent, ad valorem,
and says it is a trick and a game. Now, if
that species of argument is logical, I tell the
gentleman from Ohio that this whole change
from ad valorem to specific is another trick
and another game to throw dust into the eyes
of the people. If his statement is correct and
he is not misinformed in his calculations, why
not stand upon the limitation of 46 per cent.
ad valorem&nd be content with tkat limitation ?
Why oppose these propositions day after day,
