1870.
THE CONGKESSIOtfAL GLOBE.
1489
that it is our duty to keep up this sort of thing
no longer, and that these appropriations for
this purpose are a wasteful expenditure of the
public money. It is a mere useless concern.
It does not rise to the magnitude of a common
school. It seems to be work in vain. The man
having it in charge seems to know nothing
about it, for when we sought information for the
committee we could not get it. In my opinion,
to continue the existence of this concern is to
pension upon the Government a few men, and
to pension them rather for party purposes than
for any good they can do the country.
Now, sir, a word about this $15,000 appro-
priation. How did it come here? The com-
mittee thought that if $15,000 would put it on
anything like a good footing it should be done,
if the thing was to be continued. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. McNeely] and myself
agreed that if the thing was to be continued
a larger appropriation than heretofore was
necessary; but, sir, we did not design by so
doing to give our sanction or countenance to
any appropriation for it. I believe that if the
Government feel convinced it is best to launch
out in these wild speculating schemes of edu-
cation, to consolidate and concentrate all the
powers of the Government in the Congress of
the United States, then we had better make an
appropriation of $1,000,000, for $15,000 will
not be sufficient for any such purpose.
The question recurred on Mr. Ivelsey's
amendment to the amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 40, noes 42; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Kelsey and Mr.
Arkell.
The committee again divided; and there
were—ayes 64, noes 46.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to strike out the
last word.
Mr. Chairman, when this proposition was
considered in the Committee on Appropria-
tions there was considerable diversity of opin-
ion among the members of that committee, and
it was understood that when the question came
before the Committee of the Whole, each mem-
ber of that committee, although consenting
that the report as printed should be made,
should exercise his discretion whether to vote
for or against an appropriation for the contin-
uance of the Bureau of Education. There-
fore the views which I shall express and the
position I take in this matter will not be con-
sidered as in opposition to the committee.
It may be that the amount named in the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Akxell] is too large, and that
there are some items which may be trimmed
off. But I trust the Committee of the Whole
will not believe that we can dispense with a
Bureau of Education, and a reasonable appro-
priation to carry it on. I speak in the interest
of general intelligence, from which springs
public virtue, and which is the only safeguard
of republican institutions.
I am not one of those wh  believe that the
General Government has no beneficial and
paternal purposes to subserve toward the
people. I think it is the duty of Congress to
provide increased facilities for improving agri-
culture, for improving our rivers, for erecting
light-houses, for surveying our coasts, for
diffusing education, and for advancing the in-
terests of every kindred department. By the
policy of the people, adopted now into the
Constitution by the requisite number of States,
the right of suffrage is extended to every
American citizen, be he white or black. Now,
sir, if the States have not the means, if they
have not the disposition to extend the facilities
of education among a class of people who have
now become American citizens, and exercise
the right of suffrage, so that they may perform
that great duty intelligently, so that they may
build up a stable government, depending upon
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 94.
intelligence and not endangered by ignorance ;
I say if the States neglect, either from want of
means or from lack of disposition, to attend to
this duty, then the highest considerations of
self-preservation should induce the Congress
of the United States to see that the duty is
performed under its own officers and under its
own auspices.
The cost of the aid that the Government
may render in this direction is not to be com-
pared with its benefits. Ignorance is the fruit-
ful source of crime. I venture to say that the
great rebellion would have beetflmpossible if
the whites of the South had been generally
educated. Their passions could not have been
inflamed; their prejudices would not have ex-
isted if they had been more intelligent. There
were educated men in the South who controlled
public opinion, but the mass of the people were
painfully ignorant. As a partial excuse for the
selection of a cadet by a southern member out-
side of his district it has been stated here that
it was impossible to find a boy whose parents
were not disloyal who could pass the requisite
examination. Whether or not this is true to
the extent stated, it must be admitted that the
whites, especially those who are poor, as well
as the blacks in largo parts of the South are
greatly in need of increased educational facili-
ties, and it is the part of wise statesmanship to
afford them, even at far greater cost than is
here proposed. But I do not think that there
is a necessity for large expenditures in this
direction, that we are required to send school-
masters into every village where ignorance may
be found, whether in the North or South. But,
sir, in some parts of the country where per-
haps our intervention is most needed, there is
not the familiarity with the system of public
schools which there is in Massachusetts, in New
York, or in my own State. Common schools
have had no existence in some of the States,
and their organization and modes of operation
are unknown. They want information as to the
manner in which schools are organized, and in
which school committees should be selected
and their duties, and the way in which schools
should be conducted. We can furnish this
information at slight cost by drawing it, not
only from the examples afforded by the more
favored communities of our own country, but
from those countries in Europe where the sys-
tems of education have attained the highest
excellence. We do not want a system based
upon sectarianism or any ism whatever, civil or
religious. We merely desire to give informa-
tion which will enable those in need to prac-
tically instruct their people and make them fit
for the exercise of their high privileges. I say,
I believe this is the duty of the General Gov-
ernment as much as it is to send to our farm-
ers at considerable cost—and no one opposes
that—information as to the best modes of cul-
ture of various plants and crops; and also to
supply, as is done, the various parts of the
country with.trees, shrubs, seeds, &c., so as to
advance the interests of agriculture. We give
the farmers information in printed reports, and
we follow it up by sending out the seeds and J
plants also to go into the different parts of the
country. In this way we enlighten our agri-
culturiats and promote the material prosperity
of the people. What is that but a system of
education ?
And, I ask, is it not more important—because
of the important consequences that are in-
volved—to facilitate the general education of
the people, giving them the information for
that purpose which can best be provided by
the central authority. I am not afraid that, in
promoting these beneficial objects at least, the
Government will become too strong; that for
these useful purposes it will become too cen-
tralized. It will rise to the highest dignity in
exercising these powers and giving these illus-
trations of beneficence.
The appropriation proposed, even by this
amendment, is of a very modest amount. It
cannot be looked upon as any great draft on
the Treasury, and no one ought to object to it,
considering the amount of good it may accom-
plish. And even if the House should see fit
to cut off here and there an item of what is
proposed in the amendment, I trust the main
object of the law enacted when the Bureau of
Education was called into existence may be
preserved, and that this useful institution may
be continued in existence. I am more anx-
ious that this should be done because it is so
strongly insisted upon by gentlemen on this
floor representing the reconstructed States,
and who assure us in debate and otherwise that
from this bureau they derive valuable aid in the
needed education of their people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. The gentleman from California,
[Mr. Sargent,] my colleague on the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, has properly stated that
when this proviso was included in the bill each
member of the committee was left free to take
whatever course he pleased. I agree with the
view taken by the committee, and therefore
oppose the amendment now proposed. The
Committee of the Whole ought to understand
precisely what this amendment means. It is
not a proposition to educate men all over the
country, as indicated by gentlemen on the
other side. When this Department was organ-
ized by the act of March 2, 1867, a Depart-
ment of Education was established—
" For the purpose of collecting such statistics and
facts as shall show tho condition and progress of
education in the several States and Territories, and
of diffusing such information respecting the organi-
zation and management of schools and school sys-
tems and methods of teaching as shall aid the people
of the United States in the establishment and main-
tonanco of efficient school systems, and otherwise
promote tho cause of education throughout the
country."
That was its whole use, and it became so
useless in the opinion of Congress that 011
the 20th of July, 1868, we passed a law pro-
viding—
" That from and after the 30th day of Juno, 1800,
the Department of Education shall ceaso, and there
shall be established and attached to the Department
of the Interior an office to be denominated tho Office
of Education, the chief officcr of which shall be the
Commissioner of Education, at a salary of $3,000 per
annum, who shall, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, discharge all such duties, and
superintend, execute, and perform all such acts and
things touching and respecting the said Office of Edu-
cation as are devolved by law upon said Commis-
sioner of Education."
The whole duty now is devolved upon a clerk
in the Interior Department, who is to collect
statistics and furnish information to the States
and people. Tho result of his labors I hold
in my hand in a book of five hundred pages,
full of pictures of school-houses of all sorts and
filled with speeches of prominent members of
Congress—very good speeches no doubt—and
articles about Russia and Prussia and Switzer-
land. Not one man in a thousand ever sees
or cares about it. It is a stupendous humbug.
It is not worth a dollar to any one for any prac-
tical purpose.
Sir, the only proper course is to do away
with this thing altogether. The object of this
Government is to preserve order and suppress
crime. The intellect of the people will be
cared for by the people themselves. This Gov-
ernment cannot take the people under its pro-
tection and educate them ; if it attempts to do
so, and makes them subservient to it and holds
them subsidized by it, then all the great moral
force which has heretofore moved on this great
people will be destroyed. The people suould
be free to criticise the Government, as they
have been, and to educate themselves. Intel-
lect is progressive; the Government ought to
be stable.
But in the present condition of things keepi ng
up a little organization here to pay a Commis-
sioner and a few clerks is, as I said, a, hum-
bug, and the Committee on Appropriations, I
think, acted wisely in striking it out. If you
want a general system of education provide
for it in the form of a bill. The law creating
the Department of Education was repealed,
