3378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May U}
when we propose to affix limitations, and tell
ua that it is a trick iutended for the stump and
for elsewhere ?
I tell the honorable gentleman from Ohio,
whether it is a game or not, that when we come
betore the people with these propositions and
show them these springs and these articles of
steel, and these speeches are read before the
people showing that we proposed to limit the
tax to 4o per cent, ad valorem, the cry of
"game ' trom the gentleman from Ohio wilt"
not be heeded by the people, but they will aay
to him, " Why did uot you accept the proposi-
tions of those who are opposed to you, and tight
them with their own game?"'
Mr. COVODE. .Mr. Chairman 
Mr. BKOOlvS, of New York. Well, I will
yie'd ta AH b, if I have time. [Laughter.]
Mr. COY ODE. I thought the gentleman was
through.
[Here the Hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY obtained the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment to make a correction?
Mr. KELLEY. Certainly.
Mr. 8CHENCK. Mr. Chairman, the cal-
culation made here upon the spot and banded
to mo was wrong. The average upon the esti-
mates. aa wn take them from the gentleman
from New York and ua we have them ourselves,
at $76 per ton upon the steel itself would
amouut to within a very small fraction of 3}
cents per pound. The question now, however,
is upon steel springs as enhanced in value above
the steel, and upou steel springs the cut valorem
ia 45 per cent. I am of opinion, therefore,
that the committee did not make a mistake in
supposing that 6 cents per pound was about
equivalent to the present ad valorem dnty of
46 per cent. But I was under a misapprehen-
sion iu the calculation to which I was speaking;
I thought it was shown by thegentlemau's own i
figures that we bad proposea to reduce the
duty far below the present rate. It was not
our intention either to increase or to decrease '
the duty, but to hold it at abont the present
«ite, changing it from ad valorem to a specific
duty. But the calculation I made before was !
all wrong, based upon the figures I then had |
before me. and would seem to show a very i
great redaction from the present rate of duty,
whereas sucli is not the case.
Mr. COX. The gentleman concedes that I
was pretty near right. J hope he will help me
ia this matter.
Mr. SCHENCK. No; the gentleman is right
and is wrong; right on steel and wrong upon
the articles enumerated in this paragraph.
These articles are of greater value on account
of t he industry used in converting the steel into ,
springs, and because of the high quality of the >
steel used, which is above the average quality
of the steel to which the gentleman has re-
ferred.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will with- ;
draw my amendment to the amendment.
The question recarred upon the amendment ;
moved by Mr. Asper, to reduce the rate of doty :
from 6 cents to 3 cents per pound.
Mr. ALLISON. Is an amendment to the {
amendment in order ? .
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to the
amendment would be in order.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I move to amend the
amendment so as to make the rate of duty 4
cents per pound. I do not desire to debate
my amendment except to say that if the state-
ment made here in reference to the cost of
these springs is true, then aduty of 4 cents per
pound is a Tittle more than equivalent to the
present rate of duty. I think, therefore, that
a specific rate of duty of 4 cents per pound is
an ample duty upon these springs, especially
when the steel of which they are made pays a
duty of only 2J cents per pound, giving the
spring-maker a protection of jU cents per pound
upon his manufacture.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to say a few words
in reply to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Borchard] as well as the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks.] And I desire to
invite the attention of the Committee of the
I Whole to the fact that in 1867, when consid-
ering this very article of manufacture, the Sen-
ate adopted 8 cents per pound as the proper
duty. When the bill came to the House—
having the sauction of Special Commissioner
Wells at that time in that respect—it was re-
ported to the then Committee of Ways and
Means, who reported it back to the House
with the duty upon this article unchanged;
that is, with the duty upon these springs at 8
cents per pound. At that lime gold was rang-
ing from 140 to 150, and the duty was of course
proportionately enhanced. To-day gold is from
114 to 115, and we talk of its being still lower
ere long. Therefore, the duty has been re-
duced some 25 per cent., with a piospect of a
still greater reduction.
In 1867 the Senate and the then Committee
of Ways and Means of the House believed that
8 cents per pound would be a proper duty.
The present Committee of Ways and Means—
getting the best light upon the subjectthat they
could and inquiring iu every direction, us they
did upon this and upon every other subject—
believe that 8 cents per pound would be too
high a duty, and that 6 cents per pound would
be such an equivalent for the present duty of
45 per cent, ad valorem as would enable us
both to import aud to manufacture this article ;
as would give a chance for the development
of our resources and the maintenance of our
industry, and yet not close our markets against
importations of this article. The geutleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] proposes to go
before the country adding steel springs to the
present contents of his peddler's wagon of
hammers, hoes, saws, &c. Sir, there is another
, aspect of goingbefore the country, other issues
! rather than those of hoes and spades, the price
of which, by the way, I had the privilege not
long ago of showing has been so reduced under
; the present rates of dnty that we oan sell them
in the markets of England.
Sir, the crop is now in the ground in the
I western and northwestern States which, if there
I be no widespread failure on either side of the
i Atlantic, will remain in the hands of the farmer
without a market at any price.
With the completion of European railways
from the great grain fields of Hungary and
the shores of the Baltic, which are already,
as the gentleman from Iowa suggests, compet-
ing with us—with the completion of those roads
a good crop in any year on each side of the
Atlantic dooms the producer of grain in our
northwestern States to be for that year without
a market at any price. Gentlemen think they
want transportation. If they do they want good
springs for their railroad cars. But there will
bis no advantage in cheap transportation for
that which finds no market anywhere. What
is needed is a fair average market the world
over. As I predicted two years ago, if there
be not a wide diversification of our industries,
manufacturing and planting, theNorthwe&t will
frequently raise a crop for which there will be
no market. We approach that time. Noth-
ing bnt general drought or excess of rain or
widespread war will then give to the farmers
of the West a market that will pay them for
raising their grain; and this is a matter quite
apart from the question of transportation. ,
There are but so many people to be fed ; the I
consumption per head is limited; and the
amount of seed sown the world over is in
excess of the demand.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Allison to the amendment of
Mr. Asper, there were—ayes 36, noes 54 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Allison and
Mr. Asper were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 54, noes 64.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend bvinsn-t
in. "6." I think we ought to make a JS
reauctiou if we can. e
!i The amendment of Mr. Allison was
agreed to; there being—ayes seventy,
not counted. " oes
The amendment of Mr. AsrER, as amended
was agreed to. >
Mr. SCHENCK. This paragraph, as the
phraseology lias been amended, reads now
" On steel carriage, car, locomotive, and other
springs, 5 cents per pound." It has been sue.
gested that the paragraph would be clearer ff
amended to read, " "0n carriage, car, locomo-
tive, and other springs of steel," &c. I ask
unanimous consent that this modification bo
made.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not
object to the modification ; but I hope that the
whole paragraph when amended will be struck
out.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objec-
tion, the modification suggested by the gentle-
' man from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] will be made
There was no objection.
The question then recurred on the motion
of Mr. Burciiard, to strike out the paragraph
as amended.
The question was taken ; and there were—
ayes 31, noes 54; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Burchaud
and Mr. Donley were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 47, noes 71.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by in-
serting the following as a new paragraph :
On crinoline, corset, and hat steel, commercially
known as wire, whether covered with cotton or other
1 te*,tII? material, or not coverod, 9 cents per pound
and 10 per cent, ad valorem, '
It will be observed that this amendment pro-
poses an increase of duty upon a particular
i article, and one in which my friend from New
York, [Mr. Cox,] who is now smiling and
bowing at me, takes especial interest; and I
hope he will repeat that beautiful little speech
: of his upon crinoline and corsets which 1 see
! going the rounds of the press.
i It is due to the committee to state the in*
I formation we had in regard to this particular
| kind of steel—steel wire, if it may be called
i so. I wish I had here the sample we had in
| our committee-room, which looked like an
I elongated watch spring. However, the famil-
iarity of my friend from New York with the
article will enable him todescribe it more par-
ticularly. We find that this crinoline or cor-
Bet steel, or hat wire, is first bought in coils of
about one fourth of an inch in diameter. It
is reduced while cold to round wire. This is
done by drawing it repeatedly through plates.
It is annealed and cleaned between the differ-
ent processes, and is made into very fine sizes
of wire. After that the round wire is flattened,
so as to be made exceedingly thin, quite below
what is usually the highest number of wire
gauge, 23 or 24. This is run down to a thin-
ness of from 27 to 32 wire gauge. It is done
by passing it between steel rollers. This flat-
tened wire is then hardened by beating it in a
bath of melted lead. After being taken out
of the melted lead it undergoes another bath-
ing process, being put into a bath of oil. The
hardened steel wire is tempered by passing
through another bath of lead lower in temper-
ature than the first lead bath. This last opera-
tion leaves the flattened crinoline, corset, or
hat steel wire, tough and elastic-like a watch
spring. It answers exactly the purpose of
what I see in the papers are advertised as
"communion hoops," allowing persons to
kneel without at all hurting the hoops.
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m. hav-
ing arrived, the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to order of
the House, took a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
