178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
intendents, special deputies,-and enumerators are
hereby authorised to transmit through the post office
any paper or document relating to tho census, by
writing thereon " official business—census," and sub-
scribing the same with the addition to his name of
his official title. But this privilege shall extend to
nothing but the documents and papers relating to the
census, which shall pass free. And any superin-
tendent, district superintendent, special deputy,
enumerator, or clerk who shall use or exercise this
privilege for any purpose other than the legitimate
discharge of the duties of bis office shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction shall
forfeit for each offense a sum not exceeding $100.
And in lieu thereof insert the following:
Acourate accounts shall be kept by tho superin-
tendent, the distiict superintendents, and enumer-
ators of oxpenses incurred by them for postage upon
all official letters and other documents nnd commu-
nications sent by them through the mails in tho dis-
charge of their duties under this act, which amounts
shall be allowed them by the Secretary of the Interior
when properly certified in such manner as tho Secre-
tary of the Interior may direct.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
34, noes CO.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the yeas
and nays, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH then demanded tellers
on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stevensox
and Mr. Coxger were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—a,yes 51, noes 74.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ELA. I desire to correct an error in the
recording of my vote yesterday on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Rhode Island
[Mr. Jenckes] with regard to the employ-
ment of special deputies. My name is recorded
among tho yeas, whereas I voted " nay."
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman raise
the question on the reading of the Journals?
Mr. ELA. I refer to the record in the Globe.
Mr. GAIIFIELD, of Ohio. Then it is a
matter for the Globe to correct.
The SPEAKER. The rule is, where the
Journal is allowed to pass without correction
when it is read it is not subsequently liable to
correction.
Mr. BAILEY. I move to reconsider the
vote by which amendment No. 21 was adopted
and a new section added to the bill as section
eight.
Tho Clerk read amendment No. 21, as fol-
lows:
Insert after section seven tlie following additional
^oetion:
8ko. 8. And be it farther enacted. That each district
superintendent, being specially authorized thereto
by tho Superintendent of tho Census, may employ,
in addition to or instead of the enumerators in any
distnot, one or more persons us deputies to collect,
collate, arrange, and report the special statistical
information called for by this act in relation to mines
and mining, manufactures and mechanical industries,
mftreantilo and trading establishments and business,
iishcnes, education, religion, charities, charitable,
.sanitary, reformatory, and penal institutions, and
other commercial and social statistics provided for
in this act; and sucli special deputies shall take the
same oath as that required of the district superin-
tendents; and in districts where such special depu-
tiosare appointed the Superintendent of the Census
shall have power in his discretion to relieve tho local
enumerators from the duty of collecting the whole or
any portion ot such special statistics; and the assess-
ors and collectors of internal revenue in each dis-
their subordinates are hereby required to
exhibit all books and records, and furnish all inform-
ation in their possession to said special deputies
which may aid them and which thoy may require for
tho purpose of obtaining such special statistics.
Mr. JENCKES. I move that, the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. BENJAMIN. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 04. nays j 12. not voting
3/i; as follows: °
T>,y^AS_Mos,sJ'!i-^lli-ion-Am<'s.Arm'ltrone, Benton.
Mair, George31. Brooks, Buck. Buckley, Buffinlon
Lurehard Cake, Os-ua, Churchill, Clarke, Coburn
Conger. Dawes, Dickey, Duval, Fitch, Hamilton,
xlavs. tlitt, U oar. Hooper. Ilofcnkiss. Jenekes, Julian
Kellcy, Kellogg Kclny Knapp. Logan. Maynard]
McCarthj, L lasmi ll. Moore, Daniel J. Morrell
Myers, O-Noill. Paine. Palmer, Peter... Phelps, Pol
P land, Prosser. Rice, Packer, Sargent, Sehenek, John
'I A. Smith. William Smyth, Starkweather, Stoughton,
|; Strong, Tanner,Tillman, Townsend.Twichell, Tyner,
i j Upson, William 15. Washburn, Welker, Willard, and
;i Williams—61.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arnell, Asper,
i' Bailey, Barn urn, Beaman, B catty, Beck, Benjamin,
!, Bennett, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Boles, Boyd, .1 ames
•; Brooks, Burdett, Burr, Roderick R.-Butler, Calkin,
!, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Cowles, Cox,
j. Crebs, Culiom, Deweese, Dickinson, Dockery, Don-
j! ley, Dox, Dyer, Bla, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
il Fmkclnburg,Fisher,(i.'.u'field.Getz.Gilfillan,Greene,
1 Ctriswold, llaldeman. Hale, Hamill, Hawkins, Haw-
ley, Hay, Heaton, Heflin, Hoag, Hogs, Holman, In-
j gersoll, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
| Judd, Kerr, Keteham, Knott, Laflin, Lash, Law-
i rcnee, Marshall, Mayliam, McCormiek, McCrary,
! Metrrew, McNeely, Mcrcur, William Moore, Mor-
| gan, Mungen, Niblack, Orth, Packard, Pomeroy,
! Randall, Reading, Reeves, Rogers, Sanford, Saw-
I yer, Scofleld, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
] Stocum. Josephs. Smith, William J. Smith, Worth-
| ington C. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes,
j Stone, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Horn, Van
Trump, Voorhees, Cadwalader C.Washburn, Wells,
; Wheeler, Wilkinson, Winans, Winchester, Witeher,
and Woodward—112.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Banks,
Bowen, Benjamin F. Butler, Cleveland, Davis,
Dixon, Ferry, Fox, Col lad ay, Haight, Hambleton,
Hopkins, Johnson, Loughridge, Lynch, Jesse H.
Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Negley, Pot-
ter, Roots, Schumaker, Shanks, Sherrod, Strader,
Strickland, Talfe, Van Auken. Ward, Whittemore,
Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Wood—35.
So the House refused to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The question recurred on the motion to re-
consider ; and it was agreed to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to
the amendment; and being put, the amend-
ment was disagreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. While the yeas
| and nays were being taken I have been going
■ over the bill and find twelve places in which
amendments were made inserting the words
" special deputy " or " special deputies and
I now ask unanimous consent to move that
wherever these words occur they may be stricken
out.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendments having now been disposed
of, the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
the protracted and patient attention which the
House has given to this bill during the last
seven days is the best evidence that" could be
offered of the deep interest felt in the subject;
and the fact that no leading feature of the
bill as introduced by the committee has been
changed by the House is a strong assurance
that the House approves of the work of the
committee. I beg leave to present not only a
brief review of the bill in its present shape, as
compared with the old law, but I will also ven-
ture to ask the indulgence of the House while
I present some general considerations on the
subject of the census as a leading instrument
of modern civilization. In doing so I shall
take the liberty of using some materials which
I have used elsewhere on the general subject.
The modern census is so closely related to
the science of statistics that no general discus-
sion of it is possible without considering the
principles on which statistical science rests
and the objects which it proposes to reach.
The science of statistics is of recent date,
and like many of its sister sciences owes its
origin to the best and freest impulses of modern
civilization. The enumerations of inhabitants
and the appraisements of property made by
some of the nations of antiquity were practical
means employed sometimes to distribute polit-
ical power, but more frequently to adjust the
burdens of war; but no attempt was made
among them to classify the facts obtained so
as to make them the basis of scientific induc-
tion. The thought of studying these facts to
ascertain the wants of society had not then
dawned on the human mind, and of course
there was not a science of statistics in the mod-
ern sense.
It is never easy to fix the precise date of the
birth of any science, but we may safely say that
statistics did not enter its scientific phase before
1749, when it received from Professor Achen-
wall, of Gottingen, not only its name, but the
first comprehensive statement of its princi-
ples. ' Without pausing to trace the stages-of
its growth, some of the results of the cultiva-
tion of statistics in the spirit and methods of
science may be stated as germane to this dis-
cussion :
1. It has developed the truth that society is
an organism whose elements and forces eon-
form to laws as constant and pervasive as those
which govern the material universe ; and that
the study of these laws will enable man to
ameliorate his condition, to emancipate him-
self from the cruel dominion of superstition and
from countless evils which were once thought
beyond his control, and will make him, the
master rather than the slave of nature. Mankind
have been slow to believe that order reigns ia
the universe—that the world is a cosmos and
not a chaos.
The assertion of the reign of law has been
stubbornly resisted at every step. The divini-
ties of heathen superstition still linger in one
form or another in the faith of the ignorant,
and even many intelligent men shrink from the
contemplation of one supreme will acting reg-
ularly, not fortuitously, through laws beautiful
and simple rather than through a fitful and
capricious system of intervention.
Lecky tells us that in the early ages it was
believed that the motion of the heavenly bodies
as well as atmospheric changes was effected
by angels. In the Talmud a special angel was
assigned to every star and every element, and
similar notions were general throughout the
Middle Ages.
The scientific spirit has cast out the demons,
and presented us with nature clothed and in
her right mind and living under the reign of
law. It has given us, for the sorceries of the
alchemist, the beautiful laws of chemistry ; for
the dreams of the astrologer, the sublime truths
of astronomy; for the wild visions of cos-
mogony, the monumental records of geology ;
for the anarchy of diabolism, the laws of God.
But more stubborn still has been the resist-
ance against every attempt to assert the reign
of law in the realm of society. In that struggle
statistics has been the handmaid of science,
and has poured a, flood of light upon the dark
questions of famine and pestilence, ignorance
and crime, disease and death.
We no longer hope to predict the career and
destiny of a human being by studying the con-
junction of planets that presided at his birth.
We study rather the laws of life within him
and the elements and forces of nature and
society around him. We no longer attribute
the untimely death of infants wholly to the sin
of Adam, for we know it is the result of bad
nursing and ignorance. We are beginning to
acknowledge that—
"The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars.
But in ourselves that we are underlings."
Governments are only beginning to recognize
these truths.
_ In 1853 the Presbytery of Edinburgh peti-
tioned the British ministry to appoint a day of
national fasting and prayer in order to stay the
ravages of cholera in Scotland. Lord Palm-
erston, the home secretary, replied in a letter
which a century before no British statesman
would have dared to write. He told the clergy
of Scotland that "the plague being already
upon them activity was preferable to humilia-
tion; that the causes of disease should be
removed by improving the abodes of the poor,
and cleansing them from those sources of con-
tagion which would infallibly breed pestilence
and be fruitful in death in spite of all the
prayers and fastings of a united but inactive
nation." Henry Thomas Buckle expressed
the belief that this letter will be quoted in future
