1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5267
its negative on the laws of Colorado in this
respect.
Mr. President, to state the case very briefly,
this company, which is composed of a number
of gentlemen in my State, have received from
the Territory of Colorado all the legislation
they require and much more than this bill gives
them. They have bought a large tractof land
and have paid for it. It is their own property.
They desire to introduce into that tract a large
number of immigrants from Holland, and they
have obtained in Holland a loan for the pur-
pose of introducing the immigrants, of settling
them there, of building houses for them, of
irrigating the land, of improving the property,
of doing that very thing which we constantly
make grants to railroad companies to induce
them to do. They wish to do it of themselves
with their own money.
It is not strange that foreign capitalists
should have some suspicion of territorial legis-
lation, and they say, ''All this is very well; but
the rights that are giveii to us and the fran-
chises given to you under the territorial laws
of Colorado may be any day abrogated by
Congress, and if we are to risk two or three
million dollars upon it we wish to have the
sanction of the highest legislative power of
your country." While people would not have
a right to ask the interposition of Congress for
such a purpose, if it was only for their private
advantage, when you take into consideration
that this is in the direction in which Congress
is constantly legislating, that it is intended to
induce immigration, to develop the country, it
seems to me it is a very small thing to ask
Congress to give its sanction.
This amendment will entirely defeat the
object of the legislation of Congress, not only
by failing to'remove the suspicions of foreign
capitalists, but by confirming them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. E'DMUNDS. I wish to amend the words
proposed to be stricken out by adding two or
three; 1 believe that is in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend in the
thirty-first line of that section, on page 4, by
inserting after the word "corporation'' the
words "subject to such statutes;" so that the
clause shall read:
And tho powers, privileges, and franchises con-
ferred on corporations by and under the provisions
of chapter eighteen of the revised statutes of Colo-
rado, or of any and all amendments thereto, are
hereby confirmed to and invested in said corpora-
tion, subject to such statutes.
I am willing to aid this company just as far
as we lawfully and properly can. One neces-
sity for this act has been stated to bo that the
organic act creating the Territory of Colorado
did not invest the Legislature of that Territory
with power to give so wide a scope to the form-
ation of corporations as its statutes do. Now,
this act, in order to get over that difficulty, con-
tains this provision which the Senator from
Iowa proposes to strike out. As it stands
alone, confirming all that these statutes do and
confirming it perpetually, without any power
in the Territory of Colorado by any change in
its general laws to make any new regulation
or provision touching any corporation or this
one, it is too far to go. But. I am willing to
validate the action of the Territorial Legisla-
ture of Colorado in creating these corporations
by general powers, subject to the provisions
of the very statutes we are called upon to make
valid, so that this will be a valid corporation,
according to the laws of Colorado, and subject
to its laws. That I think is wise, fair, and
right; and those words being in,I should have
no objection to having these words stand in
the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. There cannot be any
objection to the amendment ofthe Senator from
Vermont, only that I think it is there before.
If I understand this bill aright, it says " by and
under the provisions of the statutes of Colo-
rado, or of any and all amendments thereto."
Does not that put it under any statute that may
now or hereafter be passed?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; this is a confirma-
tory act that makes whatever the statute hap-
pens to be now a perpetual law, even if it is a
regulation about fencing a man's land.
Mr. POMEROY. If the language in the
bill does not do it, I am willing to add the
language the Senator from Vermont has indi-
cated. I will say, however, that this bill has
never been before any committee of which I
am a member, but I read it, and in general I
think it is a good bill and well drawn.
I want to say here why this clause is put in.
To my mind it was for this reason: part of
this property is in Colorado and part in New
Mexico. The laws relating to corporations in
Colorado could not have the least effect upon
that portion of this property that lies in New
Mexico. Then the reason this was put in, as
I supposed, was to have Congress give it such
sanction that it would be good in New Mexico.
A corporation of Colorado cannot travel out-
side of Colorado; but if it is recognized, sanc-
tioned, and legalized by Congress, it may be
good in New Mexico. That is the reason, I
suppose, why this clause was put in. If there
was any other reason I do not know it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Kan-
sas does not, I think, quite comprehend the
scope of a general statute authorizing a corpor-
ation to be formed and what are the powers
of that corporation after it is formed. If the
Territory of Colorado, having lawful authority
to pass statutes authorizing the formation of
corporations, does pass them, and the corpora-
tion is formed in pursuance of those statutes,
it becomes a legal being, a person, and it may
own land in the Territory of New Mexico and
manage it and sell it and dispose of it, like any
other person, if the laws of New Mexico do
not prohibit foreign corporations and foreign
persons from holding land there. There are
no laws of that kind in any Territory or in any
State of the United States ordinarily, though
there is sometimes a limit; so that there is no
difficulty in this corporation, if it owns lands
in the Territory of New Mexico, selling them
if it wishes to do so ; but it is still a legal being
of the Territory of Colorado, and of course, as
to its existence, can be governed by no laws
except those of the Territory creating it. That
is the distinction.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the attention of
the Senator from Iowa, the Senator from Ver-
mont, and all those Senators who object to
this, to what I find now is the reason of this
legislation, which I did not understand at first.
By act of Congress these are the words—we
have limited the powers of the Territories in
the creation of corporations to creating cor-
porations for "mining, manufacturing, and
other industrial pursuits." Now, it is said
that this campany, seeking to engage in pro-
moting immigration, does not fall within either
of these terms strictly, and that therefore the
Legislature of Colorado has wholly exceeded
its powur in chartering this company for that
purpose. The whole object is, as I am in-
formed—and I have a memorandum of the
points citing what the provision is—to supply
that defect, to give to the legislation of Colo-
rado the thing that it lacks, inasmuch as this
may not be deemed technically a corporation
for mining, manufacturing, or other industrial
pursuits. If that be so, surely it seems to me
that there can be no objection to this.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask that the Clerk may read
the provision of the law of Colorado referred
to. I do not know what it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sorry that this
morning hour is to be taken up with a bill of
this character. We are pressed every moment
of time with business of a general character,
and here comes up a bill to incorporate cer-
tain persons to buy and sell lands in the Terri-
tories. Why can they not buy and sell lands
without an act of incorporation? They have
the same right to do it that you and I have.
_Mr. CONKLING. They cannot build a
railroad without an act of incorporation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have we ever incor-
porated a company in a Territory before for
such a purpose as-this?
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly; the Union
Pacific railroad.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Union Pacific rail-
road was put upon national grounds and on an
entirely different footing. The Union Pacific
railroad was sustained by many upon the ground
that it was a military necessity to supply our
troops. There are very many reasons which
induced members of Congress to vote for the
creation of that corporation that do not exist
at all in reference to this.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not say anything
about the reasons; I only mentioned the fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that we
have ever anywhere created a corporation of
this character; but now we are to create a
corporation to buy and sell lands in Colorado.
Mr. ANTHONY. Not to buy lauds; to sell
their own lands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They can sell their lands
without an act of incorporation. There is no
sort of difficulty about it.
Mr. CONKLING. That is not the object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then what is the object?
Mr. CONKLING. I have no interest in the
bill except that various persons have called
my attention to it, members of the two Houses,
and others. The object is, without giving one
farthing of subsidy either in lands or money,
but a simple right of way, to allow the resi-
dents of a Territory to develop their property
and resources and build a railroad from term-
inus to terminus, and sell lands of which the
individuals are already seized.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the only object is to
authorize this company to have a right of way
over Government lands, there is no objection
to that; a bill to do that can be drawn up in
ten lines.
Allow me to say to the Senator from New
York that it is not this bill, nor the object or
purpose of this bill, to do that. There never
before was such a bill as this brought into the
Congress of the United States, I venture to
say. No such law can be found upon the
statute-book. It is against the policy of this
country. It is setting up a system of perpe-
tuity here, creating a charter to run forever,
incorporating a great land monopoly to absorb
the public lands of your Territories. That is
the character of this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. It is the saAie thing that
my friend has got through himself inother cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have sever known
anything like this. The general objects of this
corporation are declared to be—what?
To promote and encourage emigration to and set-
tlements on the lands of said company.
Is that building a railroad over its lands?
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator allow
me to say that the bill does not grant them an
acre of la,nd that they do not own already ? It
allows them to dispose of the lands they own.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The object of the cor-
poration is "to promote emigration" 
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly to their lands.
Arc you opposed to that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do you want an act of
Congress creating a corporation to encourage
emigration ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly, to encourage
emigrants to go on their land and buy it, to
develop their land, to irrigate their land, to
build houses for emigrants, &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does that require an
act of incorporation?
Mr. ANTHONY. Undoubtedly it does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the first time its
ever did require it. Why, sir, this bill  
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator allow-
me to make a single suggestion ? This bill was
examined in the Committee on Territories very
