1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
41st Cojsra 2D SES^.
Harbor and River Appropriations—Mr. Conger.
13o. of Heps.
down through the valley of the shadow of death,
to some
"Undiscovered country, from whose bourn
No traveler returns."
I quote tlie following from the Albany Argus:
" In our columns of to-day will be found an adver-
tisement-for the transportation of merchandise to
the western States and Territories; and wo have
likewise subjoined the printed lists of routes to Pitts-
burg, through the State of New York, and cannot
but express our astonishment that the efforts of the
adventurer to acquire for this State so very lucra-
tive a branch of commerce, have hitherto been un-
aided by an enlightened public.
"From the above mentioned list itappenrs that by
two routes property can be conveyed irom the city
of New York to Pittsburg in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, for live dollars per cwt.; by a third at Stf 50,
and by a fourth at £5 75 per cwt.
"The largest estimate as to time does not exceed
forty days; tho residue thirty to thirty-five day?.
"Notice.
" Transportation to Pittsburg through the State of New
York.
"The subscriber having lately formed a connec-
tion with a gentleman residing near the head waters
of the Alleghany river, again offers his services to
the merchants of tho western States and Territories,
as agent to transport property of every description
from the city of New York to Pittsburg, in the State
of Pennsylvania. Assortments of goods if shipped at
New York on board the sloops of the 'western line'
will be delivered at Pittsburg for five dollars per ewt.
All charges, except cooperage, included.
"OlIAllLES Sill ill.
"Alkaxy, lGf/t November, IS]8."
Haute No. 1, via Hamilton and Glean.
per cwt.
From New York to Albany, in sloops, five days..$0 50
From Albany to Olean, in wagons, twenty days- *1 00
From Olean to Pittsburg, in barges, arks, &c.,
live to eight days  50
Thirty to thirty-three days S"> 00
Route No. 2, via Erie, Pennsylvania.
From Now York to Albany, in sloops, fivedays.^O 50
From Albany to Black Rock, in wagons, lilteen ^
From Black itock to Pittsburg, lake and liver,
twelve days 1
Thirty-two days 75
lioute No. 3, via Erie,by water from Schenectady, six
months' credit without interest on tins route.
From New York to Albany, in sloops, five days .$0 50
From Albany to Oswego, in wagons and boat*,
fifteen days • . .,«   w 00
From Oswego to '.Block Hook, including portage
at Lewistown, hike and land cairiage, eight
day*   1 00
From Black liock to Pittsburg, lake and river,
twelve days  *■
Forty cloys S5j00
lioute No. 1, via Saekrtt's Harbor.
From New York to Albany, in sloops, five days $0 50
From Albany to Sackett's Harbor, in wagons,
From Sackett's ilarborto Black itock, lake and
land carriage, eight days      1 00
From Black llock to Pittsburg, lake and river,
twelve days  1 oU
Thirty-five da
Such extraordinary facilities, Mr. Speaker,
succeeded by its speed and cheapness in divert-
in" the trade of the West from Philadelphia
and Baltimore and establishing the commercial
supremacy of New 1 ork on so sure a found-
ation, that it holds it to this day! I rescue
the name of New York s benefactor from
oblivion, and commend to that ungrateM city
a suitable testimonial for his timely services.
But seriously, the striking contrast between
the tedious transportation and limited^ com-
merce of the great valley as mirrored in the
Albany Argus of 1818, and the innumerable
productions and immeasurable appliances of
transit of the great West of to-day, bewilders
the imagination and challenges the highest
powers of calculation.
With all the rivers and lakes, the railroads
and canals, the productions of the West crowd
the utmost limit of transportation and overbur-
den the vehicles of commerce. Besides feeding
the millions of producers, supplying the neces-
sities of half a million of immigrants annually,
compensating the losses by fire and flood and
shipwreck, there still remains for transporta-
tion from the valley of the Mississippi and the
region of the great lakes so vast a supply of
grain and lumber, of cotton and sugar, of lead
and iron and copper, of fish and pork and beef,
ot horses and cattle, of wool and fruit, and of
all the untold products of that garden of the
world, that the problem of rfodes of convey-
ance already taxes the highest engineering skill
oftlie nation, and its very uncertainty produces
embarrassing delays and unavoidable fluctua-
tions in freightage.
I am firm in the belief, Mr. Speaker, that
every dollar which the Government expends
judiciously in giving security to shipping, in
enlarging and multiplying the channels and
routes of transport and travel, in opening new
ways of communication by land and by water,
is not only returned fourfold to the producer,
the farmer, the lumberman, the artisan, and
the consumer, but adds vastly to the material
wealth and vital prosperity of the nation at
large, and assures its security and supremacy
among the nations of the earth.
Sir, without convenient ports and harbors
of refuge, and canals, and deeper channels
between the lakes, and safer and easier access
to the centers of exchange, and improved nav-
igation of the vast net-work of rivers and inter-
lacing railways for portages by land where nav-
igable waters are wanting, the valuable pro-
ductions of our industry and skill will- remain
comparatively worthless on the hands of the
producer, or their value be dissipated in loss
and shipwreck and the perils of navigation, or ;
the excessive charges of insurance and freight-
age on the overcrowded highways of commerce.
So intimately does one industry depend
upon another, so small is the net prolit on
each item of production or manufacture, that
a trifling increase of freight on each portion
of exchangeable routes in a long line ot trans-
portation, an occasional shipwreck, or even
frequent delays in reaching a market, may i
turn the scale against the producer and impov- !
erisli him in proportion to the extent ot his i
production and the measure of his industry.
And in my humble judgment, Mr. Speaker,
the certainty, cheapness, and speed of loading,
unloading, and transporting our surplus pro-
ducts, merchandise, and manufactures over so
vast a country as ours is the foundation of
individual and national prosperity ; and as far
as the financial condition of the country will
permit, I think it is the duty of the Govern-
ment, for the benefit of the whole people, to
favor and further such a policy.
Living for a quarter of a century upon the
St. Clan-river, upon which passes and repasses
in endless succession the vessels bearing the
entire commerce of the lakes, and having been
familiar with the commerce and productions
of the West from early boyhood, and more es-
pecially with the lumber interests of the three
greatest lumber producing States, Michigan,
Wisconsin, and Minnesota, I know how vitally
important to that industry is cheapness and
certainty of tiansportation, and how easily the
small margin ol profits may be swept away by
the delays of shipping and the fluctuations ot
freightage.
Surveying that wilderness of great interests,
observing the woodland industries oi our vast
forests, the busy clatter of our thousand mills,
the towering piles of lumber on our docks, the
thousand vessels and barges and rafts and cais
transporting the productions of our forests to
every civilized land on tho globe, and remem-
bering that over a million of the citizens of
those"three States depend solely on the lumber
interest for employment and for the support
and education of their families, some statis-
tics which I will present to the consideration
of the House, showing the cost, profits, and
capital involved in the manufacture of lumber,
and in the shipping required to transport it to
market, will assist tho House to realize the
necessity of providing harbors and improving
the navigation in those States where this busi-
ness is carried 011. Some of these statistics
were prepared and laid before a convention of
lumbermen at Saginaw, Michigan, in March,
1870, and may be relied upon as mainly correct.
Others are gathered from the Detroit Tribune,
the Post, the Saginaw Courier, the Michigan
Almanac, the Chicago Tribune, and various
reports of boards of trade and chambers of
commerce in our western cities, and such other
sources of information as I was able to reach,
which I do not claim are entirely accurate, but
sufficiently so to give a general view of the sub-
■ ject. And I freely admit that I have gone
more into details of the lumber business than I
otherwise should, because I desire the gentle-
men from Iowa, Illinois, Missouri, Indiana,
and Ohio, if they will be kind enough to exam-
ine these statements, to understand the actual
cost of lumber to the manufacturer, its market
value at home, and how much is the added
cost of transportation :
"Tho pino lumbering operations of tho Saginaw
valley alone gave, during tho season of 1869, employ-
ment to over eleven thousand direct operatives, which
may be divided into tlie following classes, with the
averago wages per diem affixed:
Number in snw-mills   ^,900, at $2 00, $5,81tf
Number in shingle-nulls  f>27, at 1 75, 923
^umberinwoods,(lumbering,,) 7,035, at 1 75, I'.1,4:71
Daily avcraso 11,121  S20.192
Wo estimate this force to bo in actual emplov 250
days.,   $5,01S,000
"The pine lumbei product when reduced to its
cash value, computing at prices realized during 1809,
would be as follows:
523.500.S30 feet lumber, at ^12 931 805,190 00
51,704,221 pieces lath, at .^1 59   77,031 33
119,843,500 shingles, at $-1  479,374 00
1,800.000 pickets, at $J2   21,600 00
Tota
;,801 33
"The price of lumber, as with other marketable
commodities, and from the same cause, varies. As
l'ar as the object of this statement is concerned, the
prices realized last year may bo considered a proper
basis ol calculation. The percentage of upper lum-
ber received from the several streams tributary to
the Saginaw liver was about twelve per cent. Tak-
ing, then, the average price realized during tho se-i-
son, we find that the averago amount realized from
the whole production is ij>12 031- per thousand feet, as
follows:
15 per cent, culls at :r-5 50  $0 821
73 per cent, common, at $11.....  8 03
12 per cent, upper, at 434    4 OS
Average priec per thousand l'eet $12 93 V
"As illustrating the small margin for profits in the
lumber business, we present herewith a detailed
statement of tho expense of getting out, and manu-
facturing pine logs into lumber, from tho tune they
leave the tree un'lil piled on the dock tor shipment.
Average distance thai logs are drawn to stream two
and a half miles.
Cutting and getting logs into water, per thou-
sand 
Driving to booing  . -  ' I
doomage and delivery to mills  j <-•>
Sawing  4
Inspection and commission 
Stumpage   -- ------ v.\
Shrinkageand loss, insurance and incidental,  
Total cost 
Of this eoct equai to 9J1 is for labor.
Recapitulation.
71 ct-uyj ii
523,500,830 feet lumber, at $12 93   vO.SO.j.lOij Of
51,751,2-1 pioceslath, at M 50  77.oh '
119,8-13,500 shingles, at $ i  Hi
1,SOU,000 pickets, at ^13 
Total receipts   7,3Sr>,W)i  
Reducing shingles and pickets io board
measure, wo have—
523,500,830 feet lumber,
1,800,000 feet picket?,
23,91)5,700 feet shingles,
5-19,260,530 feet at cost of production, a^
stated, $11 75  (M-Unl.
Balance to profit account    ,yjl0,02< 10
Investment in mill property !5!
Investment in shingle-mill property  Utywu iu
Total investment in mill property.. U,0ll\500 n0
