1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'2485
as between No. 12andNo. 15; some few grades-
perhaps go up as high as No. 16 or 17 Dutch
standard.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon this in-
formal amendment is exhausted, and it will be
considered as withdrawn.
Mr. LYNCH. I renew the amendment. I
wish to say a few words in reply to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Burchard.] He has
asked why, with this discrimination in the
present tariff in favor of clarified sugar, there
is not more imported.
Mr. BURCHARD. I did not ask that ques-
tion. I stated the fact that the quantity of raw
sugar imported was fifteen times as great as
the quantity of sugar that would come under
the head of clarified sugar.
Mr. LYNCH. I understood the gentleman
to say he did not understand why more of this
clarified sugar is not imported, there being a
discrimination in its favor.
Mr. BHRCHARD. If the figures are correct.
Mr. LYNCH. I can state to the gentleman
that the figures are correct; that there is this
discriminationagainstthe American refiner and
in favor of the foreign refiner. The vacuum pan
and centrifugal machine, as processes of refin-
ing, are comparatively new. The reason why
there is not more clarified sugar imported with
this discrimination in its favor is that there is
a lack of skilled labor where the sugar is pro-
duced, and therefore it is shipped in its raw
state ; but as the planters introduce machinery
and adopt new processes the importation of
this class of sugar increases very largely. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] has
stated that the refiners are making 200 per
cent. I would say to him, and he ought to
know the fact, there have not been half a dozen
refiners in this country who have started the
business who hava succeeded, nearly all of
them having failed. It is an unprofitable busi-
ness, and will be rendered more so by the pro-
posed discrimination against them in reference
to this clarified sugar.
Mr. BURCHARD. I understand the object
of this is to increase the protection to the manu-
facturers of this refined sugar?
Mr. LYNCH. I have no doubt about that.
Mr. BURCHARD. Notwithstanding the
internal revenue tax has been taken off, it is
further proposed to increase protection.
Mr. LYNCH. Ifthegentlemanhad notinter-
rupted me I would have explained all that. I
will try to explain the reasons why there is not
more imported. Thereasonis, they have not the
skilled labor, and have only recently introduced
this process for refining sugar in a new way. It is
increasing very rapidly. No one objects to in-
creasing the duty on refined sugar when it is
refined by a certain process. This bill proposes
to levy a duty of 4 cents a pound on sugar refined
by particular processes—the stove-dried hard
sugars. The gentleman does not objectto that.
This bill proposes on refined, stove-dried, in
loaf, lump, crushed, powdered, or granulated
sugar, sugar manufactured by certain processes,
a duty of 4 cents a pound, giving a discrim-
ination in favor of the American refiners to that
extent. This is simply another mode of refin-
ing by boiling in vacuum pans and purging in
centrifugal machines, which make a certain
class of sugars, the soft coffee sugars, as purely
refined as those which pass through these other
processes which it is provided shall not come
in at a less duty than 4 cents per pound.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. JUDD. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Maine a question. What is^ the
difference between raw sugar and clarified
sugar?
Mr. LYNCH. The difference between raw
sugar and clarified sugar is this: the law is
boiled in open kettles, then turned into hogs-
heads, and there allowed to sit and make by
draining. When it is clarified, it is boiled in
a vacuum pan, made into melado, and taken
from the wagons or tanks and passed into the
centrifugal machine, by which all the molasses
or sirup is forced out of it, when to all intents
and purposes it becomes refined sugar, pre-
cisely the same kind of clarified sugar as that
filtered through bone-black, or its equivalent,
upon which a duty of 4 cents is imposed, while
upon this clarified sugar only a duty of 3 cents
per pound is imposed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Chairman, I have listened
with close attention to the debate as far as it
has proceeded on this item of the bill, and I
hav£ been led by all I have been able to learn,
either in this Hall or out of it, to the strong
and confident conclusion that the rates of duty
in this proposed bill are in the interests of the
refiners and not in favor of the people or of
the revenues. Many speeches have been made
on this bill on the other side of the House, and
nearly all of them have considered chiefly the
interests of the refiners; very little has been
said in defense of the millions who use sugar.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Chairman, what is the
pending question ?
The CHAIRMAN. On an informal amend-
ment.
Mr. KERR. That is what I supposed.
Mr. BLAIR. The amendment having been
made and withdrawn, and repeatedly renewed
and withdrawn, I make the point that it is not
now in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order
comes too late.
Mr. BLAIR. I give notice that I will renew
it when the proper time arrives. T want to have
a vote on this question.
Mr. KERR. I am satisfied all the speeches
made here on the other side in favor of this
bill poiut to greatly increased protection of
refiners. Very little has been said in favor of
the people or the consumers of this product.
Gentlemen have been discussing what will sat-
isfy the refiners and what will be a reasonable
protection to them. I am satisfied, Mr. Chair-
man, the present law is much more favorable to
the revenue and the people than the proposed
bill, and! will state as briefly as possible my rea-
sons for that conclusion. The present law im-
poses a duty on raw sugar of 3 cents per pound.
This bill proposes a duty of only 2 cents; thus
making a reduction of 33 per cent, in favor of
the refiners, and about $10,000,000 against the
Treasury. The present law imposes a duty of
32- cents on the next grades of sugar. This
bill imposes a duty of 3 cents; thus making a
reduction in favor of the people which may
possibly bring about a reduction of sugar to the
consumers of 14 per cent, on the present duty,
or, to be precise, 14&-per cent. The raw sugars
are the refiners' raw material. Of them only
about 7 per cent, of the total importation is
consumed by the people before it goes through
some process of refinement. The whole amount
imported in the last fiscal year was nearly
1,000,000,000 pounds. After it has passed
through tiieir hands those who consume it are
compelled to pay heavy tribute to them, be-
cause all competing refined sugars are kept
out of the country by the high duties imposed
on them by the bill.
Now, why is this great discrimination made
against the revenue, against fair and reasonable
competition, and in favor of the refiners and
against the consumers? The chairman of the
committee tells the House that this great change
is made advantageous by the fact that the com-
mittee have reduced the number of grades of
sugar above the raw sugar. I admit that they
have done this, but what will be the effect of
it? Look at the returns for the last fiscal year
and you will see that the aggregate value of all
imported sugars was about $48,000.000, and that
of the entire amount nearly 844,000,000 were
raw sugars; so that all the other grades brought
into the country under the present law repre-
sented a value of but a little over §4,000.000.
I say, then, that if the chairman of the com-
mittee will classify all sugars as of one single
grade which are above the grade o.f'ra..
and impose a common duty of 3 cents" per
pound on it, that still the protection given
under this bill to the refiners will be greater
than it is under the present law, and 1 believe
it would be better if we should make a single
uniform rate, both for the consumers and for
the revenue. And the' refiners, if they can be
content with fair and reasonable rates, should
be satisfied to have the duty fixed at uniform
rates upon all kinds of imported sugar. But
if that cannot be done I am in favor of the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Allison.] It makes an improvement on the
bill, both in the interest of revenue and of the
people. It is time some regard was given to
them and less to the monopolists. Itisatleast
disingenuous to pretend that without such high
bounty they will be ruined. The fact is that
throughout our history, under all kinds of
tariffs, they have prospered. They are pros-
perous now, and are making better profits than
most other pursuits. They are the few, and
upon every principle of fairness and of just
government chief solicitude should be given
to the interests of the great body of the people.
The people will hold their Representatives
responsible who forget them and their welfare,
because they do not beset our lobbies or fill
our committee-rooms with their hired agents,
and who remember only the few refiners and
monopolists, the protectionists, because they
are always here urging with all kinds of impor-
tunities their claims for protection, for boun-
ties at the expense of the consumers and of
the revenues of the Government.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. JUDD. I renew it.
Mr. BLAIR. I insist on my point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has sustained
the point of order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to know what
was the decision which was made by ths Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decided that
any amendment proposed by any member of
the committee cannot be withdrawn except by
unanimous consent of the committee; and the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Blaiji] has
objected.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I quite agree with the
decision of the Chair. But I wish to make this
point: that if an amendment is withdrawn
without objection being made to its withdrawal
any member of the committee can renew it.
The objection comes too late for the renewal,
thotfrgh it may be proper for the withdrawal.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingeesoll] is correct.
Mr. JUDD. I move to amend by making
the duty 2J cents-
Mr. SCI1ENCK. Will the gentleman allow
me an opportunity of moving that the commit-
tee rise, with a view of stopping debate on the
pending clause, say in ten minutes.
Mr. J UDD. 1 have no speech to make, and
will not detain the committee more than a
minute or two. I am merely in pursuit of in-
formation, for I desire if I can to vote under-
standing^ without making any mistake. I
want to do what is fair if I can with a due
regard to the interests of the consumer, the
producer, and the manufacturer. We have
heard all through this debate what has been
the desire and the request of the refiner. We
have heard what has been the desire and the
request of the producer. But we have heard
very little of what is the interest or the desire
of the consumer. I have heard no statement,
upon this floor that the consumer has been
heard in the committee-room, and the interest
of the consumer, Mr. Chairman, I submit, is
the largest interest that there is in this coun-
try. It is the largest in numbers, it is the
largest in the amount of duty that is paid. It-
is the great interest of this country, and it is
the interest of the consumer in this question,
which is a matter affecting every household.
