1869.
THE -C0N6KESSI0NAL GLOBE.
179
ages as a striking illustration of the progress
of enlightened public opinion. But that further
progress is possible is seen in the fact that
within the last three years an English bishop
has attributed the rinderpest to the Oxford
essays and the writings of Colenso.
In these remarks I disclaim any reference
to the dominion of the Creator over His spiritual
universe and the high and sacred duty of all
His intelligent creatures to reverence and wor-
ship Him, I speak solely of those laws that
relate to the physical, intellectual, and social
life of man.
2. The development of statistics are causing
history to be rewritten. Till recently the his-
torian studied nations in the aggregate, and
gave us Only the story of princes, dynasties,
sieges, and battles. Ofthepeople themselves—
the great social body with life, growth, forces,
elements, and laws of its own—he told us noth-
ing. Now statistical inquiry leads him into
the hovels, homes, workshops, mines, fields,
prisons, hospitals, and all places where human
nature displays its weakness and its strength.
In these explorations he discovers the seeds of
national growth and decay, and thus becomes
the prophet of his generation.
Without the aid of statistics that most mas-
terly chapter of human history, the third of
Macaulay's first volume, could never have
been written.
3. Statistical science is indispensable to
modern statesmanship. In legislation as in
physical science it is beginning to bo under-
stood that we can control terrestrial forces
only by obeying their laws. The legislator
must formulate in his statutes not only the na-
tional will, but also those great laws of social
life revealed by statistics. He must study soci-
ety rather than black-letter learning. He must
learn the truth "that society usually prepares
the crime, and the criminal is only the instru-
ment that completes it;" that statesmanship
consists rather in removing causes than in
punishing or evading results.
Lightisitselfagreatcorrective. A thousand
wrongs and abuses that grow in the darkness
disappear like owls and bats before the light of
day. For example, who can doubt that before
many months the press of this country will burn
down the whipping-posts of Delaware as effect-
ually as the mirrors of Archimedes burned the
Koman ships in the harbor of Syracuse ?
I know of no writer who has exhibited the
importance of this science to statesmanship so
fully and so ably as Sir George Cornewall
Lewis in his treatise " On the Methods of Ob-
servation and Reasoning on Politics." After
showing that politics is now taking its place
among the sciences, and as a science its super-
structure rests on observed and classified facts,
he says of the registration of political facts,
which consists of history and statistics, that ''it
may be considered as the entrance and propy-
leea to politics. It furnishes the materials upon
which the artificer operates, which he hewa into
shape and builds up into a symmetrical struc-
ture."
In a subsequent chapter he states the im-
portance of statistics to the practical statesman
in this strong and lucid language :
"Ho can hardly take a single safe step without
consulting them. Whether he be framing a plan of
imanee, or considering the operation of an existing
tax, or following the variations of trade, or studying
too public health, or examining the effectsof a crim-
inal law, his conclusions ought to be guided by sta-
tistical data."— Vol. 1, p. 131.
Napoleon, with that wonderful vision vouch-
safed to genius, saw the importance of this
science when he said :
and without a
" Statistics is the budget of things;
budget there is no public safety."
We may not, perhaps, go as far as Goethe
did and declare that ''figures govern the
world;" but we can fully agree with him that
they show hoiv it is governed."
Baron Quetelet, of Belgium, one of the ripest
scholars and profoundest students of statistical
science, concludes his latest chapter of scien-
tific results in these words:
"One of the principal results of civilization is to
reduce more and more the limits within which the
different elements of society fluctuate. The more
intelligence increases the more these limits are re-
duced, and the nearer we approach the beautiful and
the good. The perfectibility of the human species
results as a necessary consequence of all our re-
searches. Physical defects and monstrosities are
gradually disappearing; the frequency and severity
of diseases areresistedmore successfully by the prog-
ress of medical science; the moral qualities of man
are proving themselves not less capable of improve-
ment ; and the more we advance the less we shall
have need to fear those great political convulsions
and wars and their attendant results which are the
scourges of mankind."
It should be added that the growing import-
ance of political science as well as its recent
origin is exhibited in the fact that nearly every
modern nation has established within the last
half century a bureau of general statistics for
the uses of statesmanship and science. In the
thirty States of Europe they are now assidu-
ously cultivating the science. Not one of their
central bureaus was fully organized before the
year 1800.
The chief instrument of American statistics
is the census, which should accomplish a two-
fold object. It should serve the country by
making a full and accurate exhibit of the ele-
ments of national life and strength, and it
should serve the science of statistics by so
exhibiting general results that they may be
compared with similar data obtained by other
nations.
_ In the light of its national uses and its rela-
tions to social science let us consider the origin
and development of the American census.
During the colonial period several enumer-
ations of the inhabitants of the Colonies were
made by order of the British Board of Trade;
but no general concerted attempt was made to
take a census until after the opening of the
revolutionary war. As illustrating the practi-
cal difficulty of census-taking at that time, a
passage in a letter written in 1715 to the Lords
of Trade by Hunter, the colonial governor
of New York, may bo interesting:
" Tlio superstition of this peoplo is so unsunnount-
abio that I believe I shall never be able to obtain a
complete list of tho number of inhabitants of tbis
province. —New York (Jolonial M8S., vol. 5, p. 4a(J.
He thou suggests a computation based upon
returns of militia and of freemen, afterward
the women and children, and then the servants
and slaves.
William JBurnet, colonial governor of New
Jersey, to the Lords of Trade, June 26, 1726,
alter mentioning returns made in 1723, says:
I would have then ordered tho like accounts to
be taken m iMow Jersey, but! was advised it might
make tho people uneasy, they being generally ol a
7ii .I11 extraction and thereby enthusiasts;
and that they would take it for a repetition of the
yam© sin that l)avid committed in numbering the
people and might bring on the like judgments. This
notion put me off from it at the time, but since your
• Ski i P? desire it I will give the orders to the sher-
ins that it may be done as boon as may be.'*
That this sentiment has not yet wholly dis- 1
appeared may be seen from the following: at ;
a public meeting held on the evening of Novem- I
ber 12, 1867, in this city, pending the taking of !
the census of the District of Columbia by the I
Department of Education and the municipal |
authorities, a speaker, whose name is given in ■
the reported proceedings, said:
" I regard the whole matter as illegal. Takin«-the !
census is an important matter. Jn the Bible we nvo ;
told David ordered Joab to take the census when he '
. no authority to do feo, andjoab was punished '
for it. Ho thought these parties, tho Metropolitan
police, should be enjoined from asking questions, ami
he advised those who had not returned the blank no i !
to an it up or answer a single question." <
As early as 1/75 the Continental Congress i
resolved that certain of the burdens of the war \
should be distributed among the Colonies !
according to the number of inhabitants of all !
ages, including negroes and mulattoes, in each '
colonyand also recommended to the several
colonial conventions, councils, or committees
of safety to ascertain the number oi inhabitants
in each colony, and to make return to Congress
as soon as possible. Such responses as were
made to this recommendation were probably
of no great value, and are almost wholly lost.
The Articles of Confederation, as reported
by John Dickinson in July, 1776, provided for
a triennial enumeration of the inhabitants of
the States, such enumeration to be the basis of
adjusting the "charges of war and all other
expenses that should be incurred for the com-
mon defense or general welfare." The eighth
of the articles as they were finally adopted pro-
vided that these charges and expenses should
be defrayed out of a common treasury, to he
supplied by tho several States in " proportion
to the value of land within each State granted
to or surveyed for any person ; and such laud
and the buildings and improvements thereon
shall be estimated according to such mode as
the United States in Congress assembled shall
from time to time direct and appoint."
The ninth article gave Congress the authority
" to agree upon the numbers of land forces,
and to make requisitions from each of its quota
in proportion to the number of white inhabit-
ants in such State." These articles unques-
tionably contemplated a national census, to
include a valuation of land and an enumeration
of population, but they led to no substantial
results. When the blanks in the revenue report
of 1783 wer® tilled the committee reported that
they had been compelled to estimate the popu-
lation of all the States except New Hampshire,
Khode Island, Connecticut, and Maryland.
The next step is to the constitutional con-
vention of 1787. The charter of Government
framed by that body provided for a national
census to be taken decennially. Moreau de
•Tonnes, a distinguished French writer on sta-
tistics, in his " Elements de Statistique," refers
to the constitutional provision in tho following
elevated language:
"The Unitod States presents in its history a phe-
nomenon which lias no parallel. It is that of a peo-
plo who instituted the statistics of their country on
the very day when they formed their Government,
and who regulated in the same instrument the cen-
sus of their citizens, their civil and political right.-.,
and the destinies of tho country."
De Jonnes considers the American census
the more remarkable because it was instituted
at so early a date by a people very jealous of
their liberties; and he gives emphasis to his
statement by referring to the heavy penalties
imposed by the first law of Congress to carry
these provisions into effect.
It must be confessed, however, that the
American founders looked only to practical
ends. A careful search through the "Mad-
ison Papers" has failed to show that any mem-
ber of the Convention considered the census
in its scientific bearings. But they gave us an
instrument by which those ends can be reached.
" They builded wiser than they knew."
11 In pursuance of the requirements of the Con-
!j stitution, an act providing for an enumeration
;j of the inhabitants of the United States was
passed March 3, 1790.
As illustrating the growth of the American
census it is worth observing that the report of
the first census was an octavo pamphlet of fifty-
two pages, and that of 1800 a folio of seventy-
eight pages.
On the 23d of January, 1800, a memorial of
the American Philosophical Society, signed by
I Ihomas Jefferson as its president, was laid be-
, fore the Senate. In this remarkable paper, writ-
| ten in the spirit and interest of science, the
! memorialists prayed that the sphere of the cen-
I sus might be greatly extended ; but it does not
appear to have made any impression on the
Senate, for no trace of it is found in the annals
of Congress.
The-results attained by the first six censuses
were meager for tho purposes of science. That
of 1730 embraced population only, its single
schedule containing six inquiries. That of
1800 had only a population schedule with four-
teen inquiries. In 1810 an attempt was made
to superadd statistics of manufactures, but the
results were of no value. In 3820 the statistics
