1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4325
broad and liberal and fair construction rather
than see how we can narrow it down, of how we
can circumvent and thwart its consequences.
• The amendment as drawn by the committee
will embrace only a very few persons. It ex-
cludes all those pardoned by Mr. Johnson,
because those pardons were granted after the
war was oyer. No man laid down his arras
upon the faith of those pardons. They con-
tained 110 express promise of restoration of
property; and whatever may be their legal
effect they gave no offer that if men would fay
down their arms they should have their prop-
erty restored. The committee have confined
the amendment to men who in the midst of
the war laid down their arms and accepted the
terms offered by President Lincoln. They
regard that proclamation as a war measure,
designed to weaken and demoralize the enemy.
While they are ready, of course, to submit to
the judgment of the House, and to follow its
instructions, they have authorized me to make
this presentation of their reasons in support
of the amendment.
Mr. 110TCHKISS. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman this question : did the committee con-
strue that proclamation as not only restoring
property but giving parties a right of action
for property which may have been taken by
our forces during the war?
Mr. DAWES. So far as the offer contained
in that proclamation was accepted—so far as
rebels in arms laid down their arms and gave
their adhesion to the Government—wo havo
received on our side the benefit of the promise ;
and in the committee-room I was not disposed
to split hairs as to how little we could do to
carry out the spirit of the promise while adher-
ing to its letter. I think that those who took
advantage of the offer made by President Lin-
coln have a right to demand of us everything
which may fairly and reasonably be covered by
the term l! rights of property," in the language
of Mr. Lincoln's proclamation. I am not dis-
posed to say to them, "We will give you your
rights of property, but you may enforce them
as you can."
Mr. HOTCHKISS. The cotton claims do
not form the one thousandth part of the claims
sought to be forced into the Court of Claims.
Mr, DxiWES. In answer to that I will say
that all the claims this can apply to are the
claims to be paid from that fund. So new
man can go into the Court of Claims by it, be-
cause the statute of limitations cut them off
two years ago. It is only the pending cases in
the Court of Claims, and the legal effect will
be to apply only to that particular fund.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts deem it an interruption if I
should ask a question?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to make a sugges-
tion to the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and the point to "which I wish to
call the attention of the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts is this: the Senate amend-
ment provides that the acceptance in writing
by a person of a pardon, which states upon its
lace that the person pardoned has committed
acts of hostility against the Government, shall
bo conclusive evidence of the fact. Now, I
submit to the gentleman and to the House that
that is stating the case actually too strong
where pardons were in point of fact issued to and
accepted by persons at the time that business
was going on without any such fact existing,
and without, in truth, there being any necessity
for pardon for Anything the party had done. I
suggest that it should be prima fads evidence,
and unless there should be countervailing tes-
timony, should have the effect contemplated.
Mr. DAWES. I have no doubt the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee should
prevail if the Senate amendment should be
adopted; but I have only argued between the
Senate amendment and the substitute. 11 the
fj.euate. amendment prevails it should certainly
be modified as suggested, and with that modi-
fication it has this effect: it says the whole
thing of Johnson's pardons shall depend upon
their legal effect. We confine this to the
plighted faith by Mr. Lincoln, and we confine
it to that alone. I now yield to the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. BECK. Before the gentleman closes
the general debate, if he will allow me, I should
like to have fifteen or twenty minutes in which
to lay before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, wherein lie states
that some injustice has been done to him in
my remarks in reference to the clerks employed
under him.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to th<j gentleman
for that purpose, if he cannot do it under the
five-minutes rule. I shall be glad to yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. BUCK. It would be ruled out as not
pertinent under the five-minutes debate.
Mr, "WAKD. What amount does it take out
of the Treasury 1
Mr. DAWES. I am unable to state ; but no
mail can maintain his position in the Court of
Claims unless ho took that pardon before the war
closed. There are not many of them. There
are some, but how many I do not know. It
does not properly take anything out of the
Treasury, but only takes it out of the special
fund.
Mr. WARD. Will we have an opportunity
to vote separately on those amendments?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. WARD. Ts there not some ground of
approhenpion that when you permit men en-
gagediu the rebellion to get their claims through
and to take money out of the Treasury, is there
not some danger, when you commence this
thing, the time will come when the whole of
them will come in?
Mr. DAWliS. That is a question for each
man to decide for himself.
Mr. BOLES. Is provision made for the pay-
ment of the claims of loyal citizens? _
Mr. DAWES. They are not provided for
here. I now yield to my colleague ou the Com-
mittee of Appropriations, and I hope there will
be no objection to his making his statement.
Mr. NIBLACK. I concur in that wish.
There was no objection.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, I desire a few
moments principally becausc my attention has ^
been called by the Secretary of the Treasury in j
a letter to the remarks I made some time ago
relative to the number of employes in his De-
partment, in which he complains that some 01
lhe statements in the short speech made by me
ou this subject do hid Department injustice.
1 will ask that the communication be first read,
withholding any comments! may have to make
until that has been done.
The Clerk Tend as follows:
TltKASTJJlY DI?PAUTMEKT.
OiTICE of 'IIUJ SiCC'KETAKY, June 1,18<0.
Sir : In the conversation I had with you upon the
statements made in your spcerh published in the
Globe of the 18th instant, relative to the unl.twlul
employment of persons m the Treasury Department-,
1 stated that I had instituted an examination mtu
the matter, and that, I would communicate to you
the exact reauJfa. Thie I rim now prepared to do.
The investigation completed, on the 21 it ultimo
shows that there were at that tunc in the various
offices and bureaus of the Treasury Department
thirty-four hundred nnd two employes. Ot theso
eight hundred and fcixty-eigrhr. are employed m the
Bureau of Engraving and Printing; and under the
law their pay is chaiged to the loan account.
The remaining twenty-live hundred and thirty-four
person* employed in the different buie&us aro ac-
counted for as follows:
There ore specilic appropriations for- seventeen
hundred and fifty-two. Forty-live persons aro em-
ployed in the JJureau of under the act ot
July IB'-G. rifty-eight ppi^ns employed in the
internal revenue ouice are paid lro:si the detJcicncy
appropriation of the present year. Kienty-ono per-
sons are employed under the net 01 M:(y yi, Ijoo;
three personi under the act of July 18Gb: throe
under the act of jMarch t>. 18G3; and live hundred .ind
ninety-one persons are eiuployed in connection v-'itn
the u-sno and redemption of currcuny ana upon busi-
connected with thepublicloans. Ineso aropaid
from the fund created by the loan acts,
"Ibis statement accounts fot all the persons em-
ployed in the Treasury Department with the excep-
tion of one. Sinco the examination was made the
force in the Department has been reduced ono, or to
the number authorized by law and by the appro-
priations.
I ought to stato that tho number now employed,
excluding those in the Bureau of Engraving and
Printing, is ninety-three more than the number em-
ployed when iny annual report was prepared in
December last. This increase lias been made in the
Treasurer's office, andisdue to the additional amount
of'labor required in that office on account of tile iSfnte
of the now currency and tho redemption of tho old.
It ought also to bo observed that notwithstanding
this increase the number of employes in iKo
ury Department, excluding the Bureau of llnjjraviutf
and Printing, has boon reduced three hundred and
fourteen since my appointment as Secretary of tho
Treasury.
Very respectfully,
CffiOftGE s. bohi-well,
yyy^rciariu
lion. Jambs B. Beck,
House of Jiepresentatives, Washington, D, C.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, I thought it was
an act, of justice to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, against whom, as all will remember, 1
never lodged any personal complaint, that this
letter should be read, as he desired it should
bo, to explain why so many persons are em-
ployed in that Department beyond what the
book of estimates shows. We are furnished,
as every gentleman is aware, with a book of
estimates, which purports to give us the whole
amount of what is proposed to be expended by
the Government during the fiscal year to which
those estimates apply. In that book of esti-
mates only seventeen hundred and fifty-two
persons out of the thirty-four hundred and two
now employed in the Treasury Department
appear; sixteen hundred and fifty of them are
paid in ways wo know nothing of, and at prices
over which wo have no control. I said there
were thirty-three hundred and seventy-£ix;
tho Secretary says there are now thirty-four
hundred and two, or twenty-six more than £
alleged. If these sixteen hundred and fifty only
receive on an average the pay of the lowest
grade male clerk, their annual wages would
amount to §1,980,000.
I have all along complained, ever since I
havo been a member of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, of the fact that the Departments
of the Government and tho various bureaus of
the Departments kept all sorts of people em-
ployed, whose names never appear iu the book
of estimates, whom wo could not control, whose
pay wo could not proscribe; and that we were,
in fact, paying away millions upon millions of
dollars of which this House and the country
knew nothing, in addition to all that appears
in the book of estimates furnished to us.
Mr. DICKEY. 1 would ask the gentleman,
does the book of estimates profess to £ivc a
list of the employes, with the salariespaid them
by the Government, or does it simply give the
estimate for the annual appropriation i'
Mr. BECK. The book of estimates contains
no appropriation for these employes in any
shape or form. They are paid out of what is
known as the loan fund and other funds made
up of certain sums which the Secretary is au-
thorized to deduct out of all bonds sold and
apply to the payment of persons employed in
particular ways.
Sir. DICKEY. Is that embraced in tho book
of estimates?
Mr. BECK. Tho number over and above
seventeen hundred and fifty-two that are em-
braced in the book of estimates are not shown
anywhere, nor are their salaries fixed, nor do
we know anything- about them.
Mr. DICIvBY. Have they any business to
appear on the book of estimates ? Is there any
reason why the cost of tho clerks in the loan
office, who are paid out of the loan fund under
the current appropriation of Congress is tinet e
any reason why that expenditure s.ioukt Do
given in the book of estimates?
Mr. BECK. There is. This House and tho
country, 1 contend, ought to know what em-
ployes are in the service of the Departments,
and what price each is being paid, Ana when
