1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243?
does not come into direct competition with the
refined sugar. Under this bill, as proposed
by the committee, the refiner will pay a duty
of 2 cents a pound on 125 pounds of raw sugar,
or 2} cents a pound upon 100 pounds of refined
sugar. The tariff upon refined sugar is 4 cents
a pound, giving the refiner an absolute protec-
tion of li cent per pound. Now, the clarified
sugar is as intermediate grade between No. 12
and No. 15 Dutch, standard; and it is only im-
ported because it can be passed into the hands
of the grocer, to be used by the more moderate
people of our country, without going into the
hands of the refiner at all. The object of add-
ing this additional half cent is to prevent these
clarified sugars from coming in to take the
place of the refined sugars. Thus the whole
business is flirown into the handsof the refiners
of this country, and to this I am opposed.
Mr. SCHENCK. As regards the question
of the quality of the sugar, X reply to the gen-
tleman from Iowa hy referring to his own memo-
rial. Speaking of the kinds of sugar and the
diffex'ent modes of their manufacture, this me-
morial says:
"The instrumentalities arc, first, carbon filters, to
purify; second, thevacuunipan,to crystallize; third,
the centrilugal machine, or molds, to purge or wash."
What is tho definition of clarified sugar in
this bill?
"All sugar other than refined stove-dried which
lias in the process of manufacture been advanced in
quality above No. 12 Dutch standard in color by
being boiled, or crystallized in a vacuum pan, or
ciayed, or liquored in molds, or purged in centrifugal
machines, or by vacuum process, or filtered through
bone-black or its equivalent."
Thus the description of clarified sugar con-
tained in this schedule corresponds with the
sugar which the gentleman says is very differ-
ent from clarified sugar.
Now one word as to whether tho product of
this refining process is 77 per cent, or 73 per
cent, of the raw sugar. I hold in my hand a
document containing various matters before
the Committee of Ways and Means relating to
this subject—the memorial of the sugar re-
finers, the remonstrance of the importers, &c.
By this document it appears that tho process
produces SO pounds ot " 3 yellow sugar, No.
lo," and 43 pounds of "C yellow sugar,"
making in all 73 pounds out of the 100 as the
product of the process. This has been the
basis of my calculation. This is what I call
clarified sugar, and it is about clarified sugar
that we are now talking; not refined sugar.
I hold the gentleman to the definition as given
in tho memorial, which exactly corresponds
with the definition of clarified sugar which wo
give in this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. By order of tho House
all debate on the pending paragraph has now
terminated.
The amendment of Mr. Judd, as renewed by
Mr. Paine, was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Allisojt, to strike out, "3 cents" and in-
sert "2£ cents," as the duty on clarified sugar.
On agreeing to the amendment, there were—
ayes 06, noes '51.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Allison and
Mr. McCarthy were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 07, noes 05.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resuming the reading of the bill,
read as follows:
On refined, stove-dried, in loaf, lamp, cruslicd,
nowdered or granulated sugar, 4 cents per pound:
'Provided, That all sugar othor than refined stove-
dried which has m tho process of manufacture been
advanced in quality above No. 12 Dutch standard m
color, by being boiled, or crystallized m a vacuum
nan or clayed, or liquored m molds, or purged m
cuifriuig.u machines, or by vacuum process, or al-
tered through bone-black or its equivalent, shall oe
icgaided as clarified sugar: And provvlcti Jurther,
'i'li it tne Secictaiy ot the treasury t-haii, !>y regula-
tions pie^c-i lop ,hk1 require that the samvleb taken
to- inspectors shall bo froui the middleof Wopaiitap
so as to prct a truo fivevatfe quality, aft'l thai tlie
weights of sugar imported in easks or boxes shall be
marked distinctly by the custom-house weigher by
scoring the figures indelibly on each packago.
Mr. SCHENCK. By direction of the Com-
mittee of Ways and -Means, I move a substi-
tute for the paragraph just read. I suppose it
can be understood that this substitute shall
be adopted as the original text of the bill, and
shall then be open to amendment. The sub-
stitute is as follows:
On refined sugar, stove-dried, in loaf, lump,
crushed, powdered or granulated, 4 cents per pound:
Provided. That all susar other than refined stove-
dried which has been advanced in Quality above
No. 12 Dutch standard in color, hy being boiled in a
vacuum pan, or crystallized in a vacuum pan, or
clayed, or liquored in molds, or purged in centri-
fugal machines, or by vacuum process, or filtered
through bone-black or its equivalent, shall bo re-
garded as clarified sugar: Anavrovided further, That
tho Secretary of the Treasury shall, by regulations,
prescribe and requirothat samples shall bo taken by
inspectors so as to get a true average quality ; and
that the said samples beseverally preserved in glass
bottles and marked for future identification and ref-
erence; and that the weights of sugar imported ia
casks or boxes shall be marked distinctly by tho
eustom-houso weigher by scoring tho figures indeli-
bly on eaeh package.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I move to amend
the substitute by striking out this proviso :
Provided, That all sugar other than refined stove-
dried whieli has been advanced in quality abovo No.
12 Dutch standard in color, by being bailed or crys-
tallized in a vacuum pan, or clayed, or liquored in
molds, or purged in centrifugal machines, or by
vacuum process, or filtered through bone-black or
its equivalent, shall bo regarded as clarified sugar.
I call the attention of the committee to what
strikes me as a remarkable provision in this
bill. The preceding section, whioh has already
been adopted, provides that all raw or AIusco-
vado sugar shall be admitted under a tariff of
2 cents per pound. The committee will ob-
serve in the course of the argument it has been
explicitly and repeatedly stated much of this
sugar is above No. 12 Dutch standard, and
some of it, a very considerable part of it, is
as high as No. 20 Dutch standard. Now we
have this remarkable state of tkmgs proposed
in this substitute and also in the original bill:
it is proposed to levy a duty of 2J cents per
pound on all sugar manufactured by a given
process above No. 12 Dutch standard. The
result is this : the importer of sugar may bring
in sugar No. 20 Dutch standard at 2 cents per
pound duty, when another article of sugar,
only No. 13 Dutch standard, is required to
pay 2J cents per pound.
Now, sir, 1 have heard no reason for this
remarkable discrimination, and 1 imagine no
good reason can be given. It, is unfair. It is
a discrimination against a particular mode of
manufacture, and not a particular grade of
sugar. It occurs to me there would be as much
propriety in requiring all sugar produced on an
island to pay a higher rate of duty than that
produced on the mainland. It has as much
reason or there would be as much reason to
require a company that grinds its cane by
steam power to pay a higher duty than those
who grind it by mule power, or because of
any other senseless distinction which any per-
son can imagine.
I not only oppose this provision because it is
leveled against an improved manufacture, but
because it discriminates against the Pacific
coast. I call the attention of tho chairman
of the committee to the fact I am about to
state. This tariff ought to be made uniform
in its application, which it will not be if this
classification is retained in reference to the
Pacific coast. Now, on the Pacific coast, and I
call the attention of gentlemen to this fact, all
the sugar we use above No. 12 is cither granu-
lated sugar, which will come in at *1 cents, or
this particular kind of sugar, which must pay
21,- cents if above No. 12. How does that
street the Pacific coast ? In this way : your
farmers in New York, in New England, and
in the Mississippi valley may receive an article
of sugar worth 20 per cent, more than the arti-
cle wnich the farmer in Oregon consumes and
pay only 2 cents duty, while the farmer in Ore-
! gon. receiving an inferior artiele, must pay a
duty of 2\ cents. I say there is no fairness in
that. It is not fair to the consumers of the
Pacific coast and not, fair to the manufacturer.
J will next call attention to the argument used
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Ltkoh.J
and it is that this method of clarifying sugar is
an improved method of clarifying sugar, and
therefore it ought to be taxed higher. Are not
the people of the country to get the benefit of
improved manufacture?
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman misunder-
stood me.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I understood that
to be the course of the gentleman's remarks.
It is a new method of manufacture. It is an
improved method. It is not clarifying, it is not
refining. I say it is unfair to the Paeifie coast
to impose a duty of 2} cents per pound on
inferior sugar and to let a superior article come
in at 2 cents per pound.
MESSAGE intO-M the PRESIDES^.
The committee informally rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
was received from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Hoiiacb Porter, one of his
secretaries, notifying the House that he had
approved and signed bills and a joint resolu-
tion of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 840) to amend an act
entitled "An act for the relief of Alexander J.
Atooha," approved 14th February, 1865;
An act (Ufc. K. No. 1598) to facilitate the
administration of justice in the State of Texas;
and
A joint resolution (S. B. No. 218) express-
ing the sympathy of Congress at the death of
Major General George II. Thomas.
mussagb from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamt.ix,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment a joint resolu-
tion (H. It. No. 234) directing an inquiry into
the loss of tho United States steamer Oneida.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution (S. No. 168) ex
planatory of tho provisions of the fourth article
of the treaty of February 23, 18G7, with tbe
Shawnee, Quapaw, and other Indians; in
which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
tariff bill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
tho Union resumed its session.
Mr. SCHENCK. I should be at some loss
to know what would be the duty on the sugar
described in the clause which the gentleman
proposes to strike out, if his amendment should
prevail. The bill would then stand: "Ofiiall
raw or Muscovado sugar, and on all other
sugars not above No. 12 Dutch standard in
color, 2 cents per pound; on clarified sugar, 2}
cents per pound; on refined sugar, stove-dried,
in loaf, lump, crushed, powdered, or granu-
lated, 4 cents per pound." It certainly would
not be the refined sugar according to the. de-
scription given here. It certainly would not
be raw or Muscovado sugar. And it might or
might not be taken as clarified sugar. _ If it
were so taken it would be at the discretion of
the custom-house officer, with nothing in the
world to define it. For precaution, therefore,
we have not only defined what refined sugar is,
as "stove-dried, in loaf, lump, crushed, pow-
dered, or granulated," but we have defined
what the clarified sugar is. Now, I think -
understand where the point of difference be-
tween tho gentleman and myself is, and where
the noint consists which relates to the manu-
facture of sugar in the Sandwich Islands.
I Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman allow
me to put a question? _
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr SAHGENT. I will ask the gentleman
whether he has any objection to allow after the
word "equivalent," in line twenty-eight, the
words "or any other process?' 1ms wul
show that this is not intended to be a dtscnrn-
