THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
of tbe House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 789) to authorize the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle
and close the account of Hinton Rowan Helper;
A bill (S. No. 803) to establish an additional
larid district in the State of Kansas;
A bill (EL R. No. 2000) to declare the con-
struction of section fifty-five of an act entitled
i 4 An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and^to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," approved June 3, 18G4, and of acts
amendatory thereof, and to amend the same ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2311) granting a pension
to Enoch Lytle;
A bill (II. R. No. 2235) granting a pension
to Francis M. Davis ;
A bill (II. II No. 562) to amend an act
granting the right of way to ditch and canal
owners over the public lands, and for "Other
purposes ;
A bill (IT. R. No. 1714) to revise, consolid-
ate, and amend the statutes relating to patents
and copyrights;
A bill (H. R. No. 1987) to define the duties
of pension agents, to prescribe the manner of
paying pensions, and for other purposes ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 355) granting
four pieces of condemned cannon to the city
of Lowell, for the ornamentation of the sol-
diers' monument in that place.
FUNDING KILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that yesterday the President pro tempore
was authorized to appoint a conference com-
mittee on the funding bill on the part of the
Senate. The Senator fx ora Rhode Island, who
was President.pro tempore, did not appoint that
conference committee. If there be no objec-
tion the Chair will now appoint it. [''Agreed!"]
The Chair appoints the Senator from Ohio,
Mr. Sherman, the Senator from Massachu-
setts, Mi\ Sumni:r, and the Senator from
Kentucky, Mr. Davis, as the conferees on
the part of'the Senate on the bill (8. No 380)
commonly known as the funding bill.
NE\VOULK\SB AND M01ULE RAELR0AD MUDGKS.
Mr. SPENCER. T wish to make an explan-
ation and a motion. To-day lias been assigned
to the Committee on Commerce for the consid-
eration of the river and haibor bill. Before
the Senate proceeds to the consideration of that
bill, I de.iire to Uke up Senate bill No. 878,
which is a matier of pressing importance.
It concerns the draw-bridges of the New
Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad
Company, which are seriously interfering with
the commerce of the streams leading into the
Gulf of Mexico and the mouth of the Missis-
sippi river. I am sure it will not take five
minutes to read the bill and pass it. Certainly
there will be no objection to it. It is a matter
of pressing importance, and I ask the Senator
10 jicld. It is a bill that comes from his com-
mittee, and with which he is familiar. I am
sure it will not take five minutes to pass the
bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am very sorry that I
cannot yield to ny friend from Alabama. 1
am in favor of his bill, and will aid him in
passing it; but there have been numerous
applications of thi same description, which I
have declined in every instance. I cannot give
way now, I regret to say.
^ The^ VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan declines to yield, and it requires
unanimous consent or the postponement of
the river and harbor bill to take up the bill
indicated by the Senator from Alabama.
Mr. SPENCER. I move, then, to postpone
the river and harbor bill, for the purpose of
taking up this bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
GSORflK FISHER.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury ; which was read, re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Treasury Department
Office op the Secretary,
July 6,1870.
- Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of a resolution of the Senate under date of June 26,
as follows:
" Resolved^ That the Secretary of the Treasury in-
form the Senate what amount has been paid at the
Treasury on the claim of George Fisher's represent-
ative, for the use and destruction of property in tbe
Creek Indian war, giving the amount and date of
each payment."
The records of the Treasury Department show that
under an act approved April 12, 18-18, the Second
Auditor of the Treasury was authorized and required
"to eximine and adjust the claims of the legal rep-
resentatives of George Fisher, deceased." Under
this act the following allowances and payments were
made: April 22, 1848, $8,873; December 30, 1848,
$8,7CJ7 94; May 12,1849, £>10,004 89; or in all the sum
of $27,675 83.
On the 22d of December, 1854, an act of Congress
was approved by which the Second Auditor ot the
Treasury was directed to reexamine the case of
George Fisher, and to allow the claimants the benefit
of testimony which had been rejected by the Second
Auditor for the want of authentication.
Mr. Guthrie, then Secretary of the Treasury, ex-
pressed the opinion, that no further.suin was due
upon the claim of Fisher, and no action was taken
by the Second Auditor. A copy of Mr. Guthrie's let-
ter is inclosed. By a resolution of June 3,1858, the
duties imposed upon the Auditor by the act of De-
cember 22,1854, were transferred to the Secretary of
War. who was directed "to proceed de novo to exe-
cute the same in their plain and obvious meaning."
On the 2d day of October, 1858, the Secretary of War
made a decision, in which he allowed for the prop-
erty destroyed the sum of $18,101. lie also allowed
interest from the respective dates when the prop-
erty was destroyed *o October 2, 1858, for the sum
of $48,799 mnking a total of $66,903 33.
From t his total he deducted the amounts previously
allowed by the Sccond Auditor, together with inter-
est from the time when the several sums of money
had been paid to October 2,1858, making a total ot
$14,022 05; and showing a balance in favor of the
claimants of 822,881 28. This amount was also paid
by tho Treasury Department.
Upon an appeal made by tho representative of
Fisher, November 11, 1858, the Secretary of War
reconsidered his decision, and on tho 30th day of
November of that year ruled that the principle on
which ho had ordered the charging of interest on tho
payments made by the Second Auditor was errone-
ous, and that£16,34(5 22thuscharged asinterestshould
bo refunded to the claimants. This amount was also
psnd.
Tho aggregate payments, therefore, on account of
tins claim nro 60'o,%3 33.
i>y a joint resolution, apprnvod June 1, 1360, the
Secretary of War was authorized and required to
revise his execution of tho act ot 1858; and to re-
>-tatc and nettle tho account as in his opinion justice
to flu- claimants should require.
Under this resolution Mr. Floyd, then Secretary
of War, made a decision allowing the further sum
of £00,519 85. llis decision was transmitted to the
Third Auditor; but before payment was made the
resolution of .June 1,1860, was rescinded by the reso-
lution approved March 2,1801; and all pioceedings
in tho Treasury Depaitraerit wove ihen suspended.
Upon the passage of the last-mentioned resolution
the legal representatives of George Fisher, by peti-
tion to the Court of Chums, sought to obtain a judg-
ment for the further allowance of $06,519 85. Upon
a hearing of the case, (a full reportof which is found
in the first volume of the Court of Claims Reports,)
the prayer of the petitioners was denied.
Sonator Davis of Kentucky having called the
attention of the Senate to alleged delay on the part
of tho Secretary of the Treasury in replying to this
letter, dated Saturday, the 18th of June, and also to
the delay of the Department in replying to the reso-
lution of the Senate of the 29th of June, I think it
proper to make a statement of tho facts as far as they
are known to me.
It was oi 1 y miioc tho remarks of tho honorable
Senator weie reported to mo that I was aware of the
fact that he had addressed the Department upon the
subject of the claim of the representatives of George
Fisher. Senator Davis's letterof ihelSth ultimo was
on Tuesday, tho 21st ultimo, referred by the chief
clerk of the Treasury Department to tbe Second
Auditor of tho Treasury upon the supposition that
the papers in question were in charge of that officer.
The history of the ease, as detailed in this communi-
cation, shows that the papers were originally in the
bureau of the Second Auditor. An examination of
tho records of his office disclosed the fact that, the
papers had been referred to the Department of War,
aud on the 25th ultimo the Second Auditor addressed
a letter to the Secretary of War, requesting the re-
turn of the settlement of the claim ot George Fisher,
deceased, and referring to those settlements by date
and number. A copy of the Second Auditor's letter
is herewith transmitted.
The chief clerk of the WarDepartmcnt, as appears
from his indorsement on the letter of the Second
Auditor, informed that officer that the papers in the
Fisher case were on file in tho Third Auditor's office.
On tbe 28th ultimo, ibis fact was communicated to
the Third Auditor by the Second Auditor, as appears
by his letter of that date, a copy of which is also
inclosed.
Mr. Jones, a clerk in the Third Auditor's office, was
directed to search for the papers; but failed to find
them. It appearsuponinvestigation, that Mr.Stet-
son, another elork in the Third Auditor's office, had
on the 16th of June, loaned these papers to Mr.
Potts, chief clerk of the War Department. The
papers were returned by Mr. Potts to Mr. Stctson 
on the 22d or 23d of June; and the latter, knowing
that the subjectwasunder consideration in Congress,
retained the papers upon his own desk that they i
might be at hand when called for. Mr. Jones being  
ignorant ot this fact, was thus led to make a report
to the chief clerk of the Third Auditor's office on the
29th ultimo, (as appears from the indorsement of the
latter under that date, upon the letter of the Second
Auditor of the 28th ultimo.) that the papers were
not in the Third Auditor's office.
On the 30th of June the error was discovered.
The resolution of the Senate was received on tho
29th of June and referred to the Third Auditor. On
Saturday the 2d of July the Third Auditor made a
report to the Secretary of the Treasury of the facta
in the case.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
GEOitGE S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Vice President of the United States.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 2092)
making appropriations for the repair, preserva-
tion, and completion of certain public works on
rivers and harbors, and for other purposes, for
the fiscal year ending June 80, 1871.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee onCom*
merce, having had the bill in charge, have
examined it very carefully in connection with
the committee of the other House, who have
had it under consideration for some two or
three months; and while there are undoubt-
edly many very worthy things that I should like
to put upon the bill, the committee finally con-
cluded to report the House bill without any
amendment whatever. It is the most judicious
distribution of the funds in connection with the
wants of commerce that the committee has
been able to make, and 1 shall ask the Senate
to stand by the bill as it is, and to pass it as
it is.
Mr. SAWYER. There is an amendment on
the tuble, I believe, offered by me, which I
submitted last night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Drake
in the chair.) The amendment of the Senator
from South Carolina will be read.
The Chief Clerk. After line one hundred
and twenty-five of section one, it is moved to
insert:
For removing obstructions in Town creek, neai
Charleston, South Carolina, $7,500.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 have a communication
from the engineer department in reference to
the subject treated in the amendment. Town
creek is a small creek that makes into Cooper
river about two miles above Charleston. It
is the site on which the old ship John Adams
was built. The obstructions there consist
of an old dry-dock and one or two vessels
which were sunk there at the close of the
rebellion. They are a serious obstruction to
the navigation of this stream, on the banks of
which are wharves which are used for loading
the deposits of phosphate of lime, to which
allusion has been made by me in the Senate
before, on board of vessels sailing for foreign
and domestic ports, it is desired to remove
these obstructions. With a view to that end,
some time in autumn of last year a survey
was ordered by the Secretary of War, and
was made ; and the estimates of $7,500 were
made as sufficient to remove these obstruc-
tions. I hope there will be no objection to
the amendment being adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the amendment
will not be voted in. I trust the Senate will
stand by the report of the committee. Un-
doubtedly it is a worthy thing, if we commence
making additions at all$ but I wish to keep
the bill free of amendments.
Mr. SAWYER. Since the chairman of the
