480
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
[June 6,
Ho. of Reps.
Education—Mr. Hoar.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
university and the tendency of a complete and
generous education to draw closer the bonds
of Union. He says:
"Among tho motives to such an institution, the
assimilation of the principles, opinions, and manners
of onr countrymen by the common education of a
portion of our youth from every quarter, well do-
serves attention. The more homogeneous our citizens
can bo made in these particulars tho greater will be
our prospect of permanent Union."
To these, the first and last formal acts of his
civil administration, to the impressive admoni-
tions of the Farewell Address, is added the
emphatic declaration of his will, •' of his ardent
wish to see a plan devised, on a liberal scale,
which would have a tendency to spread sys-
tematic ideas through all parts of this rising
empire, thereby to do away local attachments
and State prejudices, so lar as the nature of
things would and indeed ought to admit, from
our national councils." In furtherance of this
object, he devises fifty shares of the Potomac
company toward the endowment of a national
university. He had, in a communication to
tho Federal District commissioners, previously
fixed upon a site in this city for this object,
which is the same now occupied by the National
Observatory.
Congress, so far as I can learn, has done
nothing to accomplish this, tho groat livingand
dying wish of Washington. Lot us remember
that he spoke to our generation as to his own.
Every year thai the accomplishment of his cher-
ished wish is deferred is a new disobedience and
a new ingratitude. Perhaps in tho mysteri-
ous providence of God the realization of the
dream of Washington has been deferred until
the enfranchised race, whose enslavement he
lamented, could be admitted to their share of
the light of knowledge. To our endless shame
be it spoken, the legacy bequeathed by Wash-
ington to his country for purposes of national
education wns suffered to revert negleetcd to
his estate, while'the command which, to use
the language of his will, he did '' most positively
and most, solemnly enjoin should in every part
thereof be religiously fulfilled, without eva-
sion, neglect, or delay,'' that his emancipated
slaves should bo taught to read and write, was
disobeyed, because a compliance with it was
prohibited by law.
Mr. Speaker, if the blessings of -union bo
objects of desire to men in proportion as they
are intelligent, surely education is tho strongest
bond of a union which is to depend for its
endurance on the attachment of tho people.
While the diversities ofcharacter and of opinion
caused by pursuits, climate, race, interests,
are to have their full natural operation, let us
not add to them the estrangement of feeling
occasioned by ignorance.
TO ritOMOTI! TH« OKNlitt.VJ. WEUMKE.
Congress has power to lay and collect taxes,
to pay the debts, and provide for the common
defense and general welfare. Amongthegrand
objects of national care always have been reck-
oned agriculture and manufactures. There
have been differences of policy, differences of
economic theories, differences of constitutional
construction ; but from the first inaugural ad-
dress of Washington until to-day all states-
men and all parties are agreed that this nation
shall, in all its policy, have regard to these lead-
ing interests. We have established a Bureau
of Agriculture with an annual appropriation
of $175,000. Wo distribute the agricultural
reports at an annual expense of $147,115 51.
Large^ grants of the public lands have been
from time to time made to endow institutions for
instruction in sciences which relate to agricul-
ture. It is not too much to say that agricu Itural
competition hereafter is to be a competition
of science and mechanical inventions and pro-
cesses, to which educated, intelligent over-
sight is indispensable. The vast fields of the
West and South are not hereafter to yield their
harvests to unskilled, unassisted drudgery of
human muscles or animal labor. New labor-
savieg machinery is toplantand till and gather
the crops from soil which the skill of the chem-
ist has chosen and prepared. The infinite corn-
fields above, the infinite coal fields below, are
to yield to the touch of science their treasures
of wealth. Without dwelling on this theme,
let me quote a few passages from one of the
ablest and wisest State papers of the present
year, the recent report of the commissioners
of immigration to the General Assembly of the
State of Louisiana:
"The commissioners of immigration cannot but
express their opinion in this connection that tho
proper training and education of the present labor in
the State, the introduction of better methods of agri-
culture and of improved implements, would not only
enormously increase lier products, but would also be
equivalent to the immediate introduction of many
thousands of immigrants.
"The colored laborers of Louisiana, who perform,
of course, tho greater part of the work, are precisely
wliatthoy havobeen taught to be. The fault of want
of skill is not theirs, but that of the whito race. And
our planters and farmers, notwithstanding their ac-
knowledged energy and intelligence, are far behind
manyothor and loss favored portions of the world in
the scienco and art of agriculture.
"There is no denying tho faot that the average farm
laborer of Louisiana is unequal in skill and training
to tho avcrago farm laborer of tho North and of
Europe. That tho product of his labor is in some
instances groater results from tho fact that the culti-
vation of sugar and cotton is, or at least should be,
more profitable than that of wheat and corn. Farm
wages have boon for this reason considerably higher
in tho North.
" The avcrago of tho annual loss and wear and
tear of stock, implements, cS:i\, oil cotton and sugar
plantations must be from twenty to thirty per cent,
of their original value, white on northern farms it is
scarcely ten per cent,. Tho skilled laborofthoNort.il,
trained to the uso of tho best implements, enables
tho possessor of a great tract of land to cultivate it
with almost as much economy as he coutd a few
acres. Who, on tho other hand, does not know in
Louisiana of many planters working great gangs of
hands who have failed, while farmers in the same
neighborhood, koeping their few men snug in hand,
and saying to them "Come on" instead of" Go on''
have prospered?
" Astonishing as it may seem, two fifths of all tho
sugar actually raised in Louisiana are thrown away
in consequence of tho imperfect method of extract-
ing the saccharine matter from tho cane. Baron
Liobig recently said to tho president of tho board,
fcio long as you manufacture c-ano sugar in tho
present wasteful mannor tho competition of boet
sugar will bo successful. But if tho best method of
extracting tho saccharine matter wero adopted tho
competition would fail.'
"Louisiana possesses incomparable advantages
for producing rice, yet thcro nro scarcely two rico
threshing-machines in tho Stats—nearly tho whole
of tho crop being beaten out in n, tedious and expens-
ive way by liaiul, or with creolo ponies. Almost
tho same thing may be said of the cotton cull tiro,
livery competent judge knows that tho sale of im-
proved implements is nothing compared with what
it should bo.
"Tho rotation of crops, a fundamental principle
which has done more to advance agriculture, has in
fact done more toward feeding and propagating tho
human race than all tho other agricultural discov-
eries combined, is practically unknown in Louis-
iana. Tho test of good farming or good planting is
to a certain extentgood crops, but chietly the contin-
ued improvement of the soil cultivated. Judged by
this standard, how is it in Louisiana? Even in tho
delta of tho Mississippi the old sugar plantations,
croppcd successively with eano perhaps fifty years,
do not give half the original yield. The cotton plant-
ations are "skinned' year after year until nature
refuses to honor the draft upon her abused bounty.
Lho yield of cotton in Louisiana is scarcely two hun-
dred and fifty pounds per acre, whereas it has re-
peatedly bcenshown that our own worn-out uplands,
with proporcultiv.itionand the uso of fertilizers, can
bo made to vio.M front cigbtto twelve hundred pounds
per acre. What makes the matter worse since the
war, the cotton seed, the cheapest and best fertilizer
!u Louisiana, and which formerly was sent back to
the fields as manure, is now converted into oil, or
shipped to Europe along with tho cotton as oil cake.
... * Vu Americans have taught us how to do many
things besides building monitors,' said a prominent
grain merchant of Liverpool, as he conducted the
president of tho board through the great grain ele-
vator, erected after an American model, at an expense
of soveral hundred thousand dollars. When the presi-
dent spoke of tho great interest manifested by tho
laboring classes of Great Britain, and especially of
Ireland, in. the educational question, a gentleman
remarked, ' Every letter that comes from our emi-
grants settled in the States says, " Educate, educate,
educate 1' Many of our pooplo look forward to emi-
grating, and want education in order to bo successful
in America."
M. do Loveleye, in the Rcvcu des Deux
Mondes for September, 1868, attributes the great
advance made by Prussia in agriculture, first—
"To the complete system of general education
throughout the rural districts;"
And second—
" To the technical instruction provided, not only
for tho manufacturing and mechanic classes, but for
the agriculturist's." "The great secret of tho success
or Prussian agriculture is diffused education and tech-
nical instruction."
NATIONAL EDUCATION T3fE TRUE PROTECTIVE SYSTEM.
Upon this ground surely the free-trader and
protectionist can unite. No American states-
man will be unwilling to give to the American
workman the advantage in the great, indus-
trial competition of mankind which results
from superiority of knowledge. Upon this
superiority is to depend hereafter the success
of nations in manufactures and the mechanic
arts, and what that success brings with it,
wealth, navigation, commerce, and military
and naval power. One of the most thoughtful
men of the present day, Dr. Lyon Playfair, the
eminent chemist, gives this weighty testimony:
" With the improvement of locomotion, tho value
of raw material as an element of manufacture is
decreasing, while the value of skill and intelligence
is increasing."
The day of the weaver at his loom, the shoe-
maker at his last, the blacksmith at his anvil,
the laborer with his spade, is fast passing by.
In their stead the laborer in the republic of
the future is to wield larger powers and govern
a wider and a nobler realm. By virtue of his
knowledge of the laws and principles which
regulate the operation of the mechanical pow-
ers, and lie at the foundation of complicated
machinery ; which relate to the navigation of
the seas, the smelting and refining of metals,
tho complication and improvement of soils, the
reduction to a uniform whiteness of the vege-
table fiber, the mixture and application of
colors, the motion and pressure of fluids in
large masses, the properties of light and heat,
the laws of magnetism, electricity, and galvan-
ism, the strength and durability of metals,
their powers ol penetration and defense, econ-
omy of fuel, chemistry of soil, composition of
minerals, man is hereafter to traverse the sea.
to till the earth, to gather and exchange its
products, to build canals, railroads, steam-
engines, to work mines, and convert the crude
product of the surface and the mine into
unnumbered articles of use, of comfort, and
of taste.
The last fifteen years have witnessed perhaps
the most remarkable revolution which has taken
place in the industries of mankind, and which
has occasioned a degree of excitement and of
alarm in England scarcely surpassed by her
dread in 18G0 of an invasion by Napoleon. She
was rudely awakened from tho haughty dream
of contemptuous superiority in which she had so
long indulged by the Paris exposition of 18G7.
In 1851, sixteen years before, at the World's
Fair held in London, the palm of excellence
above all her competitors had been adjudged
to England in nearly all the grand departments
into which the exhibition was divided. In 18G7,
out of between ninety and a hundred depart-
ments. superiority was adjudged to her in only
ten. You can well imagine,"Mr. Speaker, the
alarm which that fact, when it dawned upon the
jurors and other representatives of England,
and on the minds of her manufacturers at home,
created. The English jurors and exhibitors
held several meetings at the Louvre Hotel, and
with one accord they expressed the opinion
that the cause of the inferiority of England is
the better scientific education given to the arti-
sans of the continent by the recently introduced
technical schools.
The report made to Parliament by the com-
missioners, and published among the British
parliamentary documents for 1868, contains
testimony on this subject from English jurors
and other persons of the highest authority.
