3882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
of tin and the articles of which tin is a com-
ponent part are kept up to the old standard
and in fact raised, as in this instance, 83|
per cent.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman in-
form the committee to what extent tin is mined
on the western coast, because upon that in-
formation, I presume, depends the action of
some of us on the article of tin.
Mr. AXTELL. A gentleman writing to me
upon the subject, says:
"The San Jacinto tin mines of California have
been opened and developed to such an extent that
thousands of tons of iirst-class tin ore lie in sight,
ready to be broken down when the necessary machin-
ery shall be erected for stampiDS and working the
same. .
" I have personally attended and supervised the
opening up of this property, and can speak under-
standing^ about the matter. I havo caused to be
extracted and worked a considerable quantity of
ore, and can show as the result of my labors several
thousand pounds of American tin in pigs or bars,
and of the very best quality, a sample of which,
weighing eighty-two pounds, will be laid before you
in a few days."
This is in San Bernardino county, in the
southern portion of the State of California. I
only allude to this incidentally, although I will
now express th« hope, as we are able as a
people probably to produce onr own tin, that
it will not be placed on the free list, but will
receive the protection that it has had hereto-
fore. But at this point it is certainly in the
interest of the people that the articles pro-
duced from tin should beat least brought back !l
to the old standard, which is my motion, 2 i|
cents a pound. 1
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I am very
glad that the gentleman from California has !
brought this subject to the attention of the !
Honse even at this early moment. When the
Committee of Ways and Means placed tin in
pigs and blocks npon the free list no member
of it had any information as to the tin develop-
ments in California. I cannot speak for the
whole committee, but I can for one or two
members of it with whom I have conversed,
and it is not our purpose to press the mainte-
nance of tin in pigsand blocks on the free list,
since it has become apparent to us that there
i? a real development of the article there. I
think the duty on pewter, the present clause,
had better remain as it is already in the bill of
the Committee, as a means of stimulating the
development of a mineral which we have hith-
erto been wholly nnable to produce, and for
which we export annually $8,000,000 in gold.
Nothing could be more gratifying to those in-
terested in the general industries of the coun-
try than that we should become independent
in the matter of tin. The intelligence of the
development of tbi3 mine in San Bernardino
county, California, and the fabrication from it
of tin plates and other articles, is a matter of
great interest to the committee, and will, I am
sure, induce them to nnite with the gentleman
in taking block tin off the free list. I now
yield to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means.-
Mr. SCHE.NOK. I desire merely to gay that
I can understand why the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Axtell,] since the recent devel-
opment of the production of tin in his State,
should desire to have tin taken from the free
list. But I do not understand why he should
object ,to the duty being slightly increased upon
pewter, when it is also for the protection of
their tin( Now, Britannia andall manufactures
of Britannia or pewter are placed at 35 percent.
ad valorem, and we gave that just as it ia now.
But when we came to the raw article, made up
of the forCign tin and zinc, weslightly increased
the duty npon that, which is in favor of the
very interest which the gentleman represents.
Therefore it is that I say I can understand why
he should wish to have tin taken from the free
list and protected, but I cannot understand
why he should «M>t wish protection also against
foreign pewter made of foreign tin and zinc.
Mr. AXTELL. I thonght it unreasonable,
as the Committee of Ways arid Means had
placed pig tin on the free list; to raise the price
of articles manufactured of tin.
Mr. SCHEN CK. It was thought for a long
time that tin could not be produced in the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. AXTELL. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I renew the
amendment for the purpose of saying a few
words in reference to this discovery of tin in
connection with pewter. In all other coun-
tries but ours it is considered a great blessing
to have discovered some new thing, to have
found out some new metal, to have discovered
some new raw material, some new native pro-
duct. But composed as this House is, it is a
calamity ever to find out a new thing, to make
a new invention or a new discovery, i referred
in a long speech I made the other day to the
discovery of teasels in the district of my hon-
orablefriend from Onondaga, [Mr, McCarthy,]
which would have been upon the free list, so
that all the manufacturers of this country would
have been benefited, but for the unfortunate
discovery of teasels in my colleague's happy
district.
Now, because of the discovery of tin in San
Bernardino county, California, every tin plate,
every tin can, every tin kettle, every tin con-
cern of every kind throughout the whole of the
United States is now to be taxed ; and we are
informed by some of the members of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means that hereafter every
workman who goes daily to his work with his
tin pail containing his dinner is to pay a duty
to a few workers of tin in San Bernardino
county, in the State of California.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question at this point?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] aware that accord-
ing to the argument of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] taxing an article
only decreases its price? [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. That is the argument of
the gentleman from New York himself, as will
be seen by referring to the printed pamphlet
copy of his speech.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then put a
duty on everything, and everything will be
cheaper. Turn Chinese barbarian, tax every-
thing from another country, and we will then
have reached the acme of civilization.
I am sorry my friend from California [Mr.
Axtell] has constituents who have discovered
tin. But is it necessary, in order to protect
his constituents interested in that article from
a competition which can only reach them by
going around the Cape; is it necessary that the
hardy laborers of California should be protected
by having every tin kettle, every tin plate, and
every tin can throughout the United States
taxed for the benefit of a few capitalists in San
Bernardino county, California?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. AXTELL. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman >m New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] and I desire to say that it has been
my misfortune through Lte, perhaps, to have a
great deal of tenacity.
Mr. COX, (in his seat.) Tin-acity, eh?
[Laughter.]
Mr. AXTELL. When a boy I learned from
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
some suggestions in relation to the protection
of home industry, and it has been difficult for
me at once to get rid of those early impres-
sions which I derived from his teaching. In
all fairness and candor I called the attention
of the Committee of the Whole to the fact that
tin was on the freelist, while the manufactures
of tin were paying a high duty, I suppose we
are to raise from the tariff a certain sttm of
money. We imported last year, up to June
30, tin to the value of $10,300,000, the sheet
tin amounting to $7,000,000 and the pig tin to
$3,300,000. The pig tin paid to the Govern-
ment a duty of 15 per cent. Now, my honor-
able friends on the Democratic side of the
House—and I love to act with the Democrats-
I have acted with them all my life whenever I
could—all acknowledge the propriety of levy-
ing duties for revenue.
When we had under consideration the duties
upon tea and coffee my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Marshall,] and my colleague, [Mr. John-
son,] all declared their willingness to impose
a duty upon these articles, because it did not
benefit any particular interest, because it was
strictly a revenue duty. They said, "We
must have revenue, and we may as well col-
lect it on tea and coffee, because from these
duties nobody will get any stealings." Now,
why not, on the same principle, impose a duty
for the sake of revenue upou block tin? Why
not impose a duty on the three or four milliou
dollars' worth of block tin which we are im-
porting into the country annually? Why should
this article be put on the free list? Certainly
not to please the Democracy, and I eannot see
how it can please the tariff men.
In my former remarks I called attention to
the condition of this matter: that we have been
levying a duty on the manufactured article and
letting the article from which it is made come
infree. Yetmy venerable friend, [Mr. Brooks,
of New York,] who in his latter days comes in
here to teach us Democracy, accuses me of ad-
vocating strange doctrine. He says that because
there is a tin mine in San Bernardino county,
California, therefore all his poor constituents
who eat their meals from tin plates must pay a
tax to the workers in the mines of California.
We want no such tax. I have yet to hear the
complaints of the poor that their tin plates cost
them too much. The trouble is they do not get
regular work and good wages. Give to the work-
ing men steady employment at reasonable wages
and you will hear no complaint from thera.
They do not complain of the price of such
articles as these. The gentleman who lives
in his palatial mansion and rides through the
street in his carriage behind his fast horses is
the one who complains about paying the duty
on tin plate. We of the coast of California are
not begging for any protection for our mines.
If we have a tin mine, as we believe we have,
and the only one worked in the world outside
of Great Britain, the fact of its possession is
wealth enough; but you must have revenue;
and, according to the reasoning advanced on
both sides of the House, why not raise a por-
tion of it upon tin?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COVODE. I move to amend by mak-
ing the duty 40 cents per pound. I wish to
say a word in regard to the necessity of ad-
mitting tin at a lower rate of duty, with the
view of encouraging the manufacture of tin
plate in this country. An Englishman of
great wealth has come to this country, bring-
ing machinery, and has established a manufac-
tory of tin plate in Pennsylvania, on the line
between my district and that of my colleague,
[Mr. Phelps.] He has commenced making
tin plate such as was exhibited in the House
a few days ago. He has come before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and asked that tin
may be allowed to be imported duty free. He
says that if he were allowed to get his material
without paying duty on it he would not ask
Congress for any protection on tin plate. He
has a large amount of machinery of the finest
quality, and is to-day making tin plate equal
to any manufactured in Europe. AH he asks
is that his material may be permitted to come
in free.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I should have had
something to say upon this tariff question
before this time had I not been satisfied that
the country has become disgusted with the
whole discussion that is going on here on this
question. I have been out among the people,
and I know how they feel on this question.
This is the reason, too, why it is so hard to get
a quorum in this House. The House is dis-
gusted, as the country is. We have begun at
