2488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
ination against the process, but if by any pro-
cess it reaches a certain standard the law will
operate equally.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think I can suggest a
better mode of arriving at that than the gentle-
man proposes ; but I do not offer it as from
the committee. The clause stood originally—
"Provided, That all sugar o th or tliau refined st.ove-
dried which has in the process of manufacture been
advanced in quality," &c.
This wo found to be wrong upon investiga-
tion ; for we considered we ought to encourage
the use of the vacuum pans in the process of
clarifying sugar, so as to advance the sugar iu
the o'riginal manufacture as far as wo can.
Now, 1 would not only strike out the words
which the committee propose to strike out, but
1 would insert iu lieu of them the words '' sub-
sequent to the original process of manufac-
ture so that it will read, "that all sugar
other than refined stove-dried which has sub-
sequent to the original process of manufacture
been advanced in quality," &c.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I ask the gentle-
man whether he is aware of the fact that this
is precisely the way in which the sugar is man-
ufactured in the Sandwich Islands'? It is not
made of tho quality it is by any subsequent
process.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is just what I say,
and 1 would prefer to have the same thing in
our own country. I think it would bo a good
thing if you could induce the manufacturers to
use the vacuum pan in the manufacture, so as
to turn out refined sugar which would need no
further refining. Therefore—not speaking for
the committee, which merely struck out the
words '"in tho process of manufacture"—I
would go further, and put in the words " sub-
sequent to the original process of manufac-
ture." And that, I think, would be a clear
provision of law which would encourage, in
fact, the making of fine sugar by introducing
vacuum pans at the sugar-houses, and allow it
also to come in, provided it was advanced in
quality in the original process of manufacture,
as a raw sugar.
Mr. LYNCH. I would ask the chairman of
the committee how it would be possible to
determine whether the sugar that came in was
clarified by one process, or had been subjected
to a subsequent process?
Mr. SCHENCli. That is a perl,incut ques-
tion, and is one which occurred to the commit-
tee. And we asked that question of persous
who came before us, if they could distinguish
whether it was done by the original process or
a subsequent refining, and they all concurred
in saying that they could. There was some-
thing in the form of granulation or something
else, by which they could toll whether tho light
color and superiority of tho article were pro-
duced in the original process of manufacture, or
whether it was a subsequent process, after the
sugar had been manufactured. But other gen-
tleman here may know better how this can be
distinguished than I do.
Mr. LYNCH. In the manufacture of sugar
by the centrifugal machine the cane juice is
in tho first place boiled in tho vacuum pan,
from which is drawn off into wagons or tanks.
It then stands for a few days until it granu-
lates, when it is put into the centrifugal ma-
chine. There is no way in which the sugar can
bo put through the centrifugal machine until
it is thoroughly granulated; but it cannot be
called fully manufactured sugar until the sirup
or molasses is separated. Until then it is me-
lado or concentrated cane juice. In the man-
ufacture of Muscovado sugar the boiling is in
open kettles, from which it is put into hogs-
heads, and there stands and drains.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment, with the under-
standing that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schehck] will offer the amendment he has
iudicated.
Mr, SCHENCK. I wish it understood that
I do not offer it as comiug from the Committee
of Ways and Means. The committee have
agreed to strike out the words "in the process
of manufacture.'' The proviso will then read:
Provided, That all sugar other than refined stovo-
dricd which lias been advanced in quality above No.
12 Dutch standard in color, &c.
That would stem to contradict the provision
as to raw or Muscovado sugars, for it might
bo advanced in tho condition of raw sugar
beyond that; and therefore I have been will-
ing, individually, not as representing the com-
mittee, to move to amend by inserting in place
of the words " in the process of manufacture,"
which are stricken out, the words " subsequent
to the original process of manufacture;" so
that that shall be considered clarified which
has been made so by secondary process. The
great objection I have to this, however, is that
the Committee of the Whole have not adhered
to the provision of 3 cents a pound on clarified ■
sugars. I think, while conceding this, that
great injustice has been done by not retaining
the 3 cents a pound on clarified sugars.
Mr. LYNCH. I renew the amendment to
the amendment for the purpose of saying a
few words.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a point of order.
There is an amendment to the amendment
pending, the one offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schbijck]
to offer any amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 intended to have given
the committee an opportunity to vole on the
amendment I indicated. I will give it to the
gentleman from'.California, [Mr. Sargent, ] and
he can move it if he thinks proper.
Mr. LYNCH. I would like to have the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
again indicate the amendment he proposes so
that I may understand it fully.
Mr. SCHENCK. I can only repeat what I
have said several times. The Committee of
Ways and Means have thought that they ought
to strike out the words '1 in the process of man-
ufacture," and Aey have reported accordingly,
The proviso now reads:
Provided, That all sugar other than refined stove-
dried which has been advanced in quality above No,
12 Dutch standard in color, &c.
It would seem, if left in that shape, to con-
tradict tho provision that all raw or Mnscovado
sugars shall come iu at 2 cents a pound, for it
might bo that the raw or Muscovado sugar was
advanced above No. 13 Dutch standard. If
you strike out those words it still remains am-
biguous, because it would make all sugars that
had been so advanced, no matter whether in
tho original process of manufacture or subse-
quently, class as clarified sugars. I would,
therefore, not only strike out tho words "in
the process of manufacture," but I would sub-
stitute for them the words "subsequent to the
original process of manufacture."
Mr. LYNCH. It would bo claimed under
that amendment by the importers of sugars,'and
it could not be contradicted, that sugar was not
fully manufactured until it had passed through
the centrifugal machine; so that the object
would be entirely defeated, and all clarified
sugars would come in as sugars manufactured
by original process. The gentleman from Oro
gon [Mr. Smith] knows that very well, and that
is the reason why he was willing to accept the
amendment suggested by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. Ha knows
that it would defeat the additional half cent a
pound on clarified sugars and let in the entire
importation of clarified sugars at 2 cents a
pound. That would be the effect of the amend-
ment. I withdraw the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend the sub-
stitute proposed by the Committee of Ways
and Means by inserting in lieu of the words
stricken out in line eight the words "subse-
quent to the original process of manufacture."
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that very little
doubt should be left as to the propriety of this
amendment after the indorsement which it has
received from the able chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and I am not dis-
posed to prolong the debate upon this matter.
As the gentleman from Oregon [Mr. Smith]
has stated, it is a matter of very considerable
importance to the people of the Pacific coast.
I think that the objection made by the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] has really no
bearing upon the subject. If I understand the
admission made yesterday by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kellby] there is no
lapse of time between the original expression
of the juice which yields the sugar and the
clarification of it; in other words, that it is one
continuing process, and not exactly one day,
or five days, or eight days, or any other defi-
nite length of time whatever. And as this
amendment, if adopted, does away with the
idea that there is a discrimination against any
particular process, by the enumeration of pro-
cesses in the proviso, as it would otherwise
stand, it seems to me it should be adopted.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask a question?
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly.
Mr. LYNCH. If the amendment of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
should prevail, would not the gentleman under-
stand it as defeating the provision making a dis-
crimination in favor of clarified sugar ? Would
it not put all clarified sugar on the same basis
as all raw sugar?
Mr. SARGENT. I do not so understand it.
It is possible that some might understand it so.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Sargent, and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes seventeen.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. SARGENT said: I ask for_tellers on
this amendment, for I do not think it is under-
stood.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let the amendment be
read.
The amendment was read. It was to amend
the first proviso of the substitute moved by Mr.
Schenck, so that it would read as follows:
On refine,d sugar, stove-dried, in loaf, lump,
crushed, powdered or granulated, 4 cents per pound:
Providedj That all sugar other than refined stove-
driod which has subsequent to the original process
of manufacture been advanced in quality above No.
12 Dutch standard in color, by being boiled in a
vacuum pan, or crystallized in a vaouum pan, or
clayed, or liquored in molds, or purged in centrifugal
machines, or by vacuum process, or filtered through
bono-black or its equivalent, shall bo regarded as
clarifiod sugar.
The question was upon ordering tellers.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order.
Tho CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state it.
Mr. MAYNARD. When the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Schenck] moved this paragraph as a substitute
for the corresponding paragraph in the original
bill it was with the distinct understanding—I
understood him to use language to that effect—
that it should be subject to amendment pre-
cisely as the original text was ; that is, he pro-
posed to substitute this paragraph for our action
instead of the original text.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not so
understand it.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I said this: that after
the adoption of the substitute it might still be
subject to amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. That could not be done
without unanimous consent of the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. SCHENCK. The proper mode I know
is to move amendments to the substitute before
it is adopted.
Tho question was taken on ordering^ tellers ;
and there were fourteen in the affirmative; not
one fifth of a quorum.
Mr, SARGENT, Here is an amendment
