4326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
any fand is used for any purpose it is the duty
of the officer employing the persons using that
fund to let Congress be apprised of it, so that
we may know precisely what is spent every
year. But of this we are not so advised.
It will be remembered by the House that we
started out with the intimation that we would
get along this year with a deficiency bill of less
than $2,500,000. We brought in such a bill,
and the gentleman from New York, the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing, [Mr. Laf-
lix,] announced in great joy that this Repub-
lican Administration was getting along with a
deficiency bill of less amount than was required
by the Democratic administrations under Bu-
chanan or Pierce, $2,500,000 being all that
was now asked for; and told us Democrats to
put that in our pipes and smoke it.
But, Mr. Speaker, we have already passed
deficiency bills for the present current fiscal
year, as I see from a calculation by the clerk
of our committee, amounting to over ten mil-
lion dollars, and we are not through with it yet.
The very last deficiency for which we made an
appropriation, the deficiency in the collection
of customs of $1,420,000, was created in the
office of the Commissioner of Customs, as the
Secretary of the Treasury shows in a communi-
cation to the Senate, which will be found in the
Globe of June 4, in part at least, by increasing
the pay of certain employ6s in the custom-house
without consulting Congress. The Secretary
says in his letter of May 7:
" In reference to the cause of the $l,000,000increase
in the cost of collection, 1 remark generally that I
have in some instances increased the salaries of the
more responsible and arduous positions at several
of tho ports, but the main bulk of the increase is
due to tho increase of force raado nccessary by the
greatly increased business."
It will be found, too, by reference to list of
unexpended balances famished to us by the
Secretary as being on hand at the beginning of
the current fiscal year, that there stood then, to
wit, July 1, 1869, on the books of the Treasury
to thecieditof "expensesof collecting the rev-
enue from customs, $325,023 02." We appro-
priated for that purpose $4,200,000, making
$4,525,023 02 to be used for that purpose this
year ; yet in making up the estimate of defi-
ciency the Secretary, acting of course on data
furnished him by the custom-house officials,
fails to take any notice of or give any credit for
the $325,023 62 of unexpended balances, all
of which as well as the amount appropriated
is gone. I annex hereto the letter of the Sec-
retary and the table on which the estimate for
the deficiency is based, and it proves what I
state. It is as follows :
AVabraxt Division,
Treasury Departmkxt, April 4,1870.
Sir: I have the honor to inlorm you that_t.iiere
will be a deficiency probably in the appropriation
for "collecting the revenue from customs" for the
current fiscal year of 61,412,117, and to request that
a.n appropriation for this amount may bo included m
the deficiency bill now before the Senate.
The cause of this deficiency may be explained as
follows:
First. The available balance at the commencement
of the current fiscal year was 661,771 38 less than at
the commencement of the fiscal year preceding.
Second. The amount estimated as receipts from
fines, <fcc., is 8353,334 48 less than the actual receipts
for tho preceding year, which is explained by the
lact that comparatively few compromises have been
made during the year, and that many cases which
might have been compromised aro now in court
awaiting adjudication.
Third. There has-been an increase of tho expenses
during this year of $994,04114. A portion of this in-
crease is of a temporary character, and other portions
have been incurred in un effort to increase the effi-
ciency of tho revenue system.
Inclosed I hand you a statement of this account,
which will show you how this estimate is arrived at.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL.
Secretary.
Hon. Lot M. Morrill, Chairman Committee on Appro-
priations, United States Senate.
Collecting the Revenue from Customs.
Expenditure for first three quarters of tho fiscal
year $4,740,584 45
Estimated expenditure for last quarter
of fiscal year  1,580,194 82
Total 86,320,779 27
Brought forward $6,320, i <9 27
Specific appropriation for the service of
the current fiscal year made by act of
May 3,1866,(14 Statutes, 354) $4,200,000 00
Estimated receipts from fines
&e., appropriated to this
account by same act  708,632 27
 4,908,632 27
Deficiency $1,412,147 00
jYofe.—Tho estimated receipts from fines, &c., are
based upon the actual receipts for the first two quar-
ters of the fiscal year.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
first of the Senate amendments.
Mr. BECK. I ask the indulgence of the
House for a few moments longer. I do not
desire to add much to what I have said, but I
wish to finish the statement which I am pre-
senting to the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the House will allow the gentleman ten min-
utes longer.
Objection was made.
Mr. BOYD. I move that the gentleman from
Kentucky have five minutes longer.
Mr. LAWRENCE. All will agree to that.
There was no objection; and Mr. Beck's
time was accordingly extended five minutes.
Mr. BECK. I was going on to say that that
deficiency, when you come to look at it, is made
up of the expenditures for three quarters of the
fiscal year and estimates of expenditures for the
present quarter. 11 gives credit for the amount
which we appropriated, to wit, $4,200,000, and
for the amouut which it was supposed would
be collected from fines and forfeitures, and thus
makes a deficit of $1,412,000, failing to give us
credit altogether for the $025,000 of unex-
pended balances on hand to the credit of the
Department. And so it goes. This is only
another specimen. The heads of bureaus and
Departments pay just what salaries they please,
as you will see by examining Executive Docu-
ment No. 188, second session Forty-First Con-
gress, where the Secretary certifies that there
are fifty-nine persons other than chief clerks of
bureaus now receiving more than eighteen hun-
dred dollars per annum. Two hundred and forty-
six persons have received extra pay in the last
few years, and now there are fifty-nine accord-
ing to this statement. How much they received
we do not know, and it was because of this that I
desired to say,in corroboration of what the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations had
said that now, while they have been paying these
sums without authority of law, they are asking
to have salaries ail raised and brought up to
the point which they are now paying, as I con-
tend, in violation of law.
As I said some weeks ago, I have no doubt
that $94,000,000 of unexpended balances on
hand July 1, 18G0, certainly a very large por-
tion of it—the Secretary says all—must be
added to the $291,000,000 we have already
appropriated to get at the expenditures of the
current fiscal year. We appropriated by the
regular appropriation bills $281,415,000, and
that amount has been swelled by deficiency
up to at least $291,343,000; and I have no
doubt it will turn out that the $102,000,000 of
unexpended balances, of which the Secretary
certified $94,000,000 will be spent before the
1st of July, must bo considered in addition
to the immense expenses for which we have
provided in order to get at the true amount
of expenditure. I have no doubt but what
that will turn out to be so, as we find this sys-
tem going on in all the Departments of raising
salaries and drawing just what they please and
doing anything they want to do, without con-
sulting Congress at all.
There is one amendment of the Senate to
which I desire to call attention, and that is
one which pretends to save $1,000,000 by
requiring distillery storekeepers and others to
bo paid by the collectors out of funds collected
from the distillers. We appropriated, I believe,
$9,000,000.
Mr. DAWES. Eight million dollars.
Mr. BECK. Well, $8,000,000, and we pro-
pose to pay the storekeepers collecting the
amount from the distillers. The Senate struck
out $1,000,000, roducingit to $7,000,000; but
they propose that storekeepers and others shail
be paid by collectors, without coming to Con-
gress at all for their pay, and they call that
saving $1,000,000, and claim great credit before
the country for economy by the dodge they have
adopted. I see before me the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] who took an
active part in having this system of forcing the
distillers to pay for the expenses of the store-
keepers fastened upon us. At the very begin-
ning of this Congress, on the 15th day of March,
1869, he informed the House that the amount
thus proposed to be saved to the Government
would reach $1,500,000. And now we find
that the Senate propose to save_ $1,000,000 by
appropriating that $1,500,000 in an indirect
way, about which Congress never will be able
to know anything.
The planof the Senate would be an actual
loss of $500,000 over and above what our com-
mittee in the original bill proposed to appro-
priate, and yet that is to go to the country as a
saving of $1,000,000. I think, sir, that whatever
we do spend should be spent directly on appli-
cation to Congress—salaries to be fixed and
officers named by Congress. We should not
allow the heads of bureaus, or of Departments,
or anybody else indirectly to fix the salaries
of officers, or to spend funds which they have
in their hands without accounting to us for
them, and then pretend because the book of
estimates shows a reduction that we are saving
money, when it is actually being squandered,
without anybody being responsible, and with-
out the country being informed in regard to it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest that as the
report of the Committee on Appropriations
indicates which amendments they propose to
concur in, and which to non-concur in, the
report of the committee be accepted as to all
the amendments, except those as to which any
gentleman indicates a desire to have a separate
vote.
Mr. ALLISON. I think they ought to be
read.
Mr. DAWES. Then I propose that the
Clerk read the amendments, and that they be
considered as concurred in or non-concurred
in, as the committee recommend, until some
gentleman asks for a special vote on some
amendment.
The SPE AKERpro tempore, (Mr. Holmas. )
Is there objection to the proposition of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawks,]
as just stated by him?
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. DAWES. While I am on the floor I
would like to ask unanimous consent of the
House toorder thatathalf pastfour o'clockare-
cess shall be taken until half past seven o'clock.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That will re-
quire unanimous consent at this time.
Objection was made by several members.
Mr. DAWES. Then I will wait until half
past four o'clock, and see what progress we
shall have made by that time.
CHARGES Of BKIBEKY.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
from the House to have read a telegraphic dis-
patch, just received from Mr. N. B. Taylor by
the gentleman from Nevada, Mr. Pitch.
There was no. objection ; and the Clerk read
as follows:
[Received at Washington at 2.40 p. m.]
Montreal, Canada, June 10, 1870.
Hon. Thom is Fitch, M. G :
Have just seen article in Sew York Herald, and in
justice to yourself I hasten to deny tha t 1 ever had
any conversation whatever with either yourself* Mr.
McCobmick, Bdti.er, or Gollad&y on the subject of
Cuban recognition.
N. B. TAXLOR,
