1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2439
indorsed by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. Scheme,] and we can-
not even get tellers on it. I do not think mem-
bers understand it, and I ask that it be again
read.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. RANDALL. There was some confu-
sion here, and the question was not understood.
I suggest that the question be again taken on
ordering tellers.
The CHAIRMAN. That can be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. LYNCH. I object.
Mr. SARGENT. J hope the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lxscn] will not object.
Mr. LYNCH. Very well; I withdraw my
objection.
No further objection being made, the ques-
tion was again taken on ordering tellers ; and
there were twenty-seven in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being more than one fifth
of a quorum) tellers were ordered; and Mr.
Sargext and Mr. Lynch were appointed.
The committee again divided; andthe tellets
reported that there were—ayes -19, noes 04.
So tlie amendment moved by Mr. Sauciest
was not agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I now renew the amend-
ment formerly moved by the gentleman from
Oregon [Mr. Smith] to strike out the first pro-
viso of the substitute moved by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Sciiencic.] And I now yield
my time to the gentleman from Oregon.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I am confident if
members understood the facts just as they
exist, understood just how this bill, in the form
proposed by the Committee of Ways and Means
will affect the people of the Pacific coast, they
would vote in favor of this amendment.
1 call the attention of the Committee of the
Whole to the fact that no attempt has been
made to answer my argument. It is not de-
nied that under this bill as it now stands sugar
that comes up to No. 120 Dutch standard in
color will be admitted at a duty of 2 cents per
pound, while we on the Pacific coast will be
compelled to pay a duty of 23 cents per pound
on sugar that only comes up to No. 12 Dutch
standard.
Now, I trust that before a provision which
operates in this way is incorporated into the
law of the country some gentleman will show
its propriety and justice. I repeat, Mr. Chair-
man, that there would be just as much propriety
in requiring sugar coming from the tiopics to
pay 3 cents or 23 cents, and allowing sugar pro-
duced outside of the tropics to come in at 2 cents.
We on the Pacific coast receive, as I stated
before, only three grades of sugar from abroad.
We receive that which is under No. 12, which
goes to the refiners and is by them prepared
for consumption. Wo receive this other arti-
cle called in the classification of this bill clar-
ified sugar. It is made at the sugar-mill by an
original process, by a continuous method of
manufacture; and if it is thus brought in above
No. 12 you require us to pay a dutyof 23 cents
a pound. Yet if sugar is made m Cuba, or
"Porto Rico, or any other country by a different
process, though it may be made very much
better than ours, if it still comes within the
classification of raw or Muscovado sugar as
embraced in this bill you permit it to come in
at 2 cents per pound.
Now. what propriety or sense is there in
this discrimination against the people of the
Pacific coast? Why should there be a dis-
crimination against this particular method of
manufacture? Why are not all the people of
the country, and indeed all the people of the
world, interested in encouraging improved
methods of manufacture; methods which
cheapen the articles needed by the people for
their consumption? Is the Congress of the
Uniled States going to legislate against anim-
pioved method of manufacture, the effect of
the discrimination being to benefit people out-
side of our countiy ; not our own citizens, but
neople iu Cuba, in Foito Rico and elsewhere?.
There can be no good reason given in favor of
such a proposition. It is an entisely arbitrary
provision. It will operate as a hardship upon
us. Though it may be to the advantage of peo-
ple on the Atlantic coast of our country, it will
operate still more decidedly in favor of people
living in Cuba, Porto Rieo, &c. I trust that
the amendment will be adopted and that this
entire provision aiming to legislate against a
particular mode of manufacture will not be
ingrafted into the laws of the country.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope this amendment
will not prevail. I am satisfied it will not if
the House properly understands the subject,
and I do not think a great deal of discussion
is necessary to afford a proper understanding
of it. The proccss of clarifying sugar is a
mechanical one, which deprives the raw article
of foreign ingredients, dirt, sirup, uncrystal-
lized saccharine matter, &c. Within a few
years past there has been brought into use in
some foreign sugar estates a method of per-
forming this work by an operation which is
described here as purging it in a centrifugal
machine, throwing it off by mechanical power,
as well as by boiling or crystallizing it in a
vacuum pan. This is the distinction made
between the raw sugar and the clarified sugar,
and it matters not whether it is done by one
continuous process or whether it is done by
several processes. This amendment would
not only interfere with the work of clarifying
sugar in this country, but it would also interfere
very seriously with the sugar production of our
country on our own sugar estates where this
machinery might be used and these processes
introduced. The whole matter resolves itself
into the question which has been argued so
often and so carefully heretofore, and which
I need not now discuss: whether this work
shall be done by our own people on our own
sugar estates and in our own establishments,
or whether we will pay people in Cuba, or Porlo
Rico, or the Sandwich Islands, or on the coast
of South America for doing this work.
The amendment of Mr. Sauuext was not
agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I move to amend
the substitute by striking out before the words
"Dutch standard" the word '• twelve,'' and
inserting in lieu thereof the word "fifteen."
I do not propose to occupy time iu_ discuss-
ing this amendment. I trust the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means will assent
to it, and that it may be adopted without oppo-
sition. It will relieve, at least to some extent,
the hardships imposed upon us by the bill in
its present form.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I oppose
the amendment, and wish to say on my own
behalf I am opposed to any modification of
this proviso, and most especially to that which
was suggested by the chairman of the commit-
tee. This whole sugar provision was prepared
by the committee after as full examination as
could be made, having before it every possible
interest connected with it, and having con-
stantly in mind the good of the consumer,
cheapening sugar and improving its quality, j
The main import of its provision was that while |
it gave the country cheaper and purer sugar
it would develop a great industry in our own
borders. The insertion of the provision sub-
mitted by the chairman of the committee—and
1 regret to differ with him—would, inmy judg-
ment, have closed every refinery in the country,
would have struck a blow at every freedman
finding employment on a sugar plantation, and
would have arrested the progress of beet-root
sugar in the Northwest., now becoming a great
interest. Texas, Louisiana, and Florida find
their interest in these provisions iu this bill.
There is not a man in either of those States who
has not an interest in their maintenance. I see
the learned gentleman fromTexas, [Mr. Dege-
xek,] and I ask him whether that is not true in
reference to the sugar interest which bchas had
, an opportunity to study? Iturntothegentleman
' from Louisiana [Mr, Shelbox] and ask him
whether I am not arguing the cause of the
freedmen of Louisiana when I ask this House
to sustain the provisions reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means precisely as
reported ?
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. With the gentle-
man's permission I will ask him one question.
Mr. KELLEY. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania whether in his judg-
ment it is right to levy a duty of only 12 cents
on Muscovado running up to No. 20, when
you levy a duty of 2A cents on sugar below
No. 20 ?
Mr. KELLEY. In the interest of the con-
sumer we agree raw or Muscovado sugar, no
odds how fine, should come in as raw sugar;
but when we come to deal with sugar made by
a process which reduced the value of every
refinery in London 50 per cent., and caused the
entire abandonment of sugar refining, as I can
can show by an extract of the British Journal
of Society of Arts, and which will close up all
all our refineries, we said, when we came to
that process, that was not raw sugar. I quote
from the British Journal of Society of Arts,
April 2-1, 1868 :
"Up to this time nearly all the sugar thus im-
ported into England was in tho raw state, and re-
quired to bo prepared 1'or English palates in English
refineries. Hence arose in London, Liverpool, Glas-
gow. and other of our great cities, a number of ex-
tensive and costly refineries, wherein every appli-
ance of scientific discovery and mechanical skill was
adopted and perfected to tho end in view. Steam-
engines, of large power, air-pumps, vacuum pans,
hydraulic presses, centrifugal machines, steam hoists.
all the poivcrs of art and nature seemed to be im-
pressed into the service; and that primum_ mobile,
gold, being also lavishly expended in rendering per-
fection more perfect, a large body of skilled artisans
and well-paid laborers found ample employment m
this industry and its correlative branches. Butvrhilo
capital and labor were thus building up a prosperous
manufacture here, the same two agents were atwork
on the Continent also; and, not content with sup-
plving us withtheraw mate, rial, and competing with
Olir colonies'only, the foreigner gradually added re-
fineries to his factories, and having that raw material
direct from mother earth, without any intermedi-
ate profit to pay for. undersold us in our own mar-
kets. This he was better able to do. masimtcn as our
legislative experiment of equalisation ot the auticj
enabled him to send us tho refined and manui actui eiL
dualities at a very slightly higher duty than the raw.
As a consequence of this and other causes, many <>;
the capitalists who had embarked their property m
this special trade were obliged to closo therrv,-orlci.
and large numbers of work-people have been turned
adrift to swell the tide of pauperism at the east cm.
of London. Within tho last three weeks some ot the
largest and best-appointed refincncs m London, co: c
ing for their erection and internal fittings utile jf-'
than £50,000, have boon put up to auction pulled to
pi eccs,(although in first-rate working order) and their
contents sold lor the price of old metal. During the
pastyear eight others shared the same late, and many
others will shortly follow."
I said yesterday that the processes of making
sugar have been reduced and improved since
the present tariff was passed. Great Britain
adhered to a tariff like ours to-day until she
had not a sugar refinery in London, Liverpool,
or Glasgow, and if we do not put these provis-
ions in this bill we will find, as I have oHen
said, that the manufacture of sugar trom beet
roots will have to be abandoned, and the labor
on all our sugar will be foreign and performed
under foreign jurisdiction. It is a blow not
alone at capital but at labor; a putting down
of the wages of labor for tho freedman and-
the freedman's wife in the sugar-field and the
sugar-house in the South. But if you stand
by the provisions of this bill you will stimulate
the making of vacuum-pan sugar in the fields
of Louisiana, Texas, and Florida, and upon
the prairies of Illinois, and among the hills
of Wisconsin. Adopt the amendment ol uie
gentlemanfrom Oregon,or accept of theequiva-
leut amendment of the chairman of the com-
mittee, and you will suspend all these improv
meTho CHAIRMAN. The debate on the
amendment is exhausted. j„„,_ m
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon I withdraw it to
give an opportunity to the gentleman fiorn
Pfllifnrnia l~Mr. Sargext] to renew it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to the amend-
ment being withdrawn.
