4328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
redemption combined to nearly ejglit hundred mil-
lion dollars, it bccame apparent tnat there must be
a considerable increaso of counters.
The increase has been entirely of females, who
receivc the lower salaries. The number of male
clcrks who receive the higher salaries has been
decreased within the year,
No person has ever been appointed to this office
sinco it has been in ray chargo unless in my opin-
ion the services of the person appointed were neces-
sary to the proper conduct of the office.
Before and during the time that the recent tem-
porary appointments wore being made many per-
sons employed in this office were compelled to work
largely over-time, in some cases exceeding double
l the lime required by departmental regulations. This
*couise was continued in until it was found that a
- number broke down under the treatment, and that
no more work could, upon thewholc.be accomplished
by it than under tho legularly-establishcd hours
system.
The only alternative, then, was more help or the
neglect of the public business. Tho former was, of
coarse, adopted.
Just as soon as it can safely be done a reduction
of the force from time to lime will certainly be
recommended; but as the time is now at hand when
the' usual leaves of absence will bo asked tor and
granted, when, as a general rule, for about three
months more than twenty per ecnt. of the working
force will be off duty, there is little hope of any im-
mediate reduction of the personnel of this oflice. ^ I •
shall bo happy if the work can be keptup during tho
summer months.
The fact that for nearly four months no original
appointments have been asked for is ,«omo evidence
ot a desire to-do tho work with as little cost to the
Government as possible. Thoie arc not now, mid
never liavo been sinco 1 have been here, any idlers
in this office.
in the hope that these statements and explanations
may be satisfactory, I am, very rcspcotl'uliy, your
obedient sor^nt, X?. H. SPIXNElt,
Treasurer of the United Staten.
IIon.CtEor.r.E S. Botmvnci,,
Secretary of t!ie_ Treasury, H aslunalon, J). ( .
Mr. ELDIUDGE. IIow does tho gentle-
man know that?
Mr. LAWHENCE. I present documents in
proof of it.
Mr. ELDRTDGE. TVhat are they?
Mr. LAWilENCE. If the gentleman will
refer to the last annual report he will see that
the Secretary of the Treasury shows a reduc-
tion in his Department both in the number of
his employes and in the expenditures of tho
Department.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amendments
of the Senate. A separate vote was asked by
Mr. MoGuew upon tho following :
In tho paragraph relating to "Capitol police,"
strike out the following: "i'orono captain,$1,800;
ono lieutenant, $1,500; twenty privates, at $1,080 each,
$21,600; ami eight watchmen, at $900 each, §7,200;
making in all $32,100." And insert in lieu thereof
tho following:
For ono captain, ?2,08S; two lieutenants, at ¥1,800
each; thirty privates, at ©1,501 oaeh, $47,520; anil
eight watchmen, at$l,000 each, 58,000; making in all
301,203.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
Mr. McGKEW. I hope that this amend-
ment will be concurred in.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. ALLISON. I suggest that the House
adopt the recommendation of the Committee
on Appropriations with reference to all the
amendments save those upon which a separate
vote may be demanded and those which have
been indicated by the chairman of the com-
mittee in his explanatory remarks.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee on Appro-
priations desire a vote on four of the amend-
ments; one with reference to the effect of
pardons; another with reference to salaries;
another in relation to tho extension of the
Capitol grounds; and another in regard to a
new State Department.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I insist that all tho amend-
ments shall be reported in full. They are so
numerous that it is difficult for us to discrim-
inate between them unless they are read.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the Sen-
ate amendments. A separate vote was usked
upon the following;
Amend the paragraph appropriating §100,000 for
payment oi judgments which may bo iendered by
the coal t in i.ivor ot claimants, by striking out the
following proviso; , „
J'tovided, ihat no judgmeu., o; saideotirt lorany
sum exceeding $3,000 ;l.all be paid nntu the same
shall bo specifically appropriated by Congress. Bat
this proviso shall not affect tho right of any party to
appeal from a judgment rendered by the Court of
Claims to the Supreme Court of tho United States.
And inserting m lieu thereof the following:
provided, That no pardon or amnesty granted by
the President, whether generator special, by proc-
lamation or otherwise, tor any acceptance of such
pardon or amnesty, nor oath taken, or other act pcr-
iormed in pursuanco or as a, condition thereof, shall
he admissible in evidence on the part of 5,ny claim-
ant in the Court of Claims as evidence in support.of
any claim against the United States, or to establish
the standing of any claimant in said court, or his
right to bring ormaintain suit therein; norshallany
such pardon, amnesty, acceptance, oath, or other act
as aforesaid, heretofore offered or put in evidence on
behalf of any claimant in said com!, be used or con-
sidered by said couit, or by the appellate court on
appeal from said court, in deciding upon tho claim
of said claimant, or any appeal therefrom, as any
part of the proof to sustain tho claim of the claim ant,
or to entitle him to maintain Ins action in said Court
of Claims, or a.n appeal thciefrom : but the proof of
lojnlfy required by the twelfth section of the act of
March 8, 180,5, entitled "An act to amend an act
to establish a court tor the investigation of claim-!
against tho United Stales," approved February 21,
18o5, and by the third section of tho aet entitled " An
act to piovide for the collection of abandoned prop-
ei ty, and foi the pievcntion of fiauds in insuucc-
tionary districts within the United States," approved
March 12,1868, and by tho third section of the act
entitled "An act to provide for appeals from tho
Court of Claims, and for other purposes," approved
June 25, 1803, shall bo made by proof of the matters
required by said sections, respectively, irrespective
of the effect of any executive proclamation, pardon,
amnesty, or other aet of condonation or oblivion.
And in all cases where judgment shall have been
heretofore rendered in tho Court of Chums in lavor
of any claimant on any other proof ot loyalty than
sneii as is above required and provided, and which
is hereby declared to have been and to ho the true
intent and meaning of said respective acts, lie; Su-
preme Court shall, on appeal, ha ve llo furl tier juris-
diction of the cause, and shall dismiss the saane^ lor
want ol jurisdiction; And jaovulf d fui'her, Tint!
whenever any paidon shall have lieretotore been
granted by tho President ot the Um! od States to any
person bringing suit m tho Court of Claims lor the
proceeds of abandoned or caiMured piopeiiy under
the said aet, approved March 12, 1861, and the acts
amendatory oft ho same, and such pardon shall recite,
in substance, that such person took part in the la.tc
rebellion against the OoverumcnL oi the United
Stares, or was guilly of any act of rebellion against
or disloyalty to the United States, and such pardon
shall have been accepted in writing, by tho iicison to
whom the sumo issued, without an c.xpressdisclaimer
of and protestation against such lact of guilt, con-
tained in such acceptance, such pardon and accept-
ance shall be taken and deemed in such suit in tho
said Court of Claims, and on appeal therefrom, con-
clusive evidence that such person did "take part in
and give aid and comfort to the l.ito rebellion, and
did not maintain true allegianco to ol- consistently
adhere to tho United States; and on proof of such
pardon and acccptanco, which proof may be heard
bummaiily on motion or oi!i"nvi-,e, tho iuri-alicti'm
of tho court in tho caco shall cease, and the court
shall forthwith dismiss the suit of such claimant.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence in the Senate amend-
ment, with an amendment striking out the
whole amendment, together with the original
paragraph, and inserting in lieu thereof the
following:
Provided, That no pardon or amnesty granted by
the President, whether general or special, by procla-
mation or otherwise, nor any acceptance of such
pardon or amnesty, nor oath taken, or other act
performed in puisuaneo or a,s a condition thereof,
shall be admissible on tho part of any claimant in
the Court of Claims as evidence in support, ot any
claim against the United States, or to establish the
standing of any claimant in said court, or his right
to bring or maintain suit therein, eveept where such
pardon and amnesty were granted and oaths o( alle-
giance and amnesty taken in good faith daring tile
continuance of the a,etivc operations of the lato
rebellion under tho proclamation of President Lin-
coln issued in pursuance ot the thirteenth section of
the act of Congress knovwi as the " confiscation act,"
apnroved July 17,1862, pledging the public faith for
a restoration of tho rights of property, and where
all the reciuircinents and conditions named in said
act and proclamation have been faithfully complied
with, and said oath of amnesty and allegianco kept
and maintained inviolate. And this is hereby de-
clared to be the true intent and meaning in tins
regard of the several acts conferring jurisdiction on '
the Courtof Claims, and of the said act of July 17,
1862, and tho said proclamation ol the President,
Lincoln, founded thereon.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call
attention to the question raised by this amend-
ment of the committee, as I understand it. Tho
amendment of the Senate, in the first place,
makes the fact of a man's having received a
pardon conclusive evidence against him of
active disloyalty. It then provides that no
man who has ever participated in the rebellion,
of which the pardon is the conclusive evidence,
shall bring any claiin, however just, against
the United States into the Court of Claims. I
think that the error in the Senate amendment
arises from not properly e'ompr&itersamg the
distinction between pardon and amnesty. By
tho Constitution the President is empowered to
grant reprieves and pardons for offenses against
the United States. A- reprieve is a remission
of a punishment tor a timej while0. pa-rdon takes
away the punishment entirely, i by no means
agree tliat a mere pardon makes the offender
a new mau in all his legal, political, and
property relations, whatever it may do as to his
crimes. But on the other hand amnesty, which
the President, without the authority of Con-
gress, cannot grant, docs make the offender a
new man in every respect. Amnesty, as we
know, is derived from the Greek word " am-
nestia," meaning oblivion, forgetfulness. a
blotting out, as if the things amnestied had
never been.
Now, in 1802 Congress empowered the Pres-
ident togrnnt, by proclamation, pardon and am-
nesty, as Congress might rightfully do. Pres-
ident Lincoln, in pursuance of that authority,
granted pardon and amnesty by a proclama-
tion. Pardon and amnesty are lai'ely, if ever,
granted in separate deeds of pardon to the
individual, but by proclamation, to classes of
wrong doers and only for wrongs growing out
of insurrection, rebellion, and war. So Pres-
ident Lincoln granted pardon and amnesty by
proclamation of December 8, 1803. When
President.! olinson Undertook to peddle out, par-
dons and amnesties to individuals the Congress
of the United States repealed the power of
granting amnesty conferred upon the President
by law, but left him with his constitutional
power of pardon of offenses. So, iti January,
1807,1 believe, before President Johnson issued
his general proclamation of pardon, the power
of granting amnesty was taken away by act of
Congress repealing the aet of July, 18G2, which
granted it. Wherever amnesty is given by
proclamation of the President, empowered by
Congress, there the man comes out a full new
man in relation to all his rights. The Govern-
ment, forgets that he ever did anything wrong
and puts him back exactly where he stood be-
fore ; and therefore, wherever the Government
granted amnesty by law, there we are bound to
respect, a man as a new man, purged of every
sin of his previous life in reference to which
it was granted.
That is the difference between pardon and
amnesty, which the Senate do not seem to
have observed in their amendment; but which
the Committee on Appropriations have exactly
observed.
Mr. .BENTON. Does this amnesty restore
all the rights of property?
Mr. BUTLEll, of Massachusetts. All the
rights of property, and evety other right,. It
is a well-known power, and often exercised. It
has been granted by acts three times iti Great
Britain, twice in France, and once before in
this country, at the time of the whisky rebel-
lion : and whenever we pass an act of amnesty
for the acts done in the late rebellion, I pro-
pose that it shall be an act which shall work
oblivion of all acts clone or omitted in the war,
and not, as amnesty has come to be understood
in the newspapers, the restoration of a few men
to the right to hold oftice. General amnesty
will mean, when passed, oblivion of all that
has been, done, forgetfulness of everything that
has gone before in the war—'that is, the wrong
done to the Government or individual. This
very distinction is that which has been taken
by the Committee on Appropriations. They
have limited the effect of amnesty where the
law has limited it, where our faith is plighted
to it, and where, if we had not plighted our
faith, the law as decided by the Supreme Oouru
would have restored all rights of property.
Therefore I trust we shall non-concur in the
ajnendmont of the Senate, or ratber than we
shall concur in the Senate amendment, with
