1496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
to the Auditor; and it passes through all these
hands before it gets even to the starting-point.
Why, a quartermaster's claim before it can be
settled has to pass through forty-three hands.
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman tell us
whether the man who has such a claim ever
ge'i his money at all? I think this affords a
reason for abolishing the whole concern. •
Mr. BENJAMIN. If we had the assistant
commissioner proposed to bo appointed by this
bill would there not be needea still another
signature?
Mr. BECK. The Committee on Appropri-
ations have been trying to cut down tae num-
ber of clerks through whose hands such a
thing must pass, and to stop this sort of cir-
cumlocution wherever they could.
Mr. DAWES. What clerks or officers does
the gentleman allude to ?
Mr. BECK. Fifteen in this Terr Department
which you have now reached, and in the quar-
termaster's department, and everywhere e.se.
Mr. MYERrf. I move to amend by striking
out the last word. Mr. Chairman, I am desir-
ous of calling the attentiou of the House to
one single matter in this connection which
has been often told and which cannot be told
too often. The Potent Office is not only a
self-supporting institution, bat every year the
excess of receipts over expenditures is very
large. Lastyear there were $206,713 of excess.
This money was paid by the inventors of the
country, and those men have a right to every
facility which we can give them. If the Com-
missioner of Pateuts cannot afford them all
the facilities they require without having au
Assistant Commissioner, I say we should not
grudge the $3,000 asked for that purpose.
The money comes out of tlie surplus paid by
the inventors.
Mr. WARD. To whom does it belong?
Mr. MYERS. I say it belongs to the ia-
Tentors, and we onght to have such a system
that they may come to the Patent Office and
have their applications attended to, and that
by men of the first ability, who will give their
applications a patient and intelligent consider-
a ion. I say that not only is this office a judi-
cial one, but that it takes nearly all the time
of the Commissioner of Patents. Two hundred
appeal cases here and two hundred extension
cases there, and one man to do it all! And bis
decision is final. The person designated here is
an assistant. The other officers are subordi-
nates. I say that this is due to this class of
people, to the inventors of the country, above
and before and in preference to any other classof
the community. It is their money, not yours,
and they ought to get the benefit of it. There
is no other Department of the Government
which has got such a surplus. I trust there-
fore thai the cry about economy will not weigh
with gentlemen to induce them to reject this
appropriation.
Mr. JEXCKE3. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ward] has inquired whose thisfund
is. J answer by citing from the law, as fol-
lows: !
"And the moneys constituting said fond shall '
be, ami the same are hereby, appropriated for the
payment of the salaries of the officers and clerks
provided by said act. and all other expense* of the
Patent Office, including all the expenditures pro-
vided for by tbii aot; and also for auoh other pur-
pose* as arc or may be hereafter specially provided
for by law."
These moneys constitute a fund, contributed
by the inventors, for the purpose of having
their business done promptly at the Patent
Office. If the Commissioner of Patents gets
$4,000 a year, it is supposed to be for the pur-
pose of facilitating the business. The business
to be done by the proposed Assistant Commis-
sioner has been done heretofore by clerks.
Now, if the Commissioner has this competent
person at a salary of $3,000 a year to assist
li.m, he can have his cases prepared in brief
space; the testimony in cases of extension,
interference cases, and all the business pre-
paratory to his decision. He can have this
business done, and done well by a skilled per-
son, relieving him of a great portion of the
labor now imposed upon him by law, and which
i it is better should be done by a competent
t person than it should be done imperfectly and
inefficiently by unskilled clerks.
Mr. WARD. 1 desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island, who is tho chair-
man of the Committeo on Patents, and who
has been familiar with tho working of this
offioe for several years, whether during the last
two or three years the force in the Patont Ollico
has not been largely increased ?
Mr. JENCKES. Largely diminished.
Mr. BANKS. And the business tins largely
increased.
Mr. WARD. I would ask the gentleman if
within the last two years there was not a prop-
osition from his committee to increase tho
force in the Patent Office?
Mr. JENCKES. Not at all.
Mr. WARD. Then my memory is sadly at
fault.
Mr. JENCKES. The only proposition made
here was during the discussion of this subject
at the last regular session of Congress, wneu
I asked to have certain clerks restored which
had been dropped in the appropriation bill.
They were restored, and on the representation
that the business of the office could not bo done
properly unless they were so restored. You
cannot do the business which is crowded into
Bix months by spreading it out over the whole
year. It is a necessity of this kind of business
that it be done promptly, because time runs
against every inventor. It is a part of tho
grant which the Government gives him. I
hope the amendment will not prevail.
The question was taken ou Mr. Ward's
amendment, and it was disagreed to—ayes ten,
noes not counted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Csssxa
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union having, pursuant to order
of the House, had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being Honse bill No. 974, making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 80, 1871, had cottae to no
resolution thereon.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act (EI.
R. No. 1007) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30, 1870, and
for other purposes; when the Speaker signed
the same.
COMMITTEE OF ELECTIONS.
The SPEAKER announced that he had
appointed Mr. EuoekeHale, of Maine, a mem- i
ber of the Committee of Elections in place of j
Mr. bcama^, excused. j
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of the Mount Vernon Manufacturing Com-
pany.
On motion of Mr. HOTCHKISS, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for a with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the case of Mary M. Jayne.
subcommittees of elections.
Mr. PAINE. I am instructed by tho Com-
mittee of Elections to report to the House the
assignment of cases to sub-committees under
the new rule of the House. I do not ask to
have the list read, but I ask that it be printed,
and also printed in the Globe.
It was so ordered.
The following is the list:
.48 ipnment of cnntcited-election cast* by the chairman
of the Committee of Election*, under the rule of the
House adopted February 111, 1S7U.
Boldon vt. Bradford, Colorado; Cameron v*. Hoots,
first district of Arkansas; Hindi in. ShiTrod, sixtli
district of Alabama—to Messrs. Pa ink, 11k axon, and
Potxi:h.
dwiulcrtx.Dj or, ninth district of Missouri: Zieifler
v*. Jiiec, ninth district of Kentucky: Shields w. Van
Horn, sixth district of Missouri: Whittlesy i>«. Mc-
Kuuzie, tovonth district of V irmiiin—to .\les.-r .
Ciu'ttciiiM., buti.ku of Tenncsec, anil blki:.
Taylor t'«. lauding, tilth district of Pennsylvania:
Kffulcston t' . Strader, first district of Ohio; llfiit r .
Julian, lourth district ot Indian*: llogo « . Heed,
third district of South Cnrolinu; Wallace vs. Simp-
son, fourth district of South Carolina—to Messrs.
Ckssna, Kanuall, and Uai.k.
Cypher v«. St. Martin, flr t district of Louisinuu;
Hunt tM. Slu-lvion. second district of Louisiana; Dar-
rell vi. Bailey, third district of Louisiana; News hum
r . Kyim, fourth district of LotiiRiana; Morcy vs.
MoCraiue, fifth district of Louisiana—to Messrs.
Stf.vrnson, Hl'udkxt, and ICeiiu.
Sheafo v. Tillman, fourth district of Tennessee;
Ijpftwich t' . Smith, eighth district of Tonnesseo ;
Jioyden us. Sholjcr. sixth district of North Carolina;
Tucker u*. Booker, lourth district ot Virginia; Barnes
vs. Adams, eighth district of Kentucky—to Mcssr.-.
Brooks ot Mtu>saohusctu<, Dux, aud MoCuauy.
And then, on motion of Mr. ROOTS, (at
four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m..)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, KTC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ALLISON: A petition of 835 Ko-
raan Catholic priests and laity, of Dubuque,
Iowa, praying Congress to grant a legal title
to certain lands used for a cemetery at Du-
buque, and vest the same in John Henessy,
Roman Catholic bishop, for a burial place for
Roman Catholics of Dubuque, and for no other
purpose.
By Mr. AMBLER: Petitions of citizens of
Barry villa, Stark county, Ohio, and Wattsville,
i Carroll county, Ohio, both numerously signed,
| praying for tha abolition of the franking priv-
j liege.
By Mr. BARNUM: The petition of 8. Ster-
I ling & Son and others, citizens of Bridge-
I port, Connecticut, importers and consumers
of wrought-iron flues and wrought-iron tubes,
: praying Congress to reduce the duty on the
j same one cent per pound.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Thomas J.
Foster, of Kentucky, praying for relief from
political disabilities.
By Mr. CAKE: A petition signfid by citi-
zens of Fredericksburg, Lebanon county,
Pennsylvania, cigar manufacturers, journey-
men cigar-makers, dealers in cigars, growers
of and dealers in seed-leaf tobaoco, asking Con-
gress to restore the tariff rates on imported
cigars to three dollars per pound and fitty per
cent, ad valorem.
By Mr. CLARKE: Concurrent resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas, relating to cer-
tain land districts in said State.
Also, concurrent resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Kansas, instructing the
Senators and Representative from said State
to vote for an appropriation to ereot a suitable
| building in the city of Topeka, for the use of
j the Federal courts, post offioe,and land office.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the
State of Kansas, praying for adequate protec-
tion to the frontier from Indian hostilities, and
against any further reduction of the Army of
the United States.
Also, tho petition of F. M. Hodges and
others, citizens of Greg Stone, Kansas, for the
abolition of tho franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Daniel H. Gilbert and
others, citizens of Keelvllle, Kansas, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of John M. Henderson
and others, citizens of Kansas, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of C. Wilson and others,
citizens of Kansas, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
