184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
and nays have been ordered. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] moves to
suspend the rales for1 the purpose of going into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, which motion, takes precedence.
Mr. CULLOM. I will withdraw my call for
the.regular orderi
• - APPLICATIONS FOR PENSIONS.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. It. No. 607) to amend section
six'of.au act entitled "An act relating to pen-
sions," approved July 27, 1868; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee o.n Invalid Pensions.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, also
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee onlnvalid Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amen'ding section six of an act ontitled "An act
relating to pensions," approved July 27,1868, as to
extend the time therein named from fiveyears to ten
years in which applications for pensions may be filed
in the proper Department; with directions to report
by bill or otherwise.
report 01' board of admirals.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and adopted :
-Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Navy bo re-
quested to furnish for tho information of this House
and lor referenco to the Committee on Naval Affairs
a full and complete copy of tile report of a board of
admirals convened in 18G5 by tho Secretary of tho
Navy, and of which Admiral Farragut was president.
harriet k. parker.
Mr. HOLM AN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. COO) for the relief of
Harriet E. Parker; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
william a. cloud.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Military
Affairs tho petition of William A. Cloud, a sol-
dier in the late war for the Union, and moved
that the same be referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
soldiers op 1812.
Mr. LOGAN, from the same committee,
also reported back a petition for pensions to
soldiers of the war of 1812, and moved that the
same be referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions and War of 1812.
The motion was agreed to.
lieutenant commander a. kautz.
Mr. LOGAN, from the same committee, re-
ported back House bill No. 535, for tho relief
of Lieutenant Commander A. Kautz, of the
United States Navy, and moved that the same
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
order ob' business.
Mr. BINGHAM. I again ask unanimous
consent of the House to proceed to the consid-
eration of a bill for the repeal of the census act
of 1850. If that is not done before the hol-
idays the old law of 1850 will again go into
effect and subject the country to a great deal
of useless expense.
Mr. JENCIvES. I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I move that the
House now adjourn.
The question was taken on the motion to
adjourn ; and upon a division—ayes 49, noes
63—it was not agreed to.
additional memuers of committees*
The SPEAKER announced the following
additional members of committees appointed
under a rule of the House adopted a few days
since:
Committee of Ijlcctions—"George M. Brooks,
of Massachusetts, and Peter AI. Dox, of Ala-
bama.
Committee on Banking and Currency—
Horatio C. Burchard, of Illinois.
Committee on Naval Affairs—Hen ry H.
Starkweather, of Connecticut, and Charles
;, of Alabama-
Committee of Claims—Julius H. Strong, of
Connecticut.
Committee on the Pacific Railroad—Wil-
liam H. Barnum, of Connecticat, and Alfred
E. Buck, of Alabama.
Committee on the Judiciary—Stephen W.
Keltogg, of Connecticut.
Committee on the Rules—Samuel S. Cox,
of New York.
Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
United States—Thomas A. Jenckes, of Rhode
Island.
Committee on Railways and Canals—Wil-
liam C. Sherrod, of Alabama.
Committee on Military Affairs—Solomon
L. Hoge, of South Carolina.
Committee on Commerce—Henry H. Stark-
weather, of Connecticut, and Lionel A. Shel-
don, of Louisiana.
Committee on Foreign Affairs—Leonard
Myers, of Pennsylvania.
Committee on Invalid Pensions—Robert S.
Heflin, of Alabama.
Committee on the Territories.—Charles W.
Buckley, of Alabama.
Committee on Patents—Leonard Myers, of
Pennsylvania.
cuba.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
tho United States :
To the Haute of Representatives :
In answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 13th instant, requesting a copy of
otlicial correspondence on the subject of Cuba, I
transmit a report from the Secretary of State, to
whom tho resolution was referred.
0. S. GRANT.
Washington, .December 15,18B9.
The report of the Secretary of State was
read, as follows:
To the President:
Tho Secretary of State, to whom has been referred
the resolution of the House of Representatives of yes-
terday, requesting the President, if not inconsistept
with the publicinterest.to communicate to thatHouso
acopy of any correspondence with theminister of the
United States at Madrid referring to Cuba, of the
instructions to that minister, and of any correspond-
ence with the Government of Spain relating to that
subject, has tho honorto report thatit is not deemed
advisable at tliis time to comply with tho request
contained in the resolution.
Respectfully submitted,
HAMILTON FISII.
Department of State,
Washington, December 11,1869.
The message of the President, with the ac-
companying report of the Secretary of State,
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
charles l. green.
The SPEAKER also laid before tho House
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the House of Representatives :
In answer to the resolution of December 9, 1869,
requesting aoopy of tho charges, testimony, findings,
and sentencein the trial by court-martial of Passed
Assistant Surgeon Charles L. Green, United States
Wavy, I transmit herewith a report from the Secre-
tary of the Navy, to whom the resolution was
referred.
„ „ U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., December 15,18S9.
The message, with the accompanying papers,
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
massachusetts rivers and harbors.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting, in obedience to the reso-
lution of the House of December 10, 1869, the
report of the chief ot engineers upon surveys
made in the State of Massachusetts as to imped-
iments and obstructions in the rivers and har-
bors thereof; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
subsistence claims, etc., in missouri.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letterfroiii the Secretary of War, transmitting,
in obedience to the resolution of the House of'
April 1, 1869, the reports of the Commissary
General of Subsistence and the Quartermaster
General, in regard to claims of persons claiming
to reside in the fourth congressional district
of Missouri; which was referred to tho Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
postal accounts, etc.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the requirementsof
thesecond section of the judiciary act, approved
March 3, 1869, a report for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1869; which was referred to the
Committee on tho Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
NEGOTIATION OS' POSTAL TREATIES.
_Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tho Postmaster General bo in-
structed to inform this House whether, without
appointment and confirmation bv the Senate, any
person holding a United States office has been em-
ployed by that Department to treat with foreign
nations in l-espeot to any matter pertaining to that
Department; and if so. in conformity to what law,
and at what expense, and from what appropriation,
if any, paid.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, asked and
obtained leave of absence from Saturday, the
18th instant, till after the holiday recess.
Mr. COWLES and Mr. WILLARD asked
and obtained leave of absence for five days.
WITHDRAWAL Oil' PAPERS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, asked and
obtained leave to withdraw from the files of
the House papers relating to the claim of Dent,
Vantine & Co.
breakwater in port jefferson harbor.
ftlr. REEVES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Unsolved, That tho Committee on Commerce bo
diBCCted to inquire into the expediency of causing a
survey to be made of the entrance to Port Jefferson
harbor, on the south side of Long Island sound, with
the view to the erection of a breakwater on the bar
oi said harbor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for the regular
order.
president's message.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that for general debate the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
upon the annual message of the President of
the United States.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Allison in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the President's
annual message.
Mr. MUNGEN obtained the floor.
order or business.
Mr. SCOPIELD. With the consent of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Muxgex] I move
that the committee rise in order that the House
may make an order that the business for the
remainder of the day be confined to debate
only.
Mr. NIBLACK. I suggest that that order
can be made just as well in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SC9FIELD. I ask, then, unanimous
consent of the committee that the order be
made.
^ The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
it will be understood that the proceedings dur-
ing the remainder of the day shall be limited
to general debate in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
