1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2441
gallon, upon which there is a duty of $1 per
gallon and 25 per cent, advalorcm. The wines
of that_ class produced in 18G9 a revenue of
fp298,850 10. ihe whole amount of revenue
for 1869 was $2,893,513 30, on 6,990,640J gal-
lons of wine imported. By the system reported
by the Committee ot Ways and Means the whole
plan is simplified. Instead of three classes of
wines, at three different rates of duty, we adopt
the plan in force in Paris, where the officers
levy a duty of so many centimes without regard
to the quality of the wine.
Another consideration with the committee
is that in California and other parts of this
country we are beginning to produce the lower
classes of wines of a very good quality. Fifty
cents a gallon all round, though it does seem
to let in the finer classes of wine at a lower
rate than that at which they would coine in
under an ad valorem duty, answers the purpose
of protecting and building up the production
of ail these classes of wines that we make in
Ohio, _ Missouri, California, and elsewhere.
Six: million nine hundred and ninety thousand
six; hundred and forty gallons of these wines
were imported last year under the existing
rates of duty, which proceed in part upon the
cid valorem principle. Under this simplified
duty of 50 cents a gallon all round we would
obtain upon the same quantity of imported
wines $3,495,000, being au increase of the rev-
enue to the extent of $1,101,000. The duty
proposed in the bill wilL afford an increase of
revenue, while at the same time protecting the
manufacture of the class of wines which we can
manufacture in this country, and making them
cheaper by the competition among our home
producers. Although we discard the ad valo-
rem system now prevailing, yet in the long run
the Government willderivemorerevenue, while
at the same time w e shall encourage the intro-
duction of these beverages in preference to
ardent spirits.
I think, therefore, that it will be wise for us
xo adopt this system which has been adopted
in other countries, and to impose a level tariff
of 50 cents per gallon upon wines all round.
In some aspects the proposition may appear
objectionable, as explained by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Coburn, j yet those objec-
tions are counterbalanced by the advantages.
One of the great objections is perhaps that the
proposition is precisely that of the free-traders
on this subject. They propose a duty of 50
cents a gallon all round. We find ourselves
meeting them on this common ground. On this
point their suggestion, in the opinion of the
Committee of Ways antl Means, is a good one.
The amendment of Mr. CoBCKr was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On wines of all kinds imported in bottles, and
not otherwise provided for, §2 per dozen bottles,
containing each not more than 1 quart anil more
than 1 pint; and &1 por dozen bottles containing not
more than 1 pint eaoh; ana wino in bottles contain-
ing more than 1 quart each shall pay in addition to
$2 per dozen bottles. 80 cents por gallon on the quan-
tity in exeess of 1 quart in caoh bottle.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by inserting at the end of
the first line the word "herein,'' so that the
phrase will read "not. otherwise herein pro-
vided fox-."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On champagne and all oilier sparkling wines, in
bottles, $8 per dozen bottles, contfinins each not
more than one Quart and more than one pint: and
$3 por dozen bottles containing not more than one
pint cach; and in bottles containing more than one
quart each shall pay, in addition to :;8per dozen bot-
tles, $2 por gallon on the quantity in excess of one
Quart: Provuled, That any liquors containing more
than 25 per cent, ol' alcohol, which shall he entered
under the name of wine, shall bo forfeited to the
United States: And provided further. That wines,
brandy, and other spirituous liquors imported in bot-
tles shall ho packed in packages containing not less
than one. dor.en bottles in each package; and all such
bottles shall pay an additional duty of Scents for each
boitie; no aliov,.ujce shali bo mado for oroalci^o
unless such bi-o.ikase io acLuaiiv ascertained by count
and certified by a cr.stoir.-hou«e aDpvnser: and so
xnucn of section fifty-nine of an act entitled " An act
to regulate the collection of duties on imports and
tonnage, approved March 2, 1799, as provided for
allowance tor leakage and breakage is herebv re-
pealed.
.,9n brandy and on other spirits manufactured or dis-
tilled from gram or other materials, and not otherwise
provided for, per proof gallon: Provided, That each
n iivery ^auge or wino gallon of measurement
shall be counted as at least ono proof gallon; and the
standard for determining the proof of brandy and
other spirits,, and of wine or liquors of any kind im-
ported. shall be the samo as that which is defined in
t he second section of the " act imposing taxoson dis-
tilled spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,"
approved July 20, 1808. uijjuols,
Mr. AXTELL. I move to amend the par-
agraph last read by striking out "two" before
the word "dollars" and inserting in lieu
thereof "three;" so that the first clause of the
paragraph will read as follows:
,, O.'"1. brandy and on other spirits manufactured or
distilled from gram or other materials, and not other-
wise provided tor, $3 per proof gallon.
Three dollars is the duty now paid upon
brandy of this grade, and I do not think the
interests of the country require that the duty
shall be reduced. High-priced brandies, con-
sumed only by very wealthy people, are ac-
knowledged on all hands to be a luxury if not
something worse. If there is anything upon
which we can afford to levy the highest possible
duty not in its effect prohibitory it certainly is
high-priced brandies.
I have nothing to say upon the moral aspect
of the question ; but I do assert that we in this
country are capable of manufacturing from
grapes as fine brandy as can be manufactured
abroad, while the consumer has a greater cer-
tainty of obtaining a pure article, free from
poisonous or deleterious ingredients. I sup-
pose it is well known to this House that the
grape-wi ne produced by the young State of Cal-
ifornia already amounts to very nearly 3,000,-
000 gallonsannually. Although this wine may
not yet be a favorite among the wealthy as a
table wine, yet when manufactured into brandy
it makes a fine and pure article. By keeping
the tariff up here we protect the manufacturer
in our own country. Wo give our people the
opportunity of turning their attention to this
manufacture and to producing all that is neces-
sary of this article—perhaps none is necessary ;
producing, then, all the country must have.
I think it a bad policy in the country to lower
or raise the price constantly on liquors where
there is a large stock necessarily on hand. Men
who deal in this article of brandy importa laige
quantity, and when we strike off $1 or put on
$1 we constantly raise or lower the price just
that amount, it seems to me safe to leave the
tariff where it is; safe for the country and safe
for the revenue. 1 wish to say again that I do
not believe the people of the United States are
asking Congress to lower the rate of duty on
this luxury, and I iiope the committee will
agree to this amendment to retain the tariff
where it is, at $3 a gallon.
.Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, thopreacnt
duty on brandy, a3 is well known, is $3 a gal-
lon. The committee propose to reduce it to
§2 a gallon. The first reason is that $3 a gal-
lon was a duty intended to correspond with the
high internal tax upon spirits manufactured at
home. We have reduced that from §2 to about
70 cents; that is, adding all the taxes together,
the tax on spirits being 50 cents, and other in-
cidental taxes bringing it up to 65 or 70 cents a
gallon. So we have not yet reduced the duty
on brandy in anything like the proportion we
have reduced the tax on our own spirits. Still,
we propose to reduce it to $2. 1 think it is only
fair; and now let us see how that will interfere
with protection to our own domestic manu-
facture. During last year the brandy brought
in was found to come in at an invoiced valua-
tion of §1 43J per gallon; $1 45i per gallon
was tfcc invoiced valuation. So the greater
proportion of brandy which comes in is of an
inferior quality. The brandy being SI 45?> per
gallon, and the duty being $3, would make the
brandy come in at a cost to the importer of
S4 4o-J per gallon. We propose to put the
duty at $2, and at $2 it will be a duty of 140
per cent, on this article.
_ I submit to the gentleman, in the fits* place,
it is proper to lower the duty on brandy to
accommodate ourselves to some extent to the
reduction of internal taxes on domestic spirits •
and in the next place, when we lower it to $2
we still retain a large protection in favor of the
domestic manufacture, because we still put
140 per cent, upon this imported article.
I do not plead particalarly in the interest of
brandy drinkers or brandy importers; but I
believe we will get as mnch revenue at $2 as
i>3. The truth is we have been pretty much
prohibiting the importation of foreign brandies
in favor of domestie spirits; and while we were
catching whisky by the throat and taxing it
as high as possible, at the time we compelled
brandy to stand aside, and very reasonably, so
as to get an much revenue as possible out of
whisky. While we propose to let down on
brandy as we have on whisky, yet we do not
let down in the proposition of the committee
anything like in. the samo proportion in the
duty on the foreign article that we have lowered
the internal tax on the domestie article.
Mr. AXTELL. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. COBCTllN. I renew it. Mr. Chairman,
this is not a question of protection, as the gen-
tleman from Ohio would seem to indicate, it is
not purely a question of protection, but it is
primarily a question of taxing luxuries. We
hear day after day and week after week speeches
about taking care of the poor men and lighten-
ing the burdens of taxation upon the poor
men of this country. No one, I think, has
heard me making any such speeches. What
do we see? The very gentlemen who have
talked so much of taking care of the poor
men of the country we now find voting in favor
of knocking down the duties on wines and
brandies. These, I say, are luxuries next to
jewelry. Fine wines and brandies are luxuries
next to the finest class of gems. Fine brandy
may be compared to fine diamonds, and, as lux-
uries, these articles ought to pay a heavy duty.
No poor man can afford to use fine brandy :
none but men of wealth, men of great pecun-
iary ability, can afford to indulge in it. The
question is whether we shall tax as it ought to
be taxed this article which rich men only use.
Why should we reduce it? The rich man
will drink just as much if the duty on brandy
were $4 a gallon as he would when it is $2 a
gallon ; just as the rich man will use as mnch
fine broadcloth although it may rise to double
the price which it was at some former period.
The use of all these articles of luxury is meas-
ured, not by their price, but by the" desire of
the user; and I have no hesitation in saying
that every dollar should be collected from this
article which it is possible to collect, i with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. BUKDETT. I renew it. I know of
but one single objection which cau be made by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means that would induce me to sustain the
figure in the bill as against that in the amend-
ment ; and that is, if he can show that by con-
tinuing the duty as it now is at §3 per gallon
we are liable to smuggling to such an e:rtent
that we would lose more in that way than we
would by the reduction of the duty to $2.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will state to the gen-
tleman that the duty of 53 has been found to
be so high as to be almost prohibitive, and ha:;
promoted smuggling from, the British prov
inces to a large extent.
The question was put off Mr. Axtell's
amendment, to substitute S3 for $2; and there
were—ayes 36, noes 22; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Axtkll, and Mr.
IIoopeh of Massachusetts.
The committee divided; and the teller.;
reported—ayes 00, noes 53.
So the amendment was agreed to.
