1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483"
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Education—Mr. Hoar,
Ho. of Reps.
TABLE—Continued.
Articles or class of arti-
cles.
Country whose products
are believed to have
replaced those of this
district in whole or in
part.
Jewelry:
Gold, gilt, and fancy
steel, in very great vari-
etv.
Small steel trinkets:
As bag and purse clasps,
steel buttons, chains,
key-rings and otherfast-
enings, and many others,
in great variety.
Leather bags, with
clasps, purses, and cour-
ier-bags, &o.
Buttons:
Mother of pearl.
Horn.
Porcelain, (formerly
Minton's, of Stoke.)
Steel buttons,(formerly
Bolton & Watts.)
Florentine or lasting
boot buttons.
Steel pens, penholders,
brass scales and weights.
Cutlery:
In great variety; scis-
sors; light edge-tools,
suoh as chisels, <fcc.
Pins for piano strings,
and other small fittings
for pianos.
Silver wire for binding
the bass strings of pianos,
Ac.
Iron gas-tubing.
Elastic belts with metal
fastenings.
Br;iss chandeliers and
gas-fittings, harness
buckles and furniture.
German silver spoons,
forks. &q.
Locks:
Iiest trunk, door, and
cabinet locks.
Umbrella furniture.
Horn combs.
Pearl and tortoise-shell
articles.
Iron wire.
Iron and brass hooks
and eyes.
Bronzed articles.
Hollow wares, enam-
eled.
Optical instruments,
mathematical instru-
ments.
Japanned wares.
Bits and stirrups.
Coach springs and
axle-trees.
Electro-plated wares,
(customers preferring
French goods.)
Gas-fittings.
Weighing-machines.
Plumbers' brass found-
ory.
Table glassware.
Door-locks.
Machines for domestic
purposes, as sausage-ma-
chines, coffee-mills, and
washing-machines.
Nuts and bolts.
Penknives and scissors.
Stamped brassware,
(certain kinds.)
American " notions,"
as buckets, clothes-pegs,
washingand agricultural
machines.
I?
France and Germany.
These articles are even
imported into Eng-
land.
France and Ger-
many. Many of these
oven imported into
England.
Austria, France, and
Russia. We believe
about all these articles
sold in England are
imported.
Vienna, imported to
England.
France, imported to
England.
France entirely su-
perseded English, and
imported to England
largely.
France.
Germany.
France.
Germany.
Franco.
France.
Germany.
| Germany.
t France and Prussia.
France,
Prussia.
Austria, and
Prussia and France,
and Russia.
France
Prussia,
France
Prussia
Prussia
Prussia
France
and Austria,
andBelgium.
and France,
and France,
and Prussia.
France, Austria, and
Bavaria.
Germany and France.
Belgium and France.
France.
France.
United States.
The evidence further showed that the man-
ufacturing classes were awake to the import-
ance of this class of schools, and were already
contributing munificently for their endowment.
At Halifax had been endowed a workingmen's
college, with classes for instruction in chem-
istry, mechanical drawing, and practical engi-
neering. At Huddersfield special classes for
teaching chemistry as applied to dyeing were
supported by private manufacturers of the
neighborhood. At Bradford, a town which is
growing more rapidly than any other manu-
facturing town in England, containing a pop-
ulation of one hundred and fifty thousand
inhabitants, and peculiar for the fact that the
manufacturing establishments are owned by
the men who have built them up, and the
wealth which is accumulated there is expended
at home in the increase of the prosperity of
the community so largely developed, to a
building fund of £50,000 has been added a
| gift by one man of £100,000 for the establish-
} ment of a technical school. In Manchester
£150,000, equal to nearly a million dollars in
l our present currency, has been raised to estab-
lish and provide for a like instruction. In
Bristol is a trade school, where one hundred
| and fifty boys are taught. The pupils in this
school are preferred as apprentices in the chief
engineering and chemical establishments.
Now, just look at that fact, which is per-
haps more significant than any other, because
it is not the habit of English people, as our
people do, to give largely ot their private means
to institutions of charity. It is well known
that the great charitable and educational in-
stitutions there are founded by Government,
or in ancient times by ecclesiastics who could
not leave their wealth for the foundation of a
family, which is the great object of ambition
to an Englishman.
The following is an extract from the report
of the commission :
"The industrial system of the present age is based
on the substitution of mechanical for animal power;
its development is due in this country to its stores
of coal ana of metallic ores, to ourgeographical posi-
tion and temperate climate, and to the unrivaled
energy of our population.
"At the same time nearly every witness speaks of
the extraordinarily rapid progress of continental
nations in manufactures, and attributes that rapid-
ity, not to the model workshops which are met with
in some foreign countries, ana are but an indifferent
substitute for our own great factories and tor those
which are rising up in every part of the continent,
but, besides other causes, to the scientific training
of the proprietors and managorsin France, Switzer-
land, Belgium, and Germany, and to the elementary
instruction which is universal among the working
population of Germany and Switzerland.
" There can be no doubt from the evidenee of Mr.
Mundella, of Professor Fleeming Jenkin, Mr. Kit-
son, and others, and from the numerous reports of
competent observers, that the facilities lor acquiring
a knowledge of theoretical and applied science are
incomparably greater on the continent than in this
country, and thn.t such knowledge is based on an
advanced state of secondary education. All the wit-
nesses concur in desiring similar advantages of edu-
cation for this country, an dare satisfied that nothing
more is required, and that nothingless will suffice, in
order that we may retain the position which we now
hold in the van of all industrial nations. AH are of
opinion that itis of inc-alculableimportance econom-
ically that our manufacturers and managers should
be thoroughly instructed in the principles of their
arts.
"They are convinced that a knowledge of the prin-
ciples of science on the part of those who occupy the
higher industrial ranks, and the possession of ele-
mentary instruction by thoso who hold subordinate
positions, would tend to promote industrial progress
by stimulating improvement, preventing costly and
unphilosophical attempts at impossible invention®,
diminishing waste, and obviating in a greatmeasure
ignorant opposition to salutary changes."
Mr. Scott Russell, an eminent builder of iron
ships, from whose testimony I have already
quoted, has published a work on technical edu-
cation which should be in the hands of every
manufacturer in America. In that work he
says:
"By the exhibition of 1867 wo were rudely awak-
ened and thoroughly alarmed. We then learned, not
that we were equaled, but that we were beaten; not
on some points, but by some nation or other on nearly
all those points on which we had prided ourselves."
«■ x ■* "In the great manufactures of
iron men-of-war, with their huge steam-engines,
ponderous wrought-iron armor, wc found ourselves
equaled, if not beaten. The design of the French
engine showed so much forethought, practical wis-
dom, and provision for economy as left no doubt it
would consume less fuel, do more work, endure
longer, and run less chance of accident than our own
engines." 15 *> •*" " Everywhere, too,
in rails, railway wheels, railway tiros, and axles, in
large wrought-iron beams for house-building, in iron
plates and bars and frames for iron ships, in these
which were all our own, we found ourselves rivaled,
excelled in size and quality, and competed with in
price. On land, therefore, as well as at sea, our mas-
tery of the iron trade seemed to have disappeared.
"In smelting, mining, locomotive-building, and
the great branches of commercial machinery, a sin-
gle great establishment in France, called Greusot, ap-
peared, like a chivalric knight, to issue a challenge
against all England. Creusot possesses the natural
advantages of England, inasmuch as under its own
soil it has the iron, the coal, and other minerals in
thesameabundanceasourselves. But Creusot, under
the wise direction of President Schneider, was en-
dowed with an advantage which wo had neglected,
the possession of a systematic organization of tech-
nical schools. Creusot has a generation of workmen
schooled and trained on the spot. The schools are a
model which we shall long emulate in vain. It will
ta.ke us twelve years to overtake M. Schneider. Ho
imports his locomotives even into England, and all
round the coasts of France, and round her inland
borders Schneider serves with locomotive engines,
iron plates and forgings customers who used to como
to us for those commodities." * •* k. >
"In the race of nations," he concludes, "we shall
find it hard to overtake the five and twenty years we
have lo3t."
I desire to have read in this connection as
part of my remarks some interesting extracts
from the Edinburgh Review of April, 1868:
"What is our actual relative place in the man-
ufacturing and engineering industry of the world
at this time? All who have given attention to this
subject have expressed their misgivings or their
decided opinion to the effect thatwo nave lost the first
place and are fast retrograding. This is no longer a
matter of conjccturc, for the Paris exhibition of last
year afforded evidence of our decline on the largest
possible scale. The verdict of several competent
judges is against our present preeminenc e, and with
various forms of emphasis a declaration of our
gradual decline.
"As foreigners have taken our machinery and
fabrics for their models, and copied and improved
from them, it would bo a graceful return that we
should take their technical schools as our models
and improve upon them. They have learned from
us how to manufacture, let us see if wo can learn
from them how to teach."
" Tho Ecole Centrale is now the most celebrated
school of applied sciences in the world, and so great
have been the servicos it has rendered that M. Mi-
chael Chevalier once said: ' If the Ecole Centrale were
not in existence it would be necessary to create it as
tho complement of tho treaties of commerce.' No
testimony to itsvaluccan be greaterthan that borne
to it by M. Dumas, the well-known savant, a senator
of France, who, in going through the recent exhi-
bition at Paris, was accustomed, whenever anything
excellent in French manufacture struck his atten-
tion, to ask, ' Was tho manager of this establishment
a pupil of tho Ecole Centrale des Art* et Manufactures V
and in the great majority of instances he received an
affirmative reply. Indeed, throughout Franco there
is but one opinion of the value of the diploma of tho
Ecole Centrale. Whether those who hold it become
chemists or metallurgists or contractors, they are
everywhere found to bo thoroughly well-prepared
men, intelligent as draughtsmen, and ready in the
application of their theoretical knowledge.
" Lyons has the Ecole Centrale and the Ecole Martin-
icrc, which prepareits children for the silk factories
and for other trades. Mulhousehas printworks, the
prints from which are unrivaled in the whoJo world.
I n these most of the machinery is English or copied
from English models, while tho technical director
wis trained at Berlin, and the son ot one of the par-
ties at ileidelburg, where he has studied chemistry
under Bunsen and KirkhofF There is a minuto
chemical testing in these works of all materials,
dyes, soaps, and albumen, which would be scouted
in England. By this means they are enabled, to
become tho first producers of tho more expensive
class of prints, while wo hold the highest place in
manufacturing tho commonest prints. Machinery
is contrived to produce varieties of colors at a great
expenditure of skilled labor. The engineering works
of Messrs. Roechlin & Co. employ two thousand
persons, and on an averago they annually produce
eighty locomotive-engines besides steam-engines
and machinery for spinning and weaving and for
great variety of other purposes. By the sideof those
great and prosperous establishments are found, as
we should expect, two good, science-teaching schools.
The first resembles the Ecole Turgot. of Paris, except
that it possesses a workshop, in which boys learn
to work in wood and iron, and ha? affiliation to a
weaving-school. The second is a higher technical
school resembling the Ecole Centrale of Lyons and
Pads. It ownsacomplete chemical labratory,whero
special attpnrion is paid to the chemistry of dyes.
"All the chief manufacturing towns of France are
now thoroughly alive to the importance of scientific
education, and all ranks are cooperating m it, from
the emperor and his ministers down to the manu-
facturers and their men. ^ It is a great advantage to
that country that while the English manufacturing
system was established long before any attempt was
made to bring special education to bear upon it by
means of schools of design or art, on the other hand,
on tho continent, tho special teaching of knowledge
applicable to industry grew up side by side with it.
Th us the great silk trade of Lyons grewup.paripasflu,
with its excellent technical school, and each acted
and reacted, the one upon the other, during a period
