1869.
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
_ Mr. JUDD. -I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of making an order in the
House that the remaining portion of to-day's
session shall bo devoted to debate alone, and
that no further business Shall be transacted.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the ehair, Mr. Alli-
son reported that the Committee of the "Whole
On the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the Union generally undcir consider-
ation, and particularly the annual message of
the President of the United States, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that when the
House again resolves itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union it shall
be with the understanding that there shall be
no business done, and that the session shall be
for debate alone.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. CAKE. Iaskunanimousconsenttotake
a bill from the Speaker's table for reference.
Objection was made.
Mr. SCOFIELD. X move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I renew the motion that
there shall be no further business transacted
this evening.
J.he SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent, and the gentleman from Illinois ob-
jects.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If we have unanimous
consent, excepting the gentleman from Illinois,
I am sure that we shall have no business this
evening; and I modify my motion iu that way.
^ i? IJ' That cannot be done.
Mr FAENSWORTH. linsistthatmyfrieud
from I ennsylvania shall remain during the ses-
sions of the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD, I am going to stay to take
care of my friend from Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved that the rules
be suspended and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
'I ho House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the stato of the
Union, (Mr. Allison in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the President's
annual message.
UNITED STATUS DEBT.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Chairman, for the
statements I am about to make and the course
of policy which I believe ought to be pursued
by us in regard to aportion of our public debt,
and for the reasons and arguments 1 shall bring
forward in support of my views on tiiese ques-
tions, I wish no party or man to be held respons-
ible but myself. J shall attempt to give my
own views, condensed as much as possible, hav-
ing only one hour to speak on the questions
mentioned, acting as an individual member of
thisllouse and responsible only to the Almighty
under the oath I have taken and to the hard-
working constituency I have the honor to rep-
resent on this floor.
The President of the United States in his
recent message has marked out his line of
financial policy, which, in my humble opinion,
vI®ry 1*esPectfuIIy stated, is just such a line as
the bondholders and national bankers would
tjVS rec°mmen<^cd if a committee of their
ablest ana most unscrupulous men wore to ex-
press their views on the financial condition of
the country, and mark out a course by which
they could most successfully fleece the people.
Judging from certain recent money transac-
tions m the city of New York and in Washing-
ton city, I am not much astonished that our
excellent President has taken the course he
did. He is now going to stop such affairs, he
says. \V hen a man has satisfied his hunger he
feels for the time that he will not want any more
to eat. The issue is now fairly made up : the
message has settled and defined it. The plain
issue, stripped of all verbiage, is the subju-
gation of the people by the moneyed power of
the nation, or the repudiation of the bonded
debt. The message is before the people, and
I cannot spare time to quote from it.
Having carefully and anxiously watched the
course pursued by the leaders of the Repub-
lican party, and especially the nature and char-
acter of their congressional legislation, I have
come to the deliberate conclusion that they
have but two objects in view, but two things to
accomplish, but two motives which govern and
control them. The message but strengthens
my belief on this point. The first and para-
mount of theso is to keep the Radical party in
power; the second is how to get all the money
possible off the people without provoking resist-
ance. The latter is now called statesmanship
by some. The President and Mr. Boutwell,
his Secretary of the Treasury, boast that they
have collected more revenue since they have
been in office than was collected in the nine
months preceding. They might as well say
they have been more successful in robbing the
people. I have sought in vain through the
statutes and the resolutions passed by the last
few Congresses, all largely Republican, and the
late message of the President, and can discover
no other motives underlying them. One or the
other of the two, either in a direct or indirect
form, is at the bottom of all their legislation.
The good of the masses of the people is lost
sight of or ignored, while every successive act
ot legislation, and the recent recommendations
of the Executive, serve but to bind and rivet
the chains of slavery more tightly upon the
people. The American people have been made
slaves by Republican legislation. Professor
Walker, in his work entitled the Science of
Wealth, page 801, defines a slave to be " one
who does not enjoy the fruits of his labor fur-
ther than to preserve his efficiency. Jt is little
matter in what way this is brought about,
whether by lawless violence or legal exactions,
the result is the same." There is no doubt
about the correctness of tho professor's state-
ment, or the fact that the people are slaves in
the sense in which he uses tlie term. In this
view of the case who is not a slave in all our
broad land ? Who enjoys the fruits of his labor?
Who is not robbed by the tax-gatherers? Who
is a freeman except the bondholder, who is
exempted from State and municipal taxation?
He is the aristocratic lord of his numerous vas-
sals, and they are the laboring and producing
classes, the children of toil whose muscles and
sweat and labor are coined into gold to pay
interest on the bonds, in a majority of cases
fraudulently obtained by tho lordly bondholder.
Webster defines the noun slave to be " a per-
son who is held in bondage to another, a drudge,
one who labors like a slave,'' &e. Are not the
American people held iu bondage? Franklin
said " the debtor is the slave of the creditor."
This being true, they are all slaves to the bond-
holders. What difference to them whether
held in bondage to the bondholders through the
intervention of Congness, or whether they are
so held directly, without congressional inter-
vention I If the bondholders had to visit their
victims, the tax-payers, in person, and exact
the payment of their gold interest, how long
would the people submit to such a thing? Yet
that would be better, if it could be done, for it
would do away with the swarms of assessors
and their deputies, collectors and their assist-
ants, and spies, detectives, and all the tens of
thousands of revenue officers who yearly t ake
up and receive one half of the revenue tax col-
lected for all purposes ; collected to pay the
interest on the bonds to support a large and
unnecessary standing army, to feed and clothe
indolent negroes through the agency of that
immense swindle called the Freedmen's Bu-
reau, to educate little negroes at school and
educate big negroes at General Howard's col-
lege, arid for the numerous other useless, not
to say infamous^ corrupt and festering sores
on the body-politic. The Radical party are
chargeable with these things; and Special Com-
missioner Wells, in his report for 1868, says:
"The Commissioner in both of his previous reports
has given it as his opinion, and adduced faots in sup-
port of the same. that not over fifty per cent, of tho
amountof assessed internal revenue taxes is received
in the national Treasury."
Commissioner Clarke says substantially the
same thing. Thus we see that the people to.
satisfy the claim of a bondholder for $100 in-
terest iu gold—for instance, with gold at 130—
have to pay to the tax-collector $200 in car
rency; one half of which goes to the bondholder;
the other half goes to enrich" corrupt Gov-
ernment officials, perhaps to enable them to
pay the enormous levies of black-mail put upon
them by the Radical leaders for election pur-
poses each year.
■ The public debt in bonds amounts to about
$2,600,000,000; the interest on this in gold is
annually $146,000,000. To pay this interest
the people are taxed twice -that amount, or
$292,000,000 in gold, or $488,000,000 in cur-
rency, under Radical legislation. For all this
the people simply get in return the glorious
satisfaction of having contributed to swell tho
wealth of tho bloated and aristocratic bond-
holder ; to feed and clothe and fill tho pockets
of a lot of dishonest Government officials, and
to keep up the splendor and extravagance of a
Republican administration.
The President seems to lay particular stress
upon the economy of his Administration, but
says nothing about the numerous pleasure trips
of his Excellency and his Cabinet on a Govern-
ment vessel, the Tallapoosa, and at the Govern-
ment expense. He says nothing about Long
Branch, or the other fashionable places of
resort where he was wined and dined " and
distinguished himself in various ways ; nothing
about his Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Bout°
well, payinga premium of twenty-two per cent,
for five-twenty bonds which were redeemable
in currency by virtue of their terms and of the
act of July 11, 18G2, known as the "legal ten-
der act," and in clear violation of section
twenty-three of the national bank act, from
which I will quote only a paragraph, after
authorizing the issue of currency by them :
r samo shall bereeeived atparin all parts
ol the United btates in payment of taxes, excises,
public lands, a,nd atl other dues to the United States
excepltor duties on imports; and also for all salaries
and other debts and demands owing by the United
btates to individuals, corporations, and associations
within tho United States, cxcopt intereston tho pub-
lic debt, and in redemption of the national cur-
rency.
For thus violating the laws he was sworn to
support, in my opinion, he ought to be im-
peached. This may be some new fashioned
economy, but the people will fail to appreciate
the style.
The Cincinnati Enquirer, with more courage
than consideration, attacked me a few days
since for not voting for the bill introduced by
the honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Ingersoll,] providing for the issue of $44,000-
000. That bill contained a proviso legalizing
and authorizing the purchase and redemption
by the Secretary of the Treasury of bonds at his
discretion and at such premium as he might
see proper. We have had enough of his style
of redemption of bonds, and I could not under
my oath, nor will I ever, vote to allow Mr.
Boutwell to give to the bondholder a premium,
of twenty-twoper cent, for bonds which were
payable at their face in currency. The issue
of the additional currency and the discretionary
power to pay such premiums were in the bill
together. While willing to have the additional
$44,000,000 issued I was unwilling to legalize
the Boutwell swindle. If the Enquirer can
make any capital for itself or against me it is
welcome thereto.
This state of affairs must have an end. Labor,
which produces every dollar of wealth, pays
every dollar of interest on the bonds, pays every
centof Government expense, cannot stand such
pressure ; it must and will free itself from such
