5274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
this bill; but I am anxious that the bill should
pass. I wish a practical measure ; but I fear
if we begin now by adopting amendments, we
shall overload the bill so that it will not be a
practical measure ; it cannot pass.
There is a very important bill on our Calen-
dar providing for a breakwater in Massachu-
setts, recommended, I believe, by the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and also by tbe engineers;
one which if built will be of substantiahmport-
unce to the commerce of the country; but I
hesitate to move that on this bill. It would
occupy the time of the Senate, and very likely
would be voted down ; and I am sure that
if it were put on it would lead the way for
other similar propositions, which would end
by freighting this bill so heavily that in the
end it would be lost.
Under these circumstances, therefore, I feel
that I must vote against the proposition of the
Senator reluctantly and with hesitation, but
because I am anxious that the bill now before
the Senate should pass substantially in the form
which it now has.
Mr. KELLOGG. When this question was
before the Committee on Commerce, at the
time this bill was under consideration, I voted
for the amendment proposed by the Senator
from North Carolina. 1 do not say that I shall
not vote for it now ; but if I do, it will be with
great hesitation. Indeed, I think I shall not
vote at all, because I am placed in a very em
barrassing and awkward position regarding this
matter. As I have said, J voted for the prop-
osition when before the committee, and did all
that I could to favor it; and did I not believe
that it would not only jeopardize, but be fatal
to the bill, I should be very anxious now to see
it attached to the bill.
Now, sir, I have an amendment of consider-
able importance to the people of the State
which 1 have the honor in part to represent,
no less than an appropriation of some magni-
tude looking to the removal of obstructions
from one of the largest navigable streams in
our State. Some two months ago I procured
the passage of a joint resolution through the
Senate, which also passed the House and was
approved by the President, under which a sur-
vey was made at some cost and considerable
delay, and which has just arrived. A letter
accompanies the report of tbe officer making
the survey from General Humphreys, the chief
of engineers, indorsed also by the Secretary of
War, recommending the appropriation, and it
is of considerable importance to the district of
theTeche, the great sugar districtin Louisiana.
But, sir, I feel so profoundly impressed with
the conviction that if an amendment is attached
to this bill at this stage of the session, when we
have only about eight, legislative days before
us, if may be fatal to it, that I finally concluded,
with much reluctance, to abstain from offering
that amendment. If, however, this amend-
ment should prevail, and if other like amend-
ments, as I doubt not they will in case this
should be agreed to, should be offered, I shall
feel it my duty to offer that amendment. As
I said before, that amendment is lecommended
by the War Department and by the chief of
engineers, upon a survey recently made under
a joint resolution of both Houses of Congress,
and it is certainly as meritorious as any like
amendment that could be proposed to this bill.
But, ns I have said, I do not propose to offer
it unless other amendments aro offered and
voted upon the bill.
Now, sir, I regret that I cannot look with
the same favor that T bestowed upon it as a
member of the Committee on Commerce, when
it was before that committee, upon this amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from North
Carolina. I believe it is meritorious; but I
firmly believe that if it is attached to this bill
it will defeat the bill; and even if the bill goes
back to the House, as amended by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, I fear that will be
tbe result; and I firmly believe, I was about
to say, if the amendment proposed by the
Senator from North Carolina is attached to
(he bill the bill will be inevitably defeated.
The bill contains an appropriation for the
mouth of the Mississippi river, a compara-
tively large appropriation I admit, not com-
mensurate with the demands, not commens-
urate with the necessities of that river, or of
the commerce which enters into that river.
The great entrepot to the Mississippi valley is
entitled to more consideration than it has
received at the hands of the Committee on
Commerce in this bill. A mere meager sum
of $300,000 is appropriated for the purpose of
clearing out the bar at tbe mouth of the Mis-
sissippi river, including the Pass a L'Outre
and the Southwest Pass. More than a billion
of commerce every year passes over those bars
and goes through that great entrepot to and
fiom the Mississippi valley. But still, though
that appropriation be meager, it is absolutely
necessary that it should be given. It is abso-
lutely necessary that the amount, meager as it
is, of $300,000 should be appropriated at this
session of Congress; for our bar is closed up,
or at least rendered practically useless to ves-
sels of large draught, for two or three months,
or the interim of time that will elapse from the
time we adjourn, that is to say, the last of
July—for that is the history of that bar—to the
1st of October. Whole fleets lie off that bar
for the two months of September and October,
and are unable to get over the bar, and it has
been so since the war, because of the want of
an appropriation to carry on that very neces-
sitous work.
Now, sir, I cannot look with favor upon any
amendment calculated to injure this bill. It is
very important to us, I repeat again, that this
single appropriation of $300,000, at least,
should be given us. I hope the Senate will
vote down all amendments to the bill; but if
they are going to vote amendments upon the
bill, I have no hesitation in saying that I for
one desire that the amendment proposed by my
friend from North Carolina shall be adopted.
Mr. ABBOTT. Mr. President, I wish to say
a word about the danger that these amendments
impose on the bill. It has been said by the
chairman of the committee that if this amend-
ment is added the bill will be killed. And it
has been reiterated again by several other Sen-
ators, and it is even said that it is feared that
the appropriation of §7,500 put on by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina will kill the bill. If
the life of this bill is so frail as that, it is ques-
tionable whether it had not better die without
undertaking to go any further with it. The
proposition is, to my mind, absurd that a
bill containing appropriations amounting to
$2,500,000 or more is to be killed because
an appropriation of $100,000 is added to it.
I think there is another and a deeper rea-
son why these Senators oppose this amend-
ment. Here is Ohio, with an appropriation
of $386,000; here is Michigan, with an appro-
priation of $343,000; here is Illinois, with an
appropriation of $400,000; and each one of the
Senators from those States is opposing this
appropriation of $100,000. The Senator from
Louisiana did not exactly oppose it, but he
almost damned the appropriation with faint
praise. It may be that some Senators fear that
if amendments are made to the bill it may hap-
pen that some of the appropriations in this bill
may be cut down, and they may not get what
they desire for the harbors around the lakes.
Now, let us have a vote on the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays. J
resulted—yeas 21, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard. Eoreman, Cas-
serly, Davis, Fowler, Hamilton of Texas, Horns
J ohnston, Lewis, MeOreery, O>born Pool, Rico, Rob-
ertson, Ross, Sawyer, fcprague, Vickers, Warner
and Wilson—21.
NAYS —Messrs Anthony, Carpenter, Chnndler, !
Cole, Gonklmg, Corbett, Brake, Gilbert, Harlan,
Howard, Howe, Jiovsell, Pratt, Ramsey, Sherman
a nn^TJ-mpton* and Ti umbull—18.
AiibJiiNl—Messrs. Ames,Brownlow, Buckingham,
Cameron, C.ittell, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry.
Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Kellogg,.
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Itevels,,
Salisbury, Schurz, Scott, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton,
Thayer, Thurman, Willey, Williams, and Yates—33..
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I move to amend the
bill by inserting on page 8, after line one hun-
dred and eighty-five, the following :
For the improvement of James river, in Virginia,
and the removal of bars and obstructions from Rich-
mond to and including Harrison's bar, below the
junction of the James and Appomattox rivers,
$200,000.
Just before the war a survey was made of
the James river, which indicated all the bars
that were in the river. The bars of that river
are not of sand, but of clay and stone, and
the survey then made will answer every pur-
pose of a survey made now. The only addi-
tional obstructions that there aro in the river
qxq those
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator will
not discuss it. I shall resist no further amend-
ments. I accept any amendment that any
Senator sees fit to offer. I hope there will
be no discussion, but that they will be simply
put on the bill. I accept every amendment
offered.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Very well, sir. Then I
have nothing further to say.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Virginia.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I call for a division.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on this question. I hope that the Senate will
grant the little pittance that we ask for Vir-
ginia. It is the only thing that we have asked.
The yeas and nays were ofdered.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out " two " andinsert-
ing " one;" so as to make the appropriation
$100,000.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I trust that the Senator
from South Carolina will allow the appropria-
tion to remain as I have offered it. Two hun-
dred thousand dollars will complete the work,
and then we shall have nothing more to ask. As
the subject is now before the Senate, 1 hope
the Senator will allow the vote to be taken on
the original amount. Two hundred thousand
dollars will be sufficient to complete the im-
provement, and if that is granted I shall ask
nothing more for that river.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina to the amendment offered by
the Senator from Virginia, to strike out " two ''
and insert " one so as to make the appro-
priation $100,000 instead of $200,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. MORTON. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator from Virginia whether there has been any
survey of this river recently under the author-
ity of the Government?
Mr. JOHNSTON. Yes, sir; there was a
survey just before the war in 1880.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will answer that there
was the same survey in this case that there was
°f the^Cape Fear river, and the same reason
exists for adopting this amendment that existed
for adopting that.
Mr. MORION. While Ishouldbe very glad
to vote for improvements of southern rivers and
harbors, and while there are peculiar reasons
why I should like to do it, and I did not feel
like voting against the amendment of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, yet it seems to mo
that it will not do for us to set the example of
making appropriations for rivers and harbors
without having a survey, and a recent survey.
1 he obstructions in a river or harbor change
in the course of a few years, and we cannoi
appropriate money intelligently without a sur-
vey. Now, 1 suggest to our friends from Vir-
