2442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6}
Mr. McGREW. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
Mr. SCHENCK. I thought we were liberal
enough when we proposed to rise at half past
four. I hope the gentleman's proposition will
be voted down.
The question was put on Mr. McGrew's
motion; and there were—ayes thirty-three,
noes not counted.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask that one more para-
graph be read, to which I have a slight amend-
ment to propose.
The Clerk read as follows:
On cordials, liqueurs, arrack, absinthe, kirsch-
wasser, vermuth, ratafia, and other similar spiritu-
ous beverages, or bitters containing spirits, and not
otherwise provided for, $2 per proof gallon: Pro-
vided, That any brandy or other spirituous liquors
imported in oases of less than 14 gallons shall be
forfeited to tho United States.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the word "cases," and inserting in
lieu thereof the word " casksand by insert-
ing after the word "less," the word "capa-
city."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COBURN. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "$2," and inserting "$2 50;" so as
to make the duty on these liquors $2 50 per
gallon.
Mr. SCHENCK. The hour having arrived
when I agreed that the committee should rise,
will the gentleman yield to me while I make
that motion ?
Mr. COBURN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the commit-
tee vise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose: and the Speaker
having resumed tho chair, Mr. Wheeler re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
1068) to amend existing laws relating to the
duty on imports, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
election contest—taylor vs. reading.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to present a priv-
ileged report from a minority of the Committee
of Elections, and send to the desk to be read
the accompanying resolutions.
The Clerk read as follows:
llosolved. That Caleb N. Taylor, the contestant, is
not entitled to a scat in this House as Representative
from the fifth congressional district of Pennsylvania.
Jtewhed, That John R. ltoadinjr, tho sitting mem-
ber, is entitled to a seat in this House as Represent-
ative from the fifth congres:>iuniil district of Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the report
bo printed.
The motion was agreed to.
annexation 01' dominica.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce a joint reso-
lution to annex tho republic of Dominica,
with a view to its being referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, indefinite- leave of
absence was granted to Mr. Ridgtvay ; to Mr.
Thimble for three weeks, and to Mr. Rioe for
three weeks.
withdrawal 01? vapeks.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to withdraw from the files
of the House the original papers accompany-
ing the bill for the relief of Mrs. Susan D.
Anderson, in order that she might use them
in an application to the proper Department for
relief.
And then, on motion of Mr. BUTLER, of
Massachusetts, (at four o'clock and thirty-five
minutes p. in.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ATWOOD: The remonstrance of H.
Richarason, Alexander Graham, and others,
citizens of Janesville, Wisconsin, agaiust the
passage of the seventh section of die funding
bill.
Also, the remonstrance of L. B. Caswell, H.
B. Willard, and others, citizens of Fort Atkin-
son, Wisconsin, against the passage of the
seventh section of the funding bill.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of General
G. Cluseret, a citizen of the United States, ask-
ing that justice may be done him and other
American citizens residing in foreign States
by securing to them their rights, and protest-
ing against his imprisonment in 1809 by order
of the French Government.
By Mr. BIRD: A petition of citizens of tho
county of Middlesex, in the State of New Jer-
sey, asking for the reduction of duty on sugar
and molasses, and to abolish the duty on tea
and coffee.
By Mr. BLAIR: The memorial of Alexan-
der Ewing and others, citizens of Dexter, Mich-
igan, against section seven of the funding bill.
Also, the petition of Charles F. Gorham and
others, of Marshall, Michigan, to the same
elfect.
Also, the petition ofV. P. Collier and others,
of Battle Creek, Michigan, to the same effect.
By Mr. CLEVELAND : A joint resolution
of the Legislature of New Jersey, asking that
Jersey City be made a port of entry.
By Mr. CULLOM : A petition of a large
number of citizens of Springfield, Illinois, who
are dealers in distilled spirits, praying that all
the tax on such spirits be collected at the dis-
tillery.
Also, a petition of citizens of Virden, Illi-
nois, asking that section seven of tho funding
bill now before the House be stricken out, &e.
Also, a memorial of a committee of the Cigar-
makers' National Union, asking a change of
the law in relation to tb e manufacture of cigars.
Also, a petition of bankers and others, citi-
zens of Fairbury, Illinois, asking that section
seven of the bill known as tho funding bill be
stricken out.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of William
H. Maultby, A. I). Woolston, and 09 others,
citizens of Cheboygan, praying for the organ-
ization of a third United States judicial district,
including Cheboygan county, in the State of
Michigan.
By Air. HILL: The memorial of David J.
Scott, asking for reimbursement of money paid
by him.
By Mr. LOGAN: The petition of W. S.
Bratton and many others, citizens of Coulters-
ville, Illinois, asking that the Constitution of
the United States recognize the Almighty as
the source of all authority, &c.
Also, the petition of David Sanbourn and
others, of Salisbury, Illinois, in opposition to
the Senate funding bill.
Also, the petition of William P. Murphy and
others, of Sparta, Illinois, in reference to the
establishment of a Chinese university, &c.
Also, a petition of many citizens of Quincy,
Illinois, asking extension of railroad from
Brownsville, in Nebraska, to tho westward.
By Mr. PACKARD: The petition of M. L.
McClelland and others, citizens of Valparaiso,
Indiana, in opposition to the proposed legisla-
tion affecting national banks.
By Mr. PAINE: Tho memorial of B. B.
Northrup and others, citizens of Racine. Wis-
consin, m favor of free banking.
Also, the petition of Dr. Leon Alcan, for
relief.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of A. Y.
Stokes and others, merchants and citizens of
Richmond, Virginia, praying the passage of a
law allowing the importation of pig lead from
foreign countries free of duty.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 6, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. RICE. I move to dispense with the
further reading of the Journal. _ ,
Mr. RAMSEY. I think it is unfair to take
advantage of the absence of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] who is always
opposed to this motion. If he were here lie
would object. I think I shall object in his
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to dispensing with the reading of the Journal?
Mr. VICKERS. I ask that it be read. The
Senate is very thin.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading of
the Journal will be continued.
The Secretary resumed and concluded ,the
reading of the Journal.
house bills keferked.
The bill (H. R. No. I486) amendatory of an
act establishing the Office of Education, discon-
tinuing the Freedmen's Bureau, and for other
purposes, was read twice by its title.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move that that bill
bo referred to the Committee on Retrench-
ment.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not see exactly how
that bill can with propriety be referred to the
Committee on Retrenchment. It seems to me
it belongs to the Committee on Education and
Labor. A subject cognate to this has been
referred to the Committee on Retrenchment,
and, for that reason, the chairman of that com-
mittee desires to have this bill go there; yet it
does seem to me that it is proper that it should
go to the Educational Committee. 1 simply
make these remarks to apprise the Senate of
what the matter is, and they may make such
disposition of it as they please.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Missouri make a motion to that effect?
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to say that two
bills, I think, of the House in regard to this sub-
ject were referred to the Committee on Re-
trenchment and one of.the Senate. The Com-
mittee on Retrenchment had the matter under
consideration fortwo or three successive morn-
ings, took voluminous testimony on the sub-
ject, and prepared a bill and reported it, and
it is now on your Calendar, covering this whole
subject. For that reason we thought this bill
ought properly to go to our committee. We
do not wish, of course, to trench on the priv-
ileges of the Committee on Education and
Labor.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Hampshire moves that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Retrenchment.
The motion was agreed to.
'The bill (II. R. No. 386) to amend an act
entitled '.'An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved March 2. 18G7, was read twice by its
title; and, on motion of Mr. Edmunds, it was
referred to the Committee on tho Judiciary.
petition's and memorials.
Mr. POOL presented the petitions of D.
Cameron Pearson, Burke county, North Car-
olina; of John W. Stilley, Craven county,
North Carolina; of C. H.Wilder, Wakeeounty,
IVorth Carolina ; of W. F. Strayhorn, Orange
county. North Carolina; of J. B. Neathery,
Raleigh, North Carolina, and of B. A. Perry,
Wake county, North Carolina, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
_ Mr. SOHUEZ. I have received a memorial
signed by Benjamin E. Groon as secretary, and
a number of persons representing a meeting
of citizens of Whitefieid county, Georgia, held
