m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
("June 6,
Ho. of Reps.
Ediccation—Mr. Hoar.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
of about 'a century and a half. Again, the bronze
trade of France, which has spread so greatly since tho
yearl$44, grew out of tho art schools of Paris.
'**The quantity of coal mined in France was. in 1851,
4,500,000 tousi iron, 450,000 tons. In 1865,11,000,000
tons of coal, and 1,100.000 tons iron.
"Importation of raw materials for manufactures,
in 1851,25,000,000 tons; in 1865, 90,000.000 tons.
Bxports of manufactures in 1851,40,000,000 tons; in
1805, 92,0^),009tons; of which, in 18G5, woolen man-
ufactures, 16,000,000; cotton, 7,000,000; machinery,
1,800,000; various other works in metal, 5,400,000.
"Theworks of Schneider, at Creuzot, cover three
hundred acres. The workshops and forges occupy
fifty acres. The iron works annually produce more
than one hundred thousand tons of iron, in addition
to machinery, locomotives, iron bridges and viaducts,
iron gun-boats and war steamers, of the average
anriual value of £000,000. Nearly ten thousand work
people receive wages which amount to £.370,000 per
annum, and most of these dwell in and around tho
town of Creuxot. These steam-engines arc equal to
a duty of nearly ten thousand horse-power, and tho
now forgo is contained under asinglo roof of thirteen
hundred feet in length and three hundred and ten
feet in width. No other singlo forgo can be named
of equal dimensions. There are valuable coal find
iron mines on tho estate, which yield annually two
hundred and fifty thousand tons of coal and three
hundred thousand tons of iron ore, besides which
about three hundred thousand tons of coal and one
hundred and twenty thousand tons of ore are pur-
chased. Our present interest is in the p<ir*onnel of
this grroat establishment, a very large proportion of
which was born or has boon trained on the spot. It
is duo principally to a ss'stem of education, dating as
far back as 1841, that a highly-skilled body of work-
men, engineers, and accountants h.is been formed;
and although this system has been t ermed element-
ary, it will bo found to bo really in part special or
technical. Tho course, which is open to all pupils
of sufficient capacity, extends oyer no less than nino
years, and includes advanced instruction in French
literaturo, history, geography, natural philosophy,
the chemistry of metals, geometry, mechanical and
freehand drawing, and modeling. Promising boys
are sent to higher technical schools elsewhere. jY<>
boy is admitted into thoworks who cannot rend and
write, or who has boon dismissed from the school
for misbehavior. Tho fruits of this educational sys-
tem are observablo in tho activity, oxtont, and per-
fect disciplineof the work. I'u walking through the
sheds with Mr. Samuelson, whore sovoral pairs of
marino engines wero in oourso of erection, Hons.
Schneider told his visitor that there was not a man
among tho mechanics omployed in that department
who could notinako an accurato drawing of the work
in whieh ho was engaged. In fifteen years felonies,
twenty-three; annual misdemeanors, forty; police-
men, three.
" TerreNoiro Company supply agroat French rail-
way company with twenty thousand tons steel rails at
priceless than prime cost in England. Most careful
daily chemical analysis of all raw materials and pro-
ducts used In manufacture.
" Krupp ArOo., at Essen, consumo eight hundred to
ono thousand tons of ooal every casting day, raised
from pita within tho walls of the works, employ noarly
eight thousand mon, and produco sixty thousand tons
of Kteot annually, rnoro than t^vico the whole export
of atcttl of tho United Kingdom. At tho outbreak <>f
tho war one thousand of tho men wero eallod under
arms, but two hundred and titty of them wcro re-
turned lest, tho manufacture of cannon should bo
stopped. All tho hoads of tho tochnical departments
arc pupils of tho various schools ofUorraany."
f take tho following extracts from the Kdin-
bnrg .Review for April, 18G0, and commend its
confessions to the attention of tho House:
" In 3860 tho imports of Franco from England were
valued at 308,000,00(K, and the exports of Franco to
Bngland at 598,000,000/. fn 1866 tho imports wero
002,000,000/., tho exports 1,15:*,000,000/"., an augmenta-
tion of One hundred per cont.
.,"1? delicacy and finish in tho art of casting metals
the J<reneh, and we might say the Parisian workmen,
are far'ahead of all other nations. They keep to
themselves the secret of their nico and scientific
processes, and wq believe that all tho finest bronzo
art casting, even an Birmingham or London, is done
by workmen trained m tho French schools. It has
always appeared lo us discreditable and surprising
that the trader of this country ongaged in working
metals should bo so interior to some of our conti-
flOrttal rivals in taste and execution.
increase of capacity for manufacturing steel
(by the iiessemer process and otherwise) has been
twenty-fourfold since 1851. A saving by dccrenso of
Production is no less than £6,240,-
000. Anew process of steel-working has boon an-
nounced by Mr.llenton, which, if practicable, will
jn another vear or two add at least ten millions to
tbMatye °,Vhe iron now made in Great Britain.
Hails of Bessemer steel last twenty-four times as
long as those of iron, and are farsafer. The principal
check which wo anticipate m the future largo adop-
h°^?fJ!teel 2s t.he *imiTtcd amount of iron ores suited
to its manufacture. In France, where they desire
to introduce the Bessemer process on a largo scale
they find little appropriate ore, and are compelled
tojmport it from Algeria and elsewhere.
.Regarding thogreat. woolen trade as a whole the
verdict of competent inspectors of this exhibition,
if not unanimous, yet, fropi a largo majority, is that
we are not keeping pace with* our sagacious and
industrious rivals.
"The caso is the same, though itcomes before us in
the several reports of tho several trades. We speak
of our manufacturers as more or less ingenious or
backward, but we must also include the instruments
they operate with, namely, their workmen and their
technical competitive ability. Wo have undoubt-
edly the most enduring and able-bodied workmen
in tho world. But at present these people are as
prejudiced as they are capable; and sinco their
knowledge of their art is acquired moro by rote or
habit than instruction, and since their beliefs do not
arise from science or knowledge of principles, they
undergo much toil which might be saved and con-
tinue many habits which should bo changed.
"silk.
"Moro than ever is manufactured silk now distin-
guished for richness of hue and beauty of design. In
France schools of design arocstablished in the great
centers of manufactures, whero science and art are
not regarded as luxuries, but as necessities of manu-
facturing industry. Though the highest inspirations
of invention, taste, and elegance emanate from Paris,
the chief towns, and particularly Lyons, are well
furnished with national and other art schools. The
Rhenish provinces of Prussia, Belgium,'Wurtemberg,
and Switzerland also abound in art schools. Lyons
and St. Etienne, as would be expected, produced
the most striking specimens of silk manufacture. A
notablo decrease in our silk trade, as compared with
France, alarms British manufacturers; and while the
exports of British manufacture have decreased, the
imports of French and other manufactures have
greatly increased. Tho principal and most pressing
want on our part in this industry, so light and deli-
cato, is a higher and better educated class of work-
people, raoro refined in taste and more export in the
use of material and texture.
"The most,momentous of all lessons is that as a
manufacturing nation our continued progress de-
pend.* upon the special education of our operatives
in tho principles and scicuco of their several trade*.
A large conference of actual operatives havo met
and recently published reports ol'their deliberations,
and many principal employers of labor havo reluc-
tantly opened their eyes to tho light of that great
truth which tho exhibition of Paris taught the world
at largo. Very watchful eyes havo inspected those
groat trophies in iron and steel, as well as other
triumphs of skill, displayed at Paris, and competent
Englishmen have made privato tours ol inquiry
among the great engineering works of Franoe, Bel-
gium. and Germany; and the result of all is that
whilo m relation to wages, food, and particulars of
cost in goncral matters may, in some manner, right
themselves; yet, in point of technical knowledge,
English workmen are unquestionably behind foreign
operatives."
Sir Edward Sullivan, in a late able work on
protection to native industry, page 8, gives
this testimony:
"Thecommorce of the world has been incalculably
oxtondod during the last twenty years. All nations
havo advanced. JOngland has advanced among tho
number; hut to say she has outstripped them is
untrue. Compared with tho position sho occupied
twenty yours ago, she has advanced least of all; sho
has lost the immense lead sho then possessed in almost
every industrial enterprise.
"When wo look buck twenty years, and examine
tho position lingland then occupied in noarly all
manufacturing industries ; tho exclusive advantages
ot capital, of onergy, of manufacturing, and tech-
nical knowledge sho tbon possessed, and compare her
position new. wo shall seo at onco that many nations
havo advanced as rapidly again as she has. Thoy
were all hull down in tho manufacturing raootwonty
years ago. They havo stoadily overhauled us. .Some
aro close under our stems; some aro alongside; and
some aro already showing us their sterns."
Thus, by the confession of the first manufac-
turing nation of tho world, is popular education
necessary if sho would maintain horrank in the
generous emulation of the industries of man-
kind. England yields to tho demand of her
manufacturing interest that education to her
people which a sense of justice and respect for
the dignity of manhood have never caused
her to provide. Let not America incur the
disgraflte of lagging behind all civilized nations
in that popular education of which she set the
first example.
To PKOVIDU FOR THE COMMON DEFENSE.
This national education is not only essential
to agricultural and manufacturing supremacy,
but it is equally essential to strength in war.
The material elements of military strength,
wealth, inventive power, mechanical superior-
ity, perfection in the arts of penetration and
resistance, the power of rapidly moving large
armies and large armaments, have become
doubly important in modern warfare. Now,
more than ever before,
" Doth war, best upheld,
Move by her two main nerves, iron and gold,
In all her equipage."
The great contest of iron and steel manufac-
ture, into which the great national industries
of the world are now entering is to be a con-
test of science and skill. Depending intimately
on this are the resources of naval warfare, which
is largely a competition in economy of fuel,
speed, and penetrative and defensive means.
To all these is educated labor indispensable.
Great manufacturing nations must, of neces-
sity be great military nations. The invention
of Arkwright, more than the genius of Wel-
lington, enabled England to conquer Napo-
leon. "England conquered me," said Napo-
leon at St. Helena, "not by her armies, but
by her spindles." It is not too much to say
that the rebellion was subdued by the mechan-
ical superiority of the North. But it is another
argument that I desire specially to emphasize.
It is this: that in the soldier himself, intelli-
gent, full of resourses, educated, stimulated
by that generous love of country which comes
of knowledge of her history, knowledge of
her institutions, knowledge of her value to
himself and to mankind, the chief defense
of this nation must "consist. "I call a com-
plete and generous education," says Milton,
in the famous tractate to Master Samuel Hartlib,
" that which fits a man to perform justly, skill-
fully, and magnanimously all the offices, both
private and public, of peace and war."
There is no opinion in which all parties in
this country aro more fully agreed than this:
that it is inexpedient and dangerous to keep
large standing armies in time of peace. The
problem wc seek to solve is, how to have the
smallest possible standiug anny capable of
indefinite and instantaneous extension when
necessity arises. We have to this end estab-
lished an institution at the national expense in
which officers aro trained at a cost of from
fifteen to twenty thousand dollars for each
pupil. The boy is taken at an early age, sepa-
rated from his fellow-citizens, growing up with
different training, different associations, differ-
ent ideas, and different principles from those
of the main body of the people. Tho danger
is that he will look forward to military employ-
ment, military success, and the applause of
his own class as his chief ambition in life.
I do not deny or undervalue the great services
which have been rendered to this country by
the graduates of West Point. But I very much
question whether our method of obtaining a
supply and reserve of trained military officers
be the best one. I maintain that to every
American citizen should be given the education
which will enable him, if he have by nature an
aptness for military command, to merit and
obtain promotion in time of war; and that the
soldier in the ranks should have the stimulus to
good conduct which opportunity and capacity
for promotion would give. I take from an able
writer on military education a list of the acquire-
ments laid down by him as needful for the edu-
cated soldier. They are: drawing, a universal
ready and versatile knowledge of machines and
machinery, elementary mathematics, mechan-
ical and civil engineering, the laws of health,
chemistry.
_Mr. Speaker, these are identically the same
with the branches taught to mechanics in the
technical schools which have revolutionized
the industries of Europe. It is a most instruct-
ive fact that Switzerland—where the education
of every child is compelled by law, whose fa-
mous technical schools are the admiration of
Europe, which, with a population of twenty-five
hundred thousand, has in her primary schools
three hundred and sixty-three thousand six
hundred and eighty-two scholars—is the same
country whieh maintains herself, with the most
