1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
They were thus encouraged, and I feel safe
in saying that if the capitalists had come man-
fully up and advanced their funds to aid the
Government to put down the rebellion as freely
as the soldiers in the field and the sailors in the
Navy bared their breasts to the red flame of
battle the war would not have lasted half the
time it did. The capitalists had the money to
give, and as much as was necessary, at first, but
would not give it until they got two'or three
hundred per cent, profit. Oat upon the hypo-
critical cry of loyalty now raised by such men
to extort more money from the toiling and labor-
ing masses of the country ! The capitalists,
with one or two honorable exceptions, are fairly
chargeable with half the lives lost in the war.
The claim that they bought the bonds from
loyal motivesis without foundation. The same
motive prompted the Englishman to buy them
which actuated the Wall-street swindler when
he purchased. Who will claim that the English-
man purchased bonds because he loved this
Government? He was as loyal when he was
fitting out the piratical Tallahassee and Ala-
bama as when he bought the bonds. They were
all purchased on speculation. If these bond-
holders had never received a cent from Gov-
ernment their patriotism would have been fully
paid. They have no patriotism. We should not
tax the soldiers and sailors who fought, nor
their widows and orphans, on the pittance left
to them after their great bereavement to pay
those unjust debts. Let us wipe them out.
It is not unjust to repudiate those bonds be-
cause the holders have in a large majority of
cases received more money in gold from the
Government in the shape of interest than they
originally invested in the purchase of the bonds,
including interest on the investment.
To illustrate : seven years ago a Wall-street
capitalist purchased a Government, bond call-
ing for $1,000 ; for this he gave to the Govern-
ment forty per cent., or $400. During these
seven years he has received interest regularly
at six per cent, per annum on $1,000, the face
of the bond, payable every six months. Com-
pound interest on $1,000 at six per cent, will
in seven years amount to §512 5G in gold,
which would be $768 81 in currency. lie has
been exempted from all local and municipal
taxes, which at a reasonable rate saves him
two and one half per cent, per annum, and
which in the time mentioned amounts on the
face of the bond to $>175. Franklin said that
a penny saved is as good as a penny earned.
Add these items together, and they amount
to $087 56 in gold, or, in currency, $943 81.
Now, compound interest on $400, the amount
invested, amounts to $201 45 in gold, or in
currency $302 17, which, added to the $400,
equals $601 45 in gold, or $702 17 in currency,
leaving a difference in favor of the bondholder
over the man who invests his money honestly
of $86 11 in gold, or $221 67 in currency.
If we deduct from this two and one half per
cent, for taxation it still leaves $16 11 in gold,
or $179 67 in currency in favor of the bond-
holder. Is there anything wrong or unjust in
repudiating such a debt? The people have paid
the bonds, and are entitled to have them can- j
celed just as much as a person is entitled to i
have his promissory note canceled when he j
Jjays it up in full with interest. It is gross in- :
justice to grind the laborer, the merchant, the j
mechanic, the widow, and the crippled soldier '
to the earth to pay these bonds a second time, :
and this too for the sole purpose of keeping up
a bloated and insolent bondholding and bank- 1
ing aristocracy. ;
I am in favor of repudiating this bondhold-
ing debt because it is sapping the very founda-
tions of Government and to an alarming extent
has controlled the action of the past few Con-
gresses. It has been the cause, in my opinion,
to a great degree, of that system of legislation
which prompted a thwarting of the legitimate
powers of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and of the general tendency to the cen-
tralization of thepowers of Government in what
is now by my Radical friends called " the Gov-
ernment," namely, Congress; which is again
by some called a " rump concern." Without
charging corruption or venality on any member
of the present Congress I may be allowed to
repeat what the great head and front of Radi-
calism, "the noblest Roman of them all,"
the late Mr. Stevens said in a letter to a friend,
"that no honest man could come to Congress
and make any money; but that it was passing
strange that some men who were hardly able
to pay their necessary expenses at home would
come to Congress and in a few years be worth
millions of dollars." If this overshadowing debt
were wiped out I do not think that any mem-
ber of the present Congress would be likely to
be tempted.
I am in favor of wiping out this bonded debt
because on it the national bank currency is
based j and when it is wiped out the notes of
the Government will for a time, until we can
come back to the constitutional currency at
least, take the place of these national bank
notes. This would increase the volume of the
currency one tenth and no more. It is well
known that between the gold interest received
on about three hundred and forty-two million
four hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars
of bonds deposited by bankers as collateral
security for about three hundred million dollars
of circulation issued by the Government to
them, and the shrewd and cunning manipula-
tion of the currency so received, the national
! bankers manage to make from twenty-four to
| thirty-seven per cent, on their bonds per annum
! in currency. This amounts to about one hun-
j dred million dollars and doubles their invest-
; ment in a little over three years, all at the ex-
! pense of labor and entirely, all inuring to the
benefit of capital. The Comptroller of the
! Treasury says in his annual report delivered to
i this House on the 6th instant that the national
| banks loan the people $700,000,000 annually.
Interest on this amount at six per cent, would
i bo $42,000,000. Dcduct $1,000,000 from that
J sum as interest paid to depositors it would
; leave $41,000,000 clear. 1 know of national
j banks advertising that they will pay ton per
! cent, interest on deposits for six months, and
| they make enormous profits on those deposits,
j Some have declared thirty-seven per cent, an-
i nually. They receive at least twelve per cent.
: clear profit, which would be $84,000,000 each
| year. Some of them declare dividends of
; thirty-seven per cent, on their capital. Some
| gentlemen have said that the national banks,
| like a national debt, are a national blessing.
J 1 do not so understand the matter.
j Another reason for repudiation is that the
j taxes to pay the interest on these bonds as long
j as they are in existence is a prior lien on the
| property, labor, bone, muscle, and earnings of
I the masses. The private debts of the citizen
may go unpaid, and his wife and children may
' suffer the pinchings and privations of cold and
hunger, but the interest on the bonds must be
paid ; the Government officials must have their
proportion ; Mr. and Mrs. Shoddy must have
their carriage, and their servants, and their ;
plate, and their jewelry, and their luxuries I
despite the sufferings of the masses. 1
Again, theexpenseisso enormous andcomes j
entirely off of labor, while these bondholders j
are exempt from taxes, that to use the language i
ofthe London Times of February 11,1868, when j
speaking of a similar state of things in England, |
" everywhere is the weak ground to the dust !
with taxation to supply the wants of the strong.!' i
Again, "the blessings of Government, like j
the dews of heaven, should descend on all
alike—high and low, rich and poor." They ,
do not so descend now, nor will they ever as j
long as the bonds remain extant. The bond- j
holders pay no tax; the poor and lowly, the
producing and toiling masses, pay all. The
blessings are under this banking and bond
system reserved for the rich; the curses and
bitterness and drudgery for the laborer.
As another reason for repudiation let me quote
an English writer's remarks of the stock spec-
ulator :
"He is in everything, save decency of appearance,
on a par with the haunter of the Casino. He may,
if he so pleases, designate himself an invester. but m
reality he is a common gamester. This may be hard
truth, but it is a wholesome one."
Now, the man who after his country has been
forced by such a war as the last one to sell him
its bond for $1,000, with all its benefits and
exemptions, for $400, and "takethe chances,"
does it exactly on the principle that the gam-
bler invests his money on any game of chance.
There is no loyalty in such a man. He made
the investment for speculation ; nor should he
complain if after having received more than
he invested with interest the Government
should refuse to pay; nor does the change
and transfer of five-twenties into ten-forties
alter the principle or cover up the fraud.
It is justly and truly said 1' that all property
and wealth is the product of physical or intel-
lectual labor." If this bonded debt be paid,
then " property," or its equivalent, which will
command property, must be handed over to
the bondholder in exchange for his bonds.
The foregoing axiom being true the result is
that labor finally pays the debt over and over.
This is what I object to. Capital pays noth-
ing. Labor pays tribute year after year to
capital, until capital has received far more
than its original investment with the interest
thereon; and then the payment of the face of
the bonds extorts two hundred and fifty per
cent, more, in addition to the capital invested,
from labor and hands it over to the bondhold-
ers. In other words, after having far more
than paid the investment with interest, labor
must in addition pay $1,000 to the bondholder
for each $400 he invested. This is outrage-
ous ; and the bonded debt should be at once
repudiated on every principle of justice.
But I favor the repudiation of this debt be-
cause our Government, controlled as it has
been for the last eight years and as it now is
nearly entirely by the moneyed aristocracy of
the country, is paying more and greater interest
on money than any individual can afford to pay
for its use in any legitimate trade or business.
Six per cent, in gold has averaged fully nine
per cent, in currency ever since the bonds were
issued. This, too, is without taking into con-
sideration the amount, say one and a half per
cent, per month, or, as it was in New York a
year ago, one half of one per cent, per day,
which the national banks charged through
brokers. They would not discount to their best
customers or depositors, but loaned their money
nominally, perhaps, but freely through the
president, or cashier,or some one else connected
with their institutions, as his or their private
funds to brokers, who for a consideration loaned
it out on call, as above stated, to men who were
forced to borrow to save themselves from bank-
ruptcy. I wish to do away with this swindling
arrangement. Repudiation of this debt will do
away with the swindle. I favor the repudiation
of this bonded debt, because when it is or shall
have been wiped out; when the Government
shall have ceased to pay the enormous interest
and profit which it does on money, and all at
the expense of labor, it will drive capital into
legitimate channels; will force it into invest-
ments which will develop the resources of our
country, build up our shipping and commercial
interests, our mining and mineral interests,
develop and improve the vast water powers of
the nation, erect mills and manufactories, fur-
naces, founderies.and machine shops; complete
unfinished railroads, build up new ones, add
new buildings and improvements to our towns
and cities, break up the western prairies, clear
off the dense forests of our new States, and,
literally speaking, make the wilderness blossom
as the rose, and the western prairies rival and
surpass the far-famed fertility of the valley ot
the Nile in the proudest days of the proudest
Pharaohs.
Wipe out this oppressive debt and the equili ■
brium of trade and business will be restored.
