1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2443
in Dalton on the 2d of April, 1870, represent-
ing the advantages offered to settlers in that
State. I am requested to ask that it be read
in the Senate ; but it being very long I shall
not ask that, but I move that it be printed and
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have received and been
requested to present a petition numerously
signed, said to be signed by a thousand of the
business men of this city, asking for the estab-
lishment of a probate court in this District. I
move its reference to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of California, in favor of the aboli-
tion of the income tax; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
California, praying a repeal of the duty on lea
and coffee and a reduction of the duty on
sugar and molasses; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California, in favor of such a modifi-
cation of the internal revenue law as will ex-
empt from taxation distillers of fruit; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of John
A. Thornhill, Warren county, Virginia; of
ft. J. Gaulding, Keysville, Virginia; of John
Cosby, Harrisonburg, Virginia; of William S.
Flctcher, Accomac county, Virginia; of John
A. Stangcr, Montgomery county, Virginia ; of
Henry S. Stanger, Montgomery county, Vir-
ginia; of W. P. Dungan, Smythe county, Vir-
ginia ; of J. Merchant, Washington county,
Virginia ; of T. M. Tate. M.D., Smythe county,
Virginia; of Q. R. Hume, Stannardsville,
Greene county, Virginia, and of Joshua Tay-
lor, Botetourt county, Virginia, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select, Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present a memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco,
in favor of aid by Congress in establishing
steam communication between San Francisco
and Australia. The grounds set forth in the
mumoiial are such, I think, as to commend
themselves to the judgment of Congress. They
aie, briefly, that such a communication would
place us in commercial and other relations with
a population of two and a half million people
whose trade is stated at the very large sum
of $375,000,000. I move that (he memorial
bo printed and referred lo the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY also presented a petition
of Macoudray & Co.; Thomas St. F. S. Hatha-
way, Pioche Rayerqne & Co., Fox & O'Con-
nor, P. Maury, jr., Dickson, DeWolf&Co., and
Compton & Davidson, merchants of San Fran-
cisco, California, praying compensation for
losses sustained by them in April, 1854, by the
falling of the bonded warehouse where their
goods were stored; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
keports of committees.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
610) to repeal certain acts passed by the ter-
ritorial Legislature ef Wyoming, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of J. B. Bra-
den, William S. Comb, and S. P. & P. F. Hodges,
praying compensation for articles furnished by
them upon a requisition of the military author-
ities in September, 1862, to put one of the grist-
mills at New Ulm, Minnesota, in running order,
reported adversely thereon, and asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Sweeny & Baugh.
of San Francisco, praying indemnity for estab
lishing a light-house and maintaining the same
at their own expense at the entrance of San
Francisco bay, reported that the petitioners
have leave to withdraw their petition and
papers; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 99) to pay loyal
citiz_cns_ in the States lately in rebellion for
service in taking the United States census of
1860, have directed me to report it back, and
recommend that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations. It seems to be a claim
the like of which that committee has in two
instances made provision for. There is nothing
wanting but an appropriation, and we thought
it should go to that committee.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of O. N. Cutler,
praying payment for cex tain cotton seized by
the military authorities of the United States
on or about the 17th day of April, 1863, at
Lake Providence, Louisiana, ask to be dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof,
for the reason that the same claim is embraced
in a bill (H. R. No. 1666) for the relief of Otis
N. Cutler, of Missouri; which the same com-
mittee have directed me to report back without
amendment, and to recommend the passage of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
will be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition ; and the bill will be placed
upon the Calendar.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to consider that
bill at the present time. It passed the Senate
once, and has now passed the House of Rep-
resentatives and been referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims, and comes back with a favor-
able report. I hope there will bo no objection
to its present consideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it go upon the Cal-
endar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (II. R. No. 192) to allow the
owners of homesteads to deduct the interest
paid on mortgages thereon from their income
returns, reported adversely and moved its in-
definite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Isaiah Walker, a Wyandot.t Indian, alleging
that he hadpurchased from the Government and
had received a patent for ferry privileges and
landing on the Kansas river near its mouth,
and that the same have been taken away by
State legislation, praying that he may be reim-
bursed for losses sustained by this legislation
of the Legislature of Kansas, asked to bo dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
moved (hat the petitioner have leave to with-
draw his papers; which was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, from tlis Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred 1he
bill (S. No. 632) to amend an a.ot, entitled "An
act to carry into effect provisions of the treaties
between the United States, China. Japan. Siam,
Persia, and other countries, giving certain judi-
cial powers to ministers and consuls and other
functionaries of the United States in those
countries, and for other purposes,1' approved
June 22, I860, reported it with an amendment*
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Joseph Ormsby, reported a bill (8. No. 762)
for the relief of Joseph Ormsby ; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. PRATT. I also submit a report to
accompany the bill, and inasmuch as it places
a construction upon the pension laws, I move
that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
amendment of rules.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to give notice that
to-morrow morning I shall mcwe to amend the
rule_ of the Senate recently adopted on the
motion of the honorable Senator from Kansas,
[Mr. Pomeroy,] as to the order of business, so
as to provide that said rule shall not apply to
the morning hour. I am satisfied it is a mere
obstruction to business in the morning hour.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say, in connec-
tion with that notice, that I do not know how
my friend got his satisfaction, because we have
not lived up to the rule five minutes since it
was adopted. That is what is the matter.
bills introduced.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
758) for the settlement of the account of Cap-
tain E. M. Buchanan, late commissary of sub-
sistence of volunteers ; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. HOWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 759) to grant a pension to John C. Aber-
erombie; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 760)
for the relief of Lucas, Dickinson, and other
counties in the State of Iowa ; w.hich was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 761)
for the relief of the inhabitants of cities and
towns upon lands purchased of the Great and
Little Osage Indians by the treaty of 29th Sep-
tember, 1865; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee oa Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPRAGUE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 763) granting lands to the State of Min-
nesota to aid in the improvement of the harbor
of Duluth, Lake Superior, in said State ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered lo
be printed.
Mr. CORBETT submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (S. No.
752) for the survey of the Columbia river in
the State of Oregon and Washington Terri-
tory ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to bo printed.
CliSfU^ Kl'.TULtNS.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Secretary of the [nteriorbe, and
ho hereby is, directed to inform the Senate whether
any of the copies of consas icturus requiied bytho
aot of I8-1O can hi- dispensed with, in his opinion,
without detriment to the public service; and that be
transmit a detailed estimate of tho amount which
wilt be saved to the Treasury by any such diminution
of copies as I10 may recommend.
BKl'ICIENOY AI'PIIOPUIATIO:; IJILJj
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
deficiency bill, being House bill No. 1310.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That requires
unanimous consent, under tiie rule.
Mr. EDMONDS. 1 object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Seuator from
Vermont had unanimous consent to pass a
resolution a moment ago.
ilr. RICE. 1 ask unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 105, the same one that I had up
yesterdav morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion '!
Mr. HARLAN. I regret very much to ob-
ject, but I think we had betier proceed with
, the Calendar.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar
! of resolutions will be called. The first reso-
! lutieu is the concui'ient resolution in regard
