1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3387
Strike out" suits" and insert "suit" in the ninth
Section two, line four, strike out the words "as
near as may be."
Strike out all from the word "States," in the sixth
lino, to the word "and" in the eighth line.
Line nine, striko out "suoh," and in lieu thereof
insert " the. '
Line ten, strike out the word " usually."
Lino ten, aftertho word " equity," insert the words
"so l'ar."
Section three, line ono, striko out the words " pro-
cess in," and in lieu thereof insert " notice of."
Line three, after the word "thereof," insert the
words " with a copy of the petition."
Section four, strike out all of section four.
Section six, strike out all from the word "shall,"
in the third line, to the word " tho" before " United"
in the fourth line.
Line three, after the word " shall," insert "decide
in favor of."
Section six, strike out all from the word " shall,"
in the twentieth line, to and including tho word
"lands," in the twenty-second line, and in lieu
thereof insert tho words "decide in favor of any
claimant."
Lino thirty-two, strike out the word "approval,"
and in lieu thereof insert " appeal."
Line thirty-four, after "appeal" insert the words
"in the same manner and with the same effect as in
cases of appeal in equity causes from the circuit
courts of the United States."
And that the House agree to the same.
B. F. RICE,
GEO. F. EDMUNDS.
WM. T. HAMILTON,
Managers on the part oj the Senate.
J. PROCTOR KNOTT,
A. A. C. ROGERS,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
reports op committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. It. No. 467) to repeal section four of the
act of March 3, 1869, entitled "An act in rela-
tion to additional bounties, and for other pur-
poses," reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
268) directing the Secretary of War to deliver
certain condemned cannon to the Ladies' Mon-
umental Association of Peoria, Illinois, report-
ed it without amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joiut resolution (S. R. No. 105) authoriz-
ing the Midland Pacific Railway Company to
build a bridge at or near Nebraska City, and
connect its road with other railroads, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the samb xiommittee, to whom
was recommitted the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 123) for the relief of C. E. Rogers, reported
it without amendment, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 901)
for the relief of Sarah N. Eagleton, executrix,
of the last will and testament ofJ. Joseph Eagle- >
ton, deceased, reported it without amendment,;
and submitted a report; which was ordered tg
be printed. 1
Mr. KELtOGG, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 888) to aid the-Junction and Breakwater
Railroad Company, in the State of Delaware,
to construct, in connection with said road, a
pier in the Delaware bay, at or near Lewes, in
Sussex county, and State of Delaware, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Mahlon A. Loo-
mis, praying aid to enable him to experiment
in a system of telegraphing, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations; which was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 853) to restore Benicia, in the State of
California, as a port of entry, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment ; which was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, from the
Committee on Patents, to whom was referred
the petition of Lydia E. Carhart, widow of
Jeremiah Carhart, praying for the extension
of a patent for improvements in reed musical
instruments, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was recommitted the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 92) for the relief of cer-
tain contractors for the construction of vessels
of war and steam machinery, reported it with
an amendment.
bills introduced.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 911) exempting from taxes certain prop-
erty in the District of Columbia; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
912) granting the use of a public reservation
in the city of Washington to the Island Insti-
tute ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
913) granting the right of way to the Green
Bay and Lake Pepin Railway Company for its
road across the Oneida reservation, in the
State of Wisconsin; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 196) authorizing the Pres-
ident to withdraw his acceptance of the resig-
nation of R. H. Lamson, late lieutenant United
States Navy; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
pension appropriation bill.
A "message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had non-concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 781)
making appropriations for the payment of in-
valid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending June 30, 1871, asked a
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Wil-
liam H. Kelsey of New York, Mr. Benjamin
F. Butler of Massachusetts, and Mr. William
E. Niblack of Indiana, managers at the same
on its part.
On motion of Mr, MORRILL, of Maine, the
Senate proceeded to consider its amendment
to the bill (H. R. No. 781) making appropri-
ations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States, for the year
ending June 30, 1871, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ment to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Morrill of Maine, Mr. Nye, ana Mr. Stock-
ton.
"islkhorn hunt."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution, and ask for its present con-
sideration :
Resolved, That the President berequested to com-
municate to the Senate any information in his pos-
session in relation to an organized band of persons
at Cheyenne or vicinity, and the number and designs
of such persons, if not deemed inconsistent with the
public interests.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does that mean Cheyenne
in the Territory of Wyoming? If it does the
words "in the Territory of Wyoming" should
be inserted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is there any
other Cheyenne?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, yes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be so modified.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning busi-
ness is now concluded.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up tin;
bill (H. R. No. 987) to reduce the number of
officers in the Army of the United States, and
for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill is
before the Senate, and the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts moves to pass it over with a view to
taking up the Army bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I wish to give notice now that as soon as
the pending appropriation bill is disposed of I
shall move to take up the bill to reduce taxation.
Mr. SUMNER. As that seems to be the
fashion of the Senate, I give notice that I shall
move an executive session, in order to proceed
with a matter which has been made a special
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will not interfere
with this bill.
Mr. STEWART. I give notice that I shall
insist most strenuously on the bill to enforce the
fifteenth amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. And I shall insist on pro-
ceeding with the special order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I insist on tl^e
regular order now.
Mr. WILSON. After all this insisting, I
hope my bill will be taken up and disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine insists on the regular order, which is
the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill, pending which the Senator from
Massachusetts moves to pass over the present
and all other orders for the purpose of consid-
ering the Army bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ate will not do that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is for the
Senate to decide; the motion is not debatable.
The appropriation bill is before the Senate,
and the question is on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to pass over that and
all prior orders, for the purpose of taking up
the Army bill.
Mr. WILSON. As the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations insists upon
going on with the appropriation bill now, I
withdraw my motion.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
withdraws the motion. The Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumes the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 974) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1871, the
question being on the amendment proposed
yesterday by the Senator from Oregon, [Mr.
Williams.]
Mr. COLE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it: "and hereafter no charge
shall be made for coinage in the United States
Mint or its branches."
This is a proposition that will meet with
approval on the part of all the persons tvho
are engaged in the production and who are
interested particularly in the gold and silver
bullion of the country. It is a proposition
that has been recommended in the form of
resolutions by influential bodies. I believe
the Legislature of the State of California has
passed a concurrent resolution on the subject
which has been presented to Congress. The
Senator from Oregon states that he will accept
the amendment, as far as he is concerned, and
if so I do not care to debate it. I hope there
will be no opposition to it.
