1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Education—Mr, Hoar.
Ho. op Reps.
military nations of Europe on all her frontiers,
at a total cost to her people of only about seven
hundred and fifty thousand dollars annually.
She has every thirteenth soul of her population
a, soldier capable of bearing arms. The mili-
tary organization of the kingdom of Prussia,
which has borne such fruit at Sadowa, is based
on the principle that every man capable of
bearing arms shall receive military instruction.
Tf the true policy of the Republic be to do
away, as far as possible, all distinction between
t he soldier and the citizen, if Blaekstone be right
when he says that "in a land of liberty it is
extremely dangerous to make a distinct order
of the profession of arms," and "that a circu-
lation should be kept up between the army and
the people, and the citizen and the soldier be
more intimately connected together," surely
it is of national importance and concern that
in the exercise of its constitutional prerogative
and duty of providing for the common defense
Congress shall adopt that policy which will
enable the citizen most readily to take upon
himself the duties of the soldier, and fit the
soldier most easily to resume the duties of the
citizen. I would have in every common school
in this country the pupils drilled in military
tactics. I would have schools open to every
boy ia this country, in which those principles
which I have just enumerated, which consti-
tute the chief elements of military education, as
well as the best preparation for manufacturing
or mechanical pursuits, shall also be taught;
but not until the pupil has passed through these
schools, where he is educated in company with
those destined for peaceful pursuits, should he
bo placed, if ever, in seminaries designed for
the training of soldiers exclusively.
Universal education, then, is essential to
the national existence. It is essential to the
administration ofthe Government of this nation
by those persons whose constitutional privilege
and whose constitutional duty it is to admin-
ister it. It is also essential to the accomplish-
ment of the great objects the Constitution is
intended to secure. It is the best cement of
perfect union. The general welfare is best pro-
moted by it. There can be no general welfare
without it. It is the best and only guarantee
of republican government, and the only security
of the blessings of liberty. Itis strength in
war; it is wealth in peace. By it flourish art,
manufactures, commerce; all that constitutes
greatness, all that constitutes glory.
Surely, then, that law-making power which
is charged with the accomplishment of_ these
great ends may accomplish them by this, the
surest and most natural means. I said in the
outset that all thoughtful men were agreed
that the education of the people could best be
accomplished by the States. \Y hat, then, is
the fanction of the national Legislature? It
is twofold. It is to compel to be done what
the States will not do, and to do for them what
they cannot do. Let the State governments
do all they will and all they can; but by the
State governments, through the State govern-
ments, or over the State governments this
thing must, be done.
First. What the States will not do_Congress
must cause to be done. It must require a good
and universal system of common-school educa-
tion in those States which do not provide it.
That is the instant, pressing necessity. The
old slave-masters, whose slaves are set free, by
a new conspiracy against liberty, would deny
them education. Evidence too voluminous for
repetition here crowds upon Congress from all
parts of the States lately in rebellion that the
warfare heretofore made upon the physical lib-
erty of the laboring man is hereafter to be made
upon bis intellectual liberty. _ Slaveryj. foiled in
its attempt to destroy the life of the nation,
rea.ppearing in a new form, now seeks to put
out its eyes.
The purpose of the bill now pending, which
I have had the honor to report from the Com-
mittee ou Education, is to provide for the es-
tablishment of common schools throughout
the entire country. Its method is simple. It
provides for superintendents in each State,
division, and school district, who shall procure
teachers, provide and care for school-houses,
and generally do all things needed to establish
a complete system of local education. The
expense of these schools is to be defrayed by
a direct tax apportioned in the mode provided
by the Constitution. The sum raised iu each
State is to be expended for school purposes
within its own limits. But the establishment
and maintenance by any State of a system of
public schools where the elementary branches
are taught, open alike to all children of suit-
able age, without distinction of color or race,
is to be accepted as a full discharge by the
State of all obligations on the part of its
inhabitants to defray their proportion of the
tax, and thereafter no officers under this bill
shall be appointed within such State. By this
provision the great principle of allowing every
State to establish and manage its own schools
is preserved to every State that values or will
exercise it. The national authority is asked
to guaranty to every State a republican form
of government by guarantying to the people
thereof the capacity for that form of govern-
ment. The bill will only operate where the
dominant power in any State refuses to pro-
vide education by local authority.
It provides for a uniform tax and a uniform
obligation, but permits any State to discharge
its share of that obligation by a system of public
instruction provided by itself. It follows in
this respect the precedent of the tax acts, which
provide for a uniform tax throughout the United
States, but permit each State which shall desire
so to do to assess and raise in its own way its pro.
portion of that tax. If the Legislature of any
State shall, before J uly 1,1871, engage to make
due provision for public instruction, then all
proceedings under this bill are to be suspended
in such State for twelve months. If within
said twelve months such provision shall have
been made, no further steps will be taken
within said State to establish education by na-
tional authority. If any State shall refuse, upon
those who wield its powers in behalf of igno-
rance be the responsibility of requiring the
interposition of the national authority.
WHAT THE STATES CANNOT BO.
But to make our system of public instruction
complete the national power must be invoked
to accomplish through the "Bureau of Educa-
tion many things that the States cannot do.
Important among these is the collection of
accurate statistics ofthe methods ofinstruction,
the attendance, the regulations, and all other
details of the schools of the different States.
This is important, that there may be a central
bureau on which the educators of each State
shall have a right to call, and from which each
State shall derive without delay the benefit of
the experience of the others. At present the
best and indeed only respectable accounts of
the condition of public instruction in this
country have been prepared by foreign gov-
ernments, especially by Mr. Frazer, at the
expense of Great Britain, and by M. Ilippeau,
at the expense of France.* This bureau also
must be our means of interchanging commu-
nication with foreign countries in this regard.
The systems of technical education of which I
have already spoken are almost wholly the
result of foreign experience. The admirable
"Both Mr. Fraser and Mr. Ilippeau make special
acknowledgments to Dr. Barnard for valuable assist-
ance and material in preparing their reports; and
with adequate clerical force for the regular work
of tho office and authority to print, his comprehen-
sive survey of national education in different coun-
tries including tho historical development and
present condition of public instruction in the Uni-
ted States, would long ago have been published.
report on technical education in Europe, just
ready to be presented to Congress by the late
Commissioner of Education, is well worth all
the cost of that bureau to the Government, and
will save every agricultural, manufacturing, or
mining community which shall find the neces-
sity of establishing like institutions from send-
ing agents and teachers abroad to acquire needed
information. We have much to learn of the
military, manufacturing, agricultural, mining,
and other like education abroad.
But even more important than these is the
office which that department should perform
of applying to the action of the States the
stimulus of a noble and generous emulation.
The reports of that bureau should show the
relative rank and respective accomplishments
of the different States in respect to public edu-
cation. What State which should appear from
the authoritative report of a national depart-
ment of education to be lowest i« rank as
regards the education of its children would fail
to exert itself to the extent of its power to
remove the stigma? The experience of my
own State, under the influence of that illustrious
laborer in this cause, Horace Mann, affords
ample proof of the beneficent and stimulating
effect of this principle of emulation.
DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
It is the duty of Congress also, as the exclu-
sive Legislature for tho District of Columbia,
to establish here institutions of learning which
shall be models for the civilized world. The
Republic, founded on the doctrine ofthe equal
right and capacity of all citizens to share in
its government, should find the appropriate
monuments of its national greatness and the
the appropriate ornaments of its seat of gov-
ernment not in stately palaces of granite or
marble, but in schools, universities, and libra-
ries. We have expended nearly thirteen mil-
lions dollars to erect and adorn this Capitol,
deeming that the building in which the repre-
sentatives ofthe American nation assemble to
make its laws should be of a grandeur be
coming the dignity of a powerful and free peo-
ple. At the same time nearly two thirds of
the children in this District are unprovided
with the means of attending school (nineteen
thousand out of thirty-three thousand in 18G7)
and seventeen or eighteen of the public school
rooms about to be condemned as nuisances by
the board of health. For myself, I would rather
exhibit to mankind hall? of legislation plain
and cheap, and the results of that legislation
apparent in intelligent, educated citizens. I
would rather have Congress hold its sessions
in a barn or on a hill-side, and see the schools
of this city models for the civilized world, than
to see, as now, this Capitol rear its marble
splendors over streets crowded with ignorant
and vicious children.
TEEEITOEIES.
Congress likewise has the plain and unques-
tionable constitutional duty of legislation for
the Territories. These nascent States, so soon
to take part as equals in this imperial family,
are to be molded and fashioned with the im-
press which we may give them. I will not
undertake to repeat tho impressive statements
made on this floor by tho gentleman from Ten-
nessee, whoso able and faithful labors in this
cause deserve the thanks of all its friends. New
Mexico, now for nearly a fourth of a century
under our jurisdiction, lias, according to the
census of 1800, a population of whom not
twenty per ccnt. can read and write.
"Tho number of persons in Now Mexico over
twenty years of ascuiiabioto read and write, accord-
ing to the census of l&iO. are (not including the civil-
ized Indians) 32,785; number over twenty who could
read and write, 12,130; or over eighty per cent., not
including the civilized Indians, are illiterate. 0li11 -
dren of school age, 29,32-i :*not in attendance, i-<,SoS ;
in attendance, l,4fHi."
IXDIAN TKIBSi.
In its duty of guardianship over the Indian
