486
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 10,
Ho. of JBbps.
Naturalization—Mr. Stiles.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
tribes the simple policy of education has been
never fairly tried by this Government. We
hayespent.$500,000,000 in Indian wars, while
we have been deaf to the .appeals which some
of the most intelligent of the Indians have in
vain made to us for the establishment of schools
for their children. -Well says the present Sec-
retary of the Interior, in his noble and touch-
ing appeal for the sympathies and cooperation
of the Christians of America in the new policy
which this Administration is endeavoring to
inaugurate, "Quick extermination with the
sword would be a mercy compared with the
influence of our civilization." I have no in-
clination to enlarge upon the details of the
ruffianly-treatment, by this nation of these weak
and dependent- children. Not until a faithful
trial of the experiment of education can this
people be absolved by the impartial judgment
of history from a large measure of responsi-
bility for the degradation of our Indian tribes.
education the tkub reconstruction policy.
This education, the peaceful avenue to the
attainment of each of the great objects of
natiorial desire, is also the true reconstruction
policy. You have busied yourselves to devise
barriers of paper, parchment, wax—impotent
as bands of tow against the fires of treason
and hate. 1 would not undervalue the strength
of congressional legislation, or the inestimable
blessings of the fifteenth amendment; but I
say that all these are a snare and a delusion
unless they are followed by ample provision
for the education of the people. You have to
every rebel State, save one, restored all State
powers. No legislation, no constitutional pro-
visions which must in the last resort depend
for enforcement on courts and juries, can pro-
tect your newly enfranchised citizen in his
constitutional rigths unless you give him the
defenses of intelligence and virtue.
I tell every Republican within the sound
of my voice, if you flinch now all thatyou have
already gained for republicanism, for Union,
for democratic liberty will be lost. The blood,
the treasure, the life which have been poured
out like water will be wasted. Unless this
national education is practicable, unless it is
to be accomplished, the tyrant, the despot,
the monarch, the- noble, the slaveholder are
right. There is no middle ground between
men educated and men enslaved. You have
no right to shrink from tho fulfillment of the
duty you have undertaken, which is to secure
to every man within your jurisdiction his full
equality before the law ami his full and equal
share of political power. It is but a mockery
'/> extend to him the ballot-box and then to
put, out his eyes that he cannot see it.
1 cannot understand the state of mind of
men who see in this effort to educate the people
an attempt to accomplish partisan or political
ends. Certainly no respectable number of
American statesmen can be found to say that
intelligence—thata knowledge of reading, writ-
ing, arithmetic, or the history of the country—
will have on effect injurious to the doctrines
or policy to which they hold. For myself, I
utterly disclaim any such purpose. I believe
with my whole soul that the preservation of
mv cowotry is as certainly dependent on the
adoption of this policy of universal pnblie
instruction as it was on the overthrow of the
rebellion. I could hear without alarm that all
the nations of Europe had united their forces
for the overthrow of this Government; but I
cannot bear without alarm that one fourth of
the whole political power of this country is
wielded by men who cannot read, and that
over a large part of her territory men are band-
ing themselves together to resist the extension
ofeducation to the people, while Congress looks
idly on and extends no help.
Now first among civilized nations, America
will in a few generations, perhaps in a single
generatiQn, be the last, unless she shall awake
to her true interest. Many of our States have
no reason to be ashamed of their history; but
the relation of our national action in this matter
what American who regards the good name of
his country can hear without a blush? How
does she stand to-day? While others have
learned the lesson that in popular education is
to be found the key to national greatness; while
Prussia points to Sadowa as evidence of the
triumph in war of an instructed people, and to
an achievement in a nobler competition, her
mighty ingots of steel, with which Ivrupp aston-
ished the iron-workers of the world as the re-
sult of the science of her educated workmen;
while little Wurtemberg, with her seven thou-
sand square miles of territory aud her one
million seven hundred thousand population,
shows three hundred thousand children in her
schools, five thousand in her scientific and
five thousand in her classical institutions ;
while Switzerland proclaims to mankind the
new-found truth that a law which compels every
child to be educated is a cheaper and stronger
defense than armies; while France is snatch-
ing from her ancient rival, by virtue of her
special education, the palm of excellence in
manufacture and art; while England, extend-
ing the suffrage with one hand is extending
education with the other, how is it with Amer-
ica? She presents the spectacle of a republic
without national provision for education ; her
Representatives grudging a meager pittance
of $15,000 for a bureau of public instruction,
which she crowds into a room not large enough
for a decent barber's shop ; expending $500,-
000,000 in making war on Indian tribes, from
whom she steals their school funds, they ap-
pealing to her iu vain for education, while she
thrusts them back into barbarism ; one of her
Territories, which has been for twenty years
under her jurisdiction, with only one fifth of
its adult population able to read and write, one
fourth of her voters in ignorance, while armed
bands over a large part of her territory combine
to crush all attempts to give them knowledge.
Compared with the magnitude of this ques-
tion all matters of tariff, of finance, or currency
are trifles. National poverty and national
wealth are of little account compared with na-
tional ignorance and national education; rat her
let me say, with ignorance there can be no
wealt h, with education there can be no poverty.
The term of office of this Congress has seen the
accomplishment of the most important event in
our civil history since the Constitution—the
adoption by the American people of the last of
the three great amendments. As our fathers
accompanied the Constitution with the promul-
gation of the great Ordinance of 1787, iu which
they declare " schools aud the means of educa-
tion shall be forever encouraged," let us, in
extending the charter of freedom over a new
race, reaffirm that declaration with wider and
more beneficent scope. We invade no State
right; we trench upon no local jurisdiction ;
we destroy no power of self government by a
policy that extends to every citizen in every
State and in every locality the capacity for local
self-government, and the intelligence to appre-
ciate whatever makes the State valued or dear.
Naturalization.
REMARKS OF HON. JOHN D. STILES,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
Is the House of Representatives,
June 10,1870,
On tho bill (H. R. No. 1399) to establish a uniform
system of naturalization, and to reguiato-proceed-
ings under tho same.
Mr. STILES. Mr.Speaker, the presentnat-
uralization laws of the u nited States have been
a partof our organic law almost from the found-
ation of the Government. While the Con-
stitution itself has from time to time been
radically changed, the laws relating to the nat-
uralization of foreign-born citizens have, with
slight modifications and amendments, with-
stood political revolutions and the mutations
of time. They embody a perfect system of
naturalization. They are wise and just, and
should not be changed. The men who framed
these wholesome laws were patriots and states-
men, and were not politicians. They were
wiser and better than we, and the work of their
hands should remain unchanged.
This bill is another of those attempts to
change the fundamental principles of the Gov-
ernment which have contributed so much to
our greatness and our prosperity. It oiigmates
in the interest of party. It comes from the
State of New York, from gentlemen who have
just learned that that great State has condemned
this Administration and this Congress, and
hurriedly this bill is pressed that tho large
class of foreign voters in that State shall be
proscribed and persecuted.
It is unnecessary for me to go over all the
sections of the bill. I shall confine myself to
one or two of its provisions. It proposes to
place the whole subject of naturalization iu the
United States courts. This is another attempt
to interfere with State courts, State laws, and
State sovereignty. Like the bills to enforce
your constitutional amendments, all power is
to be placed in the hands of the Federal Gov-
ernment. This provision alone would prevent
foreigners from seeking to become citizens.
In many sections of the countiythey would -be
obliged to travel hundreds of miles to make
application. Such expense and time would
almost effectually prevent these men from be-
coming citizens. It gives to the cities vast
advantages over districts remote from Federal
courts. The bill also changes entirely the mode
and manner of making the applications, the
manner of proof of residence, and is vexatious
and unnecessary. Look, sir, at the monstrous
provisions of the third section. 1 read the
first clause:
Sec. 3. And b^it farther enacted, That if it be proved
in the manner provided in the first section of this
act to the satisfaction of such court that aueh alien
is entitled to admission, tho said court shall there-
upon adjudge that he bo admitted and entitled to ail
the privileges of citizenship, at the expiration of six
months from tho date of stick judgment.
After the alien shall have complied with the
provisions of the first and second sections; after
he shall have given notice of his intention to
make application ; after he has proved his peti-
tion to be true; after he has been subjected to
cross-examination ; after his case is perfected,
he must wait a period of six months before he
can be admitted to citizenship. Could there
be any more obnoxious provision in any taw
than that? The other provisions of the whole
seventeen sections are equally monstrous and
unjust. It is intended to entirely defeat nat-
uralization.
I shall oppose it because it is an attempt to
revive thespiritof persecution and proscription
that once disgraced the American nation. It,
is an attempt to revive the old Native-American
and Know-Nothing parties that at one time
wielded great power in the politics of the coun-
try. It is an attempt upou the part of those in
power to perpetuate that power by introducing
this exciting element of discord among us. It
is the last hope of a demoralized party whose
only salvation is to divert the people from the
questions involved in the reconstruction of the
Union, aud an honest, economical administra-
tion of the Government. That cannot be done.
You cannot revive persecution against the Irish
and German people that now inhabit every sec-
tion of the Union. The last year a vast army
of foreigners cameamong us—neatly four hun-
dred thousand; and the last month more than
seventy thousand left one port to seek a home
in this land of professed' freedom and equality.
