18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
I appear to every man to say who, if not the
money power, the bondholders, and the national
bankers/control the business interests of the
country? 'Such men as Fisk, Vanderbilt, As-
tory Stewart, and -other men of* known wealth
are mere bagatelles'in and of themselves.
' But ithere is anotiier reason why the whole
financial system growing out of the issue of
these-bonds'should be abolished which to my
mind is entirely sufficient. It is a deplorable, a
startling fact, that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury "has more power over the fortunes of men
and over their earnings than Seward had over
the-lives and liberties of the people of the
North when he shook that infamous bell, the
mere sound of which immured men in bastiles
without charge or trial, and from whence few
came away alive. When the late great finan-
cial excitement was' culminating in Wall street
Mr. Boutwellwas quietly sitting, not exactly in
Cabinet meeting, but nearly so, watching the
progress of events and reading telegraphic dis-
patches. Bankruptcy and ruin were staring
thousands upon thousands of honest men in the
face. Under this bond and bank system he was
the observed of all observers. Every eye was
turned toward him, every appeal was sent to
him, for he was the only one who, under our
worthy President, had thepower to' save—•" he
could protect and he could destroy." He held
the gold, the people's gold, and as soon as in-
terest or duty prompted he eould with a stroke
of his pen or by a "click" of the telegraph
stop the infamous proceedings. If the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and our worthy President
and all their relations and friends, direct, col-
lateral and official, had not been honest under
the circumstances alluded to how easy it would
have been for the bulls of Wall street to have
an arrangement by which the Secretary could
have controlled the gold until all of them had
amassed colossal fortunes! Let us wipe out
the bonds lest dishonest men should succeed
our officials and play such a game as they
might have played.
Gentlemen may and do talk about the faith
of the Government being pledged 10 the pay-
ment of the bonds, and the sacredness of that
plighted faith. The receipts and vouchers given
by our Army officers to loyal men under the
sanction and by the authority of our Govern-
ment for hundreds of millions of dollars' worth
of property taken and used or destroyed by the
Army during the war are certainly as sacred
as bonds signed by the Treasurer and Register
of the Treasury. This plighted faith of the
Government is totally disregarded by the party
in power. I regard the rights of the masses as
paramount to the rights of capitalists.
The wisdom of Ulysses is highly extolled by
old Homer in the Illiad; but he never dreamed
in all his philosophy of reducing the circulating
medium at a time like the present, and thus
bringing utter ruin and bankruptcy on the
West and South. This suggestion of our Sec-
retary is backed and indorsed by our worthy
President and the bondholders. This scheme
will force men to pay debts in gold which were
contracted to be paid in an inflated paper cur-
rency and ruin the debtor for the benefit of
the creditor. Let us repudiate the bonds and
stop such iniquitous and unjust proceedings.
But I am in favor of repudiation as a set-off
to the repudiation of $4,000,000,000 of the
claims filed by loyal men against this Govern-
ment for losses and damages sustained by the
war and property furnished for and used and
taken by our Government for war purposes.
On the 25th day of April, 1866. Mr. Delano
used the following language on this floor:
. " The nation now groans with the weight of pub-
lie debt and taxation. I know there are now floating
Sla™s„«aga'nst nation not less in amount than
£-1,000,000,00(1; and these, if admitted at all,will never
be settled with Jess than $2,009,000,000."
In a colloquy at the time between Mr. Bout-
well. noiv the Secretary of the Treasury, and
Mr. Delano in regard to the payment of these
claims, Mr. Boutv/ell said "he would as lief
Bpend the money on the Niagara ship-canal."
He always opposed that project, and openly
declared his unwillingness to pay these claims,
although Mr. Delano said they were the claims
of loyal persons.
Why will not this Government pay the losses
of those loyal southern men and women who
periled everything, lost, everything, endured
everything for this Government; who traveled
over mountains and across valleys; waded
through streams in the dead of winter ; those
who, with naked and bleeding feet, weak and
exhausted with hunger and cold, sought refuge
under the starry flag far from their homes?
Those who at the peril of their lives fed and
sheltered and secreted the Union soldiers who
had escaped from the prison pens of the South ;
those poor women whose husbands and sons
were cruelly butchered by the rebels before
their eyes because those men and women loved
the Union—why not pay them? No, no ; the
bondholder is the only person worth looking
after. The party or the Congress who ean dis-
regard the appeals of those loyalists of the
South such as I have mentioned need notabuse
me because I will not favor the payment of the
bonds twice.
The Republican party have practically re-
pudiated $4,000,000,000 of honest debts. Sec-
retary Boutwell would as soon spend it in what
he thinks a useless project as to pay it to honest
claimants. The estimate he and his party place
on these claims and on the bondholders' claims
exhibit a most striking contrast.
_ The iniquitous distribution of wealth, and par-
ticularly of power, the power of wealth, which
accrues to the comparatively few from the
present fraudulent bondholding and banking
system, will be destroyed by repudiating those
bonds, and thenceforth those aristocratic gen-
tlemen will have to compete ou equal terms
with those who have been borne down by their
oppressions, special privileges, and exemptions
from liabilities. Industry, enterprise, and fru-
gality will soon restore that equilibrium which
the unjust distribution of Government favors
through unjust legislation has so materially de-
stroyed. The $2,600,000,000 now represented
by bonds will yield no more to its possessors
than does that value in the broad acres of the
West to the hardy sons of toil. Repudiation
of this debt will free the nation from an incu-
bus and make the capital of the rich come on
the same footing with the poor—the rich still,
however, holding the advantage in proportion
to their wealth or capital, but a fair relative
proportion and no more. This is simple jus-
tice ; and this I am in favor of, and that
immediately.
The best writers on political economy and
financial matters agree that the average rate of
profit on capital, money excepted, does not
amount, after taxation and other necessary
incidental expenses, to more than two per cent.,
and this, too, with the constant labor, care, and
watchfulness of the owners. The bondholder
and bankermakeaboutthirtypercent., counted
in currency, and this without any particular
labor; for the Government kindly hires and
pays men to gather up their gold interest and
to hand it over to them. But these bonds
ought to be repudiated, because the contract
by and through which they were obtained was
usurious and contrary to public policy. The
same moral rules will apply to a government
that applies to a person. A government may
make promises, like an individual, which ought
not to be kepi. It may "pledge its faith" in
such manner and for such purposes as to be
void of all moral obligation. A man under
certain pressing circumstances may borrow
$100 from another, give his note for it. and
promise to pay $100 interest or §100 for its
use in one day thereafter. In this case there
is no moral obligation to fulfill such a contract,
nor is there a law on the statute-book of any
government to compel him so to do. No right-
minded man will claim that such a contract,
such an amount, should be required by the
lender; nor will any fair man say that the
borrower could or should bo either legally or
morally bound to fulfill its terms.
A government may do wrong in such matters
just as individuals may do wrong; but the laws
of God and man alike release botli men and
governments from such obligations, although"
voluntarily assumed. The Bible, in the twen-
ty-fifth chapter of Leviticus, says :
"And if thy brother bo waxen poor and fallen in
decay with thee, thouslialtrelicve him; yea, though
he be a stranger, or a sojourner. Take thou no usury
of Mm. Thou shalt not give him thy money upon
usury, nor land him thy victuals upon increase."
Again, in the eighteenth chapter of Ezekiel,
we find these words :
"Ho that hath not given forth upon usury " *
■" :: " hath executed true judgment between
man and man," jje y,at
hath given forth upon usury and hath taken increase
ho shall not live." '•   ■" "He that
hath not received usury shall surely live."
According to this what shall become of the
bondholders and bankers?
Under the Jewish law all debtors and slaves
were free in the year of jubilee. When this
bonded debt shall be wiped out the American
people will be free; it will be truly the year
of jubilee to them. Another reason for the
repudiation of this bonded debt is that the men
who contracted it, and through whose agency
the laws were enacted authorizing such unex-
ampled swindling, did not assume to bind them-
selves, but to bind the people, and that, too,
without their consent. The people had not
been consulted on the subject; the whole system
was the creation of capitalists and got up to rob
the people. On the principle that one Congress
can repeal any act passed by a preceding one,
why not repeal this whole system of fraud and
peculation ?
I said that the contract between the Govern-
ment and the bondholders was usurious and
ought to be abrogated. Every State in the
Union and every civilized nation nearly have
their laws regulating usury. These laws are
made to protect the weak against the strong,
the poor against the rich. Human wisdom,
embodied in statutory enactments, expressed
in every form,_ in the Bible, in the play of the
"'Merchant of Venice," in every day life, is
against the bondholders and bankers. They
are the enemies of the people, the enemies of
progress, the vampires who are daily drawing
the life-blood from the toiling millions to feed
and pampei themselves and their haughty
families.
Another leason for the repudiation of these
bonds is that it would restore society to a
healthy condition, do away with those useless
and unjust distinctions which have lately grown
up among the people.
If we repudiate this debt we go veiy far
toward bringing the Government back to its
true standard in a social point of view, when
merit, not mere wealth, shall constitute the
standard by which persons are to be judged.
And merit, not mere wealth, is the only true
rule by which a people ean ever becomo great
and prosperous.
Another reason is that labor has the power
and the moral right to say whether or not these
bonds shall be paid twice ; whether or not this
continual drain in gold interest shall go on;
whether or not the people shall continue to bo
slaves, in the sense Professor Walker uses the
word.
I have said that all wealth is the result or
product of labor, and I may add that capital
of itself produces nothing." What would a
thousand or a million of dollars in gold locked
up in the sate ot^ some banker or bondholder
produce! Nothing. These moneyed gentle-
men know this; and they have invested their
wealth, frequently ill-gotten wealth, in Govern-
ment bonds, and Congress taxes the people to
pay the gold interest thereon. G ent Ic'inen may
say that repudiation is revolution. Call it what
you^will, repudiation of this bonded debt is
justice, because it has already been paid. IT
it is revolution then I am a revolutionist. Eng-
land boasts of the revolution of 1688—America
