1869.
THE OONGBESSIOMAL GLOBE.
189
boasts of the Revolution of 1776 ; and both
Governments owe whatever of freedom and lib-
erty they possess to those revolutions. Labor
has the power and iporal right- to thus revolu-
tionize ; it can be done without bloodshed,
This debt can be repudiated; labor ean be, re-
lieved of its unju®t burden of taxation ; capital
can be made bear" its proportion of the taxes
through the means of the ballot-box, and by
electingto office men who will regard the rights
of labor as being as sacred as the rights of
capital. The rights of labor are more sacred-
far more to be regarded and legislated for and
looked after than the rights of capital; for from
labor comes everything we have; everything
which makes a nation great; everything whicl^
under God's blessing, makes a people prosper-
ous and happy.
Labor has the votes. Why not throw aside
party prejudices and use these votes at the right
time and for theright? Capitalists look sharply
after their interests, and their whole study is
how to make the most out of their money, how
to enhance their interests. Why does not labor
do the same? If the capitalists had the same
numerical power at the ballot-box they would
double the principal and interest of their bonds
at will; they would extend their privileges of
exemption from taxation to all fovms of prop-
erty they own or possess, and thus transfer all
the burdens of taxation from themselves to
labor. What sensible man doubts this? lias
a Shylock any conscience? Sixty per cent, of
the cost of their bonds represent'1 shaveforly
per cent., money. Are they not as clamorous
for the "shave" part as for the other? If thoy
eould extort from labor $500 for one would
they not do so? Why, then, will labor not
defend itself at the ballot-box and elect men
to office, to Congress, if you please, who will
legislate on the principle enunciated by Jeremy
Bentham, "the greatest good to the greatest
number;" or, as Jefferson advised, "Lei the
Government take care of the poor and the rich
will take care of themselves?" If the voter,
the laborer, the tax-payer, will stop and think
what the bondholders are doing, and what they
would do in addition if they had the power, it
is possible that they would not be long in ex-
cluding from seats on this floor every man who
is a bondholder or banker.
But gentlemen here are loud-spoken agaimt
repudiation when it touches the bondholder or
national banker. Have not pome gentlemen,
members of the present Congress, voted in a
former Congress for the so-called legal-tender
act, which authorized and legalized the repu-
diation of private debts and contracts ? The
courts are full of cases where persons who had
loaned gold on a contract to receive gold in
payment were forced to take greenbacks worth
l'orty cents on the dollar. How much more
honorable or less dishonorable would it be to
refuse to pay the principal and interest of these
bonds, and especially so when the bondholders
have already been fully paid, and overpaid, as
I have before remarked ?
The bonds ought to be repudiated because
the capitalists knew when they bought them
that while the war lasted prices would be high,
people would be apparently getting rich, the
taxes, enormous as they were, would be paid for
a while, long enough to enable them to get back
their principal, with interest in gold, which
they have more than received, and that when
the people "got through burying their dead,"
when time should heal to some extent the
wounds made by the war, when the fictitious
values of property would pass away, and the
people would repudiate thjC debt, as all nations
and peoples have ever done with such national
debts, their bonds might be worth something.
In this view of the ease they bought the bonds
simply as a business transaction. Not one in |
fifty of them bought bonds from motives of
patriotism. Not a single one of them would
have bought a bond if he had been compelled
to pay $1,000 in gold for a bond calling for
$1,000, if principal and interest had not both
been payable in gold. It wastheir interest to
prolong the war and their principle to bleed
the Government. They did it; the purchase
of the bonds, and the national banking system
growing out of their issue, were simply sharp
business transactions.
After the revolutionary war the same reasons
were urged by capitalists for the payment of
the continental money, namely, that it_ was
lent to the Government from patriotic motives;
they now call it11 loyalty." The people then,
as now, knew the assertion to be untrue, and
repudiated the whole debt. In Benton's De-
bates, volume one, page 193, we find a distin-
guished member of Congress from New Hamp-
shire, Mr. Livermor«, using the following
language :
"Money lent in thisdcpreciated and depreciating
paper can hardly bo said to bo lent from a spirit of
pairio tisia; it was a m ore speculation in public secur-
ities. Thoy hoped by putting their money into the
loan-ottice, though in a depreciated state, to receive
hard money for it by and by. I flutter myself this
prediction wilt never bo effected."
After being the chief instruments in depre-
ciating the currency and distressing the Gov-
ernment by withholding their money until they
could invest it at rates ruinous to the people
and the country, they and their friends now
prate about loyalty. There is scarcely one of
them who would not levy upon and sell the
wooden leg of a crippled soldier to obtain their
gold interest. Their dues must be paid. The
party in power—it is almost synonymous with
the moneyed oligarchy now reaching for the
very vitals of our national life—has amused
and deceived the people with new expedients;
tempted their cupidity with new-fangled finan-
cial schemes; declaimed in indefinite terms
about liberty, equality, and universal brother-
hood, and suffrage, and being (he friends of
the laboring man; asserted in the most pre-
sumptuous manner the extreme friendship of
that party for the people; while its acts, legis-
lative and otherwise, arc the very opposite of
the aforesaid professions.
Pisistratus preached liberty and equality, was
the friend of the poor, denounced Solon and
other patriots and sages who were in his way
as enemies of the people. In this way ho flat-
tered their vanity, and they therefore yielded
to him their credulity, and their country was
subjugated to despotism. Julius Caisar and
Robespierre and his Jacobin club, and Louis
Napoleon and the Radical party have all done
the same thing. Oar liberties as citizens have
been taken from us. But despite the bare-
faced villainy of those stock-gamblers it may
be truly said that " knaves still proselyte fools,"
and thieving politicians still have their friends
and apologists.
I am in favor of the payment of back pay,
bounty, commutation, prize money, or what-
ever may be justly due to the soldiers and the
sailors and others who fought to put down the
rebellion ; in favor of paying pensions to all
entitled to the same, especially to the widows
and orphans of our deceased soldiers.
But we are to have a funded debt. It has
been justly, truthfully said that "of all the
schemes over devised by the perverse ingenu-
ity of man for making the rich richer and the
poor poorer, the weak weaker and the strong
stronger, the funding system, with its acces-
sories, holds the highest rank." The enormous
monopolies of the country are but accessories
of the bond system, and their power will be
diminished when the bonds are repudiated.
When William of Orange inaugurated the
funding system of England Doubleday says
that the yeomanry of England were a manly,
self-reliant, and independent race of men ; that
they mostly were the owners of their own cot-
tages and gardens; that every man had con-
stant employment at good wages. What are
they now? Stripped of their property, all the
'find ot Great Britain in the hands of three
thousand men, the laboring masses the mere
slaves and vassals of the moneyed oligarchy ;
and the funding system did it.
John Francis, in his Chronicles and Char-
acters of the Stock Exchange, says that the
moneyed interest was unknown until 1692;
and adds:
"But now the tremendous potency of the monetary
power directs the destinies of nations. Wa behold
in tangible form a power so terribly strong that,
with a touch, it can paralyze armies,. Wo behold a
power gradually weaving around us a net from which
it is impossible to escape, and claiming with a stern
accent which brooks no denial the right of property
in ourselves, our soil, our earnings, our industry,
and our children. To this moneyed influence wo
can trace most of the political changes which per-
plex mankind and which seem to baffle explanation.
Tho wisest of our statesmen have tried to cheek it?
advance and failed to do so; the worst of them have
encouraged its growth and declared it almost harm-
less; the most adroit liavo yielded to its power and
made money by so doingr. Interest after interest
has gone down in a vain struggle to oppose it, yet its
appetite is as keen as ever."
lie says that the most colossal fortunes and
the most abject poverty exist in England to-
gether. Doubleday says that at the time the
funding system was inaugurated the poor-rates
were only £300,000, while they are now
£8,000,000. In the mean time the population
has trebled and the poor-rates have increased
nearly thirtyfold. It has been well said that
the contest between the people and the funding
system has apparently ended in England, but
it is in its incipiency hero. In this country
the issue is well defined ; as I remarked in the
outset, it, is snbjugation of the people by the
moneyed power or repudiation of the bonded
debt.
Why does our Government refuse to take its
own paper for customs while it forces our cit-
izens to take greenbacks for notes payable
by their terms m gold for gold borrowed or
loaned? It is claimed that the bondholders
must have gold interest because it is so agreed.
Why not have the person who deposits gold in
banks receive gold in payment when it is so
agreed The sales of gold by the United
States Treasury is nothing less than repudia-
tion. The Government promises on a green-
back, or a legal-tender note if you please, to
pay the bearer five dollars; it refuses to take
that note in payment of custom duties. While
it has gold in the Treasury it will not redeem
its promise, its own paper, but puts the gold
in market, perhaps secretly, and shaves its own
paper; buys it in at seventy cents or less when
it promised one hundred cents.
If we repudiate these iniquitous bonds, already
over paid, refuse to pay them again, the credit
of our Government will be much stronger, be-
cause wo will be out of debt; its notes will
assume a par value and be receivable for im-
port duties and everything else at their face.
In place of paying gold to the rich and rags
to the poor, as we now do, there will be one
kind of currency for all, and gambling in United
States stocks will be at an end.
There are a few small bondholders who ob-
tained their bonds honestly. To such I would
say profit by the example set by the NewEng-
landers in regard to their slaves. They sold
their slaves for money to the South and then
succeeded in abolishing slavery and rendering
the property so sold worthless. Let tho small
bondholders sell their bonds to the large ones.
Repudiation of the bonds is coming with the
certainty ot fate. Let the honest turn their
bonds over to those who have grown rich by
banking and stock gambling. They ean afford
to lose them.
Greece, the cradle of letters and the nursery
of the arts, the land of Homer, of Solon and
Herodotus; the theater of Thermopylae, of
Leuctra, and of Marathon; whose history in-
spires the mind and fires the genius of man
with illustrious examples of devoted patriot-
ism, has her counterpart in heroic deeds in the
history of our last great war; but we search in
vain among the names of bondholders, national
bankers, and money sharks for instances.. Tho
spirit and purpose which animated Pisistratus
in putting down Solon; the same spirit which
ostracised Aristides because he was called the
just; the mob led on or instigated by bad men
