1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
41st Cong....2d Sess.
lliver and Harbor Appropriations—Mr. Prosser.
Ho. oi? Reps.
The forms of our Government are liberal; oar
laws should be just to all. The extent of our
territory, our system of education, all conspire
to make this land of ours the home of the
oppressed of all nations and climes.
Who is willing now to stay this tide of immi-
gration? Where are the petitions from our
people demanding this extraordinary-legisla-
tion? No portion of our people ask it, and
you would fasten upon them a law unworthy
of this Congress. We have not forgotten the
alien and sedition laws. We have not forgotten
all the forms in which our foreign citizens have
been persecuted. The Democratic party have
always defended and stood by the rights of
our citizens, whether born here or upon foreign
soil. There has always been, and is to-day,
another party that has had no feeling in com-
mon with the oppressed.
In this contest all that we can do here is to
protest against this bill. Cut, sir, there is a
forum before which we can appear and be heard.
If you pass this measure wo shall appeal from
your decision to the people. You have thus
far passed no law to prevent the freedom of
speech before the people. If that right shall
be preserved, so as we shall be heard elsewhere
before our constituents, we shall demand their
judgment upon this bold attempt to strike down
the rights of our foreign population by the pas-
sage of this bill.
River and Harbor Appropriations.
SPEECH OF HON. W. F. PROSSER,
of tennessee,
In the House of Representatives,
June 13, 1870,
Oh the bill (H. II. No. 2092) making appropriations
for tho repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public worke on rivers and harbors, and for
other purposes, for the year ending June 30,1871.
Mr. PROSSER. Mr. Chairman, I offer the
following amendment to the section providing
for surveys by the engineer department:
Insert in line seventeen tho words " the Cumber-
land liver, from its mouth to its source."
I know how ungracious a task it is to offer
further amendments to this bill. I know how
apprehensive the committee is that the whole
bill may fail if too much is added to it, yet the
liver mentioned in my amendment is one of
the most important of the tributaries of the
Ohio, and its commerce will compare favor-
ably with any of the southern tributaries of the
Mississippi.
I am not disposed to complain of the framers
of this bill, or of the Committee on Appro-
priations, which has recommended it, but I do
say that there are rivers in the South, and that
the interests of the South should have received
more attention. I am in favor of a judicious
appropriation of public money for the improve-
ment of navigation wherever the interests of
commerce require it as the best meaus of
competing with the railroad monopolies of the
country ; but aglance at this bill will convince
any one that it is almost entirely for the benefit
of the northern States. The whole amount
appropriated by this bill is $3,498,000, and of
this sum only the pitiful amount of $230,000
is to be expended in the southern States proper,
not including the Ohio river, in which the
northern States have a more direct interest
than the southern.
For the State of Michigan there is appro-
priated the sum of $378,000 ; for tho State of
Wisconsin, $152,500; for the State of Massa-
chusetts, $157,000; for the State of New York,
.'?">15,000; while for the fifteen southern States,
rtith all their wealth of production, there is
appropriated less than a quarter of a million
dollars. These State? are full of navigable
-.(reams, available for commercial purposes for
hundreds and thousands of miles; yet the most
of them are not once mentioned, while streams
in the North only fit for fish-traps have large
appropriations. I do notcomplain ofthe action
of the committee, and I believe they have acted
honestly with the best lights before them, but I
do claim that the southern rivers arc entitled to
some consideration. Gentlemen have object-
ed to the amount appropriated for the falls of
the Ohio, at Louisville; but in my judgment
no more judicious expenditure is proposed in
this bill, and the only objection I have to it is
that it is not enough. The commerce of the
Ohio river is more valuable than all the foreign
commerce of the United States, and deserves
the care and protection of Congress in a greater
degree than it has received heretofore.
The Cumberland river, whose survey I have
proposed, is navigable for more than five hun-
dred miles, one hundred and seventy in the State
of Tennessee and over three hundred and thirty
in the State of Kentucky. It drains a territory
eighteen thousand square miles in extent, rich
in agricultural and mineral resources, with a
delicious climate, a fertile soil, and supplied
with almost everything needed by the human
family. Running through a limestone region
for the most part, with a deep, narrow chan-
nel resembling a canal, a comparatively small
expenditure would make it an excellent stieam
for the purposes of navigation.
The trade upon this river was much larger
before the war than it is now, but the following
is a statement of its present amount between
Nashville and the mouth of the river, a dis-
tance of two hundred miles.
Fifty steamboats, averaging two hundred
and fifty tons each, carry out annually to all
points 30,000 bales of cotton, 25,000 hogs-
heads of tobacco, 2,000,000 feet of lumber,
2,000,000 tons of iron, 5,000,000 pounds of
bacon, 025,000 bushels of corn, 200,000 bush-
els of oats, 800,000 bushels of coal; and of
salt an immense quantity ; but I have no relia-
ble estimate of the amount. Ofthe trade and
shipping on the river above Nashville I have
no data, but it is considerable, and would be
largely increased with improved navigation.
Large quantities of coal, lumber, grain, and
other products are lost every year on their way
down the river in consequence of obstructions
that might easily be removed. It might be sup-
posed that appropriations from time to time
would be made for the benefit of this river; but
not a dollar has been thus expended by the
national Government since 1838. The follow-
ing statement is taken from the books of the
engineer department of sums appropriated for
the Cumberland river:
Year. Amount.
1832 $30,000
183 4  30,000
183 6  20,0110
183 7  55,000
183 5  20,000
In the year 1834 Congress passed a resolu-
tion instructing the Secretary of War " to send
an engineer to extend the navigation' of the
Cumberland river from Nashville up to the
falls, or to the highest point on said river sus-
ceptible of being made navigable for steam-
boats, and that he report to the next session
of Congress the result of his examination as to
the practicability of improving the navigation
of said river, and the advantages, in his opinion,
that would result to the citizens of the States
of Tennessee and Kentucky, and to the com-
munity generally, by the improvement afore-
said."
The following extracts from the report of the
engineer who made a survey of the river in the
year 1834 will show the importance of the
work at that time :
"In this neighborhood (speaking of the portion
of the river between Laurel nver and the mouth of
the Great South lork in the State ot Kentucky)
commences the coal region, which extends on both
sides of the river nearly thir^-ou mites down. The
coal is bituminous, of an excellent quality, and
nearly resembling that found at Pittsburg. The
mines arc beginning to be worked pretty extensively,
and it requires only a safe and certain navigation to
rondcr tlio trade in this article alono an object of
immense importance, not only to the country in
which it is immediately situated, but to tho whole
region bordering upon the lower Ohio, tho Missis-
sippi and its tributary streams. Tho veins arc three
in number, ranged one above tho other, art will bo
seen by reference to the geological profile and me-
moir attached to this report. They vary from three
and a bait' feet to four feet tea inches in thickness.
"Tho supp'y of this valuable production is vorv
abundant, indeed inexhaustible; and found as it is
in the immediate bank of tho river, the expense of
getting it into arks to bo floated down is of courso
very small. There are already twenty-five mines,
employing from two hundred and fifty to three hun-
dred men. Many of these wore opened during the
lastseason. (This, itwill be remembered, was in tho
year 1834, or thirty-six years ago.) The year pre-
vious forty-one boatsdescended the river laden with
an avcragoof twenty-fivehundred bushels each, and
this summer one hundred more were building, in-
tended to be sent down the river at the first rise of
water sufficient to enable them to pass over tho
obstructions below. The trade, however, as I had an
opportunity of ascertaining by personal observation,
is as yet only in its infancy. The difficulties and
risks attendant upon tho transportation have oper-
ated to check the investment of capital to any largo
amount m its extension. The necessity of consult-
ing its interests in any plan that may bo formed for
the improvement of the river is obvious. Wore there
no oilier inducement, it is believed that the trade in
this ai ticlc aione would bo i-ufficicnt to justify a large
expenditure in improving the navigation for its
accommodation."
In closing his report the engineer makes the
following statements:
" The importance of opening any course of naviga-
tion must bo estimated chiefly from a consideration
of the natural products which will thereby lind an
outlet to market, the comparative difficulty of other
modes of access to it, and tho present or prospective
amount of population interested in its use. In either
of these points of viewthe importance and necessity
of the contemplated improvement of the navigation
of tho Cumberland river must bo manifest. The ex-
tensive valley which is watered by this noble but
wild and fluctuating stream abounds in products the
most valuable to in.rn. Iron, coal, salt, alum, niter,
copperas, gypsum, lead, andglauber saltsare among
its items of mineral wealth, while from its fertile soil
largo crops of corn, tobacco, and cotton, and from its
lorests an ample supply of timber, tar, and cedar
posts await bin an avenuo to market to remunerate
by tho most liberal returns the elforts of industry
and enterprise. For want of this, however, all tbeso
sources ot emolument and social prosperity are com-
paratively locked up, and their proprietors <n a great
dcriee precluded from advantages which they well
undeiytaod and would eagerly embrace.
" Thearticlo of salt isof undispensable necessity to
human comfort, and even subsistence; yet lor the
entire supply ot this necessary the Cumberland val-
ley is dependent upon the country below, because
from thence only is there any transportation lor it.
Tho salt comes up from Nashville in keel-boats,
charged, of course, with a heavy addition toitspnee
on that account. Tho natural consequence of tho
difficulties of the navigation, even below Nashville,
is that in low stages of tho water boatsdislrko to bur-
den themselves with so we.ighty a commodity, while
others much lighter afford an equal profit, and henoo
salt at such times is comparatively scarce and doar.
Were the river fully opened the article would coaio
down in abundance from abovo and would be re-
lieved lrom the heavy charges for transportation
with which it is now unavoidably burdened. Upon
1'ishing creek, a tributary ofthe Cuiabeiland, about
five miles from Somerset, the county scat of Pulaski
county, salt has been obtained by boring.
" Several veiy productive wells have been opened,
and the mnnufactuie, though yet in its infancy, is
prosecuted with energy and tho best prospects of
remuneration. Ono of the proprietors ot tho Goose
Creek Salt Works, the most extensive establishment
ofthe kind west of the mountains, and situated only
thirty miles from Laurel river, informed mo that m
case a certain navigation was provided they wore
ready to furnish at once five hundred thousand
bushels of salt per annum; and could so enlarge
their establishment as to meet the demand as it
might increase from year to year.
" The raising of tobacco is now comparatively neg-
lected, from the difficulty and unceita mty of getting
the crop to market. Thecounties ofWayue, Pubiski,
and Whitely, in Kentucky, formerly raised laige
quantities of this product, but, owing to tho above
eausc, have abandoned its culture almost entirely.
I was told, as low down as Burkesville, that three
fourths of all the tobaeeo brought to that place for
shipment the previous year still remained in tho
warehouses, the owners having been unable to get i1"
afloat before the waters iell, so as to render it impos-
sible to transport it to market.
"Such facts as these are sufficient to show of hoi?
much importance it is to all the country on the upper
Cumberland that its channels should be freed from
the obstructions that now incumber it, while the
,<'oi,Titry bvlov.* would be scarcely lejs benefited by
