1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5277
ators, •with a request that they take speedy action in
the matter. E_ j_ 1EWIS,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
GEO. H. ROGERS,
Speaker of the Assembly.
Approved March 18,1870.
II. H. HAIGHT,
Governor.
Indorsed "Senate concurrent resolution No. 30."
Mr. CHANDLER. This work is estimated
to cost $627,000. It is not recommended by
any one. There is a small amount of busi-
ness at this town, but I shall not resist the
amendment strenuously; I shall merely vote
against it.
Mr. CASSERLY. The statement in the
resolutions of the California Legislature is
doubtless authentic, that the cost of the light-
erage rendered necessary by the condition of
the harbor of Wilmington amounts to $75,000
per annum, and the Government has a very
large interest in this question. This is its port'
of delivery and distribution for its posts through
the southern part of California and the adjoin-
ing portions of Arizona. As is stated there,
the Government has large warehouses for the
storing of its goods, and if the cost of lighter-
age is as stated there, and I believe it is stated
correctly* every man of business in the Senate,
and indeed every Senator, can estimate for
himself how great are the risks in the use of
that harbor incurred from year to year. The
total expense, as stated there, of the proposed
improvement, is $350,000, which is a little
more than four years' expenditure for lighter-
age, as stated. The Senator from Michigan
speaks of it at a much higher figure. I am
not aware of the data upon whieh the higher
figure is b^ed, but I suppose the statements
in the joint resolution of the California Legisla-
ture are to be relied upon. The report spoken
of as appendentto that resolution was not> with
the certified copy whieh reached me.
I wish to remark that the importance of this
harbor is not overrated. It is the only harbor
for all that part of California which we call
the southern country, and for Los Angeles
and the adjoining country—one of the most
prosperous, fertile, and altogether promising
portions of our State. It is a country abound-
ing in the fruits not only of the temperate
zone, but of the tropical zone. It is a great
wine-producing, wool-growing, and grain rais-
ing district. It is entirely within bounds to
say that Wilmington is already, in all the coast
south of San Francisco, the next and most
important liarbor.
There is no appropriation whatever in this
bill, as I am informed by gentlemen who have
examined it, for the benefit of the State of
California. I am sure I need not say anything
to this intelligent body of the commercial im-
portance of that coast. The city of San Fran-
cisco is, in point of duties collected, in a very
high rankamongyour sea-ports, standing fourth
or fifth, unless I am mistaken.
I have not asked for the whole amount speci-
fied in the resolutions of instruction. I have
contented myself with the sum of $100,000,
considering that under the circumstances that
is as much t s I should be justified in moving
for at this time. I hope there will be no oppo-
sition to it. There is, as has been seen, a sur-
vey by competent authority on that coast, so
that in that respect this amendment stands as
well as most of those which have already been
put upon this bill.
Mr. STEWART. I have given this subject
some attention, and I think this is as merito-
rious an appropriation as any in the bill. It is
certainly very necessary, and it will be very
beneficial. I have examined General Alex-
ander's report, though I have not got it now
on my table. It shows that the expense of
this improvement will be small. In the long
stretch of country from San Francisco to San
Diego there is no harbor. If we have a land-
ing at Wilmington, without the expense of
lighterage, it will benefit that part of the coun-
try very much.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ought to have stated
that ,the people of that part of California have
done a good deal for themselves. They have
built a railroad connecting the city of Los
Angeles, which is the heart of that district, with
this harbor, at an expense of probably three
quarters of a million dollars, and in that point
of view I think they have some claims upon
the generosity, if not upon ths justice, of the
Government.
Mr. CORBBTT. I should like to have an
appropriation made for this harbor if we could
do it with safety. I understand the estimates
call for $650,000. The question is whether
$100,000 can be appropriated to advantage to
this work now. We have no statement with
regard to this matter from the engineers, except
that it will cost $050,000 to complete the work.
They do not make any recommendation for any
amount of money to commence with, as I un-
derstand, and it does seem to me that we should
have some estimates as to the amount of money
necessary to complete the work. If we expend
$100,000 in this way, that may be entirely lost
if we do not make another appropriation
another year. If it should be expended, and
that amount of money lost in consequence of
there not being a sufficient amount of money
appropriated, of course it will be unwise to
make the appropriation. I simply want the
Senate to understand this question.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no doubt the re-
port of General Alexander is here fixing the
total cost of this work at $350,000. I myself
have not seen it, however.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 understood the Senator
from Michigan to read from the report that it |
would cost $050,000.
Mr. CASSERLY. No; I think that is a
report from one of the departments here.
Mr. CORBETT. Who is General Alexan-
der? Is he not one of the engineers of the
department ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I stated that very fully.
He is, I believe, the chief officer of engineers i
on the Pacific coast.
Mr. CORBETT. Attached to the depart-
ment ; and I understand that the report of the
department sets forth that $680,000 will be
required to build this breakwater seven thou-
sand feet. It strikes me that is a pretty low
estimate for so large and long a breakwater.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator, I think,
was not in his seat when the memorial of the
Legislature of the State of California was read.
Mr. CORBETT. I was.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then that part of the
memorial may have escaped his attention.
More than half of this breakwater can be built
upon ground that is almost dry at low water,
and consequently it will escape the main source
of expense in building breakwaters, that
which arises from the necessity of construct-
ing the foundation at a considerable depth
uuder water.
As I said, I inserted $100,000, believing that
to be sufficient to commence with. I do not im-
agine that there is anything unusual in that. I
think it is very rarely that under any circum-
stances the total cost of such a work as estimated
is appropriated at once, so far as I have been
able to observe the practice ofthe Senate in that
particular. The State of the Senator who has
last spoken has an appropriation here, not
larger than it ought to have; but my own State j
has nothing, and yet it must be conceded that
in point of commercial importance California
is the chief State on that coast.
Mr. CORBE TT. I believe there are small
appropriations for the completion ofthe dredg- j
ing of the channel ofthe bar in the Willamette j
river, covering some $31,000, for my State,
which work would be filled up unless it was j
carried on and completed. I believe this
appropriation completes the work. But here
is a proposition to commence a work that is
estimated to cost $650,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. The estimate is, that if
the construction is of stone the cost will be
$891,959 50; if of wood, $627,000; and it is
estimated that the wood would last'ten years.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me it would
be very unwise to commence a construction of
wood there, to last only ten years. If we are
to make such a construction it should be of
the most permanent character, and the estimate
for that is nearly nine hundred thousand dol-
lars. We know these works always cost more
than the estimate. I should be very glad indeed
to make an appropriation, if it is wise to do'so,
for this work. I simply make these remarks
that the Senate may understand fully what they
are voting upon. If we load this bill down with
these appropriations with a view of commenc-
ing extensive works costing millions of dol-
lars, the bill, I fear, may fail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the -Senator from Cal-
ifornia.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 21 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Casserly, Davis, Fowler,
Harris, Johnston, Lewis, McCreery, Osborn, Pool,
Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer. Stowart, Stockton, Thur-
man. Tipton, Vickcrs, and Willey—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler, Coukling, Corbett, Drake, Edmunds,
Fenton, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Howard, Howe,
Howell, McDonald, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey,
Sohurz, Spenccr, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT —Messrs. Ames. Bayard. Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cattell, Cole, Cragin,
Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Harafin,
Harlan, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Revels,
Kico, Robertson, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner,
Thayer, Trumbull,Warner,Williams, and Yates—32.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCOTT. I offer the following amend-
ment, of which I have given notice:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War is hereby authorised and requii ed to detail three
engineers, whose duty it shall be to examine all
bridges now erectcd, or in process of erection, across
the Ohio river, and to report whether, in their opin-
ion, such bridgos, or any of thom, as now constructed,
or proposed to bo constructed, do or will interfere
with the l'ree and safe navigation of said river; and
if they do or will &o interfere, to report also what
extent of span and elevation above water will be
required to prevent obstruction to navigation, and
their estimate of the cost required to change such
bridges now built, or being built, to such width oi
span and elevation above the water as will prevent
obstruction to navigation; such report to be mado
and communicated to the next session of Cougress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to strike out on page
6, line one hundred and twenty-two, these
words, " to be expended by contract or other-
wise." I do not see that that occurs in any
other place in the bill and I do not know why
it should occur there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana moves to strike out from the
clause making an appropriation "for the im-
provement of the mouth of the Mississippi
river" the words " to be expended by contract
or otherwise."
Mr. CHANDLER. I think we had better
leave the usual discretion to the Secretary of
War.
Mr. HARRIS. I am willing to leave it to
be expended the same as the other appropria-
tions are, by the engineer in chief. I prefer,
therefore, to have these words stricken out.
Mr. CORBBTT. I think some appropria-
tions have heretofore been made giving the
engineers power to advertise for proposals for
the improvement of rivers, and to cut through
canals to a certain depth so as to give a certain
amount of water, and in case no contract is
made, then the engineer department do it under
their own supervision. I suppose that is the
idea.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the Senator from
Louisiana is right; it is better to put this ap-
propriation on the same ground as all the
others.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend in lines
