1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2445
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to suggest that it is his business to furnish us
with these details? Wo cannot be expected
to look them up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Although my
honorable friend has perhaps more leisure than
1 have to read, I think he cannot have read
the public documents, or he would have seen
these details.
Mr. THURMAN. My honorable friend
will allow me to suggest that when my leisure
comes it will be after this bill is passed, and
then it will be too late.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will say,
then, for the information of my honorable
friend as well as of the Senate, that these
items are based first on the • estimates of the
Department, who give us information on the
subject; second, there is the report of the
supervising architect, who describes the condi-
tion of the buildings, their situation, and their
supposed needs. This is a Government where
confidence must be placed somewhere. This
architect is the appointee of the Treasuq? De-
partment. lie is constructing these public
buildings under its direction. He makes his
report to the Secretary of the Treasury in de-
tail, describing these buildings and the char-
acter of the buildings and setting out their
needs.
Now, as to furniture, I say to the honorable
Senator that it includes the whole fitting up of
a public building, which may include a court-
house, post office, &c. The Senator may think
it extravagant to say that it will require the sum
of $15,000 in some instances, or $12,000 for
the public building at Bangor, in the State of
Maine, but I think that according to my expe-
rience these appropriations are usual. They are
not extravagant, compared with the appropri-
ations we have been accustomed to make for
this class of buildings.
I will say to my honorable friend that I do
not think the nature of the ease admits of any
more accurate information than I have endeav-
ored to give. I do not suppose it is practi-
cable to state here precisely the style of fur-
niture, the quality of furniture, &c. Wo have
to rely on the Department whose business it is
to supervise, and whom we have intrusted with
the duty of doing this precise thing.
One word now as to the amount appropri-
ated in this bill. It is about three and a half
millions, perhaps three million six hundred
thousand dollars.
1 think, Mr. President, that it is a great mis-
take, as has been pretty cleariy shown by expe-
rience heretofore, to make the appropriations
one single shilliug short of the absolute demands
of the service. 1 do not believe it is a wise
policy. T think there rarely ever should be an
occasion for a deficiency bill. We should meet
the responsibilities of the public service fairly
and squarely, both in this branch and the other
branch. We know what the demands of the
service are, and we ought to make appropria-
tions fully and fearlessly to meet the public
demands, and a deficiency bill ought only to
be to cover such cases as are cleariy unfore-
seen. I could point out to the honorable Sen-
ator some instances in which these deficiencies
have occurred; but generally the reason is that
last year it was not deemed practicable or neces-
sary, or for some other cause, to make the
appropriations near so large as were estimated
for the public service.
Mr. THUKMAN. My friend, the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, who
ought to be, as I have no doubt he is in fact,
the best-informed man of the Senate in rela-
tion to the particulars of this bill, to whom is
committed the duty of informing himself in
respect to them and to communicate that in-
formation to the Senate, because each Sena-
tor cannot investigate for himself, admits that
he has no items, no bill of particulars, as a
lawyer would say, upon which to found these
apparently extravagant appropriations. If
that be the case, that, in my judgment, is a
sufficient reason for voting them down, or at
least cutting them down. If he has no par-
ticulars, no items whatsoever, then wo are left
to our general knowledge as to what would be
proper in such a case.
Now, he says that these items come with the
recommendation of the architect. Why, let
me say to my friend—indeed I need not say
it, because he knows it as well as I do—that
if he will allow an architect to go to work and
expend money on furniture or anything else in
a public building, he will expend ten times as
much as ought to be expended. Give one of
these architects, with his head fall of beautiful
models, a lover of art, full swing to provide
the furniture for any custom-house, or court-
house, or anything else of a public character
in the United States, and he will give you as
much statuary as there is in the Pantheon at
Rome, if you allow him plenty of money to
put it there. They are the last kind of men to
trust with any such thing as that.
Sir, the majority of the court-houses in the
United States complete do not cost as much
as it is proposed to appropriate here for furni-
ture for a single court-house. A large majority
of ihcm, four fifths of them, perhaps, in the
United States, in which justice is administered
to the people, do not cost as much for the whole
building, everything that is in it included, as
is proposed here for the furniture for a court-
house, or for the furniture for a custom-house
at Ogdensburg, New York, or Bangor, Maine.
Mr. President, I said before that this might
seem a small matter; but if you do not begin
with the small matters you will never get to the
great. I am sorry that I did not before notice
a provision in this bill and ask an explanation
of it from the Department. It is a provision
lo provide for adeficieticy, forsooth ; and what
is it? For continuing the work on the building
for a post oflice and sub-Treasury in Boston,
Massachusetts, !po50,000, More than a third
of a million for continuing that one building,
and this in a deficiency bill I ) hope before this
bill is passed my friend from Maine will give us
some explanation of that—how much that build-
ing lias cost, how much it is expected it will cost
bel'oie it is completed, and the like, and that will
be Retting into the great matters.
Now, sir, by way of testing the sense of the
Senate as to whether they will go into the fur-
niture business quite as largely as this bill pro-
poses, 1 move to strike out the word "twelve,"
la the one hundred and twenty-first line, and
insert the word "live.'' We might as well
have a test vote as to whether wo are going to
cut down these furniture appropriations, and
I ask for the yeas and nays on that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Have the amendments
| of the Committee on Appropriations been gone
through with yet ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it is outol«o;der
to move to amend the bill now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of tiio Senator from Ohio [Mr. ThuemasJ is
in order strictly, but the usage of the Senate
has alway3 been first to consider the amend
ments reported by the committee having charge
of the bill, and after that to consider the text
of the bill which has not been amended by
those amendments, and receive amendments
to that.
Mr. THURMAN. After the committee's
amendments are through, will it be in order to
move to go back and amend any part of the
bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be. The
usage, for the convenience of the Senate, is
first to act on the amendments reported, and
i then on amendments generally; but in regard
to amendments incorporated in the bill a mo-
tion to reach them must be made as the bill
progresses.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well; I will reserve
my motion for the present.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 ask for information,
whether in order to object to any item, or make
any motion in respect to it, it is necessary to
make the objection as it is read?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not* The
Senate first acts on the amendments reported
by the 'Committee on Appropriations. The
bill is then open to amendment by any Senator,
except in regard to those amendments which
have been agreed to and incorporated into the
bill, which cannot be stricken out then but can
be added to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will state arp object in
asking^ that question. I find by reference to
the official document of the Secretary of the
Treasury, stating the estimates for 1870-71, that
for public works alone, including these items
for furniture, the excess over the previous year
is $19,000,000. For that one item therfe is an
excess of $19,000,000 over the previous year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What, is that ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I say that from the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury of the esti-
mates for the year 1870-71, it appears that
for public works alone the excess over the
previous year is $19,000,000. I mention that
now, that Senators may have it in their minds
when the general question comes to be dis-
cussed in reference to this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will continue the reading of the bill, and will
state the amendments of the Committee on
Appropriations as they are reached in then-
order.
The reading of the bill was continued. The
next amendment of the Committee on Ap-
propriations was after line one hundred and
twenty-seven, to insert:
For furniture for the custom-house at Wiscassett,
Maine, ^,500.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to strike out the
word "three" and to insert "one;" so as to
make the appropriation §1,500.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment of the committee was
agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was, after the last item to in-
sert :
For casual and necessary repairs of the various
public buildings in tbo United States under tiie con-
trol of tlio Treasury Department, WO,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, after the last item
to inseit:
For fuel and lights rvnd miscellaneous item* f.irthc
various public building under the control of tiio
Treasury Department,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
i last item:
For furnishing the neoenary vaults, safes, and
j locks for the various public buildings under the con-
trol of the Treasury !Je|-..;rl:;icnt, v~3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
last item:
For completion of sea-wall and revenuo dock on
battery in JS'cw York, ti'J0,0 )0.
The amendment was agreed lo.
The next amendment was, after the last item
to insert:
For repairs of the custom-house at New Orleans,
&25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
l The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill to line one hundred and eighty-seven.
Mr. THURMAN. I would like to ask my
friend what is the present salary of theso oftL
cers? This item is, " for additional salary of
| chief justice and two associates, at §1,000
each, $3,000." This is for the Territory of
Utah. What is their present salary ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The same. It
is not increased.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, this is an additional
salary of $1,000 to each of them. What is
their present salary ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It was increased
last year by law.
