1870.
TBM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3389
tiuut would be the better coarse, the number
having been fixed specifically. If they were
ordinary words, not figures, they would be
liable to amendment; but being figures and
specific, the Chair thinks the better way would
be to wait until the bill is reported to the
Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Very well.
Mr. FERRY. I now move to strike out the
eleventh section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the section proposed to be stricken
out.
The Secretary read the eleventh section, as
follows:
Sbo.11. And be t< further enacted, That the General
of the Amur, commanding officers of the several mil-
itary departments, and chiefs of tho several staff
departments of the Army shall, as soon as prac-
ticable after tho passage of this act, forward to the
Secretary of War a list of officers serving in their
respective commands deemed by thorn unfit for tho
proper discharge of their duties, setting forth specif-
ically in each case the cause of such unfitness. The
Secretary of War is hereby authorized and directed
to constitute a board, to consist of one maj or general,
one brigadier general, and three colonels, threo of
said officers to be selected from among those appointed
to the regular Army on account of distinguished ser-
vices in the volunteer force during the late war, and
on recommendation of such board the President may
wholly retire any of tho said officers so reported vrith
ono year'8 pay.
Mr. FERRY. It was stated by the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs that there
are about four hundred and eighty supernum-
erary officers, I think. The object of the
second, third, fourth, and eleventh sections of
the bill of the committee is to get rid of these
supernumerary officers. The second, third,
and fourth sections provide for relieving the
Army of such portions of them as will volun-
tarily resign; and those three sections provide
inducements which will tend to lead these super-
numerary officers to resign; and I believe that
under the operation of these three sections a
very large number of the supernumeraries will
resign, as it is evidently for their interest to
do so.
Bat the objection to these three sections in
connection with the eleventh has already been
suggested, to wit, that if the officers do not
voluntarily resign nnder the inducement held
out by the second, third, and fourth sections
a kind of threat is held over their heads by the
eleventh section that a retiring board shall be
created which shall dismiss than by its action
from the service, whether they will or not.
Now, a large number of these supernumerary
officers we, we are informed by the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, wounded
officers, wounded and disabled in the service
of their country in the recent war; others are
officers who have been disabled by sickness
induced by the exposures of the recent war;
some, it is said, are persons who are person-
ally unfit from evil habits or from some other
cause to remain officers of the Army. I cer-
tainly am unwilling that the officers of the first
two classes, those disabled by wounds or sick-
ness incurred in their service in the recent war,
shall be compulsorily retired by a board cre-
ated after the manner of this section. It is
not just toward them. It is most impolitic as
a presentation of the attitude of the Govern-
ment of the United States toward its veteran
officers who have given their best years and the
health of the remainder of their lives in the
service of the country. It is all wrong. I
think the country will feel that it is wrong. I
think, therefore, that if the eleventh section is
stricken out a large number, probably from
one fourth to one third, of the supernumeraries
will be relieved under the second, third, and
fourth sections, and that it is better to retain
the remainder even as supernumeraries than it
is to plaee the Government in the attitude in
which it will be placed by the action of the
eleventh section. They are sick or they are
wounded, and they will not live long. Let
them die out; but do not let them die out with
the feeling that an ungrateful country has
turned them to the cold charities of the world.
Mr. THAYER. I wish to say one word in
reply to the Senator from Connecticut. I see
no hardship in this section. If men have be-
come unfit for service by reason of disability
incurred while in the service they can be re-
tired on three-quarters pay. Is there any
wrong or hardship inflicted on these officers?
Mr. CARPENTER. By this section they
are discharged with one year's pay.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator from Ne-
braska allow me a moment?
Mr. THAYER. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. The House of Representa-
tives passed the bill which conies to us, and to
whioh our bill is a proposed amendment; and
the House bill provided in the first section for
the appointment of a board of officers with
authority to examine into the record, qualifica-
tions, and fitness of every officer of the Army,
and to report thereon. It seemed to me, in
the first place, that the measure itself was an
impracticable one, that it would take at least
three years to examine twenty-five hundred
officers. In the next place, it seemed to me
rather a strange proposition on the part of the
Congress of the United States to propose to
examine all the officers of the Army. Nearly
all these officers have seen service in the field.
More than five hundred of them have been
wounded. They have had large experience.
Nearly fifteen hundred of them were officers
of volunteers, many of them generals and colo-
nels holding high positions. I would as soon
Buppose that Napoleon would have ordered
an examination of all his Old Guard for any
Bpecial purpose as that we should examine all
the officers of our Army.
This proposition of ours is a simple prop-
osition to examine only such officers whose
names shall be sent to the Secretary of War
by the General of the Army, the commanders
of departments, or the heads of stalls, as officers
disqualified by their own acts, by their own
misconduct, in whose record there is some-
thing wrong or in whose action there is some-
thing wrong. I am told by those who know
what the record of the officers of the Army is
that from two to three hundred at most would
be all that would be sent before the board
under this section.
Mr. NYE. It does not say so.
Mr. FERRY. The section does not say
anything of the kind. These staff officers are
to " forward to the Secretary of War a list of
officers serving in their respective commands
deemed by them unfit for the proper discharge
of their duties." The staff officers are to send
forward the names of those whom they deem
unfit from any cause, whether it be Biokness,
or wounds, or vice, or anything else.
Mr. WILSON. That is very true; but then
it is well known that the record of the officers
of the Army is made up in the War Depart-
ment, and what they have done in the field
and elsewhere, their character, their service, is
as well known at the War Office and as well
understood as a school-teacher ever under-
stood the character of his pupils.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Con-
necticut seems to misconceive the real effect
of this elause. As I understand it the staff
officers of themselves cannot send this list
without the joint signature of thegeneral com-
manding the department. It must be the con-
current act of the general himself and the
staff officers.
Mr. FERRY. Of course the staff officer
sends it through his chief.
Mr. HOWARD. But he must join in it. I
understood the Senator front Connecticut to
intimate that the staff officers alone would
do it.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say to the Senator
from Connecticut that I have no idea, nor has
anybody connected with the Army, that more
than two hundred and fifty men would go
before any such board; and it would be settled
in a few months. This proposition, instead of
examining the whole Army, is in lieu of the first
section of the House bill, which provided for
an examination of the whole of the officers of
the Army, a long work of three or four years.
This can be done probably in less than six
months.
Let me say to the Senator further, that there
is no menace in it. The first proposition in
it is to offer to every officer of the Army an
opportunity to resign on certain conditions,
offering certain temptations to resign. The
next proposition is to enlarge the number of
retired officers from about one hundred and
seventy to three hundred, so that one hundred
and twenty or one hundred and thirty wounded
and sick officers, officers broken down in the
service, and old officers, may be retired on
three-fourths pay; a very liberal, kind, gen-
erous provision.
If this section shall be stricken out, I agree
with the Senator, the work can be cheaply
accomplished, because provision is made in
another section that when these sections are
executed, if there be any supernumerary offi-
cers left, they may be furloughed by the Depart-
ment, or may be mustered out of the service
with one year's pay. So that it will leave it to
the President to muster out such officers as he
deems fit, until he reduces the number. The
expense of retaining these four hundred and
ejghty supernumerary officers is somewhere
from a million to a million and a quarter dol-
lars. Many of these men have been out of
employment nearly a year, and some others
are in employment as Indian agents.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I have lis-
tened to the explanation of this section by the
Senator from Massachusetts. If the section
contained precisely what he says it is its object
to accomplish I should be in favor of retain-
ing the section; but it does seem to me that
the point taken by the Senator from Connec-
ticut is correct. The section, in other words,
is not what the Senator from Massachusetts
designs it should be. It is certainly not so if
I can understand language.
It does provide that the superior officers
named shall, after the passage of this act, fur-
nish a list of officers in their respective com-
mands deemed by them, unfit. Unfit for what?
For what purpose ? From what cause ? A man
may have no arms and no legs; he certainly is
not fit. The Senator says he wants to accom-
plish this object, and certainly I agree with
him : that if there is a class of men in the Army
who from their habits and misconduct are so
that they are not worthy to associate with Army
officers, they ought to be dismissed, in justice
to the other officers of the Army. If the sec-
tion were so amended I would cheerfully vote
for it; but I waut to suggest for the considera-
tion of the Senator, if it will not be best to add
after the word "unfit" in the sixth line, these
words," from their own misconduct or habits,"
and then to strike out in the eighth line the
words "cause of such unfitness," and insert
" misconduct or habits complained ofand
then the section would read:
That the General of the Army, commanding offi-
cers of the several military departments, and chiefs
of the several staff departments of the Army, shall,
as soon as practicable after the passago of this act,
forward to the Secretary of War a list of officers serv-
ing ip their respective commands deemed by them
unfit from their own misconduct or habits for the
proper discharge of their duties, setting forth spe-
cifically in each case the misconduct or habits com-
plained of.
It seems to me that amendment will make
the section precisely what the Senator from
Massachusetts says he designs by it; and with
that amendment I will cheerfully vote for it.
Without that amendment I cannot vote for it.
I propose to amend first, by inserting after the
word "unfit," in line six, the words "from
their own misconduct or habits and if that
shall prevail, then I will move farther to amend
by striking out in the eighth line the words
"cause of such unfitness " and inserting 41 mis-
conduct or habits complained of."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire simply to inquire
<if- the Senator from Maine-if his amendment
