488
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 14,
Ho. of Reps.
Currency Bill—Mr. Armstrong.
41st Cong 2d Sess.
opening an easy and certain channel for the supply
of goods to the upper country received by import-
ation from abroad. Tho multiplication of steamboats
and craft of all descriptions which must naturally
follow, tlio extent of all branches of business con-
nected with their construction and employment, the
creation of numerous villages and towns at favor-
able points for shipment and trade, tho search for
new products and new forms of enterprise which will
ever be prompted by an open avenue to tho dopot of
mercantile capital, with a thousand other sources
of social activity which could not fail to follow,
:iro among the benefits which would flow from this
improvement."
So wrote Howard Stansbury, a United States
civil engineer, thirty-five years ago ; and what
he said then is true now. The virgin forests
ot' tho upper Cumberland are still undisturbed
to any great extent by the liand of industry,
because of the want of improved navigation for
transportation purposes. The mineral wealth
of 'hat region still lies undeveloped for the
same reason. All and more than all that was
said by the same engineer of that mineral
wealth is true to-day. In addition to the arti-
cles ho enumerates in his report, oil has been
discovered in endless quantities in that region,
patiently waiting to minister to the wants of
the human family and add to tho sum of the
nation's wealth. Mr. Chairman, no part of
the country will more richly repay development
Ihan this section drained by the Cumberland
river. 1 hope that something may be done
for its benefit., and I am sure no money that
wr may expend will return more for tho invest-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Currency 1SU1.
SPEECH OF HON W. IL ARMSTRONG,
OK l'l:XNSYt,VANH,
Ix tiik ifovsi; of 1 i. r, r n e h i: n't a t i v k s,
June I I, 1870,
On (ho bill (II. K. Mo. 1'JflD) to increase banking
labilities, and for other purposos.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, on the
21st day of February last the House passed a
resolution instructing tho Committee onBank-
inu; and Currency to report a bill which should
increase " the volume of the circulating cur-
rency" at least $50,000,000, I cannot inter-
pret this to mean, as argued by the chairman of
the committee, an " increase by checks and
drafts." K clearly did mean, in my judgment,
an increase of notes of circulation; and tho
policy thus declared I believe to he consistent
with the almost universal desire of tho people,
and to bo based upon sound financial consid-
erations.
Tho committee, as I understand, do not pro-
pose to respond to that direction further than
by the provisions of this bill, concerning which
the committee seem not quite agreed whether
it affects the currency by cither contraction or
expansion. If I could regard it as a measure
of contraction I should, without hesitation, vote
against it. That it does not very materially
increase the currency is clear; but if I correctly
apprehend its provisions it would effect an in-
crease of about eight million two hundred and
ninety-two thousand dollars. Thusthefirst sec-
tion directs an additional issue of $95,000,000
in notes for circulation. Tho second section
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to redeem
an equivalent amount of the three per cent,
temporary loan certificates. Of these there
were outstanding on the 1st of June instant
•5-15,.">.10.000, which, deducted from the author-
ized issue, would leave $41,400,000 after the
three per cents, have all been redeemed. The
closing paragraph of the same section directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to cancel an
amount of United States notes equal to eighty
per cent, of this balance when thesameisissued;
or, reduced to figures, eighty per cent, out of
the balance, namely, $11,460,000, would be
$33,108,000, leaving a possible increased cir-
culation of $8,292,000, as before stated.
It is, however, open to question whether,
as claimed by part of the committee, the bill
would operate to diminish .the bank reserves,
and by throwing into active circulation a fund
not now used, thereby further increase the
active currency; or whether, as claimed by
others, the percentage of ten per cent, retained
by the Government on the issue of notes to the
new banks to be established under the bill,
and the reserves to be by them kept on hand,
would not more than equal the whole apparent
increase, and thus, in fact, diminish the cir-
culation in actual use.
It is not my purpose to enter at present into
this part of the discussion. But admitting the
increase to be as I have stated, it is in my
judgment wholly inadequate to the necessities
and demands of the times. The redistribution
of the currency by withdrawing a portion of
the circulation from banks already established
does not seem to me to be required. I would
much prefer a bill which, without disturbing
the banks already organized, should authorize
the organization of other banks with liberal
capital in such parts of the country as have
not. the proportion of capital assigned them by
the existing law.
It is not, however, my purpose to antagonize
the bill. I have submitted an amendment
which I believe will harmonize with our whole
system of banking, and tho purpose of which
is to provide a mode by which, without in the
least disturbing the system, it will have addi-
tional and much needed elasticity. It is, in
brief, to authorize the issue by the United
States of a limited amount of convertible notes
to be exchanged for tho interest-bearing loan
of tho United States.
The first section of the amendment, proposes
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue not exceeding 8100,000,000 of United
States notes, without interest, payable to the
bearer at the Treasury of the United States,
and of denominations not less than five dollars
each.
It is not proposed that they shall be legal-
tender notes, nor redeemable in gold; but they
shall bt> receivable for all debts and demands
of every kind due to the United States, except
duties on imports. They will have indorsed
upon them that they are so receivable, and that
they are convertible at their faco value at the
option of the holder into the bonded interest-
bearing loan of the United States, at the market
value of such loan, when presented in sums not
less than $1,000, or any multiple of one thou-
sand, at the office of the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States or the Assistant Treasurer at New
Y°rk.
Having thus provided for the issue of a con-
vertible note, the second section provides that
any holder of any of the bonded loan shall be
entitled, on presentation at the office of the
'Treasurer at Washington, or the Assistant
Treasurer in New York, in any sum not less
than $1,000, or any multiple of $1,000, to ex-
change the same at their market value, which
shall bo determined, if necessary, by the Sec-
retary of tho Treasury, and to receive a like
amount at their face value of the notes author-
ized by the first section of the proposed amend-
ment.
The third section provides for a like con-
version and exchange of the particular notes
so issued, and no others, into the funded debt
of the United States, at the option of the
holder, at the market value of the bonds, not
less than par.
The fourth section provides for the payment
of fractional differences in lawful money, and
for the keeping of a separate account, and the
report thereof in tho monthy statement of the
Treasury.
I have thus given such synopsis of the pro-
posed amendment as I trust conveys an intelli-
gent idea of its provisions. Its purpose is to
supplement the banking system, and aid it by
giving elasticity to the currency without dis-
turbing the fixed and ordinary circulation.
It is a well established fact, universally
admitted, that business requires more money
of circulation at certain seasons than at others,
and that these periodical demands differ in
various localities and at different times so widely
that it is not possible to determine with any
certainty what amount of circulating medium
the business of the country at large requires.
I regard it as preeminently a question which
business men can best determine for them-
selves as the exigencies of their business arise.
It cannot be denied that it is desirable in any
system of currency to render it, if possible,
self-adjusting to an extent sufficient to cover
these probable fluctuations. To what extent this
may be practicable is a question which only
experience can determine. I am. myself satis-
fied that if the necessary legislation be given
the instincts of business will determine the
question with a practical accuracy which no
merely legislative judgment can ever attain.
The Comptroller of the Currency, in his
report for 1869, states with great force, " no
human intelligence can fix the amount of cur-
rency that is really needed ; for it is continu-
ally varying and is never fixed. And so long
as the volume of currency depends upon legis-
lative enactment uncertainty and instability
will pervade all financial operations." Few
will be found to dissent from so plain a prop-
osition.
On a question so intricate and difficult as
national finance I am impressed with the pro-
priety of expressing my views with all due
deference to the opinions and judgment of
others, who may differ, perhaps widely, from
my conclusions. I desire only to express in
part the reasons which have convinced my
judgment.
Political economy is a science of experi-
ments, and one never before tested iu circum-
stances similar to ours. We are, in finance as
in Government, a law unto ourselves. And
there are facts in our experience which have
demonstrated the inutility of some theories
loug admitted, and now utterly overthrown by
the financial as well as governmental expe-
riences of the war. Prominent among these,
and based upon such theories, was the almost
universal, concurrent prediction of the finan-
ciers of Europe, and nota few athome, that the
country was borno by an irresistible flood-tide
of irredeemable currency to its political and
financial ruin. And there are not a few men
of sound judgment and large experience who
still cling upon this' question to cherished
theories which, I believe, have been refuted by
the whole experiences of the war.
It is a marked fact in our history that men
of large financial reputation predicted our total
financial ruin, and pointed to the volume of
our currency as not worth the paper on which
it was written: and spoke of it, with scorn,
"as this thing which we call money." But it
is equally a fact that the country never pros-
pered more than when the volume of our cur-
rency was largest; that labor was never more
actively employed, never better paid, and never
more content; yet have not the prophets of evil
ceased. In their view the ruin still impends.
And notwithstanding the assured and wonderful
development of all our material interests when
the currency was most expanded, and our con-
tinued and uninterrupted prosperity until the
inauguration of the fatal policy of contraction,
and the immediate and concurrent derangement
and depression of business which ensued, they
still clamor for contraction, and failing of this,
are fain to be content with persistent resistance
to the extension ofadditional monetary facilities
to those sections whose Representatives here
